the congressional globe.
February 15,
long as the Constitution of theUmted States endures,
rfie States wili endures the destruction of the one is
the destruction of the other; the preservation or toe
one is the preservation of the other."
Eor the" enunciation of the sound truths con-
tained in liis message the President is attacked j
and aspersed by the radical leaders and their
small followers, because he is determined to
stand (irmly by the landmarks of the Constitu-
tion, and refuses to become a traitor by aiding
in the obliteration of eleven States and degrad-
ing the white inhabitants by making them the
political inferior of the negroes. President
Johnson has been most consistent in his course
on the momentous questions that have agitated
this country for the last five years. After his
nomination .for Yice -President, in a speech
made at Nashville on the 10th of June, 1864,
he held the folio-wing language:
"So far as the head of the ticket is concerned, the
Baltimore convention had said, not only to the Uni-
ted States, but to all nations of the earth, that wc
are determined to maintain and carry out the prin-
ciples of free government. [Applause.] Thatconven-
tiou announced and confirmed a principle not to be
disregarded. It was that the right of secession and
the power of a State to place itself out of the Union
are not recognized. The convention had declared
this principle by its action. Tennessee had. been in
rebellion against the Government, and waged a trea-
sonable "war againstits authority,just as other south-
ern States had done. She had seceded just as ranch
as other States had. and left the Union as far as she
hasl the power to do so. Nevertheless the national
convention had declared that a State cannot put it-
self from under the national authority. Xt said, by
its first nomination, that the present President, take
him altogether, w.is the man to steer the ship of &tatc
for-the next four years. fLoud applause.]
".Next it said—if X maybe permitted to speak of
myself, not in the way ot vanity, but to illustrate a
principle—4We will go into one of the rebellious
States and choose a candidate for the Vice Presidency.'
■ Thus the Union party declared its belief that the re-
bellious States are sttl) in the Union, and that their
loyal citizens are still citizens of the United States."
If Tennesseein 1804,with thousands of armed
rebels within her borders defying tlis Federal
Government and denying its authority, was a
good enough State to take a loyal Vice Presi-
dent from, I would ask whether the same Ten-
nessee after the war has ceased, her courts of
justice open, and the Constitution and laws fully
recognized, is not 'a fortiori a better State and
quite good enough to be represented by a Pat-
terson, a Cooper, a Maynard, and other tried
and true Union men?
Mr. Speaker, is this Congress, in its exclu-
sion of gentlemen elected in pursuance of lav/,
and who arc eligible under the Constitution,
and under our own enactments, acting in a
spirit of justice and in accordance with law;
or is not the ruling majority of this House in
its course revolutionary? Taxation without
representation was a primary cause of the Rev-
olution by the colonics against Great Britain.
And here I beg to quote an extract from_ the
speech of Senator Doolittle on this subject,
which stales the case briefly but to the point;
"Is it of no practical importance whether eleven
States, with their ten million people, shall be taxed
and governed without representation ?
"With less than one third of that number of peo-
Sle, our forefathers, because the Parliament of Great
ritain, in which they had no representation, passed
laws to tax them, declared the independence of those
States. Isitofno practical importance whethertbese
eleven States and ten million people shall govern
themselves under a republican form of State govern-
ment. subject only to the Constitution of the United
States, or whether they shall be held as subject vat-
sals, to be governed for an indefinite peiiod by the
unlimited will of Congress, or by the sword? Is it
of no practical importance whether the flag ol our
country, for which half a million have laid down their
lives, and which bears thiity-six stars as an emblem
of a Union of thirty-six States, speaks a nation's truth
or is a monstrous talsehood 1
" This is a question which neither men nor parties
can avoid or put aside. It demands and will h avo an
answer. It is a question, too, upon which there is and
therecanbe no compromise and noneiitmlity. They
are States in the Union under the Constitution, or tb ey
are not. We must affirm the one or the other. We
must stand upon one side supporting the Lincoln
and Johnson policy, maintaining the Union of these
States under the Constitution to be unbroken, or we
must take our stand with the Senator trom Massa-
chusetts upon theother, andmaintain that the Union
is broken that secession is a success and not afailure,
so far at least to withdraw eleven States from the
Union or l educe eleven States to the territorial con-
dition.''
It will be remembered that the Baltimore con-
vention, which nominated Lincoln and John-
son in 180!, repudiated the idea of the right of
secession or that any State was out of the Union.
The best evidence of this is the fact that An-
drew Johnson, of Tennessee, (a State then in
rebellion,) was nominated for Vice President.
If the doctrine promulgated here by the lead-
ers of this House and of the Senate, that the
States lately in rebellion are only conquered
territory and cannot be regarded as States, and
that the people arc a foreign nation, then the
President of the United States is ineligible to
the high office he holds and must be regarded
as a usurper!
To sustain the extreme and radical proposi-
tions advanced here, copious extracts and quo-
tations have been made from those great lights
of the judicial firmament, Grotius, Puffendorf,
and Vattel, in reference to the jus gentium,
the rights of belligerents, civil war, &c. _ Now,
while I regard these high authorities with the
most profound respect, I take the liberty to
say that the opinions of these eminent writers
oil the law of nations and the law of nature
are not in all cases applicable to this age and
to the peculiar question presented here on the
condition of the southern States in their rela-
tion to the other States of the Union. Gro-
tius wrote in Holland two centuries ago ; Puf-
fendorf was counselor of state for the Kings
of Prussia and Sweden; Vattel wrote in Franee.
Their writings on international law were well
adapted to the time, to the interpretation of
the kings of the continent of Europe, and are
doubtless now in many cases safe precedents.
Our ease, the late rebellion, is sid generis,
which cannot be classed under any ordinary
description of war, civil or foreign. The law
of nations, as construed by these old and emi-
nent authors in monarchical Government"! in a
past age, ought not and cannot be fairly applied
at this day in our dealing with a portion of our
own people, inhabiting a part and parcel of our
own territory. A war with a foreign Power,
or with a sovereign nation, would place the
legal question involved in a very different light.
We quelled the rebellion among pur own cit-
izens and in our own country. We conquered
nothing. "We have not more territory, people,
or property than we had before. This, in my
judgment, is the rational and natural deduc-
ion from the premises, in law and in fact.
But, jlr. Speaker, we have now been in ses-
sion nearly three months, and have done little
else than legislate for the benfit of the negro.
Constitutional amendments by the score for the
benefit of the negro ; universal suffrage for the
benefit of the negro : Freedmen's Bureau for the
beneiitofthenegro; andsoon, adnauseam. Im-
portant and most necessary legislation in view of
our critical financial and commercial condition
is delayed for the party purpose of engineering
measures like the Freedmen's Bureau, which,
in other words, means a gigantic negro alms-
house. with extraordinary powers and unlimited
ramifications, and a horde of local salaried
agents, whose duty it shall be to take care of refu-
gees and freedmen ; that is. to feed and clothe
runaway, lazy, and vagabond negroes at the
expense and cost of the industrious and hard-
working white people. I have been under the
impression that the war was over, the rebellion
quelled, and that peace reigns throughout the
land. If this be so—and there can be no doubt
about it—I would inquire what we, this Con-
gress. or any branch of our Government, have
to do with refugees, either black or white? Is
the whole country to be turned into one vast
almshouse? What is the operation of this
measure? The Secretary of War is empowered
to issue provisions, clothing, fuel, and other
supplies, including medical stores and trans-
portation to the emancipated negroes, and prac-
tically establish a poor-house on the largest
scale for the benefit of a people who desire no
greater inducement to idleness and indolence
than just such an institution. The negro will
not be slow to take advantage of this extrava-
gant public charity. No good can possibly
result from this bad law. The negro becomes
demoralized, and is encouraged in habits of
laziness. You give shelter and maintenance
to the black, which you have never done, and
probably never will, to the most meritorious
and deserving white man, North or South. The
country is saddled with an army of officials,
and with an additional blessing of some twenty
million dollars a year expenses to sustain this
extensive negrt) hospital, with its swarm of
stewards, from little brigadiers to very small
lieutenants.
The people want no such an establishment;
it is unnecessary and useless. The States,
North and South, under their local laws pro-
vide for the poor, aged, and decrepit. Let the
able-bodied work! We have no power to pass
such a law,' and if we had, under any of the
articles of the Constitution, why not begin with
the indigent white people, or at least let them
share in its benefits? There are thousands of
white men disabled in the late war, unfit for
work, and subsisting in many eases upon pri-
vate charity. Why not extend to them a little
of the munificence about to be bestowed upon a
horde of lfegro drones? We have many brave
men bearing honorable wounds—a number in
my own home, Pottsville, the town that sent
the very first company of patriot volunteers to
this city to defend the capital in April, 1861;
many widows and orphans of white soldiers j
and why ignore them and only legislate for an
inferior and lazy race?
It might not be out of place in this connec-
tion to bestow a passing thought on the poor,
but honest and industrious emigrant who lands
on our shores a stranger in a strange land. We
might extend a little Government charity and
aid and comfort to this truly valuable element
of our population. No! Before this Congress
the wdiite man, however deserving, has no status.
No "bureau" is established for the poor white
soldier, or the poor German, Irishman, or other
emigrant; he may get along as best he can.
He is a white man! To justify this parental
care of the pet lambs of our modern reformers
we are informed by speeches here, and by re-
ports of paid agents, humanitarian ex-generals
and other women, some in petticoats and other-
wise, who are now adventuring in the South
on all sorts of spec and peculation, that the poor
freedmen are most horribly treated; that their
former masters are oppressing them, and com-
mitting all sorts of outrages on the •' intelligent,
docile, and gentle colored brethren and sisters.''
That this sort of stuff is manufactured for the
purpose of inflaming the northern mind, -and
to affect legislation here for the benefit of. the
Ilepublicau party, or whatever you choose to
call this mongrel combination, requires no elab-
oration at my hands: it is well understood.
The condition of affairs in the South, the ac-
commodation of the people to the change of
circumstances, is well known and fully attested
by the reports of President Johnson and Gen-
eral Grant.
But in order to show to this House, and to
the people of the country, the shady hide of the
radical negro-loving picture, I copy an article
from the Charleston Courier of Peburuary 2,
giving an account of the treatment received by
white1*men, Pennsylvanians, at the hands of the
amiable colored ''citizens" of South Carolina.
I can say that the gentlemen alluded to are
from my own county, Schuylkill, my own neigh-
bors and friends men of character and means,
who went to the South provided with letters
herefrom General Howard and others, for the
purpose of purchasing lands and engaging in
agricultural pursuits. The Clerk will please
read the statement.
The Clerk read, as follows:
[From the Charleston Courier, February 2.]
A " Frfedmen' Demonitrutionon NorthernLmiqrants
— Extraordinary Affair on John\ hhuid—Rough
Experience of a Pony of P<jnnii/tvaniaii  who^ wanted
to buy Plantation Lands—JSarroir Ei< ape inth their
Livex — What the Negroes are Threatening to do.
Last Friday, a party of four gentlemen, on a visit
here from Pennsylvania for the purpose of buying
lands, jfce., accompanied by two or three citizens, ob-
tained the consent of General Sickles to visit all the
islands adjacent to the city. The party were fortu-
nate, also, in being tendered by General Sickles the
use of the United States steam transport Mary Fran-
ces, and on Saturday morning they left the city and
proceeded to the lower end of John's Island, at tno
junction of the Stono with the Kiawah river.
