872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
tie executive department, and it matters not,
in my judgment, whether he carries out that ob-
ject by using a general of the Army, a military
governor, or confers the power on such of the
people as he may choose to select their own
Governor and Legislature to assist in its ac-
complishment. The whole matter is under his
control and supervision, and he employs these
agencies to carry out his will until the civil
gower of the Government steps in and releases
im from his military dictatorship. But it is
argued by some gentlemen on this floo"r that
the President has gone beyond the power con-
ferred upon him by the Constitution ; that he
has no right given him by that instrument to
organize governments in the disloyal States in
the manner in which he has seen proper to
do so.
Grant, for the sake of the argument, that in
the confused condition of the country the Pres-
ident may have assumed some authority that is
not clearly and distinctly defined, does it follow
that we are to discard and throw away that that
has been accomplished that is good? If these
somewhat unauthorized governments in some
of these States have made their organic law
republican in form, and protected the personal
and legal rights of all its citizens, why not
adopt them as a foundation upon which to build
up a more perfect superstructure? If Congress
takes the matter of reconstruction in hand of
these States, the same ceremony of proceed-
ings will have 10 be gone through with that has
already been done. The people will be called
upon to select delegates to a convention, and a
constitution will have to be made, all of which
will take time and probably result in an organic
law no better than the one now adopted. In
revolutionary times it is quite possible that an
Executive may exceed the strict letter of the
law, whether from necessity or not: is it to be
argued from that fact that all the benefits that
may have inured to the Government are to be
ignored ; that all which is gained is to be sur-
rendered back again to the foe? I think no
man will take that position. Then, sir, I say
whatever of good has been accomplished by
the President in his reconstruction policy let
us adopt it.
But, Sir. Sneaker, I do not think the Presi-
dent has exceeded the power conferred upon
him Ly the Constitution. Neither do i think
his course is one without precedent. The late
Chief Magistrate, the man whom the nation
loved, marked out the course, and the present
Executive is but followingm the "footsteps of
his illustrious predecessor.'' Let us see what
Mr. Lincoln said upon this subject when refer-
ring to the State organization of Louisiana, in
that last memorable address made a few days
after the surrender of Lee, and but a short time
before his assassination. If will be remembered
that sometwelvetliousandcitizens of Louisiana
had taken the oath of allegiance, and had or-
ganized a government in pursuance to a plan
that he himself had recommended. He says:
" X'r.v. if we reject and spurn them, we do our ut-
most to disorganize find disperse thorn. Wo in effect
say to the white men, 'You arc vrorthless, or woisc;
we will neither help vou nor be helped by you.' To
the we say, 'This cup of liberty which f I!
your old masters, hold to your lips, we will dash trora
you, and leave you to the chances of gathering the
bpilled ;i:id scattered content* in tome vague and
undefined when, where, and how.' If this course,
discouraging and paralyzing both white and black,
has any tendency to bringbouisianaintopropcrprao-
tioal relations with the Union, I have, .so far, been
unable to perceive it. If, on the contrary, wc 1 ecog-
nize and sustain the new government of Louisiana,
the converse of all this is made true.
" "We encourage the hearts and nerve the arms of
the twelve thousand to adhere to their work and ar-
gue tor it, and proselyte tor it. and tight foi it, and
feed it, and prow it. and ripen it to a complete sin -
eess. 'Ihceqlored man, too, seeing all united forhim,
is inspired with vigilance and energy and daring to
the same end. Grant that he desires the elective
franchise, will he not attain it sooner by saving the
already advanced steps toward it than bv running
back ward over them? Concede that the new govern-
ment ot Louisiana is onlv to what it should be as the
egg is to the fowl, we shall sooner have the fowl bv
hatching the egg than by smashing it. [Laughter.]
Again, if we reject Louisiana, we also rcject one vote
in favor ot the proposed amendment to the national
Constitution.
" I repeat the question, ' Can Louisianabo brought
into proper practical relation with the Union sooner
by sustaining or discarding her new State govern-
ment?' What has been said of Louisiana will apply
generally to other States."
No truer sentiment, Mr. Speaker, -was ever
uttered than is contained in this extract. Is it
to be supposed that by holding these people off
at arm's length after they have adopted consti-
tutions that are republican in form, in which
slavery is not protected, and the rights of all
the people to "life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness" are secured, that by so doing it will
have a tendency to make them more loyal ? Will
it not, sir, have the opposite effect? Or is hu-
man nature so constituted that it needs to be
goaded and stamped upon in order to induce
love and affection for the power that wields the
rod? In my opinion, no more successful way
could be devised to drive out and extirpate all
loyal feeling for the General Government that
may now exist in those States than the course
suggested to be pursued in reference to restor-
ing them to their proper places in the Union by
some gentlemen upon this floor. No healing
balm is to be held out to increase the attach-
ment of these people to the old flag of their
country; but they are to be told that so long as
there is a portion of their people disloyal, or a
rebel left unhung within their limits, they are
to receive no aid, no encouragement, from the
conquering power.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am no more in favor of
compromising with traitors than the most radi-
cal man upon this floor, for I believe if there is
one sin more heinous than another that man can
commit, either toward God or his country, it is
the sin of treason. But I am in favor of rally-
ing around and sustaining whatever loyalty may
be found in those disorganized States. I am in
favor of holding up the hands of the weak, and
saying to those who are earnestly engaged in
endeavoring to bring order out of confusion, to
persevere ; and although your State organiza-
tions are not all that we could desire or wish,
3*et we will come to your relief and aid you in
your great task.
A great many reasons might be urged why a
reconstruction of these States should take place
at as early a day as practicable, and why no
trifling outside issue that does not legitimately
belong to the subject be permitted to interfere
with a speedy consideration of their return. It
might be argued that the financial condition of
the country, and the large debt that has been
incurred by the Government in successfully
piosecuting the rebellion to a close, imperatively
demanded that some recognized government
should speedily be put ihto operation so as to
realize from that section of the country the full
amount of revenue that can be obtained from
its produ etions. It is confidently expected that
a very' large income by the way of revenue can
bo had from'cotton alone, and that, too, legiti-
mately. without imposing an enormous tax upon
the article. I notice that some writer, who has
evidently given some attention to this subject,
says:
" The cotton crop of 1850 reached 5,198,077 hales of
ginned cotton, of 400 pounds each. The crop of 1S65,
is estimated at 2,100,000 bales. It is fair to estimate
; the crop of 1806, ut2,750.000 bales, aslaborhasbeeorne
! better organized, and the extreme high prices will
! greatly stimulate production. The average export is
' about three fourths of the ciop. Allow that 2,000,000
j bales of the crop of 1806 will bo exported; ten cents
per pound on this amount will give to the Govern-
ment. ^80,000,000. The production for 1807 will reach
0,500,000 bales, of winch, at the ratio of export above
| named, 2,6-5.000 bales will be exported, yielding to the
; Treasury $105,000.000. The product of 1808 will prob-
] ably amount to 4.">09,000 bales, the export of which
j w;'\ be about 8.375.000b'iles, and the tax would yield
; $135,000,001); making a total levenue from the crops
j of the three years 1800, 1807, and 1868, of $.'ij0,000,000."
j This calculation is based upon the supposi-
j tion that the Constitution will bo so amended
| as to permit exports from the States to be taxed.
! But without any change in the fundamental law,
j I see no reason why a tax cannot as readily be
i placed upon cotton as it can be upon whisky
| and tobacco, or any other article of produce, as
! is now done.
| There is another consideration that should be
I taken into the account that ought to have great
I weight in urging an early settlement of the dif-
, Acuities that exist between the late rebellious
States and the General Government. It is this:
the whole course of internal trade is partially
checked, the avenues through which commerce
between the States formerly flowed are unpro-
tected, and there is a lack of confidence ex-
isting between the two sections of the country.
Restore the State governments at an early day
and it will naturally bring together the citizens
of the different sections, and the enmity and ill
feeling that now exists will in a great measure
die out; trade, which is the life's blood of the
nation, will pursue its wonted course and the
people will soon feel again as one people of a
great nation, whose interests are identical (sla-
very having been removed) and whose future
destiny depends upon the Union of the States.
But, Mr. Speaker, I know that some gentle-
men upon this floor, and men, too, in whose
opinions I have confidence, talk as though be-
fore anything shouldbe done toward reconstruc-
tion that the people, or at least a large major-
ity of them, should do some kind of penance,
should humble themselves aud acknowledge in
some public way their manifold transgressions.
I will admit that they have been, and are, great
sinners, and it requires a great deal of magna-
nimity to look upon them with any degree of
allowance, yet human nature is the same now
that it has been for ages. You may induce love
by kind treatment, but never by forces
Now, sir, I do not wish to be understood that
I am ready, without any further legislation, to
fully recognize these States, and indiscrimi-
nately admit their Representatives to this floor.
I only take the position that whatever is done,
and well done, should be recognized as far as
it goes, and serve as a means to assist in a
speedy reorganization and as an encourage-
ment to those loyal men who are making every
effort in their power to regenerate their States
and blot from them the stain of treason, and
presentthem, as purified by fire, to their proper
places in the galaxy of States that make up this
Union.
In order to justice, and settling conclusively
forever the basis of representation, it would be
right to require those States lately in rebellion
to adopt the amendment to the Constitution
recently passed this House, excluding persons
prohibited from the exorcise of the elective
franchise from forming a part of the basis of
representation. This provision is a fair one,
and it seems to me that no proper objection
can be raised against it. The States are left
at perfect liberty to say who shall be voters and
who shall not, and the greatest stickler for the
exploded doctrine of State rights ought not to
take exceptions to it.
This amendment being adopted, and the
necessary laws passed by Congress to secure to
" the citizens of each State all the privileges and
immunities of cilizcns of the several States,"
and to guaranty alike in the several States all
the rights of person and properly upon an equal-
ity, and securing access to the United States
courts to vindicate those rights, where the States
fail to make laws for the protection of all alike,
and their courts of justice shut against any
class of its citizens, T can see no good reason
in keeping them any longer out of represen-
tation here. It cannot be possible that any
member of this Congress can long expect to
keep these people in their present relation to
the Government. We have got to live with
them, and all that we should ask isa'sure guar-
antee for the future. The •' iron-clad oath,"
that members are required to take before they
get seats in this House, is a bulwark against
traitors, and no disloyal man can pollute these
Halls with his impious feet as long as that
remains on the statute-book, and I think no
man or political party dare suggest its repeal
for years to come. Should any of these States
send men here who cannot comply with the
requirements of that oath, send "them back
again, and continue sending them back until
you reach the loyal element, and find men who
never bowed the knee to the false god of seces-
sion. Let every district ill each State stand on
its own merits. If but one man who has kept
i his hands clear of-the blood of the martyrs of
