1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87$
the country can be found, let him come in and
represent the con,-^tituency that sends him here.
By pui&uing a comse of this kind it will not
be many years bef'uie all this bitterness, hatred,
and revenge that is now manifested in portions
of this Republic will be forever gone, and this
great nation will once more be united in a
stronger bond of Union than ever before.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a few words in regard to
the State of Tennessee. I think that State sus-
tains to this Government, a different relation
from those of tlie other southern States. She
kept a part of lier delegation in Congress for
two years or more after the rebellion was or-
ganized : and before that relation was broken
off Andrew Johnson was appointed by Mr.
Lincoln as provisional governor for the State.
And even before the rebellion ceased an elec-
tion for delegates to a convention of the loyal
people was had for the purpose of framing a
State constitution. That convention assembled
and framed a constitution in which involuntary
servitude is forever forbidden, and it has been
submitted to the loyal inhabitants and by them
ratified. A State government has been organ-
ized under that constitution, and the people
have elected officers to fill the necessary posi-
tions in order to carry it into full operation.
All this was done while .y et the din ot battle
was heard within her borders, and her gallant
sons were defending the old flag and their newly-
organized State government. I presume no one
will say that that constitution is not republican
in formthat it does not fill the requirements
of tlie law.
Now, sir, I am in favor of admitting all the
Representatives from that State to seats upon
this floor wdio can take the required oath. _ It
is said by some, as an objection to admitting
these men, that the vote in the several districts
was light, indicating but little loyalty there.
That may be so, but I hold that whatever loy-
alty is tiiere should be heard, that the leaven
of loyalty that has been hid in her mountains,
if encouraged, will in a short time leaven the
whole people. Again, I do not think that the
argument based upon a small vote would be
considered a good one if applied to any of us
who hold seats here. Suppose that there are
sixteen thousand voters in my district, and but
one half of that number should turn out to the
election, would any man here pretend to say
that in consequence of so small a vote that J
would not be entitled to my seat ? I think none
would take that position. Let us admit Ten-
nessee. and prove to the people of the southern
States that we are not governed bv any fac-
tious spirit, that the whole purpose of the Gov-
ernment is to restore each and all of these
Stales to their proper poaition in the Lnion so
soon as the rights of all the inhabitants are
protected and a sufficient degree of loyalty is
manifested by their people. This step taken,
if will not be long before all the ' ■' erring sisters
will again be united in the bonds of peace and
unity "with the loyal States, and then we can
oneemore adopt the hmguageofNcw England's
groat sto.tcsrfliin.. * * 1 li(i L. nion, now oiid foi**
ever, one and inseparable. '
And then, on motion of Mr. COOK, the
House <at eight o'clock and forty mmutes
p, m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 16, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. "William Adams, D. D., of
New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
i:xi:outivk co\nnTNTfiATiox.
The PRESIDENT pro tnnporr laid before
the Senate a communication trom the Attorney
General, transmitting, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate of January 17, information rela-
tive to the* case of the Coiled States r*. The
city of San Fraiieiseo , which was ordeied to
lie on the table, anil be printed.
I'ii'm'lON'S ano me'tfoktatif.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 present the petition of
Albert G rccn leaf, who represents that from j
the tiHd of December, 1854, until ths 30th of i
March, 1833, he was the Navy agent at Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, and in that;
capacity was instructed by his superior officergj
to pay out certain moneys to seamen belonging I
to the United States service ; that such service ]
was not contemplated by the law under which j
lie was appointed; that his predecessors in j
office have been allowed a percentage upon!
the amount that they paid out under similar!
circumstances ; and he claims an allowance by
Congress for services of that description ren-
dered by him. I move its reference to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. IIOWAIID. I present the memorial of
one hundred and seventy-five citizens of Alex-
andria, Virginia, in favor of the establishment
of a territorial government for that State ; and
as the memorial is short, I ask the indulgence
of the Senate while I read it. It expresses the
opinions oi the signers more clearly and dis-
tinctly than I should be able to do :
To the honorable. Senate and
Howe of JieprcieiUo.tiDvti In Congress assembled:
Wo, the undersigned, citizens of the United States,
residing in Virginia, respectfully represent that, as
soon as the military power of the nation had con-
quered the country i>o lonjj held by the confederated ;
rebels*, which included "Virginia, the same traitors,
who had set a price upon the heads of many of us'
because we were Union men, who were implicated in
the murder of our neighbors for theeamereason, and
had de.-troyed by starvation and other cruelties thou-
sands of national soldiers, pot-se^cd themselves oi
the political control of afiaiin withm that poition of
the lately conquered temtory known as Virginia,!
andtiifir Legislature now assumes to make laws bind- >
ing upon the people. j
One of the acts proposed, or already passed by that '<
Legislature, provides tor taxing the people of Vir- I
trinia to pension the widow of Stonewall Jackson. ,
Others aim to disfranchise loyal men by ie<iuirins? a '
residence in Virginia of live years, as a qualification ,
forvotme. Others are intended to deg/ade and hu- \
miliate the colored population, to deprive them of.
the benefits of their freedom, and to subject them to |
the power ot the whites by means of unjust and intol- |
erably oppressive vagrant laws, and others, passed to 1
satisiy the positive requirements of the national <io\ -.
eminent, ostensibly allow coioicd persons the riarht :
to testitv in ca-es to which such persons arc parties, |
but give even justices oi the peace the power to decide,;
arbitrary and peiesuptuiily, upon the ci edibility oi
such testimony, and to oxclude itlioin the jury, -with-
out appeal from Mich decision,
The oniv comment on the above measures that is
needed iri contained in the fact that the body which
is about to enact them into laws received with great
applau«e, only a few dnys since, a suggestion from its
presiding o^ic-er thai. Hubert L. Lee should be made
Governor of Virginia. Meanwhile 1 he majority of the
people who were lately in open rebellion are not be-
hind their Legislature in respect to disloyal conduct.
Then feeling toward the Government of the TJnited
are well illustrated by their demeanor toward
its friemK They are preparing new indignities lof
their lovul neighbors, and ha\ e in an organ.zed and
oilnnal capacity, through the medium ot iheir so-
called courts of justice, already gone so far that the :
Lieutenant General of our Army has been obliged to ■
interfere and proinbit the execution ot the decrees oi
these corn ts dining such time as the military jH wer
of the Government may extend to us its protection, j
Thcv have, with entire unanimity, excluded Union I
men from all participation in the manngomentof the ,
so-callcd ^categovernment. and arc even threatening ;
to call a State convention forthc purpose of removing i
its executive head, who has at length arrived at a'
point whore he seems disposed to act more firmly m J
dcahnor with these dangerous men. They assumothat.
they have done no wrotis, but acted nobly and lion- :
ovablv in rebelling against the Government of the;
! United vStates, and, still wearing their confederate i
■ uniform, thev demand, as a right, admission at Wash- '
! inirton to a full participation with loyal men m the;
' control of the G-enoial Government. j
i Finally, were anvthing moie needed to exhibit tiic :
! «tute of feeling 011 the part of the people of \ irgima, ;
1 we r.-fvrto the report of Major General Carl hchur/. :
i to President Johnson, as being a correct and truth- ;
1 ful description oi it in every paituular. -Nor has the ;
i Government of the United vStat^ been an icLe .pee- ,
! tat or of ail tlie-e things since the surrender of tnc 1
1 mihtarv torce< of the rebellion. A part ot Us Aimy,
j which for five 3 ears pa-t has been empU  ed 111 sub- ■
, duiug rebellion in the field, U new employed ro sn b-
' dnincc rebellion in the so-called "Legi-lature^ol , ir-
• prima," and its presence among us n called for only
by the notorious disloyalty ot tnese people, who are
so anxious to be admitted to the rights .'Hid pm lieges
|i of State government. . .
The moment the military power is with drawn tjom
among' us :iti'l the loyal men ot A lrgnna are iett to
the protection ot the so-called " State government,
their only safety will ho in immediate higat.
Sui'h beiii^ the l.icts, wercpeetiulb icpresent that
pioven ;'I1 utter tailure, and our only hope lies in a
territorial government, ittidcr the immediate control
of the national Administration.''
Wi: therefore pray your honorable bodies to set
aside the government of which Francis H. Peirpoint,
is the head, and to establish in its pluee a territorial
organization.
I present also eleven other petitions of citi-
zens of Accotink, Fairfax county; Woodlawn,
Occoquan, Prince William county, and other
portions of Virginia, of like impoit with the
one which I have just read. I move their ref-
erence to the joint committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mv. WILSON presented the petition of Ralph
Crooker, and others, citizens of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, praying for an increase of the duties
on foreign imports so as to encourage American
industry; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Jose Serafin llaniires y Casanoba. a citizen of
the Territory of New Mexico, praying for the
passage of an act confirming to him the grant
of land known as the Canon del Atina, in the
county of Santa Fe; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Air. RIDDLE. I present two memorials from
citizens of Jefferson county, Virginia, praying
Congress to withhold its assent to the proposed
annexation of Jefferson county to West Arh--
ginia, or, should Congress deem it advisable, in
order to obtain beyond all doubt the real desire
of the people of that county on the subject, to
refer the matter of the transfer to a vote of the
people of said county, taken, as would be their
right in such case, under the laws of the State of
Virginia. As the chairman of the Committee
on Territories lias just informed me that the
House bill on this subject has been reported to
the Senate, and as twelve hundred ofthe thirteen
hundred voters of J efferson county have already
petitioned against this proposed transfer, I wish
to add fifty more petitioners to the list,, and let
these lie on the table along with the other peti-
tions on the same subject.
The PRESJ DENT pro tempore. That order
will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for a reduction of the tax
on the sale of agricultural implements ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of Char-
lotte F. Buckner, praying that duplicate bonds
may be issued to her in lieu of bonds stolen
from the banking house of Winn & Simpson, at
Winchester, Kentucky, by rebel soldiers on the
1st of May j LSfil; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
me. baxcroet's oration.
Mr. FOOT. In pursuance of the concurrent
resolutions of the two Houses of Congress
adopted on tlie 12th instant, the chairmen ofthe
joint committee of arrangements on the ^me-
morial exeicises of the late President of the
United States, Abraham Lincoln, have placed
a certified copy of said concurrent resolutions
in the hands of Hon. George Bancroft, and
have requested of him a eojry of his address on
the occasion referred to for publication, as
will appear from the following correspondence;
which I move be read, laid upon the table, and
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The let-
ters will be read, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read, as follows:
The Oipitol.
Washington, rdirvary 13,1806.
Sir.: We have the honor to present to you an offi-
cial «onv of two concurrent resolutions adopted by~
the Fen'a'te and Mouse of Koprcuntatives on the 12th
ins^-int. expressing the thanks ot Congress tor the ap-
propriate memorial achlre>s delivered by you on the
hie and services of Abraham Lincoln, late President
of the United States, and insrr.icting us to request
from von a copy of the address foi publication.
Having shared the high gratification of hearing the
addiei-s, we take pleasure, in accordance with the sec-
ond of the oononrrent resolutions, in iei|uesfing you
to furnish a copy of the address for publn ation.
"We have the honor to bo, with \erj great respect,
your obedient servants, g()L0M0Jf
Chairman <j,i ihr.jyart of the senate.
E. B. WASBBURXE,
on ihojo-i't of the House.
To Hon. George Baxcroit.
