874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Washington-, D. C., February 11,1S00.
(?EKTt,EM)es: I have received your letter of yester-
day and a copy of the two concurrent resolutions of
Congress to which you refer. Thethanksof the Senate
and House of Representatives, for the performance of
the duty assigned me, I value as a very distinguished
honor, and I shall cheerfully furnish a copy of the
address for publication.
I remain, gentlemen, very sincerely yours,
GEOflSE BANCROFT.
Hon. Solojkw Foot,
Chairman on the part of the Senate.
Hon. E. B. WASHEtfBNE,
Chairman on the part of the House.
•' ' REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on .Claims,
to whom was referred the report of the Court
of Claims in favor of the claim of Sarah Weed,
reported adversely thereon.
■ Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Jerome B. Pillow, praying for compensation
for cotton alleged to have been taken and
appropriated by the officer in command of the
United States forces at Helena, Arkansas, on or
about the 12th of July, 1862, submitted an ad-
verse report: which was ordered to be printed.
.-Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 90) enlarging the powers of the levy
court of the county of Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. KIRKWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 87) making a grant of lands in alternate
sections to aid in the construction and exten-
sion of the Iron Mountain railroad from Pilot
Knob, iu the State of Missouri, to Helena, in
Arkansas, reported it with amendments.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (II.
R. No. 184) to authorize the sale of marine
hospitals and revenue cutters, reported it with-
out amendment.
THOMAS F. WILSON.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of
Thomas P. Wilson, United States consul at
Bahia, Brazil, praying for compensation for
losses sustained by him in consequence of his
being compelled to abando,n the consulate by
the action of the Brazilian Government, have
directed me to report a bill for his relief, and
I will ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
to consider the bill at this time. It will lead to
no discussion, and I can explain it in one mo-
ment.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 140)
for the relief of Thomas P. Wilson, late United
States consul at Bahia, Brazil, was read twice
by its title, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay him $1,500 in full compensa-
tion for the Joss of his personal effects in con-
sequence of being compelled to abandon his
consulate and residence at the time of the cap-
ture of the pirate Florida at Bahia.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HARRIS. I should like to hear some
explanation of this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will give "an explana-
tion if any Senator desires it. This Mr. Wilson
was consul at Bahia at the time the pirate
Florida was cut out by the Waehusett. He was
on board the Waehusett when the capture took
place, and in consequence of the Waehusett
being fired upon by the Brazilian fleet, he was
carried out to sea, and that night a mob assem-
bled and destroyed his residence, his library,
his personal effects, and his clothing, all of
which amounted to some fifteen or seventeen
hundred dollars. He has never been able to
return to recover anything. The Committee on
Commerce deem it a fair and just and equitable
claim on the Government, and have recom-
mended the passage of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. It occurs to me that this bill
had better have a little further consideration.
If we attempt to pay for the destruction of prop-
erty of citizens of this country done by mobs,
we may find ourselves compelled to pay a great
deal of money from the public Treasury. This
may be simply the entering wedge by which we
shall part with a large slice of the public money.
Mr. CHANDLER. I submit to the Senator
from Iowa that this is the only case of the kind
that ever has occurred, or that probably ever
will occur. This is the only pirate Florida that
was ever cut out of a foreign port and taken off
the high seas frhile she was destroying our ship-
ping by millions of dollars. This consul proved
himself to be brave, energetic, active, prompt,
the man for the place. He did his whole duty,
in my judgment. 1 was notgoingtosay a word
in explanation of it, because the bill almost
explains itself, and I hoped it would pass unan-
imously. I hope now that it will.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there any report accom-
panying this bill?
Mr. CHANDLER. I have made the report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no written report, the Chair understands.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me, when we are
going to establish a precedent as important as
this may be, that we should have at least a writ-
ten report, so that the specific facts may be put
upon the record that we msty know when we
are to depart from it in the future and when we
ought in strictness to adhere to it. I do not
like to vote iu favor of the passage of such a
bill as this. I do not know what the particular
facts arc. I understand the general facts as
stated by the Senator from Michigan. Those
general facts might compel us to pay for the
destruction done by mobs in Washington or
Baltimore or New York or elsewhere.
Mr. CLARK. I think the Senate should be
very careful indeed before they establish a prece-
dent like this. It is said by the Senator from
Michigan that this is probably the only ease of
the kind that will ever occur, but I think that I
could state to him a great many analogous cases.
Let me state to him one now. A woman in the
vicinity of Norfolk had a place called Ocean
View, three or four years ago, at the time Nor-
folk was taken. She gave to the Union com-
mander very important information which led
to the capture of Norfolk. The nextdayortwo
the rebels burned her house down and destroyed
the house and everything there was in it, and
she was turned out of doors with six little
children. * She makes her application now to
Congress to pay for that property which the
rebels destroyed. That was but an armed mob.
Can we do it? The committee would be very
glad to see the ground on which they can go,
but they have not been able to discover it.
They are considering anxiously whether they
can or not. It seems to me that is an analogous
case. I think we had better not set such a
precedent as this hastily. There may be merit
in it. but before we pass this bill and make a
precedent, let us be sure that we get upon a
ground upon which we can stand and which will
cover all these cases. I do not know that I
shall be opposed to this bill in the end, but we
certainly do want a little more time for consid-
eration in regard to it. I hope it will not pass
at the present time, and I suggest to the Sen-
ator that he had better let it lie over.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not desire to press
it if Senators wish to examine it. I think' it is
a perfectly clear case. I will let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
■vs ill be laid aside.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 147) to modify the act entitled "An act to
prevent the spread of foreign diseases among
the cattle of the United States:" which was
! read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. DIXON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
148) to prevent the perversion of the mails to
fraudulent and illegal purposes; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. DIXON. This bill involves some legal
questions which will ultimately require the
revision and examination of the Committee on
the Judiciary, but I now move that it be referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and that the bill, with certain papers
which I present with it, be printed. .
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. II. No. 3,1) manifesting the sense
of Congress toward the officers and seamen of
the vessels, and others, engaged in the rescue
of the officers and soldiers of the Army, the
passengers, and the officers and crew of the
steamship San Francisco from perishing with
the wreck of that vessel; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
MARY 0. HAMILTON.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There are two or
three pension bills which can be passed with-
out the slightest opposition in five minutes, and
they may as well be disposed of. I move to fake
up Senate bill No. 56, for the relief of Mary
C. Hamilton.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. GO) granting a pension to Mary C. Ham-
ilton, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Mrs. Mary C. Ham-
ilton on the pension rolls, at the same rate of
pension allowed her under the act passed for
her benefit, and approved June 8, 1858, pay-
ment to commence from and after the expira-
tion of the term created by that act, and to eon-
t in ue for and during the term of her natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SABA II FITZGIBBON".
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I now move that
the Senate take up the bill No. 82.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 82) granting a pen&ion to Sarah Fitzgib-
bon was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. Its purpose is to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Sarah Fitzgibbon, widow of Thomas C.
Fitzgibbon, late major of the fourteenth Michi-
gan volunteer infantry, upon the pension rolls,
at twenty-five dollars per month from the 1st
day of May, 1805, subject to the limitations and
restrictions now imposed by existing pension
laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time, and passed.
PENSIONS TO ARTIFICERS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I now move to take
up Senate bill No. 110.
The motion was agreed to : and the bill (S.
No. 110) to extend the benefit of the pension
laws to artificers was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that all persons either mustered or
detailed as artificers in any branch of the ser-
vice of the United States shall be placed upon
the pension rolls, under the same limitations
and requirements as privates now are under the
present pension laws—eight dollars per month.
The bill w«s reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
that explained.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The object is just
this: the Commissioner of Pensions has deter-
mined by a decision that artificers in the ser-
vice are not entitled to pensions. This bill only
provides that those who are mustered in as sol-
diers or artificers and are afterward detailed
and killed in the service pliall be entitled to
pensions. Under the law as it existed hereto-
fore. an artillery regiment was entitled to, for
instance, a blacksmith, who was called an ar-
tificer: and if he is killed in service, this bill
embraces him. That is the whole of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Was he a soldier?
