1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
Mr. LAKE, of Indiana. He must be an
enlisted soldier before the bill can applyto him.
Air. 1'ESSEXDEX, I should like to have
the bill read again.
The Secietary again read it.
Mr. 110 WE. I should like to inquire of the
chaiunan of the Committee oil Pensions whether
there is any objection to amending the bill by
inserting "wagoners" after "artificers."
LI]1. LAME, of Indiana. Yes, sir, there is
great objection. \\ agoners are not-mustered
into the service as soldiers at all ; they are in
under contract, and we thought wo could not
provide for wagoners. We had that question
up. These are soldiers mustered or detailed
as artificers; they fall within the spirit of the
law but not within its letter, and we think they
ought to be embraced, but we think great ob-
jection would apply to making wagoners pen-
sioners. They were in under contract, and were
not soldiers.
Mr. HOWE. I think they were enlisted un-
der the act of 1801. The act provides for en-
listing them, one to each company, I think,
as wagoners. They are subject to the same
discipline, the same obligations as other pri-
vates, and receive the same pay, I think, but I
am not certain about the pay. The Commis-
sioner has expressed to me precisely the same
opinion about wagoners as is now stated to be
his opinion as to artificers.
Mr. LAXE, of Indiana. The committee had
the whole subject under consideration, and
though: it better not to embarrass this bill by
anypio\iMon on that point. The committee
thought this bill was clear as far as it went, and
ought not to be embarrassed with other ques-
tions. Wagoners stand in a different relation
from artificers. The quartermaster's depart-
ment has been in the habit of hiring hundreds
of wagoners who ran all these risks and were
not soldiers. 'There may have been some sol-
diers who were detailed as wagoners, and prob-
ably they ought to be embraced, but 1 am
clearly of opinion that any provision on that
subject should not be attached to litis bill. As
far as the bill goes it raises no new question
under the pension laws.
Mr. HOWE. But do I not understand that
this bill provides for artificers enlisted and not
detailed
Mr. LAXE, of Indiana. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Now, if "wagoners" be in-
serted in this bill after the word "artificers."
it would not cover the case of wagoners who
are employed by quartermasters on wages, but
it would only apply to enlisted wagoners.
31 r. LANE, of' Indiana. I do not know
that there would be any objection to that, but
I should prefer to have the committee look
into the matter, because they once determined
against including wagoners, and I should not
like to decide the question in the Senate on
the mere offering of an amendment here.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. The principle has al-
ways been against allowing pensions for ser-
vices not stricily military, and if we once depart
from this principle there is no knowing where
we should end. It may be that these persons
come under t-ome military division. If so,
there would perhaps be no objection to includ-
ing them within the pension laws; but the prop-
osition ought to be very carefully examined.
If we once begin to give pensions to any class
not strictly military, there is no knowing where
it will end.
Mr. 110 WE. f!ut the Senator will allow me
to say ihat Congress lias already made these
sen ices strictly military, because it has pro-
vided for enlisting one wagoner to each com-
pany.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. But I should like to
have the matter examined by a committee, that
we mav see exactly how the ease stand'.
Mr. HOWE. It is so much more convenient
to include the ease in this bill, that I wish the
Senator from Indiana would take it into con-
sideration.
Mr. LAXE. of Indiana. There were a few
enlisted men detailed as wagoners trom spe-
cial regiments during the war, but to every one
such there were twenty who were never detailed
at all, but simply hired by the quartermaster's
department. I think we ought to have a sep-
arate bill if we intend to include wagoners.
Mr. IIOWE. 'The Senator does not under-
stand me. I am only talking of those who were
enlisted and mustered in as wagoners, instead
of being mustered in as privates.
Mr. LAXE, of Indiana. 1 should greatly
prefer to have the committee look into the whole
matter, and bringin a bill to cover the case, if
it is to be provided for, because to insert the
term of " wagoners'' here may perhaps include
forty thousand persons employed during the
war.
Mr. HOWE. It will cover just one to each
company.
Mr. LAXE, of Indiana. One in each com-
pany of infantry was enlisted under a certain
law, but in addition to that the quartermasters
have been in the habit of hiring as many wag-
oners as they chose, for transportation. Why
make a distinction?
Mr. HOWE. I am trying to make the Sen-
ator understand that if the word wagoners is
introduced here it will only cover the cases of
those who are enlisted and mustered. It would
not cover the case of wagoners employed by
the quartermaster's department. The law pro-
vided for enlisting one wagoner to eacli com-
pany. They have been enlisted and have been
mustered; but the Commissioner of Pensions
holds that inasmuch as wagoners are not named
specifically in the pension laws, therefore he
cannot grant them pensions. But they are
subject to the same discipline, subject to the
same exposures, to the same accidents, and to
the same sufferings, and incur the same disa-
bilities as private soldiers, and they have the
same claim on the gratitude and support of the
Government. However, I cannot hope to force
tiiis amendment on the bill against the opposi-
tion of the chairman of the committee. I wish
he would consent to allow the bill to lie over
that this question may be considered. I am
satisfied that if he did consider it, he would
consent to put in here the provision that I have
suggested.
Mr. LAXE, of Indiana. In order to make
this matter a little more certain, I move to
amend the bill by inserting in the third line,
before the word "detailed." the words "hav-
ing been mustered shall have been;" so as to
read:
Alt persons cither mustered or having been mus-
tered shall have been detailed as artificers, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the time and passed.
ADJOniKMlIN'C TO 110XDAV.
On motion of Mr. TLUMBULL. it was
Otclcied, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it
bo to meet on Monday next.
COUiiT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take tip the
bill in reference to the Court of Claims, which
was under discussion the other day.
The motion was agreed to . an J the considera-
tion of the bill (S. Xo. 83) in relation to the
Court of Claims was resumed as in Committee
of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and or-
; dered to be engrossed for a third reading: it
!; was read the third time, and passed,
j JAMES UAIVBTX.
|i On motion of Mr. 11ARRIS. the bill (S. Xo.
|! 142) for the relief of James Bawdin was read
j! the second time, and considered as in Commit-
. tee of the Whole,
!| On payment to the United States of SI 25
I per acre therefor.it is provided that the Com- !
i: missioner of the General Land Office shall
cause a. patent to be issued to James Bawdin
!' for that tract of land lying and being at Eagle
j Harbor, on Lake Superior, situate upon the
II north part of section number six, m township
!1 number fifty-eight north, of range number thirty
■ west, in the Sault Ste. Marie land district. State
of Michigan, containing about six and fifty-tour
hundredths acres of land, being all that part of
the lands known as the light-house reservation
at Eagle Harbor, which lies east of the dotted
line marked "S, 86° 4-V E. 32.76 chains," as
shown on the plat of "Bawdin's survey" of
the reservation in the office of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, except so
much of the lands as may be required for the
use of a road four rods wide, from the light-
house across the six and fifty-four hundredths
acres to the waters of the harbor, as the same
is now laid out and used for that purpose. The
act, however, is only to be construed to be a
relinquishment of the title of the United States,
and is not to interfere with the rights of third
persons.
Mr. HARRIS. Since this bill was reported
I have ascertained that the petitioner has died.
I move therefore to amend the bill by inserting
before the name of the party the words " the
heirs of."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time, and
passed. Its title was amended to read, " A bill
for the relief of the heirs of James Bawdin."
INTERNATIONAL OCEAN TKLEGHAPII.
On motion of Mr. CHAXDLER, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. Xo. 26) granting to the
International Ocean Telegraph Company the
right and privilege to establish telegraphic
communication between the city of New York
and the West India islands.
The bill, which had been referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, was reported by that com-
mittee with an amendment, to strike out all of
the original bill and to insert the following in
lieu of it:
Whcrea:.- James A. Serymser, Alfred Pell, jr., Alex-
ander Hamilton, jr., Oliver K. Kim', Maturm L. Det-
ail eld, William I'. Smith, and James M. Dieses, their
associates, successors, and assigns, personscomposin;?
the International Ocean Telegraph Company. a,n in-
corporated company chartered by the State of New
Y on:, are desirous of establishing a line of submarine
telegraphic communication between the United States
of America and the West India islands and tlic Ba-
hamas: Now, therefore, m order to facilitate the said
enterprise,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tivei of the. United States of America in Congress as-
snabled, That the said International Ocean Telegraph
Company, incorporated under the laws of the State
of New York, their successors and assigns, shall havo
the sole privilege for a period of twenty-five years,
to lay, construct, land, maintain, and update tele-
graphic or magnetic lines or cabtes m and over the
waters, reefs, islands, shores, and lands, over which
the United States have jurisdiction, iiom the said
limited States to theislands of Cuba and the Bahamas,
either or both, and other AY est India islands.
Sf.c. '2. And he it further rnaeted, That the'said In-
ternational Ocean Telegraph Oompam, tbcii suc-
cessors and assigns, be authorized and empowered
to import, free of duty, all material, manufactured
or unmanufactured, necessary only tor the construc-
tion, laying, and erection of said submarine cable or
cables: Provided ahruw*. That thcsaid International
Ocean Telegraph Company shall, at all times during
a state of war. give the United States the free use of
said cable or cables, to a telegraphic t.perator of its
own selection, to transmit an> messages to and from
its military, naval, and diplomatic agents: And. pro-
vided further. That tile said International Ocoan
Telegraph Company shall, within the period of five
years from the passage of this aet, cause the said sub-
marine telegraphic cable or cables to be laid down,
and that the said cable or cables shall be m successful
operation for the fransuiissionot messageawithmtho
said period of iive years; otherwise, this grant to be
null and i oid.
Sec. 3. And he it further emited. That Congress
shall have power, at any time, to alter or repeal the
foregoing act.
Mr. SHE 11 MAX. T think that this is too im-
portant a bill t.o be passed at this time when the
morning hour is just expiring. I move that it
be postponed.
The PRESIDING OFFICEIUMr.PoMEROY
in the chair.) It is the duty of the Chair to
announce that the morning hour has expired,
and to call up the special order for one o'clock.
Mr. CIIAXDLER. I suggest that the vote
be taken on this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to read fhe bill; it
proposes to remit ditties and to give ail exclu-
sive right to certain individuals.
Mr. CHAXDLER. Do I understand the
