-876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Senator as desiring further time for exami-
nation?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; let the bill
go over.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order is the joint resolution (H. R. No. 51) pro-
posing to amend the Constitution of the United
States, upon which the Senator from Indiana is
entitled to the floor.
" Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, it has
Jjeea the boast of the people of the United
States that they are in the enjoyment of consti-
tutional liberty, not liberty depending upon the
Will and pleasure of any man, but a liberty that
is secured by the fact that the powers of the
Government are defined and limited, and that
the rights and privileges of the people are well
secured. Our Constitution was made by men
eminently qualified for the work. No one now
questions that. The American people have
been very fortunate in that regard. As patri-
otic, as pure, as intelligent, and able statesmen
as ever united in the performance of any labor
for their country were the men who made the
Constitution of the United States. The time
was auspicious. The war of the Revolution had
just closed, and the people of the different States
or colonies had become firmly united and ce-
mented by the circumstances of that war. There
was no sectionalism in 1789, but the men of
South Carolina loved the men of Massachusetts
as they loved the men of Virginia. Seven years
of war had passed over the country and the men
of every section had mingled in that war. The
soldier of Virginia had been associated with the
soldier from Massachusetts; they had dwelt
under the same tent together; they had shared
the hardships of the field, the dangers upon the
rough edge of the battle; their comrades had
fallen together and slept in a common grave.
The glories of that war were common to all.
They did not belong to Virginia alone or to
Massachusetts alone, but all had shared in com-
mon perils for a common purpose and had
achieved a common glory and a common good.
Under those circumstances our lathers met to
frame a Government for the people; and for
three quarters of a century we thought they had
framed the best Government it was possible for
the intelligence of man to devise, a Govern-
ment adjusting the interests of the different
sections so as that there could be no discord,
leaving to the States the management and con-
trol of all domestic matters, and giving to the
Federal Government the control of those gen-
eral questions that affected all the people.
Under that Government for three quarters of
a century we lived and prospered, we prospered
as no people had prospered, we grew in wealth
and in population beyond all parallel.
A war came in 1801 upon the country again,
the most unfortunate that can befall any peo-
ple; and now, after a war not against a com-
mon enemy, but at the close of a war between
different sections of this country, in which the
men of the North have been arrayed in battle j
against the men of the South, when we have
learned to hate one another as no people have
ever hated, we now propose to amend the Con-
stitution. I appeal to Senators to inquire of
their own judgments and hearts and say to the
country, are you now in the right spirit to change
the fundamental law of the land? Eleven Slates
are absent from our councils: the}'are not here
to be heard. We say they shall not come in,
and we, the men of the North, propose to make
a Government for the whole country. We,
without the hearing, without the counsel of the
men of the South, propose to make a Govern-
ment which they shall respect and obey. Are j
the circumstaoces favorable to this work? How (
different from tlie circumstances that surrounded j
our fathers when they made the Government!
Peace then, peace now; but peace then after a
war which had united the people; peace now !
after a war which has made such divisions
among us as that you now say eleven States
ought, not to be represented in Congress.
in, sir, the fact that thetfe is such a desire
to change the Constitution should' admonish us
that we ought uot to attempt the work. I un-
derstand that there are seventy jiropositions'to
amend the Constitution. In this Hall there
have been two or three upon the same subject-
matter, two or three amendments that we shall
not pay a debt of the South which the South
itself has repudiated, which can never accord-
ing to the terms of the debt itself become due.
And covering nearly the entire instrument
propositions for amendment are made.
I was once, when quite a young man, a mem-
ber of the Legislature of my State, and nothing
struck me as a greater curiosity than the fact
that upon' certain questions there was a great
desire to offer propositions and bills, and espe-
cially the estray laws, the road laws, and the
school laws. Members from different parts of
the State seemed to make a race of speed which
should succeed in first getting his proposition
before the body. Such a spectacle we to-day
witness in regard to the Constitution of our
country. It seems to be a race among Senators
and Representatives who shall offer the greatest
number of amendments to the Constitution of
the country. I do not expect to vote for the
proposition that is now before us or any other
that may be made. In some regards I think
the Constitution could be improved, but I would
not propose any amendment nor would I vote
for any when I think we are not in a condition
for the work.
This proposition comes from the committee
of fifteen; a committee which was constituted
and the powers of which were defined by this
resolution:
"Resolved, That ajoint committee of fifteen mem-
bers shall bo appointed, nine of whom shall be mem-
bers of the Itou.M: and six members of tlieiSenate, who
shall inquire into the condition of the States -which
formed the so-called confederate States of America,
and report whether they or any of them are entitled
to be represented in either House of Congress; with
leave to report, at any time by bill or otherwise."
Sir, there was one question upon which it was
important that the action of the two Houses
should be uniform, should agree, and that was
in respect to representation. It seemed to be
important that when Senators were admitted
into this body from southern States, Represent-
atives at the same time should be admitted into
the House of Representatives. In other words,
the Senate should not allow representation from
a southern State and the House deny that rep-
resentation to the same State; and therefore it
was understood that there should be a joint
committee on that subject, because it was a
question relating to the organization of both
bodies, and this committee was organized with
a view to reach that question, and that only—
to inquire into the condition of the southern
States, whether they are entitled to representa-
tion; and upon that question to report to the
Senate and to the House either by bill or other-
wise. Sir, the Senate has never said to that
committee that it might inquire into any other
question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask the
Senator if he heard the explanation which I
gave?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did, and I am going
to speak of that. This is an extraordinary
committee to consider just one question, and
that is the question whether the southern States
ought to be represented iu this Hall and in the
Hall at the other end of the Capitol. That
committee has not been authorized by the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives to inquire
into any other subject, as I said. Upon that
subject they may report by bill or otherwise.
How is it that, passing from that subject, the
committee has reported two amendments to the
Constitution upon subjects not referred to them ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is very
much mistaken. Allow me to explain ; I do
not wish to interrupt, the Senator except to ex-
plain. The committee did not take that view
of its powers. To be sure, by-the original res-
olution under which the joint committee was
appointed, the limitation was precisely as the
Senator expresses it; but it was a joint com-
mittee, and the House of Representatives re-
ferred the resolutions originally offered by one
of my colleagues [Mr. Blaise] to that com-
mittee. Now, sir, it is a well-established prin-
ciple in business here, that however a com-
mittee may be raised it can report upon any
subject that is referred to it, for that is a new
commission, so to speak; and that subject being
specifically referred to the committee they un-
derstood that it was their duty to report upon
it; and it being a joint committee, and each
Ho'iise making its reference, the committee
supposed, and I as an individual supposed, that
it was proper or at least competent for the
committee to report to either branch; and it
was thought best to make the report at the
same time to both branches. That is a ques-
tion as to the right or duty of the committee
under the reference, which might be decided
if there was any occasion to decide it. I
make this explanation to show what view the
committee of fifteen took of it. As to the
other report which was made of a joint reso-
lution, allow me to say that it was made spe-
cifically the duty of the committee to inquire
into and report upon that subject by a resolu-
tion which was offered by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Bkown,] and which was adopted
by the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ Mr. President, I un-
derstood the facts precisely as the Senator has
stated them ; and if this were a committee of
the Senate, or exclusively a committee of the
House, his view of the subject would be right
perhaps ; but I suggest to him that if a com-
mittee of this body are to consider of the busi-
ness of this body alone, has a defined jurisdic-
tion, and the body inadvertently refers to that
committee some subject that does not come
within thatjurisdiction.it is the custom of the
committee without consideration of the subject
to report it back to this body that it may go to
the appropriate committee. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, this is not a committee of the Senate ; it
is not a committee of the House; it is a com-
mittee to represent both bodies upon a subject
common to both, not a subject over which there
should bo the separate action of the two bodies,
and therefore the House cannot add to the ju-
risdiction of a joint committee, nor can the
Senate alone add to the jurisdiction. It being
a committee representing- both bodies, origi-
nated by ajoint resolution and its jurisdiction
defined, that jurisdiction can only be enlarged
bv a joint resolution.
"Mr. FESSENDEN. The practice of the
Senate is the other way every day. Take the
case of the Joint Committee on the Library.
Matters are referred by each body to the Library
Committee which are entirely outside of the
Library itself, or anything connected with it;
but being referred by each House to that com-
mittee, which is ajoint committee, a report is
made by bill or otherwise to each branch. I
have been a member of that committee, and
know this to be the every-day practice.
Mr. HENDRTCKS. If that be the every-
day practice of the Senate, to which proposi-
tion I do not agree.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the fact at any rate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that be the practice
of the Senate, it ought now to be abandoned.
Why, sir, does the Constitution establish a
House of Representatives and a Senate, and
declare that the legislative power shall not be-
longtoonebody, but shall belong to two bodies,
acting separately and independently? The pur-
pose of the Constitution is that every important
measure affecting the country shall, before it
becomes a law, receive the consideration of two
Houses separately, each giving its separate at-
tention to the subject. And so far does the
principle on this subject go that we cannot in
debate in this body refer to the doings of the
House of Representatives; we are not allowed
by the rules of the body to refer to the action
of the House; and why? Because it is the
purpose that the action and judgment of the
House shall have no influence upon the Seriate,
nor shall the judgment of the Senate have any
influence upon the House; and the purity of
