1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
879
01 twelve Senators. With nearly three times
the population of New England, we have the
same representation. If those States have this
advantage in this body, is it fair to try to cut off
the representation of agriculture in the other
end of this Capitol? While Indiana has apopu-
lation of 1,1550,428, Rhode Island—a glorious,
gallant little Sta te—has a population of 174,620.
So far as representation in the Senate is con-
cerned, one man in Rhode Island has a voice
and power in the legislation of this country
equal to eight men In Indiana. Taking the en-
tire New England States, one man in New Eng-
land has thejoice and power in legislation in
the Senate of nearly three men in the West. Is
that right, is that just, when you are talking
about equality of representation? I do not
want to change that feature in our Government.
I wish to stand by the State representation as
our fathers established it. I do not want to take
any of the political power from New England
that our fathers agreed she might have. I will
stand by their representation as firmly as they
will, but I do not like that they shall ask to
reduce the representation of the West and
Southwest.
This, then, Mr. President, as I have said, is
a pioposition, first, to perpetuate the rule and
power of a political party; in the second place,
it is a proposition the tendency of which is to
place agriculture under the control and power
of manufactures and commerce forever; and,
in the third place, it is intended. I believe, as
a punishment upon the southern States. Why
will Senators say that the southern States may
give to the colored people the right, to vote and
then they will be fully represented ? Senators
know very well that the southern white people
cannot do that. They know very well that in
two of the southern States, South Carolina and
Mississippi, the colored population islarger than
the white population, and they know that it is
impossible for a white population to remain in
either of those States if you place the colored
man upon a platform of political equality with
the white man. Sir. it is impossible. Instead
of being controlled by white men, those two
States would fall under the control of the col-
ored people. Their Legislatures would be filled
by colored people; Congress would be filled, so
far as Representatives came from those States,
by colored people; and coloied men would be
sent as Senaiois to this body if those States
were foiced to give political power to them.
There is. t h'-n. no propriety in Senators saying
that the southern States can confer the right to
vote upon the colored people. It is impossible
for them to do it. In the condition of their
society it cannot be.
Then this proposition is simply to take from
them a representation upon that portion of
their population, and to adopt, a rule in regard
to them different from the rule that applies to
the people of the North. We have from fif-
teen to twenty Representatives in the House
of Representatives based upon a non-voting
population. The same representation upon a
non-voting black population you propose un-
justly to deny to the South. Then, sir, is it a
punishment? Now that the war is over, now
that the southern people have laid down their
arms, now that they have sought to come again
fully and entirely into the Union, now that they
have pledged their honors and their fortunes
to be true to the Union and to the flag, now
that they have done ail that can be done by a
conquered people, is it light, after a war has
been fought out. for us to take from them their
political equality in this Union for the purpose
of punishment? The Senator trom Maine, the
chairman of the committee, says that the right
to control the suffrage is with the States, but
if the Suites do not choose to do right in re-
spect to it. we propose to punish tliera. "S ou
do not punish New York for not letting the
foreigner vote uniil he resides there a certain
period. You do not punish Indiana because
she will not allow a foreigner to vote until he
lias been in the country a year. These States
are not to be punished" because they regulate
the^ elective franchise according to their sov-
ereign pleasures ; but if any other States see
fit to deny the right of voting to a class that is
peculiarly guarded and taken care of here,
then they are to be punished.
Mr. President, in this idea of punishment I
think 1 may venture to say that Senators do
not reflect the gallant Army that has been re-
cently disbanded. That Army fought in a high
cause, as they thought, and when the enemy fell
down before them as a great Army, they felt
that they should protect them ; and you cannot
find a bold soldier in the North who would take
advantage of his prisoner and punish him. But
we, as a nation, because we have succeeded in
the great controversy, because we have subju-
gated the southern States, because they are
conquered, in the language of some gentlemen,
because they have laid down their arms, now
propose to punish them in a manner unknown
to the law heretofore.
Mr. President, as a punishment this thing
cannot be done without violating the principles
of humanity, as I have said, and the great
principles of the common law, and the prin-
ciple of the Constitution of the United States.
That instrument provides that no ex post facto
li^w shall be passed. That means that no law
shall be passed punishing an act which was
innocent at the time it was done, or punishing
it by penalties not prescribed at the time the
act was done, or punishing it upon less testi-
mony than was required to convict at the time
the act was done.
Now, sir, you say that these people have been
in rebellion, that they have committed a great
crime, which I agree to. How are they to be
punished? They have been punished in that
manner known to nations as the highest punish-
ment that can be inflicted. They have gone
through the battle and they have been defeated.
They come before us as a conquered people;
and this is the punishment, if this is to be re-
garded as a war between belligerents. Do Sen-
ators claim thai prisoners of war taken by one
belligerent from the army of the other can bo
punished because they are prisoners of war?
That is a sentiment of the barbarous ages which,
thank God, has passed forever, so far as Europe
and America are concerned. One reason why
I would like to see Maximilian driven from
American soil is that he violates a sentiment
that every American respects, and puts prison-
ers of war to death.
Now, Mr. President, is it possible that Sena-
tors will say, that in this condition of the coun-
try they are going to change the Constitution
of the United States for the purpose of pun-
ishment or to gratify revenge? Is there such
a sentiment here? If there be one here, there
is not among the soldiers at home, if a sol-
dier were to see a wrong being done to his cap-
tive he would interfere at the risk of his life to
prevent that wrong. Let that sentiment be re-
spected here. Let equality, justice, and right
prevail in our legislation, especially in regard
to amendments of the Constitution which must
stand.
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. "Williams]
spoke yesterday of punishing States. I wish he
were here, sir. That Senator dwells far off,
his land resting upon the peaceful waters of
the Pacific, and intervening mountains cast
their shadow over bin home and the homes of
his people. I presume there is not, a colored
man in that country. If Indiana sees fit in her
sovereign pleasure to deny to the ten or twenty
or thirty thousand negroes in'that State the
right to vote, he, from Oregon, proposes to
punish Indiana! What has he to do with the
suffrage in Indiana? 'A e do not let them vote,
and unless vou compel us to do it, we propose
never to do it: and yet he says there is to be
punishment for it. I do not like that^word
punishment " between States ot this Union.
You have no right to punish a State because it
does that according to its own pleasure which
it has a right to do, If a State, as was admit-
ted by the Senator from Maine, has a right to
control the question of suffrage, no Congress
has a right to control her in the exercise of her
power. But I wish to speak of that in another
connection.
Is this a measure to coerce? On that point
I desire to read what the Senator from Maine
said. First, it is to punish, and in the second
place to coerce, to do indirectly that which you
cannot do directly. Let us sec what the Sena-
tor said:
"But,sir, the great excellence of it"—
That is, this amencjjpent of the Constitution.
I think he might have left off the adjective.
"But, sir, tiie great execilence of it—and I think
it is an excellence—is, that it accomplishes indirectly
what we may not have the power to accomplish di-
rectly."
I presume this is the first time in the Senate
of the United States that a boast was made,
and it was claimed as a virtue for a measure,
thai it accomplished indirectly what could not
be done directly. What the bodj- has not the
power to do directly, we boast we can do indi-
rectly! Let me read the rest of the Senator's
sentence, and you will see what he means:
" If we cannot put into the Constitution, owing to
existing prejudices anil existing institutions, an en-
tire exclusion of all class distinctions, the next ques-
tion is, can we accomplish tiiat work in any other
was-?''
Why can you not put it in the Constitution
directly,as the Senator from Missouri [Mr.Hen-
derson] proposes to do? As much as I dislike
his measure, I like it for its boldness and its
frankness ; and all men, when they come to re-
flect a little about it, f think will admire it for
those qualities. But the Senator says, "Because
of existing prejudices we cannot amend the
Constitution to give the right of suffrage to col-
ored people, and therefore we will do this thing
indirectly.'' Why can you not do it directly?
Because of the prejudices of the people ; or, in
other words, because the people will not let you
do it; but as the people are against it we will
do it indirectly. Was ever such an argument
as that heard m the Senate of the United States
—an argument in favor of amending the Con-
stitution of the United States—that it does a
thing indirectly that we cannot do directly! In-
direction, I thought, was always a vice. I have
always observed when I went into court to de-
fend a client that if there was anything in his con-
duct. that brought about a result by indirection
the jury was sure to beat my ease. They would
sav, " If he has been in the right, if he has had a
fair contract, why has he not met it directly, and
why is there indirection and shifting and wind-
ing in the business?'' So I say to the Senator,
if lie cannot, go before the American people
with his amendment, and say to them, " Here is
a proposition, based upon humanity and right;
here are four million people that ought to be
allowed to vote, and you are expected to come
up and indorse the right.'' But he says he can-
not carry it in that way, and he proposes a co-
ercion upon the southern States, that they shall
be compelled to do it. My colleague proposes
to vote for it; and why? His voice has never
been heard in Indiana to enfranchise the ten
thousand negroes there; and although his party
was in power in the lower House of the Legis-
lature by a \ery large majority they could not
pass it at the session just adjourned in that
State. But here by indirection you propose to
gi\ t the right of suffrage where all admit the
negroes are not as well qualified as they are in
the northern States. Up to this time, five States
of the Union have allowed the elective franchise
to the negro, and thirty-one have denied it:
one out of seven have allowed it; and now the
Senator says he dare not go before the Legis-
latures for the ratification of the direct propo-
sition : but he will wrap this thin? up—I was
going to use an expression which I decline to
use—he will so cover up his proposition as that
the people will not understand the full force of
it; or, in other words, so that he can appeal
to the selfishness of the northern people to do
m respect, to other States what they will not do
m respect to themselves, and thus carry a meas-
ure that will secure political power forever.
Senators, do you concur in a proposition like
