£89
THE COjSTGrRESSIQisTAL GLOB®.
February 16,
that? Gan an Indianian go before the Indiana
Legislature and say, "Senators and Repre-
sentatives, you must coerce the southern States
to.give the right of voting to the negro, but you
must not give that right here at home ?'' That is
what the Senator's proposition means. "We
cannot trust these northern Legislatures, be-
cause they will not agree to the thing directly;
but if we leave them out of it and make it ap-
plicable alone to the southern States, then we
will get it through in some way.".
Mr. President, I ask Senators the question:
have the States, under the Constitution, the
%ight to control the elective franchise ? Does
any Senator here question it? The Senator from
Massachusetts does. He thinks that Congress
may control the right of suffrage in the States,
and upon the question of logic, I think he has
the advantage of the majority of this body. Last
.week, or the week before, Senators voted for
a bill which they themselves said was not con-
stitutional except under the recent amendment.
That amendment provided that slavery should
be abolished and that Congress should have
power to adopt appropriate legislation to carry
-it out j and you said that under that provision
Congress had the power not only to declare the
negro a freeman, but to go further, to go into
the States and give him the right to testify in
the State courts, and you did that upon the
argument that it was necessary in order to pro-
tect him in his freedom. Was not that your
argument ? Then, when the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts says, "You may go still further; the
right to testify in the courts is important to pro-
tect the colored man in his freedom, but the
right to vote is more important," do you, Sen-
ators, deny that the right to vote is more im-
portant to protect the liberty of a man than the
right to testify? Who denies that? Give the
colored men of a State the right to vote, and if
at all numerous they become a power in the
State. They do not have to go to the Legis-
lature and beg; they go there as the sover-
eigns, the makers of legislators, and say to
those legislators, "You shall not comeback
here again unless you do us justice." Is not
that the highest guarantee that can be given
to a man for his liberty and his rights? I un-
derstand that to be the argument of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. If you said that in
the exercise of your 'judgment to protect the
freedom of the negro it was necessary to give
him the right to testify in the courts, the Sen-
ator fiom Massachusetts has a right to demand
your vote upon the other proposition, that the
right to vote is important to protect him in his
liberty and in his rights. I ain not embarrassed
by this question, for I did not vote for thatbilL
I do not believe in the construction that you
put upon the constitutional amendment. I do
not believe it authorizes such legislation, and
therefore I am not embarrassed by it; but I
think that when other Senators come to vote
upon the proposition of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts they will find some embarrassment.
_ Before this digression I was asking the ques-
tion, does any Senator deny that the States,
especially in the absence of legislation by Con-
gress, can control the right of suffrage ? If that
is a constitutional right in the States, have you
a right by any influence to attempt to control
the Stales in its exercise ? Can you send force
into Indiana and demand of her Legislature
that they shall enfranchise the colored men ? I
Certainly not. Can you go into the Legislature
of Indiana and persuade them to do that thing ?
Can you go there as a Senator for that purpose?
Certainly not. Then can you send a bribe into
the Legislature of Indiana to influence the ac-
tion oi that body upon a subject o\ er which it
has exclusive control? You say to Indiana,
1 You adopt a particular policy and yon shall
have enlarged representation in the House of
Representatives." You say to Kentucky, "If
you will adopt a particular policy in regard to
a question over which you have exclusive con-
trol, we will bribe you by giving you a larger
representation in the House.'' Sir, it is worse
than force; it is a bribe, a bribe of political
power. The remark was made by a Senator—
I think by the Senator from Maine—"You know
the desire of men for power, and especially
political power;" and that is the influence that
is to be held out before independent States!
Take Kentucky, which has a large colored pop-
ulation, a population so largo that the enfran-
chisement of the colored people would mate-
rially affect the policy of the State, and the
question is for that State to decide, shall they
be voters? That is their question. We say so
here. Kentucky is sovereign upon that question.
We in Congress say to Kentucky, " You have
that right, and we admit you have the exclusive
right; it is so written in the Constitution ; now,
Kentucky, you have at present nine Represent-
atives ; if you enfranchise the colored people
of your State you shall have ten; but if you do
not you shall have but four or five or six."
That is the influence which my distinguished
friend from Maine says it is proper should be
exercised. That is the indirection, that the
Federal Government shall use its power to
bribe a State by the offer of additional political
influence in this Union if she will adopt a
policy agreeable to us. I cannot believe that
Senators will be influenced by that argument,
although presented with so much ability ; it is
certainly impossible. "
But, Mr. President, do we want to make all
the colored people vote? I am very free to say
that I do not. I do not want to make any of
them voters. I am not going to discuss the
question whether the colored man is the equal
of the white man. I think there need be no dis-
cussion on a question like that. But without
reference to that, without reference to the ques-
tion of equality, I say that we are not of the
same race ; we are so different that we ought
not to compose one political community. Had
the white men of this country a right to estab-
lish a Government and thereby a political com-
munity ? If so, they had a right to say who
should be members of that political community.
They had a right to exclude the colored man if
they saw fit. • Sir, I say, in the language of the
lamented Douglas, and in the language of Presi-
dent Johnson, this is tlie white man's Govern-
ment, made by the white man for the white man.
I am not ashamed to stand behind such distin-
guished men in maintaining a sentiment like
thnt. Nor was my judgment on the subject
changed the day before yesterday by the lamen-
tations of the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Clark] sounding through this body like
the wailing of the winds in the dark forest, '' that
it is a horrible thing for a man to say that this is a
white man's Government,'' and asking '' Would
you have said so down in front of Petersburg ?''
or, " Would you have said so at the funeral of
the colored soldiers?" &c.
Mr. President, there is a great deal said about
the part the colored soldiers have taken in put-
! ting down this rebellion, a great deal more than
there is any occasion for, or there is any sup-
port for in fact or history. This rebellio'n was
put down by the white soldiers of this country.
[Applause in the galleries.]
Hie PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr.PoiiEitoY
in the chair.) Order must be preserved in the
galleries.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And it is not right to
tear the laurels from white brows to put them
on the brows of the colored people. They did
not put down the rebellion. It was the white
men that did it. I am asked if they did not
both do it. I do not know that they both did it.
I know that there was an attempt to take Port
Hudson, and that there was no talcing it when
the colored soldiers were in the front. I think
it possible, from my reading of that transaction,
that they were placed in a hazardous position,
where they should not have been placed when
the mine was blown up at Petersburg ; there
was a good deal of boasting for a few days as to
what had been accomplished by the colored sol-
diers, and a good deal of comparison between
the colored soldiers and the white soldiers,
much to the prejudice of the latter; but when
we came to know all about it we found that the
colored soldiers did not accomplish much. The
suppression of this rebellion was a great under-
taking, and it took all the intelligence, the phvs-
ical power, and the courage of the white men
of this country to accomplish it. It was accom-
plished, and it is distasteful to me to hear claimed
for a race that did but very little in it the honors
that belong to the "white men who were in the
Army.
Now, sir, I am not in favor of giving the col-
ored man a vote, because I think we should
remain a political community of white people.
I do not think it is for the good of either race
that we should attempt to make the Govern-
ment a mixed Government of white and black.
I do not think it is for the good of the black
man. I do not believe that the black man ean
maintain himself in that strife between him and
the white man which that policy will establish.
When it does come to a strife, we know what
the result will be. We know when there comes
that strife of races between the white men of
the United States, the mixture of thebest blood
of Europe on this continent, and the black men,
what will be the fate of the black man. I do
not want it to come. I want a just policy, a
fair policy, a safe policy, just, to us, just to them,
safe to us, safe to them, to be adopted now that
they are thrown in this new position and rela-
tion. But I am not in favor of placing over
the white man such a government as the Freed-
men's Bureau establishes for such an end. I
am not in favor of attempting to mix these
races. I want to see the white race kept a white
race, and the power in this country without mix-
ture and without an attempt at mixture.
My colleague used a strong expression on
this subject. That I may do him no injustice
I will read his words:
" If you wish to avoid a war of races, if you wish
to produce harmony and peace among these people,
you must enfranchise them all."
That is a speech that I think he has never
made in Indiana, and I am a little curious to
see the impression it will make when he first
repeats it there. 1 know very well my col-
league will never repeat it with any argument
drawn from the military achievements of the
colored men in its support. I think he will
never make an argument that they are entitled
to it because they have done so much toward
achieving the results of the war. But in sup-
port of the proposition my colleague reads from
Chancellor Kent. He says :
" Chancellor Kent is> still more explicit on the pres-
ent point, for he says distinctly:
"'If aslavo born in the United States bemanumit-
ted, or otherwise lawfully discharged Irom bondage,
or if a black man be born within the United States,
and born free, he becomes thenceforward a citizen.'
—Kent's Commentaries, 4th edition, p. 257, note."
My colleague stops there. That is not the
question that we are discussing whether he is a
citizen or not. A man may be a citizen and not
a voter. He may be a voter and not a citizen.
But my colleague stops at a comma. He ought
to have read to the period and then ho would
have read to the Senate the following :
"But under such disabilities as the laws of the States
respectively may deem it expedient to pi esci ibe to h ce
persons of color."
That is the entire sentence, that if they are
made free tliey are citizens, but under such
disabilities as the States may choose to pre-
scribe.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Will my colleague
permit me a moment?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Is not the power of
the State to prescribe conditions precisely the
same in regard to all citizens, whether white
or black?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not the question
I am discussing. It has not been a question
in dispute whether the State had control of the
elective franchise. It is absolute and perfect,
and the exercisc of it in the State of Indiana
is in regard to white people. We say that when
a foreigner comes to Indiana, after he has
been in this country twelve months and in the
State a certain length of time, he shall vote,
because the people see fit to say so ; and tliey
