1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eouM, in the exercise of their power, have said
three .years instead of one. I do not dispute
taut the State has the control of [lie entire ques-
tion. I believe i nave answered my colleague.
My eoliea^ue, in support of his "proposition
that we must ailov.- all men to vote, reads from
K>at, (hat the colored people when manumit-
ted become citizens, and I read the rest of the
sentence, thai they become citizens under such
disabilities as the State may choose to pre-
scribe. The difference between my colleague
and is this: that I think the State Tias
the right, she may at her pleasure disciiminate
when she comes io give the elective franchise,
between the white men and the colored menj
and 1 am in lavor of the discrimination as she
has made ir.
Mr. \ATES. 1 wi.-h to address this question
to the Senator from Indiana: whether, if I, as
a citizen of Illinois, shall remove to Indiana
and make my domicile there, there is anypower
in the Legislature of the State of Indiana to
disfranchise me entirely? I admit that it can
impose qualifications of residence : but is there
power ill the Legislature of the State of In-
diana to disqualify me entirely, to exclude me
from the franchise forever? That is the ques-
tion.
Sir. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, if the
distinguished Senat >r from Illinois should ever
come to the State of Indiana. I have no doubt
that he will be treated by the people of the
State with ail the courtesy that his high posi-
tion in the country requires, and which he is
entitled to. 1 do not think there would be any
disposition in exercising the powers of the
State to disfranchise any white man.
Mr. YATES. Could they do it?
Mr. HENDKICKS. 1 shall not answer that,
question, for I understand very well the next
question the Senator is going to propose, and
as tiiat is a judicial question, I am going to
leave,that until the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States shall decide it. and perhaps the ques-
tion will come up from the State of Indiana.
We exclude colored people from the State b>
our constitution and laws. If they come in in
contravention of the constitution, we deny them
the right to vote. By a law passed at the last
session of the Legislature, passed by the House
of Ilepresentatatives as well as the Senate, the
House being largely Republican, it is enacted
that the negro may testify in the courts of the
State provided ho came into the State before
that constitutional provision was enacted; hut
if he has come in since, he shall not testify.
These questions bring up the v<'--y one that the
Senator is after. I am not speaking of the white
people of Indiana. I am speaking about the
right of the State to control the elective fran-
chise, especially in regard to the colored peo-
ple. answering the point that my colleague
made iu his citation from Kent.
Now, Mr. President, are these eleven States
of the South in the Union? If not, what need
is there that we shall amend the Constitution?
Why amend the Constitution in respect to
eleven States when you do not allow them to
be represented here > Uyoit hold that these
States are in the Union, and if you intend ever
to let them be represented here, is it not fair
to let them be represented before you change
the organic law to their prejudice.'' Is il not
right that the humblest man. the poorest man.
the euillicst man shall he heard in his defease ?
The criminal that shells human blood upon
your siivt ts, you will not condemn to death
until he has had an opportunity to be heard.
You cannot cover up human nature with so
much of crime and guilt as that you will deny
his voice when he askr^ to be heard. Then,
sir, if ele\en States wish to be heard, if eleven
States stand at the door of you:- Oaphol and
ask admission, that they shall lie heard before
yon amend the Constitution to their prejudice,
will you deny them that hearing.' Y~ou deny
that to them-which you concede as a natural
right to the poorest, the meanest, the vikst.
and the wickedest of our race. If they are not
here, we had better not lejri-d.itp for them, il'
we do not intend to let them come back. My
o9 i:!t (Jo.Mi, ! '-T Sl.-'S. - No.
881
ji colleague upon that subject, and it is a very
j; gravo subject, has used the following very elo-
T quent language:
!, __ " If thc-:c rebel States eon?titu ted sfar= on your flac?
j they were as the lost Pieindes pone darkling IhroucTh
spnee, unobservant to anv human eye. They could
[' n.01 bejjcUiCted by the mightiest telescopic power that
the.nuuuary of the country has ever been able to
il briii ? to bear upon them. They were not only out of
tae union, but they were .«ubsfciutlalJy and to all in-
;■ tents and purpose-; out of e:ci>tcncc; and so the Prcs-
I j ident must have regarded them in his proclamation."
i! ^ 'Ihatisaverybcautifulfigure, comparing these
a States to a system of planets going around the
ij central power, the Fedora! Government. My
'} colleague claims that these revolving stars have
ji shottrom their orbits, are lost, out ot existence,
j i Why. sir, to carry out. his figure as drawn from
'! astronomy a little further, what are the powers
that keep the stars in their orbits ? First, there
is velocity that God has given them, which
tends to throw them otf in straight lines, and
then there is the attraction to a common center
tending to bring them to that common center,
and the two powers operating equally they arc
held in their orbits. In the States there is a
tendency, from an exaggerated view of State
rights, to go off, but then there is the central
power to hold them within tile Union. Has
the central power during the last five years been
less than heretofore? The constitutional obli-
gation is one of the central powers, the interest
of each Stale to stand by the whole is another
of the powers, but during these last live years
we have resorted to the extraordinary power of
war, and that war has brought litem again within
their orbits. _and they are seen by the feeblest
vision in their position.
Aslsaid, Mr. President.itisnotmyprovinec,
nor perhaps would it be exactly in good taste
j for me to he the defender of the President in
! regard to his policy. I know nothing of his
find the express power in the Constitution?
He does not find it there. It is not written
that Congress may establish a government for
the Territories, nor can he find it in the power
that gives control over the public lands. That
relates to property; but Congress is authorized
to admit new States into the Union. [Mr.
Wade nodded assent.] f am glad that the
distinguished Senator agrees with me in that
proposition. Congress has power to admit
new States into the Union, and under that
power Congress 'may set up such a govern-
ment for the time being, for the temporary
purpose of enabling the people of a Territory
to form' a State go'vernment. If for the pur-
pose of enabling the people to form a State
constitution with a view t$fc come into the
Union, Congress may set up a provisional gov-
ernment in the Territory, why*is it under the
power, or the duty rather, which is imposed
upon Congress and upon the President to
guaranty the existence of the States already
in the Union, that that power shall not be ex-
ercised by the President by setting up a pro-
visional government to enable the people in
all rcspccts to place their States in proper
relations to the Federal Government?
Mr. WADE. But suppose the State gov-
ernments stood intact: then how came the
power in the President? Suppose his doctrine
is true: that the State governments already ex-
isted as soon as peace was established.
Sir. IIENDItlCKS. I am not sure that the
President ever said that the State governments
already stood in their proper position. 1 rather
think that the Senator has used a word that the
President did not.
Mr. WADE. I will ask the Senator what
his doctrine is upon that subject.
M Mr. HENDIUCKS. I thought you referred
i policy exccpt as I have seen it in his act-, in j; to the opinion of a more important person, I
I his messages, and his proclamations. Put in ii mi-'unnerstood the Senator.
respect to these eleven States and his efforts to
bring them into proper relations with the ccn-
; tral Government, I do sustain him. I sustain
him. not because I am o 1'liis party, but because
| I am of that common countiy which demands
I a restoration of this Union.
, I My colleague and other Senators have attacked
j the President, in very courteous language, I
j admit, in language becoming a Senator, iu no j
! coarse way, but in eloquent style and with force I
I of argument, with regard to his policy est ah- !
] lishing provisional governments. For awhile
| I hesitated to give my approval to that policy,
j It is not strange that 1 should hesitate, because
j [ opposed the acts of usurpation which eharac-
! terized to some extent the last Administration: j
! but many of you Senators said these acts were !
right when the Constitution for the time beinsr i
mi-'understood the Senator.
Mr. WADE. Because it would not do for
the President of the United States to set up
provisional governors in Indiana, Ohio, or any
other State that had not seceded. Why is it
that he has the power to do it in these southern
States if they occupied the same position when
the war was over as they did before?
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is very clear that the
President cannot appoint a governor in Indi-
ana nor in Ohio, because those States are in a
perfect state of organization. A war has not
I distuxbed the State organization. But I think
1 the President holds, and 1 think it is true, that
I a State as a State cannot cease to exist. There
may be a government de j'crlo for four years,
■ and when the government de jure returns it is
1 estalfished. and it then simply wants the organ-
ization. the machinery, and for the temporary
purpose of enabling the people to act, the Pres-
■ was not strictly regarded, when doubtful powers 11
I were exercised, and 1 can hardly see how you !j idcut furnishes them a provisional governor,
j can find fault with the present Executive under t! Under this power I think the President was
i circumstances of still greater embarrassment j! justified in appointing these governors, to ena-
| in the exercise of the powers to which he has |j ble the people to fully organize and set in mo
resorted. I think the President did right iu |
[ appointing provisional governors and setting '
i up again the State governments; and why? 1 j
do not place it upon the war power. The war :
! is over. It was over iu May, v, hen the Presi- ■
dent issued these proclamations and appointed j
these p:'0\isional governors. I cannot placj it i
upon any war power. J
Put. oir. it was the duty of the President, as j
it is the duty of Congress, to guaranty to the j
States their republican form of government. t
! and certainly that involves the ijuaranice of ,
1 existence. When the war was over, when the !
| people eckn
knowledged themselves obedient to
I the laws of the country, these States were to
some exre"t disorganized : at least, they were
not fully organized under this Government;
their organization had relation more particu-
larly to the southern confcderacv. The Presi-
dent rinding lliem iu thi-- disordered condition
desired to bring them back, and he gave them
all the aid and suppoit he could iu their eft'oi:s
for that purpose. As an illu-iratinn, 1 s\ill
address the learned Senator tn.m Ohio, the
head of the Territ oriel Committee. In organ-
ising a territorial go\ eminent, where does he
lion the State governments and place the States
in all respects iu proper relation to the Federal
Go\ ei nmeuf.
Mi. IIOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a single question, if it is not going to
embarrass him?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly. If I find it
is embarrassing, 1 shall not answer it.
Mr. IIOWE. Upon this point I have been
i, extremely anxious to ha\e some Senator ex-
i plain what necessity there was for reorganizing
11 what the Senator calls the government of one
!' of those States. Take the State of South Car-
j oiina. What was the matter with the govern-
' j ment of that State that it had to be reorganized ?
I' She having a Governor and her judges, having
ii all the officers belonging to the government of
[[ a State, what was the necessity for morgan-
]' izins b ?
j! Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 will answer that di-
i i reetly. I want to notice the position of my col-
i, league, and in hoi icing that I think I shall
|i tins'.'.er the Senator fiom Wisconsin. Mr toi-
. league says, taking tin- State of North Carolina
!; for illustration, that North Carolina cannot be
!i admitted here boctmsv she has not nowa \ e lei
