888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
of Pennsylvania, the Governor says, in regard
to the sixteenth district:
" And I do further declare that no sueh returns of .
the election in the sixteenth congressional district ,
have been sentto thesecretaryof theCommonweatth j
as would, under the act of A^embly oi 2d July, a. 1>.
1839, authorize me to proclaim the name of any per- j
son as having been returned as duly clected a mem
feer of the House of Representatives of the United
States for that district."
The Clerk of this Honse consequently had the
name of nopersonasRepresenlative-electfrom
that district to enter upon the roll of Repre-
sentatives at the opening of this session. And
as no person is occupying the seat, of course
no person could appear regularly as a contest-
ant for it. And by the direction given to the
Committee of Elections by the resolution of
the House, they were instructed to ascertain and
declare who had the prima facie right to the
seat, so that the other party claiming the seat,
if there were another, might be allowed to come
forward and contest it.
The committee having examined the subject,
have reported in favor of Alexander H. Cof-
froth as having the prima facie right to the seat.
The reasons therefor are stated in the report
of the majority of the committee. But I will
briefly go over those reasons, and refer to some-
of the papers upon which the conclusion of the
committee is founded.
The Governor's proclamation, as it will be
seen, would be the first evidence of the right
to the seat. But by examining an extract from
the laws of Pennsylvania, which is found on
page 23 of the report, paragraph forty-two, it
will be found that after the returns from the
various districts have been made to the secre-
tary of the Commonwealth—
"It shall he the duty of the Governor, on the re-
ceipt of the returns of uhe election of members of
the House of Representatives of the United States,
as aforesaid, by the secretary ot theCommonweatth,
to declare, by proclamation, the names of the per-
sons so returned as elected in the respective districts:
and he shall also, as soon as conveniently may be
thereafter, transmit the rctiirns so made t o the House
of Representatives of the United States."
In pursuance of that law, which I notice has
been perhaps inadvertently omitted in this con-
nection by the minority of the committee in their
report, tile secretary of the Commonwealth not
only transmits the proclamation of theGovernor,
but also the returns that have been made to him
from that district, to the Clerk of this House,
so as to be before the House.
Mr. PxVIXE. I understand the gentleman
to say that the minority of the committee have
omitted to refer to that law in their report.
Mr. UPSON. No, sir; I said that the minor-
ity of the committee bad perhaps inadvertently
omitted to refer to it, in this connection.
Mr. PAINE. I beg pardon of the gentle-
man; it is especially referred to in their report.
Mr. UPSON. I shall be thankful to the gen-
tleman to make anv corrcction of what I may
accidentally or incidentally omit to state ; but
the gentleman will lind that he has said in that
report that there is no authentication whatever
of these returns. That is why 1 incidentally
alluded to it. I hope the gentleman will not
understand me as wishing to misstate the point
I referred to. I was merely alluding to this to
show how the returns from this district, of the
majority of the board or of. the entire board,
came before this House. I consider it unne-
cessary even to make that reference, from the
fact that as the authentication in all instances
is only for the purpose of identification or of
ascertaining the genuineness of the paper, and
as both the parties in this ea«e admit the iden-
tity of the paper or return, there need be-no
further authentication ; and its legal effect is
to be determined from the paper itself. The
Governor's proclamation, then, not making out
a prima facie case, wc come next to the return
made by the district judges of that district,
the sixteenth congressional district of Penn-
sylvania.
Here, perhaps, it is proper that I should slate
in brief the manner in which the elections are
conducted in the State of Pennsylvania, so far
as regards certifying the returns. At the elec-
tions in the various election precincts in that
State, there are one judge of election and two
inspectors, and two clerks appointed by the
judge and inspectors. When the canvass has
been made in each election precinct and cer-
tified, the judge of the election takes the cer-
tificate to the board of judges of the county, so
tliatthejudges from theseveral election precincts
meet after the election at the time specified by
law, compare the returns, and add them up,
making the county canvass. When an election
district for member of Congress is composed of
more counties than one, t.hen(one of the judges
designated by the county board is selected to
take the returns for that county to the board of
district judges for that representative district,
which board in this case met at Chambersburg,
in the county of Franklin. This district is com-
posed of five counties, Fulton, Adams, Somer-
set, Bedford, and Franklin; so that, in a full
board, there would be five district judges.
But, on examining the papers, it will be seen
that there are apparently two returns of district
judges; it appears on the face of the papers that
there were two boards and two different returns,
one ii^favor of Mr. Koontz and the other in
favor of Mr. Coffroth. The committee, there-
fore, were met in tire first instance by this ap-
parent ambiguity, and it was necessary in the
first place to determine which was the genuine
return, who were the geuuine judges.
But before proceeding to this investigation in
relation to the judges, 1 will refer to the rule
laid down by the Committee of Elections in the
last Congress in relation to eases of this kind,
in which the prima facie right is to be deter-
mined. In the case of William .Tayne vs. J. B.
S. Todd, the Committee of Elections laid down
the following rule, which I read from page 2
of volume one of the Reports of Committees of
the first session of the last Congress:
" In considering the preliminary question, which of
these gentlemen is entitled to occupy the seat as Dele-
gate from Dakota, pending the settlement ot the main
question, which of them was duly elected thereto, the
committee have refrained altogether from anyinves-
tisration of the merits of the latter, and confined them-
selves eiitirsly to the credentials each has offered, as
the prima facie evidence of his election, entitling him,
according to law and usage, to be received as the sit-
ting D elegate n nti'l investigation ofthenumber of legal
votes actually cast shall disclose a bettor right of
another thereto."
In that very case of Jayne vs. Todd, each
partv hud a certificate making it infhat, respect
similar to the one now under consideration.
The committee, therefore, considering that rule
adopted by a forme.r House as pertinent and
proper in this case, applied themselves to an
examination of the papers which were referred
to them, in order to determine th o prima facie
right. When these two district returns were
presented, the committee were led in the first
place to inquire which was the genuine return.
By these returns it appeared that there were
two claimants to the seat, one Mr. Coffroth, the
other Mr. Koontz. Both these gentlemen ap-
peared before the committee, and submitted
arguments in support of theirrespective claims.
Each claimant produced the opinion of the at-
torney general of Pennsylvania, upon this very
same question, which was submitted to the
Governor of Pennsylvania before he issued his
proclamation. The opinion of the attorney
general will be found on page 69 of the report.
Each of the claimants admitted that this opin-
ion should be regarded as evidence so far as
concerns the statement of facts it gives in rela-
tion to the genuineness of the two papers before
the committee.
In the opinion of the attorney general of
Pennsylvania, to be found on page 71 of the
report*. I find the following statement of his
conclusion after having recited the facts:
"Ths result is that of the five persons who have
signed the papers dating Mr.Koonta to be elected,
three had no legal authority to act in the capac-ity
irtiieh they assumed, and I am therefore of opinion
that the f^oYO-nor ought not to base his proclamation
on that paper as a return."
Tn other words, he decided that the facts
show the paper purporting to be a certificate
in behalf of Mr. Koontz was not a legal and
valid paper because the persons signing it were
not legal and valid judges and had no right to
sign it, and the paper was therefore illegal and
worthless.
Now hear wEat he states in regard to the
other paper. He says that—
" It is signed by four persons who appear to huvo
been legally designated by the judges of election in
their respective counties."
" But he claims their action was illegal for this
reason. He says that—
" The judge from Somerset, though he had notice,
neglected or refused to attend the meeting, or at any
rate failed to attend it. The duty of the four judges
who did attend is clearly pointed out by law. Itivas
to 'eastuptheseveralcountyreturnsandmakedupli-
eate returns of all the voles given ' fortheoffieem the
district,' and of the name of the person elected. In-
stead of doing this, they omitted to count the vote of
Somerset, apparently by reason of the non-attend-
ance of the judge from that county. It hasbeen sug-
gested that as they had not those returns they could
not count them, which is very true. -But duplicate
originals were accessiblein the office of the piothon-
otary of Somerset county, and it was their duty, if
necessary, to refer to them. They could not, of course,
have obtained them on thesame day; but though the
law fixes the day of their meeting, it was perfectly
legal for them to adjourn, if the business could not
be completed in one day, and 1 think it was undoubt-
edly their duty to do so."
Although he holds that they were a legal
board and legally met on the day and at the
place fixed by law for determining the result
of the election, yet, omitting to count the vote
of Somerset county, their return, he says, is not
sufficient upon which to base the proclamation
of the Governof of Pennsylvania declaring that
Mr. Coffroth was elected.
I will now refer to that return, to be found
on page 26, commencing at the bottom of the
page. It is as follows:
Election return of the sixteenth congressional district
of Pennsylvania, composed of the counties of Adams,
Bedford; Franklin, Fidton. and Somerset.
The undersigned, a majority of the return judges
elected by the several boards oi the return judges of
the above-named counties to meet, examine said re-
turns, and count the votes of the several counties in
said district, do hereby certify that, in pursuance of
law, we met in the court-house in the borough or
Chambersburg, on Friday, the -1th day of November,
A D 1864, and proceeded to examine and count the
votes cast for Congress in said district at ageneral elec-
tion held in the said counties on the second iuc«lay
of October, it being the 11th day of the month; that
Alexander H. Oollroth had, hi the county ol Adams,
2 707; in the county of Bedford, 2,504; in the county
of Franklin, 3,457; jn the county of Fulton, 607;
making a total of 9,475. ^
l\>r the same office William H. Koontz had votes
in the county ot Adam?, 2,30b; in the county ot Bed-
ford, 2,053; in the county of Franklin, 3,r>08: in the
county of Fulton, 535; making a total ot 8,402; ma-
joiity for Coffroth, 1,013. . .
Hon. Alexander H. Coffroth, having received a
majority of all the votes cast, as counted before the
board, isdeclared duly and legally elected amcmber
ot the House of Representatives oi the United btates,
and a certificate of election has accordingly been
forwarded to him.
Now comcs the point in which the difficulty
is claimed to arise by the attorney general of
Pennsylvania:
The county of Somerset was not represented by a
judge, or otherwise, at paid meeting. Notice of the
time and place of meeting of said boaid was given
the return judge clccted from Somerset, uho was in
the borough ot Chambersburg on the day ot meeting.
In testimony whereof we have hereunto set our
hands and seals this 41 h day of November, A. D.18b4.
[l. s.] W. F1NDLAY MAN IS,
Ju<lot>fro>n Bedford county.
[l. S.] JOHN H. LAKER.
Judge from FrctnJdincounty.
[l. S.] NATHAN WINTER,
Jvrhtc from Fulton county.
[L. S.] F. I>IETZ, Return .Judge.
Attest: JOHN R. ORR, Clerk,
Now let me read further what the attorney
general says on that point:
"The act of 1839 provide? that the judges shall make
returns ot ' all the votes given for such oilice in said
district, and of the name of the person or persons
elected,'and further provides that it shall betheduty
of the Governor, on the receipt of the returns of tno
election, as aforesaid, 'to declare by piuelamation the
names of the persons so returned as elected m the
respective districtsthat is to say, returned asselected
in a return which also purports to return all the votes
gi\ cu for the office in the district.
"The paper in question does^notpurport to return
all the votes given tor the oilice in the district. It
shows on its face that the vote of one county in the
district was not counted, and there! ore that the judges
had not before them the means of knowing ivtio was
elected: and.indeed, the return substantially is, tnat
Mr. Coifroth liad a majoritv 'of all the vote* car-t as
counted before the board,' (that i« to say. of the votes
in four out of five counties which composed the uis-
