890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February lfi,
whether it is not true that in the case of the
judicial election, of which he is now speaking, it
does not appear from the papers which he cites
that any of the judges who did not sign "the ma-
jority report were present ? The language of the
law of Pennsylvania is that the report shall be
signed by all the judges present; and from the
papers in the ease of the judicial election it does
not appear that the judges who did not sign the
report were present.
x Mr. UPSON. In either ease the law is the
same. I have not here all the papers referred
to; but I think that in that case there was a
majority and a minority report, the same as in
the other case. I know that the majority and
the minority of the board disagreed; and it was
on that very point, because they disagreed and
did not sign the report, the district judges made
the point that it should not be received and
counted, and they threw out the votes, thereby
electing the Democratic candidate. The Gov-
ernor laid the matter before the attorney gen-
eral, who says, in his opinion :
" The district return judges of the sixteenth judicial
district, composed of the counties of Franklin, Bed-
ford, Somerset, and Fulton, have transmitted to the
secretary of the Commonwealth a return, in which
tliey state that they have not included the Bedford
county return of soldiers' votes, a copy of which they
annex, and they assign as the reason for not includ-
ing it that said return was not certified to by nine of
the return judges of Bedford county. The return in
question is signed by thirteen of the county return
judges, forming therefore a majority of the whole
number.
" The reason assigned for not including this return
is palpably insufficient. As the authority of the re-
turn judges concerns matters of a public nature, a
majority may act at a meeting lawfully assembled,
and their meeting is presumed to be lawful in the
absence of proof to the contrary. The clause of the
seventy-ninth section of the act of l&J'J, providing that
the returns shall be signed by all the judges present,
docs not govern the present case: and if it did, it
would, first, be construed as directory merely, and
second, it would be presumed that the return was
signed by all the judges present in the absence of proof
to the contrniy."
Therefore, in either case it would he imma-
terial whether the judges who did not sign the
report were present or absent, so far as the
reasoning of the attorney general is concerned.
I now call the attention of the House to these
returns, which will be found as follows: for
Franklin county, on page *27 of the report; for
Somerset county, on page 28; for Pulton county,
on page 29; for Bedford county, on page ;!0;
and of Adams, on page 32.
The returns from the counties of Franklin,
Fulton, and Somerset are signed by all the
judges. The return of the home vole of Bed-
ford county is signed by all the judges. The re-
turn of the soldiers' vote of Bedford county and
the return of the vote of Adams county, includ-
ing the soldieis' vote, are signed by a majority
only of the return judges. Now, when we com-
pare these majority returns with the minority
returns, and when we find that it has been de-
cided by the courts of Pennsylvania, and by
the attorney general of that State, that under
the law of that State a majority of the judges
may act, it at once does away with the whole
action of the minority, because, as has been
well said, the minority cannot represent the
board, and they have no legal power to act sep-
arately and independently of the majority.
The identity or genuineness of these papers
is not questioned; and the returns of these votes
from Adams, Bedford, Fulton, Franklin, and
Somerset counties, will be found summed up on
page 4 of the report, giving 11,067 for Mr.
Coffroth, and 10,1)79 for Mr. Koontz: leaving
Mr. Coffroth's majority on the face of these
county returns at 88, so that he still has the
prima facie, right to the seat. Now, I submit
to this House, in considering a claim of this
kind to a prima facie right to the seat, what
authority have we to go beyond the official re-
turns of those who were the proper officers for
computing and certifying the returns of votes
cast in that district? We consider that oar
duty is ended on this investigation of a prima
facie right when we have compared these offi-
cial returns and counted the number of votes
given for the respective candidates, and find
that on the face of them Mr. Coffioth has a
majority of all the votes so certified.
In this prima facie case we are simply to
inquire, whom does the certificate of the proper
officers show to have received the greatest num-
ber of votes? An investigation on the merits
must be had on evidence ; and_when that inves-
tigation is had, then the question as to whether
any legal votes have been rejected or any illegal
votes counted is a fit subject for examination.
Until the time arrives for determining the con-
test on its merits, we cannot, I submit, go behind
the returns of the proper certifying officers.
But, in addition to this, it will be seen that
by the law of Pennsylvania, when the board of
return judges for the congressional district have
cast up and computed the votes and certified
them to the secretary of the Commonwealth,
it is also made the duty of those return judges
in every case to transmit to each of the persons
elected to serve in Congress a certificate of his
election within five days after making up such
returns. Such a certificate is presented here
by Mr. Coffroth. That certificate, which will
be found on page 37 of the report, is in these
words:
We, the undersigned, return judges,elected by the
hoard of return judges of the counties composing
tho sixteenth congressional district of Pennsylvania,
viz: Adams, Bedford, Franklin, Fulton, and Somer-
set, to examine the returns and count the votes cast for
member of the House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States, cast in the counties for said office at a gen-
eral election held on the second Tuesday of October,
it being the 11th day of the month, having met in the j
court-house^in the borough of Chambersburg, on the
4th day of Kovcmbcr, and having examined the re-
turns and counted the votes cast in said district, do
hereby certify that you, having received a majority
of the votes cast as counted bv us, are duly and le-
gally elected member of the House of Representa-
tives of the United Slates.
In witness whereof we have hereunto set our hands
and seals thio 4th day of November, A. D. 1&J4.
[l. S.] W. FINDLAY MANX,
Jvtltje of Bed ford county.
[L. s.] F. DIEfiL,
Judqo of Adams eovntu.
[r,.s.] JOHN II. LAKKR,
Judge from Fronlrfin.
[L. s.] NATHAN WINTER, '
Jvdne from Fulton.
Attest: JOHN R. ORR, Clerk.
Hon. A. H. Coffkoth,
Somerset, Pennsylvania.
The return judges who sign this are the same
who signed the aforesaid district return sent to
the secretary of the Commonwealth and laid j
before the Governor.
The other return judges—so-called return
judges, for the attorney general of Pennsyl-
vania decided that they were not legally return
judges—gave a certificate to Mr. Koontz, but
that certificate falls from the fact that tho per-
sons signing it had no legal authority, and there-
fore their acts are of no validity. The certifi-
cate wliieh Mr. Coffroth presents stands, there-
fore, unconfrontcd by any other official paper i
from any board authorized to act in the prem- I
JSCS. j
The prima facie right, therefore, of Mr. Cof- ;
froth appears first from the certificate given by j
the majority of the district judges, who aic com- :
petent to act in the premises, and who acted, !
so far as appears here, in good faith. It does
not appear in any way that the district board
did anything to prevent the attendance of the
other district judge. On the contrary, the pa-
pers show that thev notified him to appear, and
that he neglected to appear on notice. His
purpose, it would seem, was to defeat the ac-
tion of that board and prevent, a. certificate from
beinggiven. The action of the majority should i
be considered as sufficient. They did what they j
were authorized and required to do by law; ;
they counted all tho votes returned to them. !
I will here say that I do not know how it is 1
in other States; but I know that in my own i
State the State canvasscrs only canvass the votes
i returned to them at the time the canvass is
made. It happens at times that counties may !
not make returns on account of the distance or '
other difficulties in respect to tho transmission >
of returns; yet the board are required by law j
to act between certain days, and the result is j
determined without counting the returns which t
may come in afterward. I have Keen credibly j
informed that this is also the practice in the j
State of Pennsylvania. IIow true this may be I
those who come from Pennsylvania may know
best. We are told when an election is had and
it becomes well known who is elected, that
sometimes the return judge of some county in
the district, "knowing that the return from his
county will not change the result, neglects to
attend the meeting of the board and allows the
remainder of the district board to add up the
returns and dcclare who is elected. It is known
that it is unnecessary to include their return, as
it would not affect the ultimate result.
But it is claimed we still have a right to go
behind these returns. Why? Because it is said
that two of these returns are signed by only a
majority of the board, and that all must sign
the return or it is invalid. I have endeavored
to answer that objection, and to show that the
attorney general of Pennsylvania, in a case
arising out of this very election, has decided
directly the reverse. He evidently will not be
accused of any partiality toward the minority
in this House. If there were any partiality, it
would be in favor of the majority of the House.
We have seen what he has decided in relation
to this matter, and that the Governor of Penn-
sylvania has acted upon it. He decided that it
was legally sufficient if the return was certified
by a majority of the board, and the commission
was given by the Governor to the man who had
the highest number of votes, counting the re-
turns which were so signed and certified by a
majority of the board.
Mr. DlilGGS. My colleague will let me
interrupt him for a moment. I understand
from his argument he settles these facts : that
Mr. Coffroth has a majority of the votes certi-
fied to by a majority of the judges of election,
that lie has the certificate signed by the proper
officers, and that a majority of the Committee
. of Elections has reported in his favor.
Mr. UPSON. These are tho facts. He has
the returns of the county boards and the re-
turn and certificate of the district board in
his favor.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to know who has
a majority of votes upon any certificate, be-
cause there is no legal certificate. If'the com-
mittee take all the votes filed and in their pos-
session, who has the majority?
Mr. UPSON. That depends upon many
things.
Mr. STEVENS. Who has a majority of all
the votes before the committee?
Mr. UPSON. If the gentleman wishes to
know who has a majority of the legally returned
votes, that is another thing.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not want to know about
legal returns in a, prima facie case. I want to
know who has a majority of all the votes re-
turned.
Mr. UPSON. I will read to the gentleman
tho decision of the court of Pennsylvania on
that subject. So far as the returns can lie con-
sidered on this investigation there is nothing
outside of the certified returns.
Mr. STEVENS.
understand me.
Mr. UPSON. I say that a paper purporting
to bo a return with the names of no legal offi-
cers signed to it is no return.
Mr. STEVENS. Are certain votes attached
to it?
Mr. UPSON. I do not know that there is
any legal paper to show it.
Mr. STEVENS. That is a question on the
contest.
Mr. UPSON. A prima facie case is what
appears on the papers certified by proper offi-
cers. Wp are not investigating the ease on its
merit, and do not know what the result would
be after hearing evidence on a contest.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman has said, in
reply to a question by his colleague from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Driggs,] that Sir. Coffroth had the
certificate of the lawful board, had a majority
of the votes, and had a majority of the Com-
mittee of Elections. Now, I will begin with
the committee. He had five out of the nine
members constituting that committee. The
names signed to the majority report are these:
Charles Ursox, II. L. Dawes, Poiitcs Bax-
