1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
ter, S. S. Marshall, William Radford; and
the names signed to the minority report are
tlie^c: ]Lw.i;i;rt E. Ij\txh, ,1. W. McClurg,
S. Sitei.LAU \ 0. \Y. 8COFU;LD.
Ii the says thai he has shown that
Mr. Collruili hud a majority of the votes it is
merely a mailer of opinion as to what he has
done and what ho has failed to do. and the
House must wait until the other side has been
heard.
If he says that the eeitificate for Mr. Cof-
froth is the certificate of the lawful board, that
is what wc ch-ny. If he says the return of Mr.
CofFroth came from the lawful board and his
certi/ieatc entities him to a seat, that is what
the minority of the committee firmly and con-
8ci"ntiomly believe to be incorrect.
Mr. UPSOX. My colleague asked mo what
I claimed, and I replied that I claimed certain
things. Of course [ expect to hear the argu-
ment of the gentleman who represents the mi-
nority. and of course the House will listen to
him with pleasure.
In my answer to the question propounded by
my colleague, whether I claimed such a state of
things as he suggested, I replied that I did.
But I did not intend to preclude the gentleman
from expressing a different view or say that 1
considered it as decided beyond a peradventure
so that nobody could answer it otherwise. And
I answered it as I thought, it satisfactorily ap-
peared to the minds of a majority of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SCOFJELI). I would inquire if the
gentleman considers he has answered the ques-
tion of my colleague in this particular, and I
am going to repeat pretty nearly the same ques-
tion. If all the returns from the different pre-
cincts at home well as from the hoys that
voted in the Held, certified after some fashion
or other a^ legal \oles, and unquestioned as
such Ijeibie us—if all those votes were added
up, would it not make a majority of suine sixty
Or seventy for Mi. Koontz?
Mr. UPSOX. I will answer that in. the lan-
guage of Ju.-tioe Ludlow.
Mr. SCOFJELI). I would rather have the
language of my honest friend from Michigan
than that of any judge, because he was there
and helped to count thoseverv votes that were
referivd to u- in committee. And if my friend
cannot tell us without the circumlocuiion of
an authuiiry. there is no book that can enlighten
u<* on the subject. 1 a^k. if by counting all
the-,' r.-s ir-w, you do not make a majority of
sixty or >eveniy for Mr. Koontz? Whether
they are le';al and to be counted or not is
another que-llnn.
Mr. I'PSOX. T counted the votes with the
gentleman in committee, and made out. in
count in it by a standard which I consider legal,
that Mr. Coifrolk had a majority on the face of
the papers.
Mr. SOOF! ELD. I desire to have the gen-
tleman to say whether, if we counted all the
returns. Mr. KooiPz would not have a major-
ity, not according to legality, but according to
arithmetic.
Mr. UPSOX. T will take the very position
assumed by tim minority in their report in
relation to the soldiers' votes, and will ^ay that
there are m> returns here suilicient to give a
majority to Mr. Koontz.
Mr. ^C«')F!ELD. Xo legal returns.
Mr. 1/PSOX. Xojelunia. If the gentle-
man will im cMigate the papers he will find that
there aie no formal returns, no returns on
wlm h in make 'Hit a majority for Mr. Koontz.
X1 >v,, { rail attention to the decision of the
COuit> t>f Pennsylvania on tint* subject, and f
refer to th<- ui-e of Lawrence vs. Knight. I
Phihnklnhia Keport-. p. ot>G:
'"The a 11 'if A--om^!\ cnM^ upon the pro thorn tnry
of tiw cour! ih<* dui v nf 'vrt'tyinir i "t urn*. He iuu-t
solid the letmn:- to the iciuni indeed _ Thill
si 11'lnv. v t> ha re ovtT and o\ er airam so id. i o<tfd upon
linn. .Hid ,ut-inii lN .■ 1 a mim~U-^::l otheer.
hawn/ no r>-]ir to ro.en-t a return regular upon if*
face, and iiiilw it regular it k 110 reiuin.''
Mr. .S f KVEXS. I do not care about the re-
turns. If the \otes are hero that is prima faci?
evidence.
|j Mr. DAWES. Suppose they are brought in
[i my pocket.
j| [Here the hammer fell.]
I! Mr. PA IXE. The gentleman has been in-
j: terrupted a great deal; I move thatliia lime be
|j infieiinitely extended.
Ij Xo objection being made, the gentleman was
j; allowed to proceed accordingly,
'i Mr. UPSOX. I thank the House for this
I privilege. I will now proceed to the investiga-
| lion of the matters which have been called out
| by the interrogatories propounded to me by
i various gentlemen on this floor.
j I have referred to the decision made in the
i; courts of Pennsylvania, supposing that my
friends from Pennsylvania would certainly be
willing to abide by the decision of their own
court, and supposing also that the opinion of
the attorney general, where it coincided with the
view's of the majority, would not be quarreled
with, and that the rule adopted by this House
in the previous contested-election case would
be abided by. Now, if we are going to call
everything that is on a piece of paper a vote,
we may have any amount of such papers re-
ferred 1o a committee, and may elect anybody.
But we are only to investigate papers that come
from the proper certifying officers, that are legal
on their face and are pertinent to the issue.
Now, let us refer to the law of Pennsylvania
in relation to soldiers1 votes, and then see what
are called soldiers' votes in this case, for Heaven
knows 1 desire to count every vote of every sol-
dier. But in the investigation of the prima
facie ca^-e. we are confined to papers that are
priiti'i j'arn' regular, and where they are not
regular and legal on their face we cannot give
any woicrhttothem in this investigation. When
we find that the signature to a certain paper is
not the signature of the oflicer that it purports
to b°. that moment that paper is out of the case :
but the moment we determine that any paper
on the same subject is certified by the proper
oilier, thai moment it is a paper proper for our
consideration, and is legal and valid.
A few word* now in relation to the soldiers5
vote. And here I wb'h to call the attention of
the House to some decisions in relation to the
verv returns which it is claimed in the report
are not properly before us in this investigation
and could cnlv be properly considered in an
inve-tiuation of the  uorit«. I refer now to the
law of Penn-ybauia allowing soldiers to vote.
Section two provide- that —
"A poll hall be opened in enehenpanv, composed
in ■w iude or in >nrt of Pcnn-vivanut . oldieis, « t the
fjiuM'tcrs of tin1 captain or oilier otimer thereof; nud
all elocfOK- hi \Mil in? to *u<-h cuup-uiy, who -shall be
withm one n-v.i'j of such r;ar>rt.TS on the day of elec-
tion, and not pi evented by ord'T:- ot their command-
ers or proximii y' i P." im'uny^iom i eturmn^ t<> their
company iu utoi?, thall vole at ^ich poll and at no
othei place."
Now. 1 wish the House to notice this one
fact, the law expressly makes each company
an election precinct, and this IIon«e would not
j, hesitate in the case of a home vote where two
r election precinct3 came andvot< d in one place
together to reject the vote. Now, it appeals
], from the report that two companies of one regi-
I' ment voted at one precinct and returned their
! vote as the vote of two companies, and no rea-
son whatever is given for it; it is signed by
' oiiicers purporting to be ofiicers of both com-
]' panics, and consequently was a merging of two
i! election precincts into one without^ any legal
authuritv whatever. J he previous military vot-
' ing law of Pennsylvania not onlv provided for
- companv returns, but also provided for return^
! from tho<e companies as election precincts to
i the headquarters of the regiment, and a regi-
mental re;urn to the secretary ol the Common-
wealth. In the case of Lawrence rs. Knight,
the court, in giving instruction^ to the prothon-
' otary under that law. in speaking ot those regi-
mental returns, say-i:
I "In ray judgment, you cannot certify a^inglercci-
1 mciU.il leturn: no i io\imoii whatever i-* mau.el.oi
, doinir. ii y«-.u ^1. >uld diMjover in any Cade Unit
no company returns haw been revived, Jmt oiny a
- ie~imcutal return it is not your tank. You have no
morcriCshl" to ceitify to the return judcre^ than yoa
have to '•end in to them a copy of any other paper on
\ file in your officc."
This shows that where there was a regimental
return, but no company return, the regimental
return could not bo counted under the old law
any more than two election precincts could vote
in one precinct on the home vote. Two clcc-
tion precincts cannot vote together without nul-
lifying the vote; and much less can two com-
panies vote together, as the law expressly says
that polls shall be opened in each company,
and separate returns of the votes kept and re-
turned for each company.
Mr. PAIXE. Will the gentleman read the
whole of that section?
Mr. EPSON. I will read the whole of it if
the gentleman desires it. He will find that
where there arc exceptional clauses, those ex-
ceptional clauses have to be put in the return,
showing that they are within the* exceptions, or
th votes cannot be counted; and lie will find
returns in one or two instances allowing tha-t
very thing. I will read the whole section:
"A poll shall bo opened in ea^h company, composed
in whole or in part of Pennsylvania soldiers, at the
quarters of the captain or other officer thereof; and
all electors belonprin?: to ?ueh companv, who shall bo
within oaie mile of such quarters on tin- day of elec-
tion, and not prevented by orders of their command-
ers or pioximity of the enemy from returning to their
company quarteis, shall vote at mk-Ii poll and at. no
other place. Ofiicers, other than tho^e of a company,
and other voters detached and absent trail their com-
panies, or in any military or naval hospital, orin any
vo?.-ei or navy-yard, may vote at such other polls as
may be most convenient for them; and when there
shall be ten or more voters at one place, who shall
bo unable to attend any company poll or their proper
place of election as aforesaid, the electors present
may open a poll at such place as they may select,
and ceitify, in the poll-book, which shall be a.record
ot the proceedings at said election, substantially in
the manner and form hereinafter directed."
Now, let us turn to what is called the return
of the election, and [ ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin to notice the position taken by him
in relation to the law of Pennsylvania in relation
'to these votes.
The minority of the Committee of Elections
in their report in tliis cn«c, on pape 14 of the
same, Jay down the rule that under the soldiers'
voting law of Pennsylvania the military return
is in substance the same as the return of home
votes, and that the poll-hook, tally-list, and cer-
tificates of oaths form no part of the return,
and they assert that—
"The law requires Hip n othonoiary tu certify to the
ho:ird copies of tlie returns, not of the poll-books 01*
other jnii'crs."
And that—
"If the 01-Unnals areusxcl, it is only at the original
retime that the .ludses arc required to look."
if this position of the minority be correct, it
follows (-(inclusively that if there be no such
return, nothing but the poll-boc.k, tally-Ii^t, and
certificates oi oaths, th'en there is nothing for
the proilionotary to certify to the board; and
if he certifies this poll-book, tally-list, and cer-
tificates of oaths only, there is nothing for the
board to correct, and 110 legal return, as the
tally-list is a pait of the poll-book. (See sec-
tion 1-3.)
Jlr. PAINE. In the minorty report an
alternative statement is made. It is shown that
to adopt the rule which the minority of the com-
mittee are inclined to consider the true one. the
resultwouldbein ihvorof Mr. Koontz. Adopt-
ing the other rule, thai you are to look not only
to'whai are technically called the returns, but
also to the tolly-lists, poll-books, and the certifi-
cates accompanying them, under that rule also
.Mr. Koontz is entitled to his scat.
Mr. rPSON. i quote from page 14 of the
report ;is made bv the gentleman trom Wis-
consin, | Mr. P.iiMi.] The gentleman claims,
as 1 undeistand, the very position which T as-
serted. on pages "7 to 4 L of the report of the
committee, being the icturn for company H of
the two hundred and eighth Pennsylvania regi-
ment. Commencing with tlm poll-book of the
election tire House will liud the form, which is
substantially that put down in the law of Penn-
sylvania upon this subject, except the filling up*
But in vela lion to thai. I wili show that the
law requires, different fiom the requirement in
releteuce to home electionthat ine returns
shall be made in the poll-book, and with the
poll-book and tally-list shall also be returned
