18(36.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80S
as to the return incorrect, but the result is dif-
ferent from the conclusion he draws from the
rule he has laid down himself. In regard to
Mower hospital, Cuyler hospital, and McClel-
lan hospital, none of them contain any return
of votes. There is nothing but the poll-book
and the tally-list; and if the gentleman says
that those are no part of the returns, then there
is nothing whatever to identify as returns.
There is ao return made out of any votes cast.
There is not a single certified return outside of
the poll-books and tally-lists in Mower, Cuyler,
and McClcllan hospitals. 2£or is there any such
return as to the election at Barracks No. 1,
and if these are deducted from the tabular state-
ments in tlie minority report, for want of these
returns it overcomes the majority there claimed
for Ivoontz, and gives it to Mr. Coffroth on the
very rule laid down by the minority in their
report.
in addition to that, at Barracks Xo. 1, it is
certified to the poll-book in two places that
there were only forty-eight persons voting,
while the tally-list returned certifies to 78 votes
ea«t for member of Congress, thus making the
votes cast nearly double tl;e number of voters
in the poll-book for that county.
Mr. SL-IELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man yield a moment?
Mr. UPSON". Certainly.
Mr. SIIELLABARGEii. They all voted,
as they had a right to do, for member of Con-
gress, and they were certified to have so voted ;
and in making the returns they returned the
names to the proper county, properly certified.—
the entire aggregate vote for Congress to a sin-
gle county. Now. I ask, is that a reason why
their votes should be disregarded ?
Mr. UPSON. I think my friend is mistaken.
We have the returns which were made to the
prothonotary of the county of Bedford and to
the secietary of the Commonwealth, and in
those returns we have the following certificate:
" It is hereby certified by us that the above li t of
electors votinaat the &aid election is correct, and that
the numbei ot electors of BoilfoiJ county, bt.ite of
Pennsylvania, votins: at tho said election, amounts
to iorsy-ei^ht."
Then it says, still further:
" Tallv-paner or list of vote1? for each person voted
for ai tlie said election by thciualiiied voters of -Bed-
ford county, Mate ot PernioIvauia, lor Reprcsenta-
tivc m the House of Representatives of tlie united
State-, sixteenth di = triet: , , ,
'Tor t'onsre-s. William H. Ivoontz had oS votes:
A. IJ. Ootl. oth liad -i1 \ otes."'
So that it gi\es some 39 votes above the
ainuuiii certified.
Ami to miow that I am not mistaken in this,
I -will £i\e here the certificate given by tlie scc-
retarv of the Commonwealth:
PhN>> SYLVAN"!A, ks:
I do hereby certify that the foregoing h a correct
copy of said election return so fa.r as the same relates
to the county of Bedford. .
In witness wheieot 1 have hereunto set my hand,
r i and caused the seal of said office to be athxoa,
C-^tl,iS^UdayofO&A.^bNGi
Dainty Secretory oj the Co'uinonioc/fh.
And to show still farther that this has been
carefullv prepared, T #ive you the certificate
added to thut of Shannon, the prothonotary
of Bedford county, showing' that he received
from the secretary of the Commonwealth this
very paper, and which is in these words;
BnoroRD COUNTY, so:
I 0 E Shannon, prothonotary of said county,
ceriiiv ihat iho t'uo-.: mm i« a lull and tiue copy ot a
pnjl-hool:, 'except printed lorm in blank, - or copy ot
-ok, uH-eivol u\ u!y ulli'-e troui the secietaij
Of the CnMim'-uweaitli. , ,
rT 0 , Wi'ii^ my Kind and nhu lal seolat Ledford,
LL. S.j t|lc o-r^ cpu ot'J'inn.ii*', A. 1). iMu.
'0. i:. Sil VXXOX, Prothonotary.
Now, there is the certified vole by the secre-
tary of the Commonwealth, and on page 4-> it
is certified in tlie same way^ 1 > y the clerks of
election to tin-1 prothonotary ot Bedford count} :
" It i* hereby certified by us that the above li^t of
electors \ o'.nnr -it the *-aid eiecJ ion is correct, and t[nit
the lu'tnber of ehvtoia voting at the taid election
amounts- in f«>Hv-v)\."
   nee is ihat in the one ease 10
nil ill the oilier lb vote-;.
By th,
onl\ Uiilere
ire returned. :
return eertilh
d to rho prothonotary of
Fulton county, there was no vote given for
member of Congress; and I ask the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Siiellabaeoeii,] how lie can
presume that a vote was given where none is
certified ?
Mr. SHELLABAKGEIt. I will answer my
colleague on the committee when my turn comes.
Mr. UPSON- I did not expect an answer
now. I merely called the gentleman's atten-
tion to it.
But still further. I was alluding to these
returns in another aspect. We have been told
that it is our business, in determining a. prima
facie case, to go into the merits and count all
these votes.
I wish now to call attention to another sec-
tion, to show that there are objections which
may be made to these returns;
"Sec. 22. All said elections shall be subject to con-
test, in the same manner as is now provided by law;
and in all eases of contested elections, all legal re-
turns"—
Making a distinction between returns and
legal returns—
"which '-hall have been bona fide forwarded by said
judges, in the manner hereinbefore prescribed, shall
be counted and estimated, although the snme may
not have arrhed or been received by tin* proper
ofiieei.-s t<> be counted and estimated in the maimer
hereinbefore directed before is-uint? the certificate®
of election to the per,-one' appearing t o ha vo a ma-
jority of the votes then received, and thesiid i etmii 3
fehiH bo subject, to all such objection* a? other returns
arc liable to, when received in due time.
I wish gentlemen to mark that returns that
are not received in time, tlie Saw Pars, shall be
subject to all such objections as other returns
are liable to. and that when received in due
time they are open to objections. Those objec-
tions I will now endeavor briefly to point out. I
will not quote the section so often referred to
by gentlemen containing the words ;'on mere
informality," because 1 do not think it neces-
sary now, and besides that. I do not see that
i it alters the course of reasoning in the least,
i I will now speak of the objections apparent on
| the face of the so-called returns, which, in my
] judgment, unless they are authenticated by evi-
i dunce showing that the votes actually were cast,
| would not entitle them on the face ot the papets
to be received, but which it is possible may be
helped by extraneous evidence showing that
the election was held and proper proceedings
taken to authorize the soldiers to vote. I read
from page 7 of the report:
"One of these so-called returns forBedfoid county
of ail election claimed to have been hehl at Harraoks
Xo. 1. Soldiers' lle^t, "V\~a<hhn?!:on, District oi Colum-
bia. .shows on the pnll-book^the names oi _omy iorty-
cicfht electors a? voting, which litt to certified oy the
clerks and judges as concct; and yet the samo^clciks
and judge* of election return an a^'rwratu ot votes
a& ea^r ibi Keprereatutiv e in Con'^re^. or OS nnue
votes than electors vnt n?\ which i- muiiifc^rly an ab-
surd and illegal letu.-n. and >hould not and could not
have been counted 1)3" the county return „nuh?es._ 1 ne
return also jdvc*s no company or regiment (section . >
to which tho soldiers belong, nor states any tacts or
circumstances to buns them witnin any of the special
prov ifcion& of section two of the act, which could au-
thorize them to open a poll or hold an election there.
I may add, also, that it was not certified to
the county board, as appears from^the j>apera
|j referred to the committee, and therefore it could
ij not be counted it* it had been before them.
'! "So also the poll-book in the othei to-called retain
!' for Bedtoid county, pui porting- to be company H,
r two hmidred and eighth reyiment, (paper liM shows
only thirty-six electors fiom Ik-diord counfy, while
1 tho'retnrn pive* ">6 votes for Representative in Con-
[ i ] f it be claimed that the poll-book shows the
name- of elcctois from other counties it a coin lu-
sis'O reply thut tlie law f^e-'fion < '  . xprc-.-ty taat
i 'separate poll-books shall be kcpl. and scpai ate i e-
. ta>'„^ mudc. fur t!ie voters of oacli city i.r county: and
: wPM-ciio autlioi'ity t'tven to the retanijunse'iot i>ea-
1 ford ( oanty to count votes ( tor -tiiyi cour.tio.-, and
' e,-peci:illy wlieii. as in the> c;"!>c tins la^t retuin.
! some of the electors reside in counties not vriliim tne
\ congrc^ional district."
And this return was also not. certified to the
1 count v board, and could not be counted bj' them.
< '• Of the eisht alleged as rcjc-etml returns for Adam?
coui«\,tUc tlu-ci' tium tlie ho-i>itaI-, li.iao-ly, iltmvr,
Cujle'r. and MeCloll.m, arc l>v.aH,t1U' eoinmuteo a.l-
milted t<> be too dels, ctivelyceiiiheu and authentic «.U a
to be entitled to any«. on-jderati":j, ihe law in iesa
t .oil ro the rlmii-s. ,iu'i..n^. and return, rnc witn i\ie
poll-book tlu o-s idcic-o of uio udimm^ern.y- die im ft
O a- oftcfisoi tncchcuon, w wboi!vai,re(r:tio.-d.
aKo in iheea-c of co^o^ro O. nvv hun-irc<l ana
eceond regiment, where only one judge ol election
appears to have been appointed, or sworn, or acted,
the committee wore alike unanimous in their opinion
that the return was invalid, the law expresslyrcquir-
ing three."
And I find the minority agree with me in their
report, and on page 15 they admit that this re-
turn is invalid, although it is counted in their
second tabular statement given on page 18 of
their report.
"The returns of company I, two hundred and tenth
regiment, (paper 35,) do not show that two of the
judges or the clerks were sworn, a certificate of which
thelaw (sections 5 and 15) expressly requires. There-
turns lor companies 15 and (4. one hundred andthiity-
eighth regiment, (paper39,)show that these two com-
panies voted together at one poll and having the same
election officers, both judges and clerks."
" Th;j retains for eoui^any B, twenty-first Pennsyl-
vania cavalry, either show ibo judges and clerics of
election to have been sworn before one James Mick-
ley, who was not an ofheeroi the election andliad no
authority (section 5; to administer such oath, or else
that neither of the judges or clerks of election were,
sworn, and in cither ease is in violation of tho law."
Mr. THAYER. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether he considers that return invalidated by
the fact that the two companies of the one hun-
dred and thirty-eighth regiment voted at the
same poll, provided that there are accompany-
ing papers to show that every man who voted
had a right to vote. And I will ask the gen-
tleman, whether, if there were representatives
from half a dozen companies, he considers it
would bo necessary to have a separate return
for every roan who happened to be there from
a different company.
Mr. UPSON. Where they voted under
the exceptional clause of the law that would
be so stated in the return: and I frill answer
the gentleman by propounding another ques-
tion. Suppose that the voters from two differ-
ent wards or election precincts in the city of
Philadelphia should vote in one election pre-
cinct. would the gentleman call that legal? I
wish he would answer it, yes or 110.
Mr. THAYER. T answer that that would
clearly be illegal. But I conceive that there
is a great distinction between an election held
| at home and an election held by soldiers in
; the field. The two eases are not at all analo-
: grin's; and it is because they are not analogous
! that the Legislature put in that clause, which
1 protected their rights ii'om being destroyed by
j want of compliance with immaterial formali-
. ties.
I Mr. UPSON. The analogy is penect; each
I company is equivalent to an election precinct,
! and is made so by the express language of the
| statute.
! And now. in relation to this matter about
| judges of election, where it appears that there
! was only one judge appointed, and where there
. is no ceitificate of otlicers sworn. I reler to
i page 282. Bartlctt's Contested Elections, in the
! ease of Howard i-s. Cooper, of Michigan. The
report of the committee in that ease was sus-
tained by the House. The committee in that
ca«e say:
"lour committee have rejected the vote of the
; towinhio of Yi'n llmfn. The law requires that tho
! boaid of inspectors shall be constituted ot tnrce per-
! tens in number. The proot isdearthut chore were but
! two. and as there was no board of 111 -jj>eetors_know 11
I to the law. vour committee see no way by which any
! legal effect can bo given to the returned vole, /ibey
' have, therefore, deducted it, although it can 111 no
j way atf'ic-t the decision of tbU case, whether it bo
j deducted or retained."
| And 1 refer to page 314, Contested Elee-
1 tions, ill the ease of Blair rs. Barrett, in rela-
; tion to the tact where it is expressly required
■ that the officers of election shall be sworn, &c.
i "The committee are aware that it is sometimes held
I that public officers arc presumed to he ciuauhcd._;ind
t to have taken snch oath-, oi ofiict astue law requires,
! and imi-t be taken and deemed to have (tone so 111
i the absence of prouf to the contrary: in ..his case
. the h>w of Missouri expressly required that a ocrtui-
cuto of their qualification shall bo xvfumed with tho
; return of the votes.' It was. expressly charged, as .a
anv one of tho^ ...  —- , .
member, though he called mar.v otner witnesses to
other {■o'lit*. at no time examined cither of the t1!-
tivn men att those precincts, or any otner
ner.-on. n? to >his tact.
Now, it should be borne in mind h*ve that
