894
THE: CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
the law of Pennsylvania expressly requires that
this oath should be administered, that it should
be signed, that it should be certified by the
person administering it, and the certificate ap-
pended. It is. necessary that it should appear
on the facc of 1 he return that this party has been
sworn and has assumed the obligations of an
election officer.
Now, on 2>age 315 the committee farther say:
"In the case of Joseph Draper vs. Charles C. John-
ston, in the Twcnty-Second. Congress, (Contested-Elec-
tion Cages, p. 701,) the Committee of Elections state
the law, as your committee believe correctly, as fol-
lows:
"' The neglect by the sheriff or other officer conduct-
ing the election to take the oath reguired by law viti-
ates the poll for the particularprecinct or county, and
the whole votes of such precinct or county axe to be
rejected. The legal presumption is that the oath re-
quired has been taken, every officer being presumed
to have done hisduty, and thatthe onus is thrown upon
the party taking the objection to show the neglect or
omission; but as the law of Virginiarecjuires thatthe
-oath shall be duly returned by the magistrate before
whom it is taken, and fllecl in theclerk's office, a cer-
tificate from the clerk that no ?ueh oath is filed will
be sufficient pritmt facic ('notice of the objection? be-
ing- previously served upon the opposite party) to
throw the burden of proof upon the paity claiming
the vote.'
" In this case the law of Missouri requires that the
certificate of tho qualification of the judges of election
shall bo returned with the return of tho votes. An
inspection of the record show^ no such return at the
precincts now under consideration."
This is exactly the case before us. Here are
a number of returns, on the face of which there
is not the least evidence that this oath was ad-
ministered, unless you draw such an inference
from the recitals in the headings given in the
forms in regard to other matters but not intended
for that part of the law relating to the certifying
aiidautlieinicatingthe oath. In some cases there
is no evidence whatever of the administering of
the oath to any officer whatever.
The report continues:
" It was#distinctly alleged, as a ground of contest,
that these judge* had not (alien the oath, and the com-
mittee had conic to the conclusion that the burden
was upon the fitting member, claiming these votes, to
show that these officers had actually taken the re-
quired oath, or to have shown affirmatively that the
votes he asked to have counted for him at these pre-
cincts, if the ofticcis were not qualified, were actually
given by bona fain voteis: and he, not having shown
either the qualification of the officers or the fairness
of tho vote, but the eontrarv appearing, the votes at
these prcuncts, namely, Gravois coal mines, G. Sap-
pington's house, and L-Lirlcm IJouse, are rejected.
_ Now, sir, in a case as to tho prima facie
right, arc wo to apply a different rule from that
which was applied by this House in the ease to
which I have just referred, in which ease the
committee cite various other decisions to the
same effect?
I will now call the attention of the House to
page 18 of the report, where the minority of
the committee present a tabular summing up
of the votes, giving a majority to Mr. Koontz.
I shall endeavor to point out -where, as I con-
sider, the return is plainly defective.' The first
summing up by the minority gives Mr. Koontz
a majority of -I'J. while tho .second gives him a
majority ot onlv !■!. \'<>sir, when, by their
own rule, you d.'duct from the hr.-t summing
up the votes credited from Mower ho.^pital,
McClellan hospital, and Cuyler hospital, in
reference to which there is 110 evidence of any
oath ha\ing been taken, and no return out.-ide
of the poll-book and tally-list, and when you
deduct also, bv the sum" rule, the votes cred-
ited-to Barracks N • ■. 1. where theie is 110 return
appended, the entire majo,iiy is deslioyed.
Taking the second summing up. making the
same deductions, and aiso deducting the'voie
credited'to company C, two hundred and ,-ec-
ond regiment. v\hich in the minority report,
page 15, is admired to be void, (there being
but one judge of election.? but which 1' here
counted, the result i- a large majoriiv for Mr.
Coffroth.
_ But, in addition to that, these other objec- ,
tums I have noticed in passing lie to every '
single return except one, that one being, I be-
lieve.^the return of company K, one hundred
and eighty-fourth regiment. <
Ilenee. [ consider that even if we should go ;
behind the certificate ot thereturn judges, which
I hold we aie not authorized to do in a prima i
fad* case, still there are not, on the face of the 1
returns, enough votes that can be counted in
favor of Mr. Koontz to authorize a different
conclusion from that to wdiich the majority of
the committee have arrived, that Mr. Coffroth
has a majority of the votes cast, on the face of
the papers, and the prima facie right to the
seat.in question.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I move to amend
the resolutions submitted by the majority of the
committee, by striking out all after the word
"resolved," and inserting in lieu thereof the
following:
That William H. Koontz has the prima facie right
to^a scat in this House, as a Representative of the
sixteenth congressional district of the State of Penn-
sylvania,
2. Resolved, That Alexander II. Coffroth, desiring to
contest the right of William H. Koontz to a, seat as
Representative of the sixteenth congressional dis-
trict, be required to servo upon the said Koontz,
within fifteen days after the adoption of this resolu-
tion, a particular statement of the grounds of said
contest; and that tho said Koontz be required to
serve upon the said Coffroth his answer thereto within
fifteen days thereafter; and that both parties be al-
lowed sixty days, next after the service of said an-
swer, to take testimony in support of their several
allegations and denials: notices of proposed exami-
nations of witnesses to be given at least five days be-
fore such examinations; no such examination to be
commenced at one place before the expiration of five
days from the conclusion of the last examination at
another place; such examinations to be regulated in
all other respects by the provisions of the act of Feb-
ruary 19,1851.
Mr. Speaker, during the course of this de-
bate the attention of this House has been called,
by an interrogatory addressed to the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Upson] by his colleague
[Mr. Dkigos,] to the fact thatthe report ofthe
majority of the Committee of Elections in this
ease is in favor of Mr. Coifroth. While such
is the fact, 1 feel if incumbent upon me to say
that, in my view, the particular circumstances
of this case entitle it to be considered by the
Hou=e as an exception to the general rule which
induces the House to follow the report of the
committee. In a case of this kind, where the
committee are so nearly divided, it seems to be
the duty of the House to consider with more
than usual care the reasons wdiich ought to in-
fluence them in making up their verdict. Now,
while it is true that live out of nine of the com-
mittee believe that Mr. Coffroth is entitled to
the seat, it is equally true that four out of the
nine have, after the most patient and laborious
investigation, come to the conclusion that Mr.
Koontz is entitled to the seat. O11 their behalf,
as well as on behalf of what I believe to be the
cause of truth itself, I ask the House to give
this case more than their usual consideration.
Cfod knows I do not desire that the contestant
in whose favor the minority has reported should
have his teat here if the law and the facts of
the ease do not entitle him to it; but it is my
duty as it is the duty of each one of the minor-
ity to show what these facts and legal principles
are. and to a^k the House 10 act upon them
1 carefully and deliberately.
Mr. .Speaker, i have to say, at Ihe outset,
t bar there is before this House, in this case, not
one single legal instrument of evidence, not
one single item of evidence upon which either
party could act without the consent of the other, j
except the proclamation of the Governor of !
Pennsylvania, and possibly the soldiers' returns, j
No, sir, not one single item of proof', legal in |
its character, excopt the proclamation of the !
Governor of Pennsylvania, and, perhaps, the j
returns of the soidics' votes. j
All the lawyers in this House, of course, are j
tainiliar v,ith the statute of the United Slates
udnch provides for the authentication of the, rec j
or,Is ofthe several States ; and most of them I
v I10 are not lawyers are familiar with that law. j
I will, therefore, not refer to its provisions; but
I will call the attention of this* House to the
statutory provisions of the State of Pennsylva-
nia respecting the authentication of such in-
struments as have been used before this com-
mittee. On page 123 of Purdon's Digest ofthe
laws of thai Slate appears the followiiig:
" Whenever provision h:r- been or sluill hereafter
be by h'.w lor . iier in the proper office
any paper, 01- papers, tile refold and re* ev!thereof
made, and exemplifications of i lie same lawfully cer-
tified, shall be legal evidence in all cases ill which
the same would be competent testimony."
On page 379 it is provided, as follows:
"It shall also be tho duty of the prothonotary of
every county to record all the election returns in a
book to bo piocured for that purpose, and to lay the
returns ofthe election of county commissioner^ and
county auditors, and of sill township officers, before
the court of quarter sessions ot such county.
"It shall also be the duty of every prothonotary to
give a certified copy of the list of voters and other
papers deposited in his office by the judges of an elec-
tion to any person applying for the same, on payment
of the usual fees as in other cases."
I suppose, Mr. Speaker, that in deciding upon
the competency of evidence offered before this
committee or this House, we should be at lib-
erty to follow either the law of the United States
or the law of the State of Pennsylvania. The
proclamation of the Governor of Pennsylvania
manifestly complies with the law of the United
States, because it comes before this House with
the great seal of that State and the attestation
ofthe secretary of that Commonwealth. But
the district board returns which are presented
here, as well those in favor of Mr. Coffroth as
those in favor of Mr. Koontz, do not come be-
fore this House or this committee properly
authenticated, either under the law of the Uni-
ted States or the law of the State of Pennsyl-
vania. They bear the seal of 110 prothonotary.
They bear the seal of no officer. It is true,
as the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Upson]
has said, they are transmitted by the Governor
of the State of Pennsylvania to this House. But
it so happens that they do not come authenti-
cated or accredited by any certificate or state-
ment or credential of the Governor of the State.
They come accompanied by his proclamation,
in which he declares to us that he finds them
both to be nullities as returns. If you go be-
yond them to look at the returns of the county
boards, which come next, passing down from
the Governor's proclamation toward the ballot-
box, you find they cannot, by any possibility,
have any official character as evidence before
this committee or this House. They cannot by
any possibility come before us as evidence un-
less they come by the admission of the parties,
because, as the gentleman from Michigan has
claimed before this House, there is no provision
under the law of Pennsylvania or any other law
for depositing these county board returns in any
depositary known to the law of Pennsyl\ania
or any other law.
There is no author! 13- to be found in the
statute of Pennsylvania for depositing these
returns in the office of the prothonotary ofthe
county or of the secretary of the Common-
wealth, or in any other office, in a ease like this
where a congressional district is composed of
two or more counties. If there were but one
county in the congressional district, then the
case would be different, then a copy would be
deposited in the office of the prothonotary and
another sent to the secretary of the. Common-
wealth. But in this case the law makes no
provision for a depositary of the county court;
therefore, it can come from no official deposi-
tary hither. No official depositary can send or
bring such county board returns to this House.
No officer of Pennsylvania is authorized to
certify such returns.
it is true that in a regular contest before this
House, where it is proper to take depositions,
these returns might be brought as part and par-
cel of the depositions offered to this House, and
it is true that they could be used as they have
been in this pase before the committee by the
consent of the parties. But if they are teceived
by the consent of the parties it must be with
the conditions accompanying (hat consent.
They must be received with tho eoudiiious
which the parlies see fit respectively to im-
pose.
But the case is different with the returns of
military elections. There are depositaries for
them. They are placed in the office of the pro-
thonotary of the county, and they are sent to
the office of the secretary of the Common-
wealth, and hence tlievcuu be c<-r' ified tmd can
come before us as fhev have e.ene before us
as evidence of undoubted competency inde-
pendent of the admissions of parlies.
Mr. UPSON. I would like to inquire whether
