898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
on its face it does purport to be the return of
all the votes of all the counties of the district,
and that it is .signed by five judges, by a full
board of district judges. Now, these two
reports were placed in the hands of the Gov-
ernor; and the question is. why did he not, on
the strength of the Koontz return, give Mr.
Koontz a certificate? He himself pronounced
the Coffroth return a nullity. Why, then, with
that return in one hand, a nullity as he declares
it to have been, and with the Koontz return in
the other hand, perfect on its face, and signed
by five judges, why did not the Governor give
the certificate of election to the man who, upon
the face of the papers, was entitled to it?
Mr. Speaker, if it be true, as the gentleman
claims, and as.I am willing to admit, that we
are to take the papers on their face, I maintain
that, beyond the possibility of controversy, Mr.
Koontz was entitled to a certificate from the
Governor, because his return was perfect, was
signed by five judges, and was not impeached
by any return which, as a return, had any va-
lidity. On the contrary, the only paper which
attacked it was a paper which the Governor
himself tells you was, as a return, a nullity.
Why. then, diuhe, out of regard for that nullity,
refrain from making his proclamation as he
ought to have made it, in favor of Mr. Koontz?
After it has been declared, in the opinion of
the attorney general, that that return was a
nullity, the Governor turns round and inquires
into the legality of those two boards. What
right had he to do that? Mr. Speaker, if he
had a right to do that, we have the same right.
But I believe that the Governor of Pennsyl-
vania, looking only at the face of those papers,
ought to have made his proclamation in favor
of Mr. Koontz.
But it was represented to the Governor that
the men who signed these papers were not all
lawfully chosen judges ; rnd he went into an ex-
amination—an examination nowhere provided
for in the laws of Pennsylvania or the laws of
the United States -ill which he took testimony
for the purpose of determining who were and
who were not lawful members ofthese respective
boards. By the consent of the parties he took
the testimony of witnesses, and he found that
the four men who composed the Coffroth board
were lawfully chosen to that board. He found
that only two of the Koontz board were law-
fully chosen members of that board.
Wo have also examined all the evidence law-
fully before us beaiing upon these questions,
and wo find that only two of the Coffroth board
had any shadow of a right to be members of
that board. There were four judges who signed
the Coffroth district board return. The iudge
from Franklin county, Mr. Winter, went first to
the Koontz district board and signed the Koontz
district board return on the same day on vhieh
he signed the Coffroth district board"return.
Now. Mr. Speaker, whether he had any
right to appear in that second board or not,
whether he had any right to sign the return
in favor of Mr. Coffroth or not, depends on
whether the first boaid which he attended was
or was not a lawful board. If it was a lawful
board, then, when he had attended it and de-
posited his county return there, he was func-
tus officio, and he had no right to attend the
Cofl'roth board.
The member who represented the county of
Pulton in the Coffroth board was Mr. Laker.
T will read from the attorney general's opinion
the agreed statement of facts, to show how Mr.
Laker was chosen a member:
"Mr. Wilhelm, of Franklin, wa" selected as district
retvrn judge by the return judges of that couaty at,
their first meeting, and. of course, befoie the soldiers'
roto hud boon counted. Mr. Laker, of the same
county, wasseiected tiy t !i <• return i inferos of the county
at their last meeting, and after the &oidiers" vote had
been counted. At thai, meeting, upon the suggestion
of one ot the clerks, Mr. Wilhelni, who was president
of the hoard, stated that he had been intormed that
tho selection ot a district return iudge, before ail the j
vote* had been cour-ed, was illegal, upon which a
j ..... .  „    
charge. Mr. Yl ilheJm was nominated, but had not a 1
majority. i I e never resigned the appointment which
ha4«Iroady been made, but.no doubt, under thcim- 1
pression that such appointment was illegal, he put
tho question on proceeding to a new selection, an-
nounced the result, and as president signed a cer-
tificate, under seal, of Mr. Laker's selection as dis-
trict return judge.
" I can see no ground fortbe assumption that a judge
cannot be designated for these purposes just as law-
fully before the certificate has been made out and
signed as afterward; and therefore I conceive that
the selection of Mr. Wilhelm was entirely legal. But
tluxt selection did not constitute him the holder of an
office. He was rather a committee of one to perform
certain duties. But, whether he be styled an officer
or a committee, in my opinion the subsequent selec-
tion of Mr. Laker, and the actual placing of the cer-
tificate in his charge, completely discharged Mr. Wil-
helm and overrode his appointment."
Now. Mr. Speaker, it is to be observed that
Mr. Wilhelm was chosen unanimously by the
bodd at its first, meeting, when that board had
a right to choose the man to take the return to
the district board. Mr. Laker was chosen at
the second meeting of the board, not unani-
mously, but by a majority, in the face of the
opposition of the minority, after it had been
discovered that it would be necessary to manip-
ulate the soldiers' returns in the district board,
in order satisfactorily to decide this ease. I will
say, Mr. Speaker, that I have found it very
difficult, indeed, to recognize this selection of
Mr. Laker by abare majority against the oppo-
sition of a minority as overriding the unani-
mous selection of the board made under those
circumstances. Nevertheless the minority of
the committee have decided, not without grave
doubts, to recognize Mr. Lakerasa legal mem-
ber of the Coffroth board. If, then, lie had a
right to be there, and being present made the
board legally complete as to numbers, and if
Mr. Wilhelm had no lawful place in the Koontz
board, then Mr. Winter, from Franklin county,
had also a right to be a member of the Coffroth
board.
Now I come to the question whether the
two judges who represented Adams and Bed-
ford counties in that Coffroth board were law-
ful judges. In my judgment, the county judge,
who takes the county board returns to the dis-
trict board, has no place in that district board,
unless lie has with him the returns for his
county. Those returns are his credentials.
Without them he has no right to be there, be-
cause the only provision of the law of Penn-
sylvania. respecting the selection of the men
who shall carry these county returns to the dis-
trict board, is a provision that these returns
shall be taken in charge by one of the county
judges, and by him presented to the district
boaul.
There is 110 statutory provision there for the
election of one of the county judges to act as
district judge. Of course the county board has
a rigli t to designate, otherwise every member of
the county board might claim to be the district
judge. Only a valid return, then, can consti-
! tute the credentials of the judge who bears the
county board return to the district board. I
say the judge who represented Adams county
did not have with him lawful credentials. He
did not bear with him to the district board a
valid return. Why? 'the return was invalid
1 for the same reason for which the Coffroth dis-
! trict board return was declared by the attorney
general to be a nullity. It did not embrace all
j tb 1 soldiers' returns for Adams county. It re-
jected certain soldiers' votes which ought to
have been included, as I will now proceed to
!, show.
I come now to determine this proposition :
If it was the intention of the Legislature of
! Pennsylvania to augment the difficulties which
must always attend the exercise of the elective
franchise by soldiers in the field, by hampering
them with more stringent and minute formal-
ities than incumber the elective f-anehise within
the Stale, the intention was certainly not well
expressed in the military election act of 186-1,
which contains the following sweeping clause,
not found in any other gcneial law of that
State:
"No jncro informality in the. manner of carrying
out or cxeeuringany ot tho provk'ionsof thisacishall
invalidate any election hek^ under the same, or au-
thorize the return thereof to be rejected or set aside." j
By the law applicable to the home elections I
a clear distinction is made between the return
of the precinct judges, strictly so called, and
the poll-book, tally-list, and certifieatesof oaths.
One duplicate of the poll-book, tally-list, and
certificates of oaths is sealed up in one or more
of the ballot-boxes and deposited with the
nearest justice, "to answer the call of any per-
sons or tribunal authorized to try the merits of
such election." The other duplicate is sent
under seal to the office of the prothonotary of
the county. But an entirely different disposi-
tion is made of the return. That, and that
only, goes to the county -board. To that only
do the judges of the county board look to as-
certain the vote of the precinct. Tho errors,
defects, and informalities of the poll-books,
tally-lists, and certificates of oaths are imma-
terial. If the returns are not so defective as
to be unintelligible, the judges must count them,
and leave to other tribunals the rectification of
whatever wrongs may ensue. The county board
must meet on tho first Friday after the election,
and may meet on the morning of that day.
But the law does not compel the deposit of the
poll-books, tally-lists, and certificates before
the evening of that day. Hence, during the
whole of the day on which the board meets
they may be inaccessible, even though the judges
should desire to inspect them.
In the military elections the same distinction
exists between the return and the poll-book,
tally-list, and certificate. The military return
is in substance the same as the home return.
It is. true that the military return is sent to the
office of the prothonotary, where also the tick-
ets, poll-book, tally-list, and certificates of oaths
are sent, all being written in the same book or
series of papers. But the reason of this is to
be found in the obvious propriety of sending
the return to seme known public office to await
the call of the county board, xind no office
can be more appropriate than that of the pro-
thonotary. This circumstance, therefore, does
not affect the legal character of the return.
The law requites the prothonotary to certify to
the board copies of the returns, not of the poll-
books or other papers. If the originals are
used, it is only at the original returns that the
judges are required to look.
But all of the ten rejected returns of Adams
and Bedford counties, (using the word in its re-
stricted and proper sense.) except those of com-
pany B, twenty-first regiment, Adams county,
and company PI, two hundred and eighth regi-
ment, Bedford county, are free from such de-
fects as would render them unintelligible or
incapable of computation: those of companies
B and G, one hundred and thirty-eighth regi-
ment, and company I, two hundred and tenth
regiment, are absolutely perfect; and those of
the three hospitals and of Barracks No. 1 closely
approximate to perfection.
Now, the home electors have no such sweep-
ing provision in aid of informalities as has been
enacted for the soldiers. If, then, tho county
board cannot inquire into the regularity of the
poll-books, tally-lists, or eert'ficates of oaths of
home electors who come with returns which
•■re not so defective as to be unintelligible or
incapable of computation, why should they in-
quire into the regularity of these papers when
soldiars come with intelligible returns?
If, notwithstanding the evident intention of
the Legislature to lighten the burden of formal-
ities, always so oppressive to electors in the
field, and to intrust to courts and other tribu-
nals the remedy of inevitable ev iIs, we are to
scrutinize the soldier's poll-books, tally-i'sts,
and certificates of oaths, as well as his returns,
while the home elector is merely tequired to
'bring intelligible returns, still the soldier will
bear even this scrutiny in the pieseut case. For
such a scrutiny shows the illegality of the rejec-
tion of eight of these returns.
1. Tho "e+urn of company K, one hundred
and eighty-fourth regiment, was rejected "be-
cause it embraeed one voter from Franklin
county."
For want of proper proof that this vote was
not counted also in Franklin county, which is
within this congressional district, Mr. Koontz,
