1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
897
■who insists on his return, should lose one rote
ami the residue should be counted: for Mr.
Coffroth, 21; and for Mr. Koontz, y8.
•>. '1 he returns of company C, two hundred
and second regiment, was rejected for the al-
leged reason that the election was hold and
the return made by only one judge.
All three of the judges signed this return,
which is not only intelligible, but almost perfect
in form. _ And yet the accompanying- poll-book
and certificates do not show that more than one
judge was swotn. We have therefore concluded,
not without crave doubts, to reject this return,
which would, if received, give Mr. Coffroth lo
and Mr. Koontz 21 votes.
3. The three returns for the Mower. Cuyler,
and McChdlan hospitals were rejected because
the certificates of the oaths of the election offi-
cers were wanting. This was no lawful ground
for their rejection, for it appears from the whole
papers that the judges and clerks were actually
sworn, and the returns, though defective in
form, are perfectly intelligible, and clearly
within the provisions of the statute applicable
to mere informalities. They give Mr. Koontz
5 votes, Mr. Coffroth none.
4. The return of companies B and G-, one
hundred and thiity-oighth regiment, was rejected
because two companies voted atone poll, before
one set of election officers.
It does not, however, appear from the return,
Or from any other proof before the committee,
that two companies voted at one poll or before
one set of election ollieers. ft does appear that
electors of two companies so voted. Rut, under
the act of 1S04 electors of two hundred compa-
nies may so vote. In order to invalidate this
return, it miintbe shown that these thirty-three
voter? eon-titutod two organized companies,
ami not detachments absent from their compa-
nies. This does not appear. On the contrary,
the language of the return and of the poll-book
is precisely such as would be proper if they voted
as detachments. There could be no excuse for
such rigor toward electors in the military ser-
vice as would be involved in the rejection of this
return, even if the liberal statutory provisions
respecting defects and informalities were en-
tirely wanting* Tins return gives Mr. Coffroth
1 and Mr. Koontz L!2 votes.
5. 1 he return of company I, two hundred
and tenth regiment, was rejected because the
certificates of the oaths of the election ofiicers
were wanting.
The poll-book recites that these officers were
sworn. Their oath is annexed to the poll-book,
duly signed by all the ofiicers. The clerk's cer-
tificate is there. The return is substantially
correct and duly signed. These papers clearly
show that the election officers were duly sworn,
and, in our judgment, arc undoubtedly on the
safe side of the line which separates essential
defects from mere informalities.
0. The return of company B, twenty-first
regiment cavalry, was rejected for three alleged
reasons:
(1.) Kn eopy of the return was certified by
the prothonotary to the return judges.
ft has already been shown that the jadges
might use the original which they had as well
as a copv. And if there could possibly be any
doubt to their rmlit to do that, there can be-
no doubt as to our right to use the certified
copy which is before us.
(2.) It is aiiegt ,1 that the election of officers
appears to have been affirmed by Captain, .lames
Mk'klev. who was not an s fiiccr ot the election.
This, hov.ever. doe-, not appear from the le-
turn. or tiom any of the paper5 connected with
it. or from any other proofs betore the com-
mittee.
(:'>.) The number of votes cast for Represent-
ative is alleged n> have been greater than the
number of Adams county electors present.
The poll-book docs show that'/votes were
casf by elector^ of Franklin county, which is in
the same eoeei e isional district. I here 1 icing no
proof that these 2 Notes were not ab'o ^counted
in Franklin, they should be deducted trom the
vote „f Mr. Koontz. nod the re t counted—tor
Mr. Coffroth !. and for Mr. Kootux
'Ihe majority return from the Adams county
board, then, was invalid for the same reason
for which the return of the Coffroth district
board was invalid. It did not embrace all the
valid military precinct returns. It was claimed
that it was also invalid because it was not
signed by all the precinct judges present at the
meeting of the board : that while it might not
have been invalidated by the mere absence of a
minority, yet the non-concurrence, and u forti-
ori the actual opposition of the minority being
present, did destroy its validity. The consid-
erations in favor of this position are not with-
out weight. The phraseology of the law is
peculiar and peremptory. " The clerks shall
thereupon, in the presence of the judges, make
out returns in the manner hereinafter directed,
which shall be signed by all the judges present,
and attested by said clerks." And if it would
be a hardship to suffer a minority, by its oppo-
sition, to destroy a return, and so temporarily
deprive a duly elected member of his seat, it
would certainly be no less a hardship to suffer
a majority, by a false return, to give the seat,
despite the protest of the minority, to a claim-
ant who was not in fact elected. Indeed, the
injury in the former ease would not be so great
as in the latter. In the former ease the right-
ful claimant would be subjected to a temporary
delay in assuming his office, and the country to
a temporary loss of his services ; whereas, in the
latter, an intruder, with no rights, would be
thrust by individuals into the national Legisla-
ture at its organization, to temain until evicted
after a contest. The risht of a district to be
always represented is nowise vindicated, but
rather assailed, by the admission of an interloper
to its place on this floor. The hazard of em-
powering a dishonest minority of county return
judges to temporarily deprive a rightful claim-
ant of his seat, and the country of his sen ices,
is as nothing compared with the hazard of em-
powering a dishonest majority to send hither
men not chosen by the people to legislate for
the country until driven from the House. It is
true that this power must always reside some-
where, in Governors or othei officers, authorized
to furnish credentials to representatives in Con-
gress. But only urgent reasons would war-
rant the extension of this power from respon-
sible public officers to private individuals. If
it were necessary to decide this question, we
should find great difficulty in upholding the
return of the majority against the objection
that the minority opposed it.
The unlawful rejection. Mr. Speaker, of these
soldiers' returns rendered the return of the Ad-
ams county board a nullity, and the man who
bore that return to the district board had no
legal character as judge in that board. For
precisely the same reasons the return of the
soldiers' vote, by the majority of the Bedford
county board, was a nullity.
Neither this return nor the judge who bore
it had any place iu the Coffroth district board.
From the eopy of military returns certified
to the Bedford county board by the prothono-
tary, it appears that the returns rejected by the
majority were those of company II. two^hun-
dred and eighth regiment, and Barrack? Xo. 1.
Washington, that the boaid had actual notice
of the presence of the oi iginals. iu the p' othou-
otary's office, and of his reasons for refusing
to certify them.
The return of company II. two hundred and
eighth regiment, wis rejected for t'v aiie"cd_
reason that the poll-book give- the names of
only tuirtv-six Bedford county eketors, while
■">-! votes arc-returned for members of Congress.
This is true. But It, votes arc shown, by the^
poll-book, to have been ca-t by electors ol
Franklin and Fulton counties, of the same
eongis isionn! district. Thcv were sent to one
county, instead of being disitV'tiled. iuas-
■ much as it has not been shown betore the com-
mittee that these lo votes were not ai-o counted
in the proper counties, they sinatld be de-
ducted from the vote ot Mr. Koontz. who insi-ts
! upon the return, andthoiest counted for .if r.
i Coffroth lo. and for Mr. Koontz iy.
! The return of I5ni n« ks No. I was rejected tor
the alleged reason that the poll-book contains
the names of onlvforty-eightolectors, andvet87
votes were cast for Representative iu Congress.
Passing from the return, which exhibits no such
discrepancy, and is very far from being so de-
fective as to be unintelligible, to the poll-books,
which present the apparent contradiction, we
find in the proofs before us a satisfactory ex-
planation. By the law the election officers are
required to keep at each of the polls as many
poll-books as there are counties represented by
electors. At the polls for Barracks JSi o. 1 there
were two for the sixteenth congressional dis-
trict, which were produced before the commit-
tee. There may have been others. Of these
two, one was the return in question, and the
other was for Fulton county. The. latter return,
coupled with paper 20, shows that 37 Fulton
votes were cast at that election, and yet none
were counted in that county for Representative
in Congress. It appears that the votes were
in this ease, as in the last, sent through the
mistake of the officers to one county instead of
being distributed. This wdll not, in our judg-
ment, warrant us in rejecting any of these votes
except the 2 which are unexplained, and should
be deducted from the vote of Mr. Koontz. Mr.
Coffroth is entitled to 20, and Mr. Koontz to
06. In our judgment, then, the Adams and
Bedford judges were not legal members of that
district board which made the return in favor
of Mr. Coffroth.
But the gentleman insists, and the majority
of the committee seem to be of the opinion that
we must stop at the county hoard returns, that
even if we go behind the district board returns,
we cannot go down nearer to the ballot-box
than the returns of the county boards.
Mr. Speaker, the purpose being to ascertain
who were and who were not the lawful mem-
bers of these district boards, 1 would like to
know by what rule we are limited to any par-
ticular kind of evidence for the purpose of ar-
riving at a result. 1 would like especially to
know how it happens that we arc restricted to
the evidence which the Governor used, which
has no legal character, wdiirh was not provided
for cither by the law of Pennsylvania, or the
United States, or by any other law.
It was insisted, 1 repeat, that if wo should
go behind the leturn of the district board, we
ought to stop at the county board returns as
conclusive, including the majority returns of
Adams and Bedford counties. We cannot
assent to this proposition. A scrutiny of the
law will show that when two or more counties
are embraced in one congressional district, as
in the cast before us, the county returns differ,
in material points, both from the soldiers' ele-
mentary returns and from the district, return,
file law provides official depositories of the
returns of the military election judges, and of
the district board, namely, the offices of the
secretary of the Commonwealth and of the pro-
thonotary of the county, liut for the return of
the county board, when two or more comities
are embraced in one district, no official deposi-
tory is provided. It has but e>iv> office, namely,
to transmit to the district board in an aggre-
gate form the official declarations, made by the
precinct judges, of the re.-ult of the elections
by them iu Id, and when that office is performed
its mission is so completely ended that the law
provides no place whore it may bo afterward
preserved. Both the return of the district
board and the soldiers' elementary return- are
ptesened in public offices, and coming from
official depositories duly certified are of them-
selves lawlul evidence before ns. But the re-
turn ot the county board, as an official paper,
has no existence after the board has met and
acted, and can come before, us in no legal form
of proof, except by the admission of the parties,
although it. might also in a regular contest be
received as part of a deposition. "Ihe Adams
and Bedford returns are before tho eonimtl-
tee by admission of the parties, but that ad-
mission is mutual, and embraces the papers
of both or of neither. It will bo a strange pro-
ceeding if Mr. Coffroth. after gc-tting his uui-
joiitv returns befote tile co-.imitiee by such
3!) I'H Ct)\U.
Nr c i. ,"■> 7,
