898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
conditional assent of his competitor, shall be
permitted to turn round and repudiate the con-
ditions, and convert his papers, which are here
only by sufferance, into conclusive returns. Mr.
Koontz could, of course, with no greater injus-
tice, make the same preposterous demand.
But, in addition to this, the majority return
of Adams county is confronted by a paper of
equal authority before us, signed by the same
judges at the same time and place, which must
be taken as a part of the instrument itself.
From the two papers it appears that certain
votes wore not counted for reasons which the
precinct returns show to have been unlawful,
and the return isa nullity. It is also confronted
by the minority return, which shows that the
majority return was made in the face of the
actual opposition of the minority, and is there-
fore of at least doubtful validity.
With reference to these two certificates which
'have been commented upon by the gentleman
from Michigan, 1 have to say that the law of
Pennsylvania evidently does not contemplate
thai they shall be used as credentials before
this Ilouse. The law makes no provision for
their transmittal either by the Governor or any
other officer of the State of Pennsylvania to
this House. It makes no provision for depos-
iting them in any office of the State of Penn-
sylvania. and if they do come before this Ilouse,
presented by the gentlemen themselves, they
come flatly contradicted by the proclamation
of the Governor, who declared, having all tliese
papers before him, as is shown by the docu-
mentary proofs before this House, that there
had been no election.
Mr. UPSON. If there is no office in which
to deposit the returns, how could the district
board obtain any returns for Somerset county
by adjourning over?
Mr. PAINE. I am nowspeaking of the cer-
tificates given by the two district boards to the
respective contestants. Does the gentleman
ask mo about those or something else?
Mr. UPSON. I was inquiring about the
returns of the county board of judges to the
district board.
Mr. PAINE. I was not speaking of those.
The certificate of the district board is given to
the successful candidate.
Mr. UPSON. This we have certified here.
Mr. PAINE. I am not nowspeaking of the
technical returns, but of the certificate so-called,
which is a mere notification to the candidate of
his election, not required by law to contain any
statement of the vote, but only the simple an-
nouncement of his election: an instrument pro-
vided by the Legislature as a mere notification
to the successful candidate, and not designed
to be sept here. I say that the certificate in
favor of Mr. Cofu'Oth comes before us, not
authenticated, but contradicted by the procla-
mation of the G-overnor, signed only by four
out of the five judges of that district, contra-
dicted by the certificate and by the return in
favor of Mr. Koontz, and contradicted by the
return in favor of Mr. Coffroth himself, in which
it is expressly stated that all the votes of that
district were not counted, that the vote of
Somerset county was excluded.
Now, I wish to call the attention of the House
to the vote as it stands in the judgment of the
minority of the committee. There is a portion
of this vote about which there is no dispute. It
embraces all oi' Franklin. Fulton, and Somerset
counties, part of Adams county, the home vote
of Bedford county, and part oi the soldiers'
vote of Bedford county. But there are military
election returns which are disputed. The
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Upsox] went
through with those returns. He insists that
they should be rejected. Vv'e insist that they
should bo counted. If they are counted, as we
insist they should be, then in looking at the
returns, poll-books, and tally-lists, all taken
together, you have a majority for Mr. Koontz
ot votes. ^ Looking only at the returns and
not at the tally-papers or poll-books, voa have
a majonty of 1-1 m favorof Mr. Kooiii'z. Now,
it you throw out Barracks No 1, on which the
gentleman from Michigan has dwelt so long,
you still have a majority in favor of Mr. Koontz.
And if you throw out the whole of the Bedford
county rejected soldiers' vote—both of those
two returns—you still elect him by a majority
of 5. You can throw out both those soldiers'
returns over which the gentleman has been so
sorely exercised, and still you must give the
seat to Mr. Koontz, because he still has a ma-
jority of votes. And for the reasons which we
have given at length in our minority report, and
which, coupled with the majority report, I think
it is but justice to both of these contestants that
the House should read at length, I believe that
Mr. Koontz is entitled to a seat on this floor.
But it is said that even though the district
board return in favor of Mr. Coffroth was a
nullity, though it did not embrace the vote of
all the counties, you ought to accept it for the
four counties which it does embrace, and look
elsewhere for proof as to the Somerset county
vote.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
that the gentleman's time be extended indefi-
nitely.
No objection was made.
Mr. PAINE. 1 thank the House, and will
not trespass upon its time more than ten min-
utes longer.
It is urged that inasmuch as the vote of Som-
erset county would not affect the result, the re-
turn of the Coffroth district board ought to be
held as conclusive in regard to the other four
counties, for otherwise Mr. Koontz would be
permitted to profit by the wrong of his own
partisan. I will state in brief the reasons why
we were unable to adopt that view, and then
will leave the case to the House.
1. The Governor, if he had not gone behind
the returns of the rival district boards to ascer-
tain by testimony who were the real district
judges, would have been compelled either to do
nothing or proclaim Mr. Koontz elected. On
its face his return was perfect. Every judge
who signed it had been a county return judge,
and if he appeared in a district board with a
county return, had a prima facie right to'be
there, which could only be defeated by showing
that some other judge had in fact been selected
by the county board to represent it in the dis-
trict board. The Coffroth return was, on its
facc, Worthless as a return upon which to base
the Governor's proclamation. The law requires
the Governor '■ to declare by proclamation the
names of the persons so returned as elected."
It by no means permits him to base his proc-
lamation in part on the return and in part
on evidence obtained aliunde. For the same
reasons we must, if we do not go behind the
return to inquire who were the lawful dis-
! trict. judges, give the seat to'Mr. Koontz on
i his return alone.
| 2. 1 he Co/froth return having, therefore, no
! legal character, either before the Governor or
I the committee, whatever regard we may give it
i will be a mere gratuity. It would certainly be
a novelty if such an instrument should be con-
clusive. To withhold irom it such conclusive
| character can be no real hardship to Mi-. Cof-
froth, if he was not in fact elected. It cannot
be a hard.-.hip to a claimant, who has neither a
technical nor a substantial claim, to decline
arbitrarily to provide him with a technical one,
and hold if conclusive. On the contrary, to do
so would be to wrong his competitor, if that com-
petitor's claim, although not technically per-
fect, rested on a basis of real merit. If Mr.
Coffroth had in fact a majority of the lawfully
returned votes, it might well be called a hard-
ship to suffer a partisan of Mr. Koontz, by a
raid upon the district board, to rob him of his
seat, but it, cannot bo said that this ought, of
itself, to give the seat to Mr. Coffroth if he did
not in fact receive a majority of the votes, and
had no chance of success, except through a
pievious laid of his own jiartisans on the sol-
diers' returns.
Mr. LPSON. I am informed that two or
three gentlemen wish to say a few words upon
this subject who have left the House in the be-
lief that no vote would bo taken to-day. They
wish to be heard briefly before the vote is taken
on Monday. I suggest, therefore, that the mat-
ter be postponed until after the morning hour
on Monday, unless, indeed, there is a general
desire to have the vote taken now.
Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois. I think we
should take no vote to-day, as I know several
gentlemen have left the Hall with the under-
standing that no vote would be taken to-night.
Mr. STEVENS. I heard several gentlemen
say they expected no vote would be taken to-
night.
Mr. UPS03J. Then I move that the further
consideration of the subject be postponed until
Monday next after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
On motion of Mr. BIDWELL, by unani-
mous consent, bill of the Senate, No. 93, to
quiet the titles to certain lands within the cor-
porate limits of the city of San Francisco, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
MESSAGE HIO.II THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, informing the House
that that body had concurred in the amend-
ments of the House to the amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 61, to establish cer-
tain post roads ; and also notifying the House
that that body had passed bills of the following
titles; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act (S. No. 93) to quiet title to certain
lands within the corporate limits of San Fran-
cisco;
An act (S. No. 132) to prevent and punish
kidnapping; and
An act (S. No. 117) for the relief of F. A.
Patterson, late a captain of the third Virginia
cavalry.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. ORTH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the committee on reconstruction be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of reporting
to this Ilouse an amendment to the Constitution pro-
viding that no person who held any office, civil or
mi.irriry, in the so-called confederacy, shall ever be
eligible to hold any office of honor, trust, or profit
under the Government.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object.
MEDICAL STATISTICS.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Re*ohnl, That the Committee on Appropriations
be, and is hereby, requested to inquire into the expe-
diency and utility ot' making such an appropriation
as will enable the Surgeon General oftbc United States
to compile troin the reports and other facts and sta-
tistics within his possession, a medical and surgical
history of the rebellion; and to report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. TTASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
ALBERT KEVINS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
commenced, the House resumes the consider-
ation of the bill reported on Friday last from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and pend-
ing when the morning hour expired on that
day. for the relief of Albert Nevins.
I he bill was read. It provides that the name
of Albert Nevins. late a private in company K,
ninety-second regiment New York volunteers,
shall be placed upon the list of pensioners at
the rate of twenty-five dollars per month, in lieu
of eight dollars per month heretofore allowed
him, to commence from the passage of this act.
The report was road.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time : and being engrossed, it
was accordingly rend the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AEIINAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
