1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
90i
gresa of the authority of the government under
which they are appointed, and binds all the
departments of the national Government to
consider and treat it as the loyal, rightful gov-
ernment of the State.
_ 3. The decision of Congress upon this ques-
tion is final and conclusive upon the President
and every department of the Government.
4. Until Congress has decided the question,
it is undecided.
To apply these principles to the case before
us. Here are eleven States asking the admis-
sion of their Senators and Representatives,
and by what authority do they claim this rec-
ognition ; because they are the old State organ-
izations, once in full relations with the Federal
Union organizations, overborne for a time by
the violence of treason, but now resuming the
authority they had before the war'? By no means.
The State governments now seeking recog-
nition in these States are not the same gov-
ernments that existed before the war, not the
same officers, not the same Legislatures, not
men elected to office on 1he same basis of suf-
frage. They supersede and set aside the old
State governments. The officers of many of
those States, elected before the war. were com-
missioned to hold their oliiees until their suc-
cessors were elected and qualified under the
provisions of the State law then existing. Those
successors have never been elected. Those old
State governments arc all destroyed; there is
left no longer any through whom their functions
can be exercised. Their Governors, legislators,
State officers of every name, became traitors,
civilly dead. Xew governments with recon-
structed constitutions ask recognition at our
hands. And bv whom are they reconstructed?
By the whole people, by the loyal people, even
by those who have a right to be heard, by those
who will truly support and defend the Consti-
tution of the United StatesThese questions
demand an answer, and the Congress of the
United Stale; is the only power in the Govern-
ment that can give the answer.
If the assent of Congress must be given to
the admission of a new State in order that it
may be determined whether such new State
has a republican form of government, if, when
there are two organisations, each claiming to
be the rightful government of a State, it rests
with Congress finally to determine for every
department of the Government which is the
true State government, as the Supreme Court
has expresslv dccidcd in the case I have cited,
then it assuredly follows, that when the State
organization has been subverted and destroyed,
the relations between the State and the na-
tional .Government broken, that Comrress is
the power that shall determine whether any
new organization which claims to be the State
government, but which has never been recog-
nized by Congress, is the rightful republican
government of the State, whether the organi-
zations in the States lately in rebellion are
governments organized by the lovpl people of
the States, and whether they are governments
republican in form, are questions which must
be at some time and in some way settled by
Congress. It must decide what it has not yet
decided—whether the organization in Georgia
(I name one State for convenience of illustra-
tion) is the act and choice of the loyal people
of that State, for it is as their act and choice
only that it can have any claim to be consid-
ered ss a government, or whether, if this or-
ganization is not fairly the act of the loyal peo-
ple, and is not created in pursuance of any low
of Congress, it is yet better to recognize it as
the basis for a reconstruction of the Union;
and I affirm, upon the authority of the case
cited, that until Congress has decided these
questions, they are not decided.
But one year ago the State of Georgia was in
the power of traitors; the power of the State
was used to subvert the Constitution and over-
throw the Government; her citizens had been
arrayed in arms against the soldiers of the Re-
public ; she had no actual relations with the
national Government except those which exist
between belligerent communities. Now, by
whose act^does that State resume its relations
with the General Government and become en-
titled to be represented in Congress, to aid in
directing the councils of the nation in making
its laws and in preserving its life and power?
Can it come back by its own State action? Can
rebels and traitors, by their own act, become
entitled to send Representatives to this House?
Is there this element of death in our political
system ? If not, does the amnesty act or the
special pardon of the President form the indi-
viduals thus pardoned into State governments
fully invested with the powers of loyal States,
and. requiring no assent of the people of the
United States, through their Representatives,
to their resuming their place in the Union? Do
those who have no State governments, because
they are pardoned for acts of treason, become
thereby State governments upon which Con-
gress shall have no right to pass and to declare
whether they arc republican in form? A par-
don confers only a capacity to take political
rights, and thus enables individuals to become
the bases of a political organization known as
a State.
Has the President the power to restore these
Stale governments ? The Constitution gives to
the President, as President, authority only to
'•take care that the laws be faithfully executed '
but it has not submitted to his judgment the
question whether any State has a republican
form of government.
So, too. as relates to the clause in the same
article of the Constitution providing for cases
of domestic violence. It rested with Congress
to fuHill this guarantee. Congress provided that
the President, upon application of the Legis-
lature. or, when it could not be convened, of the
Executive of any State, should call foith the
militia to suppress insurrection. If the insur-
rection should assume such proportions as to
destroy all State organizations and all civil gov-
ernment. then, when the insurrection is sup-
pressed and there is no armed enemy in hostility
to the Government, it is the duty of the Presi-
dent. as Commander-in-Chief of the Army, to
control the rebellious States thus reduced to
subjection, to keep order, to prevent anarchy:
and if, in his judgment, the best way to do this
is to appoint provisional governors, and to say
to the people, if you choose, in a certain way
which I point oui, to get together and make
regulations for the management of your own
internal affairs. 1 will help \on; and when I,
as Commander-in-Chief of the Army, am satis-
fied with v. hat you have done. I will do—what?
Dsclart; your reorganized governments repnb-
I lican in form, and now in full relations with the
j national Government, and of equal power m
i that Government wi'h the loyal States? Not
i so. But 1 will withdraw the Army, and my
! direct control of your affairs shall cease.
| Mr. SUELLABARGEK. There is a class
j of opinion in this House, which I will say is
: not mv own opinion, for I agree with the posi-
! tion taken by the gentleman i'rom Illinois, there
I is a class of opinion here like this: although
; it is true, as indicated in the dcei.-ion in the case
j of Luther s.\ Borden, that the political dopart-
i inent of the Government is to determine when
a loyal State government or a republican State '
government L established in a State and decide
which of two contending governments is the
! government of a State, yet under the act of ITU")
the political department of the Government,
;i to wit. Congress of the United States, hasdele-
j; gated the power to make that determination
! or recognition to the President of the United ,
; State-!, nnd that, therefore, as it is delegated by
i Congress to the President under the act of 170.5,
! it is competent for the President in the cxercisc
i and execution of that powerto make thatrccog-
■ nition : that the President has in fact made that ,
! recognition ; that in that way. through the dcle-
! gated powers derived under the act of 1795, he
has recognized those States in stub a way as to
be binding upon Congress. I should like to
1 hear the gentleman's views as to this class of
0] unions.
! Mr. COOK. In reply to the question pro- ;
! posed by the gentleman from Ohio, I have to i
say my view is this; while the power has been,
delegated to the President by the act of 1795
forthe purpose of putting down an insurrection
which does not go to the extent of abrogating
the government of a State; while ho may de-
cide under that law Ae rebellion is put down
and the old Government is restored to the ex-
ercise of full power, yet, after the rebellion has
gone to the extent of subverting the Stategov-
ernment, it does not clothe him with the power
to recognize another government setup in suck
way that its Senators and Representatives are
entitled to scats in Congress. If it bo true, when
the State government is utterly subverted and
overthrown, the President of the United States
has the power to say, when the people of a State
areagainin accord with the people of the Union
and the national Government, you will have the
spectacle presented of a granted power over-
riding State and national authority. There is
no escape from it. The case supposed is not
applicable, for before the President can act
under the law of 1795 there must bo the demand
of a State Governor or Legislature, and when
the rebellion is suppressed such Governor and
Legislature remain in power. There is no power
of reconstruction here. Could Congress grant a
power in 17i)"> which should conclude it now.
Suppose the Executive two years ago had recog-
nized the rebel government of South Carolina ;
would Congress have been bound thereby? If
you reply that it was a rebel government, I an-
swer, that is begging the question. I want to
be sure that these southern governments are
loyal, a proposition not entirely beyond ques-
tion.
11 is, however, to my mind too clear for argu-
ment that any government e-.tablislied in those
States, or either of them, is. to the extent that
it is the act of the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, a purely military government. A pro
visional governor appointed by the President,
as Commander-in-Chief, as the provisional gov-
ernors of these southern States were, is a mili-
tary ofiiecr, a commander of an army ; as sucli
can make only military appointments and es-
tablish only military governments. A purely
civil function of government cannot be per-
formed by a purely military officer: and to
judge and determine when States which have
utterly destroyed their loyal civil governments,
have established others republican in form, is
a question purely for the civil authorities.
It then follows as well from reason as from* the
authority citcd that these States v,liich have
been without any legally organized govern-
ments for four years, and have now reorgan-
ized their State governments, must submit to
Congress tlie question whether these reorgan-
ized governments are the acts of persons author-
ized to form State governments, that is of loyal
men, and whether they are republican in form.
It is said with great earnestness that the Presi-
dent has the only power to determine when the
rebellion is over and to end military authority,
leaving the States to the restored and recon-
structed governments. Where docs this prin-
ciple lead? Let me state it in other words; it
is, the President has a right to determine when
force is necessary to execute the law; has .a
right to set up military government in place
of any overthrown by disloyalty; and then has
the right to determine when those military
governments shall end, which involves the right
to determine how long they shall continue ; and
we might have the extraordinary spectacle
presented of the different departments of the
Government differing in opinion as to whether
an organization claiming to be a State go-* ern-
ment was really so or not; the Executive hold-
ing that there was no legal State government,
and that he, as Commander-in-Chief, mint set
up and continue military government in such
State, and Congress admitting Senators and
Representatives claiming seats under the au-
thority of the State organizations thus set aside
by the President, a conflict would result which
would render the harmonious operation of our
Government wholly impossible.
These States, it is said, cannot at any time
be controlled by Congress. While the rebellion
