1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
If the President may abandon the u experi-
ment" may not Congress do the same?
The message concedes congressional ratifi-
cation to "he necessary, by saying that this
"policy implies an invitation to those States"
(i to resume their /auctions,which can only
be done under the power to guaranty govern-
ment. if the corporate States survived, or
awoke from abe\yance, or if " sovereignty re-
verted to the people,"' neither executive or con-
gressional power could interfere. The obliga-
tion to guaranty republican government is not
to restore or preserve the original State gov-
ernment, but "a republican form of govern-
ment"—one in the discretion of Congress 5 a
new proof that the original corporate State may
forfeit existence. (Madison Papers, 728, 734,
704, S-14; 8-58, 801, <>13, 1139, 1241.)
LINCOLN'S POLICY OF RECONSTRUCTION*.
There can therefore be no valid de jure
reorganized civil State government unless pre-
viously authorized by Congress or now ratified
by it._
This is precisely the doctrine of President
Lincoln and the Congress which ratified the
new government created for Virginia in 1301.
Governor Peirpoint, of Virginia, in his mes-
sage of June 20, 1805. affirms in effect that the
lawful government of Virginia was abandoned
and destroyed by the rebellion; that the loyal
people set up a new government without pres-
idential intervention; but that it was unau-
thorized until ratified by Congress under the
power to guaranty State government. His lan-
guage is:
"1 shall not hero enter into a discussion of the causes
of secession, but will;-tate some 01 the political results
of that net, and in doing" so 1 shall quote lreely iroin
one of my former mo^a'-cc-s.
"In April, ISol, the State convention passed what
was called an ordinance 01 accession, pretending to
absolve the people of the Stato from the duties and
obligations ot citizens of tho United States and
thereby destroy our nationality. They attempted to
tran-fer the allegiance ot the people to a pretended
foreign nation. This action opposed by the loyal
men of the State as unlawful and revolutionary,hold-
ing that the Constitution of the United States was
adopted by the people of the United States and could
only be altered or amended by them, acting in con-
fonnity with its own piovisions for its amendment or
alteration.
" rlhe executive officer? of tho State having joined
the insiirrcct lomsts, th e ioval people of the State were
thiown upon their original right? as citizens ot the
Btafe and ot' the United States. They called a con-
vent) on. composed of the members elected to the Gen-
eral A^embiv, on the fourth Thursday of May, 1861,
and, in addition thereto, doubled the number ot dele-
:■* tiu.t each county wa* entitled to in the popular
biancb of the Legislature. The capital of the State
being in tho hands of the insurgents, the convention
assembled at Wheeling, on the 11th day of June, 18(31,
to take into consideration what was best to be done
for Virginia.
"Among the first ordinances which, they passed was
one to declaie the oflices of Governor, Lieutenant
Go voi ncr, and a t f orrf\v general vacant on account of
the incumbents of said offices having taken an oath
to -uppoi t what they deemed a foreign government;
and th.-1 convention proceeded to clect officers to fill
their places for the term of six months, and until the
kn al people of the State, by order of the General As-
semblv, should elect I heir successors.
"The Governor thu^ elected immediately notified
the President ot the United States oi the domestic vio-
lence ex^tinenn the State, and ot his inability to sup-
press A. and called for military assistance, in accord-
ance with the provisions of the Constitution of the
United State*.
"To tin-3 call the President of the United Stales,
through Ins Secretary of War, responded, both by
promi«m'.£ and sending military aid, also expressing
his knowledge of the acts and purposes of the con-
federation. The Executive of the (State, thus recog-
nized, immediately called together the General As-
sembly oi the State. Me-srs. Hunter and Mason, the
United fctate* Senators trom Virginia, having also
joined in the lebellion. the Legislature thus called
proceeded to elect two United States Senators to fill
their places. The Senatois thus elected were admit-
ted to sent-? in tho United States Scna'c.
"The Wheeling convention made but a single alter-
ation in the con>titution of the State, which was to
reduce tho numboi of members in each House of the
General A^emblv necv^aiy to constitute a quorum
todo They directed that the scat of gov-
ernment dionld be for the time being at Wheeling.
Before the State divided, the Le^islatm c\pa-^ed
an act direrm g the KKO'*uti v<\ upon the organization
of the neivSrafe of We^-t Virginia, to e-tabli^h the
seat of government v.ithin the State at such place as
lie me:hi d"<-ni h*. 1 cho-e Alo>.-n hri.
" J\:e imthoi ity for t hii; proceeding i< dor)ved n <>m
th;- fmuli -eetion ofthei.iuith ai tude of the Consti-
tution ot'i'10 United Sial'">^, which 1^ a- ioliows.
"'The UaiiC'i States -h til u uax anty to every State
in this Union i\ ropuldican !ojm of government, and
shall piotect cach of them against iuvasion, and, on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence/
_ "This clause was inserted in the Federal Constitu-
tion to protect the minority, or the party weaker in
available strength. Mr. Madison, in the Federalist,
speaking of thisclause, says:
"'At first view it might seem not to square with the
republican theory to suppose eitherthat the majority
have not the right or that a minority will have the
force to subvert the government, and consequently
that the Federal interposition can never be required
but when it would be improper. But theoretic reason-
ing in this, as in most other cases, must be qualified
bv lessons of practice. Why may not illicit combina-
tions for purposes of violence be formed as well by a
majority of a State, especially a small State, as by a
majority of a county or a district of the same State V"
* * * "'Among the advantages of a con-
federate 'republic enumerated by Montesquieu, an
important one is, that should popular insuirection
happen in one of the States, the others are able to
quell it. Should abuses creep into one part, they are
reformed by those that remain sound.
The great name of Lincoln has been invoked
to sanction the power of reconstruction under
presidential proclamation.
lie did, indeed, by his amnesty proclamation
of 18G3 propose a plan for the creation of new
governments.
But of this I remark:
1. This was done flagrante hello, as a war
measure, to induce the people to abandon re-
bellion. The same reason does not exist now.
2. lie did not maintain that governments
could be set up without the authority or ratifi-
cation of Congress, for his amnesty proclama-
tion says:
"Whether member? sent to Congress from any State
shall be admitted to seat', constitutionally rests ex-
clusively with the respective Houses, and not to any
extent with the Lxccutivc."
And Congress refused to admit Senators and
Representatives sent from Louisiana and Ar-
kansas as reorganized sub modo under Presi-
dent Lincoln's proclamation of I860.
0. He admitted the power of Congress, and
as there could not be two absolute powers con-
ceded he had none to create civil State govern-
ment.
And President Johnson in his message ad-
mits the same thing, saying:
"In case of the usurpation of the government of a
State by one man or an oligarchy, it becomes a duty
of the United States to make good the guarantco to
that State of a republican form oi government."
In his proclamation of July 8, 1SG4, Presi-
dent Lincoln said:
"I am unprepared" : v ' 44 to be
inflexibly committed to any single plan of restora-
tion."
And referring to the bill passed I13'Congress
authorizing the appointment- of provisional
governors to be charged with the administra-
tion of civil government until a State govern-
ment therein shall be reorganized as therein
provided, but which failed to become a law for
want of his approval, he says:
" I am fully satisfied with the system for restora-
tion contained in the bill as one very proper plan for
tho loyal people of any State choosin? to adopt it,
and that I am and at all times shall be prepared to
give the executive aid and assistance to any such
people,'' Ac.
Andinhis speech of April 11,1865, bespeaks
of ''the new State governments" to be organ-
ized in these States.
4. He declared himself in favor of "consti-
tutional conditions" as a light of the victor,
and one inherent in the nation, and he affirmed
that the idea of revived State government"
was ''simply absurd." ITc recognized the right
of imposing terms, a power already exercised
when Missouri and "West Virginia were admit- ;
ted into the Union. (3 Howard. GOO ; 5 Elliot's
Debates; 4'J2.)
In his message of December S. 180S. he says:
"Itis al«o profferedthatifin anvoftheStatesnamed
a State government shall be in the mode prescribed
set up, such government shall be rccognizcd and guar- !
antied by the United State, and that under it the j
State shall on constitutional conditions be protected 1
against invasion and domestic violence." * f '
> " An attempt to guaranty and protcct a re- j
vived State government constructed in whole or in i
preponderating.part from the veiy element against !
whose ho:tilit>;ii is to be protected i^ simply absurd. ,
STATE UOVEI^MLXIS xor YTT RPCOGXIZED IX REBEL ;
STATE*.
Butweare told that Congress lias apportioned
Representatives and direct taxes to all the States.
that national courts are held, post offices estab-
lished, and revenues collected; and thus all the
States have been recognized. I do not doubt
the continued existence of the geographical
State?, but if it be said that State'governmeats
have been recognized, I deny it.
"We hold national courts, collect revenues,
and appoint postmasters in Territories, but they
do not thereby become clothed with State gov-
ernments. The existence of a State govern-
ment is not necessary for any of these purposes.
Representatives and direct taxes were appor-
tioned before the present State governments
were bet up, and they are not therefore recog-
nized. (Act of March 4. 18C2, and August 5,
186].)
If this argument proves anything it proves
too much, it would prove that the rebel State
government of South Carolina was a valid State
government of the Union, for that was the only
State government exercising jurisdiction when
these acts were passed.
If Congress should even declare that a State
government existed when none in fact did, that
would not make it so. These acts only fixed
the number of Representatives and the amount
of taxes apportioned to each geographical State
in anticipation of the reestablishraent of State
government.
But it is said the Secretary of State is re-
quired by law to make publication of constitu-
tional amendments when "officially notified"
of their ratification by States, and that having
done so as to the amendment abolishing sla-
very, certain State governments arc thereby rec-
ognized. But his proclamation that he is "offi-
cially notified'' when there is no valid State
government to notify him, cannot change the
fact. He is not clothed with power to recognize
State governments, for that rests with Congress.
But we are gravely informed that the Presi-
dent has recognized the existing State govern-
ments as valid, and that his decision is "'final
and conclusive" and "could not be reviewed
or reversed by any authority whatever."
We are not told by what acts they have been
so recognized, but. the message itself denies
this by referring to Congress the question of
admitting Senators and Representatives. Ia
the Dorr rebellion case. (7 Howard,) the court
said that as Congress had by law made it the
duty of the President to suppress insurrection
in a case of two conflicting State governments,
" he must of necessity decide which is the gov-
ernment."
No such case has arisen for any decision of
the President as to existing governments in the
rebel States. But if so, the court did not declare
that his decision would be " final and conclu-
1 sire" oil the. Government of the United States.
; On the contrary, the court did say, "It rests
i with Congress to decide what government is
j the established one in a State.1''
And if the power may be transferred to the
President, may it not be withdrawn?
The power is not treated as an original con-
stitutional power of the President, for the court
say that Congress, "if they had deemed it most
advisable to do so, might have placed it in the
power of a court to dccide," instead of the
President.
Congress is the source of original power, and
no derivative authority can bj final and conclu-
sive against the Government. A power which
for the time being might be conclusive, as be-
tween conflicting State governments or on the
courts, is not conclusive on the nation.
This concession of "final and conclusive''
power to any one man is a, surrender of the
Constitution itself. What security is there
against the abuse of this power? States may
be made and unmade by the will of one man ;
and we are told "his decision is " final and con-
clusive.''
If President Buchanan, in December, 18G0,
had recognized the rebel government of South
Carolina as valid, would u be true that this—
"Was a final and conducive dociaion in favor of
that government, and such a decision as could not
be reviewed or reversed by any authority wnat-
ever?"—Globe, February 15.
