1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
No one shall bear arras who has borne arms against
the United States, unless he shall have taken the am-
nesty 0-i.rh in'csciibcd in the proclamation of rhePres-
jilciitot the United States, dated May 20,1805, ov the
oath ol allegiance, prescribed in the proclamation oi
th'jPresident,datedDeecmberfc,1833, within thetimc
pre-cnoed theiom. And no disorderly person, va-
grant, c,i disturber of the peace, shall be allowed "to
Ees r utm*.
XVII. To secure the same equal justice and per-
sonal liberty to the Ireodmcn as to other inhabitants,
no penalties or pnnislnnents different from, those to
whi'-h aii persons are amenable, shall be imposed on
frc%d people; and all crimes and offenses which are
prohibited under existing law.-*, shall be understood
as. prohibited in the case ol liecdmen; and if com-
mitted by a freedman, shall, upon conv.ction, be
punched in the Sdine manner as if committed by a
white man.
XVIIL. Ooiporeal punishment shall not be inflicted
upon any person other than a minor, and then only
by the parent, guardian, teacher, or one to whom said
minor js lawfully bound by indenture of apprentice-
ship.
XIX. Persons whose conduct tends to a hi each of
the peace may be required to give security for their
good behavior, and in default thereof shall beheld
in custody.
. XX. All injuries to the person or property commit-
ted by or upon freed persons shall be punished in the
manner piovidcd by the Jaws of .South Carolina, for
like injunes to the persons or pioperty of citi/cns
thereof. If no provision be made by the law« <>t the
Stat<\ then the punishment lor such offenses shall be
according to the course of the common law; and in
the ease of any injuiy to pei^on or propeity not pro-
hib.ted by the common Jaw, or lor which the punish-
ment shall not be appropriate, such sentence shall be
impo-cii. as, m the discretion ol the court before
wluch the trial is had, shall be deemed proper, sub-
ject to the approval of the general commanding,
XX.1. AH arrests, for wiialever cause, will be re-
norfed ta-monthly. with the proceedings thereupon,
through the proscribed channel, to tae genenilcom-
ma.idin'j:.
XXIi. Commanding officers ol dr^ricts, sub-dis-
tiio,  nd po-ts. within theii command:-respectively,
in the absence of the duly appointed aarent, will per-
form auv duty appertaining to the ordinary agents
of the liiiroau of Ketu?ees, Frcedmen, and Aban-
doned Land-, carefully observing lor their guidance
all oitlei Mjublishcd by the Commissioner or assistant
connni' -doner oi other competent authority.
XXI11. l)i <riel cuiumandeis will cniorce these reg-
ulations bv suitable instructions to sub-district and
po-it coniih.indci'', taking care that justice be done,
thar fau dealing between man andman be observed,
ami that no unnecessary hardship and noeiuel or
unu-nal pnn>ihment* be imposed upon any one.
By command of Major General I). E. Sickles:
W. L. 31. BUllGhR,
AbbUiant Adjutant (jeaeral.
And these are but specimens of what is neces-
sarily clone in the rebel States.
• CONDITION OP TENNESSEE.
Even in Tennessee, that most loj'al of all the
StnuM of tlio South, although by law rebels are
disfranchised, yet so  reat is their influence by
fraud and force and terror, that the military
power of the nation was invoked and employed
to control the elections of last August, and
then "a partial execution only of the laws was
obtained." and—
"The Governor was constrained to declare the elec-
tions void in twenty-nme countics of the State."
And the State Union central committee, in
their address of January 9, sav_of"the great
secession majority of Tennessee that
"Their sentiment*, sympathies, and passions re-
main urn-hanged. They welcome peace bec-au. e they
aredi-\ibled from making war. Tiiey submit because
they can no longer re^t. They accept le^ulN they
cannot reicct, smd prulcs loyalty because the> have
a halter uiound th-dr nock*. They i eco^nize the abo-
lition of slavery because they see it before them a> a
fact, hut thev sa*T it was acoomplnhcd by cross vio-
lations of the Constitution, that the negro is irce only
in fact, but not in law or of light."
And this is tivnr condition whilo they have the
hope oi'i'pMl,ration to induce good behavior, paid
ill the pj-esem-e of the military. What it will
be v, h<ri; the •>::!:ry i.- withdrawn and they
liave no favors to n Jk we may well imagine.
And the central committee further says:
" Af the next s;eneial election tho entire' _ * '
* • "powei nf the State must pass into me
hands of those who have so tout? oppressed taem Lt ic
TJmon people] and made war upon them.
And they pray that—
" If our form ofgovernmcnt is such that to admit, our
R^proI,triv- to ^eals m Conjrjv^-* will compei the
wirhdr;i waJ ofti\e,-urp Tvisiusr control of the national
Gowiunu-n' over our infernal affairs, thereby insur-
ing lite ascendency of the rebel majority, your mc-
rjiui t d'-t- pretV'' and tluv are sure th'  Iov.il people
of 1h«* Stale pre fer, i<> live in a territorial eonuUion,
and e-. -')• un<ler a military ^overiunent.'
And this address has been indorsed by a vote
of the Senate of lo-measee;
Governor Brownlow, of Tennessee, recently
declared in a speech that—
4< If General Thomas and his military forces were to
go away and leave us, this Legislature, at the head
of which I am placed, would be broken up by a mob
in forty-eight hours.''
And in a letter to Hon. Horace Maynard, of
January lo, he says;
"The rebels of the whole South daily grow more
bitter and defiant. In Middle and Kast Tennessee
they are daily increasing in bitterness; and take the
troops away, and Union men could not live m the
country."
And yet I am free to say Tennessee, in ad-
vance of and in a mode different from all other
rebel States, commenced the work of recon-
struction, and maj be more speedily entitled to
recognition and representation.
General Grant, in his report of December
18, to the President, says:
"Four years of war, duringwliichlawwasexecuted
only at the point of the bayonet throughout the States
in rebellion, have lettthe people possibly in acondi-
tion not to yield that rendy obedience to civil author-
ity the American people have generally been in the
habit of yielding. This would render the presence of
small garrisons throughout tho.se States necessary
until sui-h time as labor returns to its proper olianneU
and civil authority is fully established. I did not meet
anv one, either those hosdmg places under the Gov-
ernment or citizens of the southern States who think
it pi aeticable to witlidiaw the militaiy iiomthe South
at present,"
General Carl Schurz, in liis report, says :
" I may sum up all I bare said in a few words.
"It nothing were necessary but to restore the ma-
chinery of government in the States lately in rebellion
in point of lorm, the movement ma.le to that end by
the people of the South might be considered satisfae-
°"5But if it is required the southern people should
also accommodate themselves io the results of ttie
war in point of spirit, these movements fait far short
of what must be insisted upon.
" The loyalty of the musses and most of the leaders
of the southern people < on.-i-U in submission to ne-
cessity. There is. except in individual instances, an
entire absence of that national spirit which forms the
basis of true loyalty and patriotism.
"The emancipation of the slaves is submitted to
only in so tar as chattel slavery in the old form could
be kent up. But, although thefieedman is no longer
considered the property of the individual mastci, he
is considered the slave of society, and ail independ-
ent State legislation will show the tendency to make
him such. The oidiuances abolishing slaveiy, passed
by the conventions under the pressure ot circum-
stances, will not be looked upon as barring theestab-
lishnient of anew lorm of seivitude.
"Practical attempts on the part of-the southern
people to deprive the negro of his rights as a freed-
man may result in bloody collision,, and will cer-
tainly plunge southern society into restless fluctua-
tions and anarchical contusion.
"Such evils can be prevented only by continuing
the control of the national Government iu the Slates
lately in rebellion until ttee laboi is fully developed
and firmly established, and the advantage<and bless-
ings of themcw order of tilings ha\ e disclosed them-
selves. This desirable result w.il be hastened by a
fnm declaration on the part ol the Government that
national control ill the South will not cease until
such results are secured. Only in this way can tuat
security be established 111 the South whieli will len-
der numeious immigration possible, and such immi-
gration would materially aid a favorable development
of things."
The purpose to maintain the State-rights
heresy of judging of the extent of and resisting
the national authority, is shown in the recent
convention iu Mississippi called to reorganize
civil government there. The convention rati-
fied the constitutional amendment abolishing
| slavery, with three conditions ; oneprotiding—
"That the amendment shall not be construed to
I allow Congi'ess to abolish slavery 'vrlieio it lawfully
exists in any State that may refuse to ratify tho
amendment.' "
And another that—
Federal Government.' through the instrumentality of
a constitutional amendment/'
The whole question of our duty to ratify or
provide for permanent civil State government
then is resolved into this: is it expedient to set
'! up and clothe with national and State power
!l civil State governments which must ihoniselves
' be controlled by our nuns? Or while military
i| force remains necessary, is if not better to con-
timio provisional ooverumeius. limited to their
[i appropriate functions.' Vt'e may call govern-
i; incut civil which is ran by the military aim. but
j| as such it is a mockery and a ?ham.
But when shall the States be restored t6
political power?
I answer that will depend on the people of
the States themselves. When loyalty returns,
when permanent civil government shall be
practicable, in the sense that it shall bring
obedience to national authority, and protect
the Union population and the freedmen in the
enjoyment of their rights, with security for the
future assured, then can the work of restoration
be made complete. When there shall be a loyal
majority in any State able to control State gov-
ernment and prevent it from falling into the
hands of traitors who will destroy it, then can
State government be restored. No one can
more devoutly desire the speedy coming of that
day than I. i will greet and welcome to these
Halls, with guarantees of peace and secm-ity
and justicc, the loyal Representatives of every
State. But it will not come while as now in.
the South loyalty is regarded as a crime, and
treason alone is the passport to office. It can-
not come while people and Legislatures deride,
despise, and set at defiance our Constitution
and laws. It cannot come while Senators and
Representatives are elected because they were
conspicuous for treason and will continue to be
traitors. We are asked to admit Herschel V.
Johnson and Alexander H. Stephens as Sena-
tors from Georgia—the vice president of the
rebel confederacy. If this be southern loy-
alty. Breckinridge and even Davis himself will
speedily reenter this Capitol.
THE PRESIDENT'S POLICY.
I hear much said of the President's policy
and the duty to pursue it. The great Union
party of the country has, in the providence of
God, been charged with the duty of preserv-
ing the national existence, and as a means to
that end. of giving freedom to a race. In this
work 1 was proud to follow its fortunes, and
to hail as one of its champions the ''faithful
among the faithless"—Andrew Johnson.
In the hour of its triumph it-is treason to
mankind to desert it by betraying the interests
and the hopes of the loyal into the hands of
their worst enemies. No act of mine shall
contribute to this result. I will yield all but
patriotism, honor, and duty to preserve har-
mony among the depositaries of its power, for
if it'shall perish, then, indeed, the hope of the
Republic is gone. Let each department of the
Government perform its appropriate function
and pursue the policy marked out ior us by the
Constitution and the people, and the triumphs
of peace will be as signal^ as the victories of
war. Tho power to determine when State gov-
ernment is restored, to guaranty it with appro-
1 priate terms, and to say when Senators and
\ Representatives shall be admitted is the power
' of the people speaking through Congress, and
can never be suirendered. Let us believe that
the President and Congress alike will accept
their verdict and execute their will. The right
of mv own native State to speak in the decision
of these great questions will never be surren-
dered by me. Oil this common platform all
mav haimoniously stand.
''The bases of our political system," said
Washington in his Farewell Address, -'is the
right of the people to make and to alter their
constitutions of government.''
The right of Congress to submit to State Le-
gislatures constitutional amendments tor their
approval or rejection is undoubted, and requires
no action of the President. 'I he President
exacted terms of the conventions assembled
under his proclamations—a ratification ot the
constitutional amendment abolishing slavery,
a declaration of the nullity of secession, and a
repudiation of the rebel war debt by State con-
  stitntions. He admits tho justice of a consti-
| tutional change m the basis of representation
j and direct taxes. In his message lie declares :
| "That good faitli requiresthe security of the freed-
' men in their liberty, their light to labor, and their
i right to claim the just return of their labor. '
: Ti' the people demand that some or all of these
' or other principles be made irreversible law,
; a part of the Constitution, who shall cleny their
I right or defeat their purpose to do so? In this
