THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
form can terms of reconstruction and guaran-
tees of peace be made enduring and alike ap-
plicable to all the States. In all that we do let
it be our purpose to guaranty government re-
publican in form and in fact. Let us—•
"Close forever the approaches of internal feud, and
so return to the ancient concord and the old way of
national prosperity and permanent glory."
And when we have done this—
■ "Let as here, in this temple consecrated to Union"
* * * * " on these altars, in the presence
of that image of the Father of his Country that looks
down upon us, swear to preserve honorable peace with
all the world and eternal brotherhood with each
other."
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, in the com-
mercial arena, the man of business who does
not often post his books is not regarded by his
fellow-men as very sure of success.
In accordance with that rule, as applied to
men in the commercial world, it was announced
a. few days ago upon the other side of the House,
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Hard-
ing,] ''that it was time a little posting was
done.''
Unlike, however, the wise man in the com-
mercial arena who posts his own books, and
learns to a fraction his own commercial status
and Ms relation to those around him, the gen-
tleman seemed willing to pass silently over the
record of himself and his party, and with a
zeal only equaled by his bitterness, undertook
to post the records of the Union party of this
country, against which the gentleman and his
party have been so stubbornly opposed for the
last five years.
But, sir. as the gentleman proclaimed to this
House and the country that it was time a lit-
tle posting was done, I thought with him : and
let me tell the gentleman and his political
friends that the great Union paity which has
stood by the nation's flag and borne it aloft
amid the fierce storm of war, are always willing
that the books should be posted, and the great
measures of the party, for the support of which
they have received the unmeasured abuse of
traitors and their sympathizers, held up to the
inspection of the patriotic millions of this land.
We are not the men, sir, to shun such an
examination. The party which has shaped the
policy of this nation since the election to the
Presidency of the great martyr to the cause of
liberty, and which has never turned its back
upon the Government in its contest with treason
and rebellion, and which has procured the rec-
ognition of the great principles of freedom
throughout the land, has no cause for alarm
when it is proposed to spread before the world
its political record.
Sir, we are willing that the items of the ac-
count .shall be called over, the long columns
added together, a balance sheet struck, so that
the people may see at a glance how the matter
stands. And may I call upon the loyal people
to hold to strict accountability the party who
is the debtor, as appears from a posting since
the beginning of the accursed rebellion.
For a long series of years prior to the elec-
tion of Mr. Lincoln, the gentleman's party was
in power and had possession of all the depart-
ments of the Government; we had a-Democratic
President, a Democratic Congress, and a Dem-
ocratic judiciary. And, sir, when the Union
party sent a President to this capital to take
upon himself the high trust confided to him, he
found a country divided, a southern confed-
eracy formally established by a secession of a
part of the States from the Union, and a new
government organized with a distinguished
Democrat presiding over it at another capital
in the State of Georgia.
Sir, when the Union party took possession
of the various departments of Government,
treason, avowed and secret, infested all the
high places of trust and honor, and had scat-
tered its deadly poison among the people until
Union and liberty had almost perished away.
And when the President, elected according to
the forms of the Constitution, in pursuance of
his oath had announced 1,0 the country that he
could do 110 less than possess and hold the
property of the Government and enforce the
laws, if necessary, by force; all about us we
heard the cry that such declarations were un-
necessary and only calculated to excite the
southern heart. And, sir, when that good man
from the kindness of his heart determined to
supply the starving garrison at Sumter with
bread, peaceably if he could, but forcibly if he
must, that same party again sent up the wail,
Do not undertake to send bread to that starv-
ing band of heroes; if you do, you will bring war
upon our peaceful heads.
But, sir, the Government did make the effort
to feed the little band of patriots, and although
the shot and shell of traitors had driven them
from the fort before the messenger of mercy
reached them, yet, thanks to Him who rules the
destinies of men and nations, they came out
with flying colors, beating drums, and amid the
booming of their own cannon ; and from that
hour the spirit of patriotism stirred the hearts
of the people, and to-day we can stand in these
Capitol Halls of a saved country, redeemed
from the thralldom of treason and oppression.
Sir, let me remind gentlemen as wo run over
the items of the account and turn the historic
leaves page by page, that in the Legislatures,
in the White House, all over the land, prior to
the inauguration of Abraham Lincoln, we heard
the oft-repeated declaration that it was uncon-
stitutional to wage a war against the rebels,
because, as the gentleman's party by its Presi-
dent said, " You cannot coerce a State."
The people of the seceded States, as individ-
uals. as Federal office-holders, as States, in all
and every capacity in which they lived and
moved and had their being, were organizing
rebellion against the national Government and
national Constitution; and yet that party, in
possession of all the departments of the Gov-
ernment, by their President, told the people of
this country, that notwithstanding secession
was wiong and rebellion a crime, yet we cannot
help it, because the States are committing these
outrages and crimes, and there is no authority
under the Constitution to coerce a State.
The great seal of State affixed to the ordi-
nance of secession protected the people of the
State in their conspiracy to overthrow the Gov-
ernment, notwithstanding each man alone and
combined with all the rest was daily violating
the statute-law of the Government, and com-
mitting the greatest crime known to the law in
any country—the crime of treason.
But, sir, I will not dwell here. The loyal
people of this country soon saw the shallowness
and rottenness of such theories, and when the
party now in power took possession of the sev-
eral departments of the Government, these
clogs which were dragging the nation down
were thrown off, and the people, lead on by the
great Union party, enunciated the old doctrine
that the people could not commit treason, or-
ganize insurrections and rebellions, and secede
from the Union at will, either as individuals,
States, or combinations of States, and any at-
tempt to do so would be resisted by all the
power of the Government.
When the Union party by its Chief Executive
asserted that this Union could not be dissolved
at will, and that any attempt to do so wovdd be
promptly met, the war began, and I need not
j tell this House with what relentless fury it was
waged for four years.
1 The old doctrine of nullification and State
sovereignty had recovered from the staggering
blows it received in ]*'>•_' and 183" from the
determined and heroic: Jackson ; and as it was
rinrtured into strength by the Administrations !
of Pierce and Buchanan, supported by the gen- j
tleman's party, it bid defiance to any national j
authority, and performed the quiet task of dis-
solving the Union by secession ordinances, and
the erection on a part of the fragments of the
old Union what tliey decreed should be a new
confederacy, having for its corner-stone the
divine institution of slavery, as they pleased to
term it.
But, ...ir, to com'me my remarks to a discus-
sion andrcview of events as they occurred since
the coming into power of the Union party.
When the war began the great business of the
loyal people was to_ save the life of the nation
and crush out all its enemies. In the judg-
ment of that party it became necessary to pass
laws for the enrollment and draft, if need be,
of soldiers to fight the battles of the Union. As
a war measure the Union party believed it right
and necessary to authorize the confiscation of
the property of rebels ; to proclaim the free-
dom of all the slaves in the rebellious districts;
to allow the colored man to shoulder the mus-
ket and help the Government hold up the ban-
ner of the Kepublic.
It became necessary, in the judgment of the
Union party, to suspend the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus. It was thought wise and
just to abolish slavery in the District of Colum-
bia; to" repeal that abominable fugitive slave
law; and, finally, in the latter half of the nine-
teenth century, after the nation had given its
best blood and treasure, contending against a
foe blinded by the love of human slavery, it was,
thought proper to amend that great charter
given to us by our fathers, whereby slavery
should be forever prohibited within fhe juris-
diction of the United States.
Sir, all these great measures were originated
and perfected by the Union party of this coun-
try for the sake of the Union, for the cause of
humanity, and for the establishment of the
American Government upon the solid founda-
tions of justice.
Who is there in all the loyal North to stand-
up to-day in the light of a saved nation and a
free country, and say that these measures were
not right 7
The man who believes in the Declaration of
Independence, that all men are born free and
equal, and are entitled to life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness, and in the kindred senti-
ment, "Do unto others as ye would that they
should do unto you," can have no remorse of
conscience over the repeal of the fugitive slave
law, the abolition of slavery in this District,
or in the complete ratification of the amendment
abolishing slavery throughout the land.
But as I post the books may I turn a leaf
and learn the position of the gentleman's party
as these measures, one by one, came before the
country? They said they were opposed to the
war because they said we had no power to coerce"
a State, that this Government could only be
maintained by peaceable means, under the ad-
ministration of which one third of the States
had already seceded. They were opposed to
the passage of a law providing for a draft to
fill up the depleted ranks of our Arm}' in the
field, because they said we were making a des-
potism of the Government, and the liberties of
the people were thereby taken from them. They
were opposed to the policy of confiscating the
property of rebels during the war, because they
said such laws were unconstitutional. They
were opposed to the suspension of the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus, because they said
that men were ruthlessly dragged from their
peaceful homes and the freedom of spccch and
of the press was denied, and personal liberty
destroyed. They were opposed to the repeal
of the fugitive slave law because they desired
not to further aggravate the southern heart by
refusing to stand guard for the southern slave-
driver and stop the panting negro yearning for
his freedom as he sought the land of protection
to him. They were opposed to the pi'Qciama-
tion of the President setting the slaves all free,
because they said we were making the war a
war against slavery, and not a war forthe Union.
They were opposed to the policy of allowing
the black man to take his place in the Union
Army and help our heroes to beat back the
rebel horde, because they said our gallant men
would thereby be disgraced. They were op-
posed to the adoption of the, constitutional
amendment prohibiting the existence of sla-
very in our land, because they said we were
thereby talcing away the vested rights of the
people to their slaves.
Sir, those measures, originated and adopted
by the Union party, and ratified by the loyal
people, and opposed by the party to which the
gentleman belongs, have all passed into history,
