1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
911
ana under their operation and influence the
life of this great nation 1ms been purified and
saved.
But, sir, we are charged with being false to
our professions, and do not disclose to the peo-
ple our reai political designs. In what have we
been false or hypocritical ?
We declared we were for crushing the rebel-
lion by force of arms, and we have done it. By
plain legislative action we abolished slavery in
this District. We repealed the fugitive s-lave
law, and in doing it we sought to deceive no
man.
The proclamation of the President freeing
the slaves in the rebellious States was plain and
simple, so plain that the poor down-trodden
negro, unlettered and blind as he was, caught
the spirit and sense of the immortal paper, and
with heart full of joy and gladness, and songs
of gratitude upon his lips, was ready to defend
.the nation so justly ruled by his great deliverer-
The amendment to the Constitution abolish-
ing and prohibiting slavery within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States had no secret mean-
ing, and was designed to accomplish the great
object declared by its terms.
Sir, I have given you the main items of the
account as they occur in the official records of
the country, though not in the order of time in
which they were written. And I am willing to
rest the matter in the hands of loyal people to
decide.
The people know well the history of the great
straggle through which we have been passing,
and She relative position of the political parties,
and they will be slow to believe that the Union
party or its leaders have been false or hypo-
critical in their political action in shaping its
policy or announcing its declarations of prin-
ciples.
Bat, sir, the great question is, what is the
condition of things to-day in our land, and
what is our duty as Representatives of this
Congress, under our sworn and registered ob-
ligations to our country, to the Constitution,
to humanity, and before God. who controls
the destinies of men and of nations?
The rebellion in its organized form is put
down, the armies of the rebellion have sur-
rendered. the flag that once waved in peace
over the capitals of all the States of the Union
again floats in triumph, with no hand even in
- the lately rebellious States that dare to mo-
lest it. The power of the nation has been vin-
dicated, the problem of civil liberty has been
solved, the doctrine of nullification has rightly
been trampled in the dust, and to-dav we find
our:elves, as the Congress of the United States,
charged with as great responsibilities as legis-
lators as has rested upon any Congress since
the formation of the Government.
We find among us four million free colored
people. What shall be done with them? Shall
we turn aside with indifference and pander to
a morbid prejudice against a portion of the
human race because of color ?^ Sir, I shall
not. Over one hundred and sixty thousand
of these men have borne aims In defense of
the Union : they came forward at the call o_f
their Government. It is much to .say their
Government, when I refer to those who were
slaves: but, sir. they called it their Govern-
ment, and never has the instance been heard
of during all the dreadful night ot gloom and
rebellion where one ot them, old or young,
bond oi' free, ever turned his back upon the
American ilag. or betrayed the cause ot his
country.
We have them among us. with these facts
staring us in the faec. and the nation is called
upon by all the principles of gratitude, right,
and justice to see to it that they are protected
in all iheir natural and civil rights.
It remains tor this Congress, the first since
the close of the rebellion and the ratification
of the constitu< lonal amendment abolishing sla-
very. ;,j s;!y whetlierwe shall show ourselves
craven cowards and fail to protect these people,
or whether we shall meet the responsibility and
deal justly.
Biit, sir, as we como forward with measures
of protection to these helpless people we are
met again by that same negative party, which
has long been a party of negative rather than
a party of affirmative principles, and the cry is
that we have no power under the Constitution
to pass such a law as has passed this and the
other House of this Congress known as the
Freedmen's Bureau bill.
But, sir, that bill has become a law, as I take
it for granted the Executive will sign it. and
when wo pass that other bill now in the House,
giving to all men, without regard to color, their
civil rights under the law, we shall have done
but simple acts of justice, and the doing less
would be a dereliction of duty for which we
should justly be called to account.
We find ourselves opposed again in the Sen-
ate of the United States, and among the peo-
ple, by that same party as we present the
bill which I have just referred to for their sup-
port ; and when we come again with a measure
declaring that if the elective franchise is de-
nied to any persons on account of race or color,
that then the people of that race or color shall
not be counted in the basis of representation,
again we are met by the gentleman and his
party declaring that our purpose is to overturn
the Government and violate the Constitution
because we desire to amend it in the mode pre-
scribed by its terms.
But, sir, the Union party has a mission to
perform, and in spite of all opposition of gen-
tlemen who are fond of the ancient order of
things, when liberty of speech was abridged,
and the bludgeon used to silence the voice elo-
quently pleading for the oppressed of the land,
they will move steadily on to the accomplishment
of the great ends of justice, for which Govern-
ments are formed, and should be maintained;
the fires of liberty are lit anew in the hearts of
the people.old traditional prejudices are passing
away, and the " Union and liberty, one and in-
separable, now and forever," is again the watch-
word among the patriotic sons of America.
Mr. Speaker. 1 do not mean to disregard the
Constitution of my country. I regard it as the
great palladium of our liberties. I am for a close
observance of all its wise provisions : it was the
work of wise and patriotic men. It will stand
as a peerless monument to the memory of our
fathers wdio made it, surpassing the wisdom of
any former time ; and we should hesitate long
before doing an act ofdonbtfu! constitutionality.
But let us not refuse to perform a great moral
and political duty, and then, to protect ourselves
from the just execrations of the people« dig up^
some vague doubt as to the constitutionality ot
the measure we opposed.
But, sir, there is' another great question be-
fore us, which if we would, we cannot turn aside.
The rebellion in its organized form is over; and
the question now is, what shall be done with that
portion of our country lately under its wicked
control?
In the language of the lamented Lincoln,
"We all agree that the seceded States are out
of their proper practical relations with the
Union,'' and that our object is to get them into
" their proper practical relations ' with the
Union. It is hard, Mr. Speaker, to talk about
this question without admitting the fact that
they were practically out ot the I nion. ^ They
were out of their proper relations with the
Union because as Stale organizations they had
seceded from the U nion so tar as they were able.
They were out of their proper practical rela-
tions with the Union because the people ot the
rebellious States had all or nearly all openly
rebelled against the i'ltion. Fortour years the
whole power of the people in the rebellious
States was used in waging war against the Union
with a ferocity unparalleled in the ^history of
civilization. To use the languasro of the Chief
Justice of the United States in his letter to the
President on the 12th of October last, the se-
ceded States were declared In the executive and
lesislative departments of the national G-overn-
m'ent to be in rebellion, and their relations to
the Go\eminent broken, and, sir, that broken
relation continued until the power of the na-
tional Government became greater than the
power of the people of the States in rebellion.
The people of the rebellious States attempted
to destroy the Union by the separation of a part
of the States from the Union, and by the erec-
tion upon the ruins of the old Union of another
government in its stead. They failed to accom-
plish their design: their ordinances of secession;
their resolving themselves out of the Union;
their attempt to fight themselves out of the
Union, all failed, and in spile of all their ef-
forts to get out, the loyal people of the nation
kept them in. No State can by any act of its
own sever its connection from the Union. A
State may forfeit its right to representation; its
people may all commit crimes against the laws
and Constitution of the Government; the proper
relation of the State to the Government may be
broken by the insurrections and rebellions of
the people, yet the State is not out of the Union
so as to lose the jurisdiction to the Government
over it until all the balance of the people of
the Union consent to let her go, or until a suc-
cessful rebellion takes her out in spite of the
efforts of the Government to keep her in.
But, sir, wdien I say this I do not mean to
be understood as defending the theory that the
Congress has no right to take hold of these
States and people and examine their political
condition most thoroughly. Isaythat, although
these rebellious States are in, territorially, the
Union, and cannot get out by any act of theirs,
yet by their rebellion they have forfeited their
right to representation in the Halls of Con-
gress, and placed themselves where the na-
tional Government can determine at will when
they shall resume again their original positions
and have a voice in the legislative halls of the
nation.
Sir, the very first act of rebellion was in the
States passing their ordinances of secession,
declaring their connection with the Union af?
an end ; their acts of secession were followed
up by confederating together in the formation
of another government, and in the adoption
of such measures as in their judgment would
aid in the permanent establishment of that
government. All the officers of state in each
of the States operated together to destroy the
old and build up a new government upon its
ruins. By State legislation and State procla-
mations and State military orders. men, money,
and credit were given to the organization which
had for its object the dissolution of the Union
by the separation of the seceded States. For
four years the proper relation of these States
to the Union was cut off by their separate and
combined action. And yet we are told by gen-
tlemen that after all this, after the nation has
staggered under the load Of debt and been sorely
oppressed with taxes, after it has witnessed the
sacrifice upon the battle-field and in the Libbvs
and Andersonvilles of three quarters of a mil-
lion of her brave sons struggling with the armies
of the rebellion, and after the last tragic act of
the bloody drama is consummated, and the civ-
ilized world is startled as the Chief Executive
is stricken down as with the dagger of a Brutus
by the hand of a hired assassin—I say after all
this, wo are told that these people, fresh from
all these scenes of carnage, are defiantlv_ to
take their places again in our national councils,
and the loval people of the always loyal States
by their lawfully constituted Senators and Rep-
resentatives have no constitutional power to
tell them to stop one moment until we can look
beyond their certificates, many of which are
signed by newly-made Governors with rebel
straps upon their shoulders and pardon« in
their pockets, and learn whether their States
are now loval or still cherishing that same spirit
of rebellion and fiendish barbarity which char-
acterized them in the struggle to destroy the
nation. -
Sir. before we admit these States to full fel-
lowship again, have we not the constitutional
right to slop and inquire whether they mean to
come here and by political management attempt
to do what they have not been able to do by the
use of the sword?
But a few months ago, sir, while the honor-
able gentlemen now on thi° floor, who were
