THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
members of the last Congress, were sitting in
these Halls' voting, to defray the expenses of
tfye war, a thousand million dollars, the deafen-
ing sounds of the thundering artillery still rang
in their ears, as-it told the mournful story that
another sanguinary battle was raging.
, We are still'voting money, sir, and authoriz-
ing loans,- making more stringent the revenue
laws, and taxing all the energies of our intel-
lects to raise money to pay the soldier yet in
the field, a 4 to pay the interest upon the war
Aebt as it becomes due. Thousands of our gal-
lant volunteers are still in the field, pleading to
be permitted to return to their loved ones at
home, but are kept in the service in these rebel-
lious States because their presence is necessary
to maintain order and protect the loyal people.
Sir, is it to be the policy of this Government
to keep a standing army oh duty in the South,
and at the same time open the doors and be-
stow, upon its people full political rights in the
Government? Even in the State of Tennessee,
which sends distinguished gentlemen, some of
whom I personally know, and believe they are
loyal men, is now patrolled by national soldiery;
and wo are told by the Governor that their
removal would, result in the expulsion of their
Legislature, and death or banishment from, the
State of all the active loyal men.
Brownlow says:
"I give it as my candid opinion, that if the military
forces were all withdrawn trom Tennessee the Legis-
lature would at once be dispersed by a rebel mob."
A. J. Fletcher, the secretary of state, says:
"Indeed, if the military was withdrawn now, the
legislature could not reassemble, nor would the Gov-
ernor, or any loyul Governor, be safe for a single day."
This is the testimony of two State officers of
that State.
Can it be, sir, that we are compelled by our
constitutional obligations, or by any reason or
law, to admit to representation a State in such
condition?
Sir, if we have not the rightful power to
control this question, then our Government
is a sham, having no inherent power to protect
itself, and treason and death will soon para-
lyze every vital function of its unnatural exist-
ence. The plain, liberty-loving people, sir, do
not so read and interpret the Constitution. They
believe that when our fathers made that im-
mortal instrument they made it broad enough
to give protection to those who stood by it and
to enable the loyal people to prevent its destruc-
tion.
I believe that Congress has the full power of
reconstructing the rebellious States. When I
say this, I make no quarrel with the course of
our President in regard to the part he has per-
formed in attempting to reorganize and govern,
them since their armies surrendered. What
he has done lie did as an experiment and with
patriotic motives, believing it to be for the best,
and to be the wisest course he could pursue.
These governments are merely temporary,
dictated by the President, and founded upon no
civil authority. State or national, but are the
result of the judgment of the President in the
absence of Congress, and enforced or set aside
by the military power whenever deemed neces-
sary by military commanders under the direc-
tion or sanction of thoPresiuentas Commander-
in-Chief. They are, in fact, substantially military
governments taking the place of the civil gov-
ernments which were displaced, being in the
interest of rebellion.
If such is the. fact, of which there can be no
doubt, where is the authority for saying that the
men, styling themselves Representatives and
Senators, sent here by a military government
established by the President of the Uniled States
in his own mode and manner, without consult-
ing the laws or State governments as they ex-
isted at the close of the rebellion, are entitled
to seats upon this floor? I am unable, sir, to
discover that there is any legal or constitutional
provision requiring us to admit them; and it
behooves us to move exceedingly carefully as
we perform the work of reorganizing these
States and see to it that we do not fritter away
the golden opportunity of placing the Govern-
ment upon a basis of just and right principles
which, if rigidly adhered to by the people in
the future, will be a sure guarantee against any
more rebellions.
If the people of the rebellious States are still
disloyal, there is no provision of the Constitu-
tion entitling them to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States. If it is true that
we are required to patrol those States with an
army to protect the loyal white men and poor
freedmen and to suppress treason, where is the
propriety of admitting them to representation ?
I read, Mr. Speaker, in the Constitution of
my country that—
"Each House shall be the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members."
I read that—
"Congress shall havepower to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises to pay the debts and pro-
vide for the common defense and general welfare of
Ihe United States."
I read in the Constitution that the United
States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government.
These, sir, are some of the plain provisions
of the Constitution, and are intended as safe-
guards to the perpetuity and purity of the Re-
public. Under them, I am sure we are not
required to admit Representatives from States
not republican in form nor grant representa-
tion to a disloyal people. The "general wel-
fare" of the country, by such a magnanimous
proceeding, would not be very greatly subserved.
When the people of the United States de-
clared to the world that they made the Consti-
tution "in order to form a more perfect Union,
establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity,
provide for the common defense, promote the
general welfare, and secure the blessings of
liberty to themselves and their posterity," they
did not realize that those sublime declarations
were all glittering generalities, and that under
the Constitution so ordained the recognition of
rebellious States to full fellowship in the Union
was calculated to form amoreperfectUnion, to
establish justice, promote the general welfare,
insure domestic tranquillity, or secure the bless-
ings of liberty to the people.
Sir, I will not dwell longer upon this subject;
the proposition is too plain that when the peo-
ple of a State rebel against the authority of the
national Government, so that its proper practi-
cal relation to the Government is broken, the
right of representation of such State by its re-
bellion is destroyed, and the State can be held
to its obligations to the Union and restored to
the privilege of representation when in the judg-
ment of the sovereign Government it may be
safe so to do.
I do not desire to deal harshly with these
States or any fallen enemy. Rather would I
turn from the scenes of rebellion and barbarity
which have been enacted by those engaged in
the attempt to overthrow the Republic, and look
upon a brighter, better scene as we commence
the great work of rebuilding upon the scattered
ruins of those once prosperous States. I shall
not be guided in my action as a legislator by
malice or revenge. But, sir, I cannot, forget
the thousands of brave and gallant men who
laid down their lives in the terrible struggle that
the nation might live. I cannot forget that four
long years were required to crush out the cause-
less, wicked rebellion against the best Govern-
ment in the world.
Sir, I cannot forget that night in April last
when thai great man, so fitly styled the saviour
of his country, was murdered by a fiend, pushed i
on by the maddened exasperation of a dying j
rebellion.
Sir, 1 perhaps feel as keenly the result of that
last tragic act as any man upon this floor. Abra-
ham Lincoln, a martyr for the cause of liberty
and patriotism, murdered by traitors, now sleeps
in the bosom of my own State and city; the
patriotic sons of the Prairie State will closely
guard his honored remains. And as we pro-
ceed in the performance of our responsible
duties, let us stand by that old maxim, "Let
justice be done though the heavens shall fall."
Mr. PLANTS. If it is the pleasure of the
House to adjourn now, or if some other gen-
tleman desires to speak at this time, I will yield
the floor. I am rather too hoarse to speak now
without great inconvenience to myself. '
Mr. GRINNELL. I will move that the
House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned till Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 19,1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
credentials presented.
Mr. WADE presented the credentials of Hon.
Johs Sherman, chosen as Senator by the Legis-
lature of the State of Ohio for the term of six
years, commencing on the 4th day of March,
1867; which were ordered to be placed on the
files of the Senate.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Arizona, expressing joy at the suc-
cessful termination of the late war for the Union,
and sympathy with those whose homes have
been made desolate, and gratitude to Almighty
God for His protection in the trying hour of
conflict; also in favor of the plan of reconstruc-
tion inaugurated by the President of the United
States in the States lately in rebellion; which
were ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
ThePRESIDBNTjoroiemporealsopresented
a petition of descendants of Joseph Sherman,
an officer of the Rhode Island troops during the
revolutionary war, praying for compensation
for supplies furnished to the American Army in
1778; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas i n favor of a grant
of the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections of the
Cherokee Indian lands for the support of schools
in that State; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. _
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of Texas, and a petition of citizens of Louis-
iana, praying for the construction of a railroad
through the Indian Territory from the southern
terminus of the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and
Fort Gibson railroad to the Red river; which
were referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
He also presented the petition of S. N. Good-
ale, praying for the construction of a railroad
through the Indian Territory to the north line
of Texas; whijh was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented a memorial of
citizens of Jefferson county, Virginia, remon-
strating against the transfer of the counties of
Jefferson and Berkeley from that State to the
State of West Virginia; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. GRIMES presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Iowa, iu favor of a grant of lands
to aid in the construction of the Iowa and Mis-
souri State Line railroad : which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of R.
P. Parrott, of Cold Spring, New York, pray-
ing for an additional allowance beyond the con-
tract price for building and completing an iron
light house at Cape Carnaveral, on the coast of
Florida ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying for the adoption of an inter-
national copyright law ; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of a grant of the
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections of the Cher-
okee Indian lands for the support of schools m
that State; which were referred to the Com-
