914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom the subject was referred, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 155) concerning the
boundaries of the State of Nevada ; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 149) for the relief of Daniel Wins-
low; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 151) for the relief of George B.
Simpson; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 152) to grant the right of way through the
public domain for the construction of highways
and canals and ditches for mining, agricultural,
and manufacturing purposes ; whicii was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
153) granting certain lands to the State of Min-
nesota to aid in the improvement of navigation
of the Zainbro river in said State ; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 154) concerning national banks in certain
States and Territories : which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. NORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 3 56) making additional grant of lands to
the State of Minnesota in alternate sections
to aid in the construction of a railroad in said
State; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
DTSBAXDMENT OF MILITIA.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. ft. No. 02) to disband the militia
forces in certain States, and to prohibit their
reorganization ; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the joint res-
olution be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, and be printed.
Before the vote is taken on the reference, I wish
briefly to explain why I introduce the joint res-
olution at this time. 1 hold in my hand an ex-
tract from a letter of General Thomas, at the
head of the Freedmen's Bureai} in Mississippi,
in which he says :
"Nearly nil the dr-mtisfaetion that now exists
among the freedrnen is caused by the abusive con-
duct of the militia. It has a^icted to paralyze labor,
and add to the eombimmon of difficulties under which
the State has labored.'' " "Only
a short time ago, Governor Humphrey admitted to
me that two companies the militia had sworn that
in their counties no negro who did not work lor his
old master, and no Yankee could live: that they
would 'drive out the thie\ing Yankees and shoot
the niggers.' "
I have also a letter from General Tillson,
commanding in Georgia 5 and here let me say
that General Tillson is an ofiicer who was edu-
cated at We^t Point, and he is an officer of
marked ability. He says:
''In almost every ca^e as heretofore reported, the
■withdrawal of troops has been followed by outrages
on the freed people: their school-houses have been
burned, their teachers driven oft or threatened with
death, and the freed people by fraud, and evcu by
violence, made to enter into unjust and fraudulent
  contracts. It requires the ino^t careful nursing ami
culture to koep alive even a -how of justice toward
the freed people. Xeaily al! the fomalos and young
men" • ' "are open and defiant m
tneir expressions ot h„'te for i'ank<"-e< and negroes. A
largo number of troops i,-, not i ei[ inrcd, but"
' " the highest and be-r mi erests of the State,
as well as oi the freed people, require an addition to
tlu force now in the department,"
^Ile says that there are but two thousand sol-
diers in the State of Georgia, and that more
are necessary, and that as the troops are "with-
drawn from that State great outrages are per-
petrated wherever they are withdrawn. I have
a letter from General Swayne, commanding in
Alabama. 111 which he makes the same com-
plaint in regard to the withdrawal of troops.
Referring to the local militia, he says:
"During the month we have come, though not ex-
actly into collision, yet into very direct contact, with
the militia system of this State." * * * *
"Every species of outrage is committed under them
in some counties m this State."
In regard to the withdrawal of the troops,
General Swayne says:
"Some time since, on an intimation from Major
General Woods, commanding department, I filed with
him my emphatic protest against the removal of the
troops, feeling sure that their presence is as yet indis-
pensable to the comfort and security, not only of the
freedrnen, but of other parties who naturally confide
first in the General Government."
* x A A A *
" The talk of insurrection is nonsense. The solemn
pledge of the United States to thetree people of color
that they shall be and re-main ft-ee, requires that the
law, by whomsoever made and administered, and
including these provisions, shall be faithfully and
equally applied to all men without distinction on ac-
count of color."
I have a letter from General Hartsuff, dated
at New Orleans, stating, the condition of affairs
as lie ,-linds them in the State of Louisiana.
General Hartsuff, who is known by many Sen-
ators here to be a man of ability and character
and judgment, says:
" I have not been here long, but quite long enough
to ascertain the temper and tendency of the people.
Indeed, both are so apparent that' he who runs may
readtheir bitterness is increasing. If in any place
of amusement asingle bar of the ' Bonnie Blue Flag/
or any other air they have adopted is played, or a defi-
ant orrebellious allusion made, it calls forth a perfcct
btorm of applause. In social gathering?, I am told by
those who visit them, the same feelings exist and grow.
It a man meets his former slave, to whom he may have
1 been kind, he not untrequently, if in the presence of
| others, tries to cajole or extort from the poor felWw
i an admission of preference for the old condition, and
; if he succeeds through' the desire of not offending the
old master, as is sometimes the case, it is printed too,
and quoted in triumph ever after. A small force, if
under good officers, will preserve the peace, but there
is much disaffection and carelessness m the perform-
ance of duty among the volunteers now, both officers
and privates. 1 tliink justice to these men. who all
want to go home, and to the best interests of the coun-
try, which requires on the part of officers that their
heart shall be in their duties, absolutely demands that
an Army bill shall quickly pass, and the Army organ-
ized under it take the place of those who now per-
foim such unwilling duty."
Brevet General Howard, brother of Major
General 0. 0. Howard, at the head of the
Freedrnen's Bureau, reports that he obtained
information while in Georgia,
" From officers and agents of the bureau as well as
from the military authorities and the newspapers,
that the militia organizations of the opposite county,
in South Carolina (Edgefield) were engaged in dis-
arming the negroes. This created great discontent
i among the latter, and in some instances they had
| ofiercd resistance. In previous inspection tours in
j South Carolina, much complaint reached me ol the
■ misconduct of these militia companies toward the
! blacks Some of the latter, *)f the most intelligent and
; well disposed, came to me and said, ' What shall we
| do ? These militia companies are heaping upon our
i people every soit of injury and insult, unchecked.
; Our people are peaceably inclined, and we are en-
; deavoiing to inculcate good leeiing: but we cannot
i bear thi.-. treatment much longer." Many are beginning
! to say, ' We have been patient long enough : we are
; free men now, and we have submitted to such usage
! us long as we can." And again they ask, ' What shall
! we do?' I assured them that tins conduct was not
1 sanctioned bv the United States military authorities,
I and that it would not be allowed.
. "They then asked what they should do when the
!; United States troops were withdrawn, saying they
f had nothing but evil to apprehend from these militia
\ organizations.
,i " Sow. at Au?usta, about two months later, I have
j. authentic information that the-e abuses continue,
i I11 southwestern Georgia, I learned that the militia
|: had done the same, sometimes pretending to act under
i' orders from United States authorities. I rcpoited
! these facts to General Brannon, commanding the de-
partment of Georgia, and to General Sickles, com-
manding the department ol'South Caiohna.
! "1 am convinced that these militia organizations
only endanger tlie peace of the communities where
they exist, and arc a source ol constant annoj'auee
and mjmy to tlie freed people: that herein 1-one of
the crreate-t <-vil< existing in the southern Siat<^ for
■ tlie hvedmcn. They pive the color of law to tbeir
violent, unju-f, ;md sometime-:inhum,in proceedings.
"Iv.euid en meetly recommend thai ihe«j organi-
zation- be aboh-hed in these States lor at lea t sev-
eral years to come ; and that some suitable substitute
■ be instituted a-< a general police force, to preserve
ord<;rand maintain the laws, until it again becomes
1 safe to allow the organization of militia."
I have a letter from the western part of Lou-
isiana, on the borders of Texas, written by an
officer of the Army, a gentleman of intelligence
and character, with whom I served twenty-five
years ago in the Legislature of my State. He
says:
"You have never conceived of the abuse, the cru-
elty, the premeditated butchery now practiced upon
the colored race in this region and the bordering
counties of Texas. Not a day or a night passes but
what many victims are murdered by the white con-
federate citizens. In some instances the murderers
black their faces and dress up like negro troops, go
through the country robbing and killing all classes.
One day I saw three bodies (colored) floating down
the river at this place: one with his throat cut, ono
with his brains blown out, and the other mangled.
The workof death is going on all the time, but on the
increase. A week ago a black man led by his little
boy called upon me. He had both eyes put out by a
gunshot because he would not renew his contract to
work, when, as he said, his master had refused to pay
him under the old contract. All his family were
threatened with death and turned out of their cabin,
while he, blind and starving, was trying to find a
shelter for them. All around in the country is one
tale of abuse, woe, and misery, the master taking
vengeance because his slaves are free. Their suffer-
ing beggars description.
" The colored population are mild and peaceable,
and all stories of risings and clamor are false. They
work when they can get the promise of small pay,
which they too frequently do not realize.
"There is not ono spark of love for the Union in
all that I have seen or can judge; but bitter, unre-
lenting hate, full of the spirit of hell and death to the
black man and his white benefactor. A leading man
in this plaeetold me a few days ago that they should
not rest till paid for their freed slaves; if they could
not get this they would exterminate them. I can
assure you, in the country away from notice the negro
has not half the protection that he had five or even
one year ago. The most ignorant, corrupt, and
unprincipled set of men exist and rule society hero
on the earth. They have been forced back into the
Uniongreatersinnersnowthanwhenoutofit. Could
northern Senators travel through the South, stop and
see it as it is, they would be appalled at the atrocities
practiced and the undying hate toward northern men.
With the troops away a northern life would be a thing
of the past. I care not what freedmen's agents may
say of the good condition of the blacks. I say their
condition is wretched and heart-rending, and all by
the abuse and studied persecution of their former
masters. All the men from General Grant, General
Howard, &c., down, who pay flying visits to the
South, know nothing of the state of socicty and suf-
fering, nothing of the persistent determination to
kill out the black race. Oui officers and soldiers are
tiled and homesick, and conceal much information
that they possess so that the necessity of their remain-
ing shall not appear, and too frequently turn a deaf
ear to suffering humanity."
From officers and soldiers in the rebel States,
from truly loyal men there comes an unbroken
chain of testimony going to show that the with-
drawal of the troops of the United States is im-
mediately followed by outrages upon the freed-
rnen and upon men of known loyalty. There
can be no doubt whatever that the arming of
the rebel militia has been disastrous to peaco
and security of loyal men and freedrnen. I
trust Congress will see to it that armed rebels
are not permitted to outrage the rights and
endanger the lives of the people.
Mr. SAULSBUftY. On the question of the
reference of this resolution F should not say a
word but for the remarks made by the Senator
from Massachusetts in support of that motion.
The proposition now before the Senate is to
disarm the militia of a State. I shall vote
against the reference of the subject to a com-
mittee of the body, because the Congress of the
United States have no power under that old,
obsolete instrument, the Constitution of the
United States, to disarm the militia of a State.
I know that there is one provision of the Con-
stitution wliich says that Congress shall have
power
"To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplin-
ing the militia, and lor governing such part of them
as may be employed in the service of the United
States reserving to the States respectively the ap-
pointment of the officers and the authority of train-
ing the militia according to the discipline prescribed
by Congress."
That does not give power to Congress to dis-
arm the militia of a State, or to destroy the
militia of a State, because in another provision
of the Constitution, the second amendment, we
have these words :
"A well-regulated militia being ne< iv*arv to the
security of a free State, the 1 ir>lit of the people to
keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."
The proposition here is not to carry out by
legislation of Congress any right or authority
