1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
vested in Congress, but it is an application to
Congress to do that which Congress has no right
to do under the second amendment of the Con- |
stitution. Mississippi is a State in tlie Union ]
recognized by the PresidentoftheUnitedStates, !
the chief executive officer of the country. As |
suck, she has her own Governor, she has her :
own judiciary, sheliasher own State machinery. '
as any other State has, for protecting the in
tercsts of her people; and unless the power is j
lodged in Congress to disarm the militia of Mas-
sachusetts, it cannot be pretended that any sneh
power is lodged in Congress in reference to the
State of Mississippi.
We hear a great deal about the oppressions
of the negroes down South, and a complaint
here conies from somebody connected with the
Freedmen's Bureau. Only the other day I saw
a statement in the papers that a negro, in vio-
lation of the laws of Kentucky, was found with
concealed weapons upon his person. The law
of Kentucky, 1 believe, is applicable to whites
and blacks alike. A.n officer of the Freedmen's
Bureau, however, summoned the judge of the
court before him, ordered him to deliver up the
pistol to that negro, and to refund the fine to
which the negro was subject by the law of Ken-
tucky. 'The other day your papers stated that
one of these negroes shot down a Federal officer
in the State of Tennessee. Yet, sir, no peti-
tions are here to protect the white people against
the outrages committed by the negro popula-
tion ; but if a few letters are written to mem-
bers here that oppression has been practiced
against negroes, then the whole white popula-
tion of a State are to be disarmed.
I protest, Mr. President, against even the
reference of such a proposition to a commit-
tee, on the ground that if the committee were to
report in favor of disarming the militia of the
State of Miysibsippi, the Congress of the United
States have no power under the Constitution,
but are solemnly prohibited by the Constitution
from taking any such action.
Mr. WILSON. I would simply say, Mr,
President, that these men were once disarmed
when General Lee and General Johnston and
the other rebel generals surrendered. They
are the same men. They have been organized
again and arms putin their hands, and they are
just as loyal and law-abiding now as they were
when they were confederate soldiers. There
is one unbroken chain of testimony from all
people that are loyal to this country, that the
greatest outrages arc perpetrated by armed
men who go up and down the country search-
ing houses, disarming people, committing out-
rages of every kind and description. There
cannot be any doubt about that. The generals
commanding in these departments all under-
stand it. and-let me say to the Senator that
there is in the rebel States to-day scarcely an
officer of the United Stales who is not of one
opinion about ali these acts.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Has the Congress of
the United States tliepovertodisarmtlie militia ,j
of the State of Massachusetts? ji
Mr. WILSON. I am not prepared to answer il
that question. Jefferson Davis maintained here !|
some years ago that the milit ia was a part of the :
Armv of the United States. ||
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not regard him as !j
authority. I!
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will find that !j
thai was the doctrine laid down by that distill- ]j
guishoil chief of the rebellion. 1 will say to j
that Senator that I believe this Congress has I
power to disarm ruffians or traitors, or men
who are committing outrages against law or
the rights of men on our common humanity.
I have no doubt of our right to prevent the
organization in the rebel States of any militia ■
force, or any other force, until we define what .j
it shall be. * ;
To motion to print the joint resolution and i
refer it to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia was agreed to. '!
THOMAS F. triWOJT.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone all
prior orders and take up for consideration Sen-
ate bill No. 140.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.l4G)
for the relief of Thomas F. Wilson, late United
States consul at Bahia, Brazil; the question
being on its passage.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that that bill be
recommitted to the Committee on Commerce,
with a view to having a report submitted.
Mr. CHANDLER. Before the question is
put on that motion, I ask that the petition of the
claimant be read : all the facts stated in it have
been verified before the committee.
The Secretary read the petition, as follows:
To the Senate and House of JReprenentatives of tlie
United States in Congress assembled!
The petition of the undersigned respectfully show-
eth, that during the years 18t>2,1863, and 1804 he was
in the service of the United States as consul at Bahia,
ISray.il.
That during that time the port of Bahia was the
rendezvous of the pirates Alabama, Ueorgin, and
Florida lor the south Atlantic, where they met their
tenders and supply ships and landed prisoners cap-
tured on board of American merchant vessels having
at one time landed over one hundred destitute per-
sons on his hards.
That by reason of the visits of these pirates and
their consorts to that port, additional duties and in-
cieased expenses were imposed upon him not inci-
dent to the consulate in, a time of peace. That the
salary, which was fixed at the sum of SI,500 per an-
num, was inadequate to the increased duties and ex-
penses of tile consulate growing out of the state of
war in which, the United States was then involved.
That at the time the pirate Florida came into that
harbor, he repaired on board the United States steam
sloop-of-war Wachusett, which was lying in port at
the time, and advised and participated in the capture
of the pirate in the port of Bahia; and that after the
pirate had surrendered to the Wachusett the Brazilian \
forts and vcssels-of-war opened lire on the Wachusett
and drove that vessel out of port, which prevented him
from landing, and compelled liini to abandon the con-
sulate, together with his residence, which contained
r his household furniture, library, clothing, and per-
sonal effects, the greater part of which he has not been
able to recover, and he has thereby sustained a loss
of about fitteen hundred dollars.
lie therefore Drays for the passage of an act afford-
ing him relief for the above losses.
THOMAS F. A7ILS0N.
Mr. CHANDLER.. The facts in this case
are set forth in the petition. It was under
Mr. Wilson's advisement that the Wachusett
did cut out the Florida and bring her into a
United States port, and he came home on board
the Wachusett and lias never returned. If the
Government of the United States had not re-
pudiated his action he would have had through
this Government a just claim upon the Gov-
ernment of Brazil which would have been paid,
but this Government having repudiated bis ac-
tion it bars him from any claim against the
Government of Brazil. Through 1:• - action the
Florida was seized; a large number of our
ships-of-war were released from their pursuit
of the Florida, a great saving was made to the
Government of many millions, as well as to the
commerce of the United States. Although the
Government repudiated his action, it never re-
turned the Florida; nor would that return have
been permitted even had any agent of this Gov-
ernment undertaken to return the Florida to
the pirate in command of her. The Florida
was not returned, thus barring the claim of Mr.
Wilson against the Government of Brazil. The
question now is, will this Government pay this
claim when by its own act it has prev ented him
from collecting it where it ought to have been
collected? 1 think that it is due to Mr. Wilson
and it is due to the Go\ eminent that the claim
should be promptly paid. I wish that during
the late rebellion we had had more Mr. Wil-
son'. and I wish that we had had more naval
officers such as the captain of the Wiehusett.
I belie\e the civilized world would hove sanc-
tioned the cutting out of any one of the rebel
piiatical vessels from any port on earth. 1 wish
it had been done. I wish our officers had sunk
the crafts wherever they found them ; but they
did not. Here is a ease now where we may do
a little justice. I hope this bill will be passed,
and passed promptly, and passed unanimously.
It is not a precedent for any other case, for no
other case of the kind ever has occurred or
probably ever will occur on e'arth. I ask for
the action of tlie Senate on the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Iowa
will excuse me for interposing, but I must ask
whether the joint resolution for the amendment
of the Constitution is not now before the Senate.
APPORTIONMENT OF BOBPRESENTATiWf -____
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it is the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business of Fri-
day last, which is the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 51) proposing to amend the Constitution
of the United States, upon which the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Yates] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. Before the Senator from
Illinois proceeds, I wish to present an amend-
ment to the resolution under discussion, and to
ask that it be printed for the information of
the Senate.
The proposed amendment was received in-
formally, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to hear that
amendment read:
The Secretary read: the proposed amend-
ment, which was to strike out all after the word
"taxed" in the twelfth line of the resolution
and to insert the following:
And the right of voting for electors of President
and Vice President of the United States, for mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, and for mem-
bers of the most numerous branch of the State Legis-
lature, is hereby granted to the following classes of
persons of African descent, citizens of the United
States, namely, all males of the age of twentyrone
years who have during the late troubles been duly
enrolled in the Army or Navy of the United States;
all males of like age able to read and write the Eng-
lish, French, or Spanish language; all males of like
age in the possession and enjoyment in their own
right of property, real or personal, of the value of
S-50; allsuch personswho have been domiciled in the
proper election district for at least sis months next
before an election at which they claim to vote; butno
such person to be allowed to vote who is of unsound
mind, a pauper, or under conviction of an infamous
crime. And Congress shall, in default of State laws
necessary to carry into effect this provision, have full
power so to do by legislation applicable to all the
States.
Mr. YATES addressed the Senate. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BTTCKALEW. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that the
Senator from Pennsylvania desires the floor on
the question now under consideration.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Y^es, sir, for to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The floor being awarded
to the Senator, I move to lay this subject aside
and make it the special order for to-morrow at
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
During Mr. Yates's speech the following
message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of Mr. Robert
Johnson, his Secretary:
Mr. President, I am directed by the Presi-
dent of the United States to inform the Senate
that he approved and signed, on the 11th in-
stant, the bill (S. No. 96 )authorizingan increase
of the clerical force in the Post Office Depart-
ment.
I am further directed by the President of the
United States to return to the Senate, in which
it originated, the bill (S. No. 00) entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to estab-
lish a Bureau fordieRelief of Freedinen, Refu-
gees, and Abandoned Lands,' " with his objec-
tions thereto in wiiting.
freedmen's bureau—veto message.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T now ask for the read-
ing of the message from the President, return-
ing a bill with his objections.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mes-
sage will be read.
The Secretary read the message, as follows;
To the Senate of the United States:
1 have examined with care the bill which
originated in the Senate and has been passed
by the two Houses of Congress io amend an
