1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the House recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
passed; and that that motion be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEXICAN LOAN.
Mr. SCHEXCK. I ask unanimous consent
to have the following resolution considered at
this time:
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to this House, at as early a day as practi-
cable. it in his opinion not incompatible with the
public interests, any correspondence or other infor-
mation in his possession or on file in the State De-
partment having relation to any steps taken by the
republican Government of Mexico directed to the
negotiation of a loan in the United fetates for the
purpose of procuring means to sustain that republic
in its effort to maintain its independence.
Mr. RADFORD. I object.
INCOME TAX OF UNMARRIED MEN.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot mak-
ing such an amendment, to the internal revenue law
as will not allow the same amount of exemption Irom
taxation to a single man as to a householder and a
man having a family, and that they be permitted to
report by bill or otherwise.
NAVY-YARD IX CONNECTICUT.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution to be
considered at this time :
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instiucted to inquire into the advantages of a site of-
fered to the Government upon the river Thames, near
New London. Connecticut, for naval purposes, and to
report upon thecxpediency of accepting the same lor.
the purpose of establishing thereat a navy-yard or
naval station for the construction, repair, or laying
up in ordinary iron-clad or other naval vessels, with
leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
CATTLE DISEASE.
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY. I am instructed
by the Committee on Commerce to report abill
to amend an act entitled *'An act to prevent
the spread of foreign diseases among the cattle
of the United States,approved December 18,
18(5-5, and ask for its consideration at this time.
Mr. RADFORD. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read at length. The first section
provides that the act to prevent the spread of
foreign diseases among the cattle ot the Uni-
ted States, approved December 18, 18t>5, be
amended so as to provide that the impoitation
of neat cattle and of hides of neat cattle irom
anv foreign country into the United States
shall be prohibited ; provided that the operation
of this act, or any part thereof, may be sus-
pended as to any foreign country or countries,
or any parts of such country or countries, when-
ever "the Secretary of the Treasury shall offi-^
chilly determine and give public notice thereof
that'such importation will not tend to^tlie intro-
duction 01- spread of contagious or infectious
disease anions the cattle of the "bnitcd States ;
and the Secretary of the Treasury is author-
ized and empowered, and it shall be his duty to
make all the necessary orders and regulations
to cairy this law into effect or to suspend the
same as therein provided, and to send copies
thereof to the proper officers m the United
States, and to such officers or agents of the
United States in foreign countries as he shall
judge necessary. _ 1 r.
The second section provides that the i resi-
dent of the United States,^ whenever in his ;
judgment tSie importation of neat eatt.c and ot
'hides of noat cattle may be made without ;
danger of the, introduction or spread of any i
contagious or infectious disease among the
cattle ot' I he United Slates, may by proclaina- j
fion declare the pro\isions of this act to be
inoperathe, and the same shall be afterwaid
inoperati\ e and oi no ellect, irom ami huoi
thirty dnv* from the date of said proclamation.
Section three provides that any person con-
victed of an unlawful violation of any pro-
vision of this act shall be punished by a fine
not exceeding §500, or by imprisonment not
exceeding one year, or by both such fine and
imprisonment, in the discretion of the court.
No objection was made to the introduction
of the bill.
The bill was then read a first and second
time, and ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved $iat the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the tabls.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave 01? absence.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I ask
leave of absence for my colleague, Mr. Miller,
for several days.
Leave was accordingly granted.
The SPEAKER. I am requested to ask
leave of absence for Mr. Le Blond for two
weeks.
Leave was accordingly granted.
PAY OF OFFICERS IMPROPERLY DISMISSED.
Mr. ECKLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be requested to inquire into the expediency ot pro-
vidi.n0' for pavinent and allowance to meritorious otii-
cers who, while in service during the war of the rebel-
lion were summarily dismissed without trial, ana
reinstated upon proper showing; said payinentand
allowance to cover the period from their dismissal
until their restoration; and that they report by bill
or otherwise.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES presented, from the Committee
of Elections, a report on the contested-election
case of Washburn vs. Voorhees, accompanied
with the following resolutions, which were read :
Resolved, That Hon. Daniel'W. Voorhees isnot en-
titled to a seat in this House as a Representative Irom
the seventh district of Indiana m the Thirty-Amtn
Con°re4s
Resolved, ThatHenry D. Washburn is entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative from the sev-
enth congressional district of Indiana, m tho thirty-
Ninth Congress.
The report, with the accompanying resolu-
tions, was laid on the table, and ordered to be
minted. .
~ Mr. DAWES. I desire to state that this
report will. 1 suppose, be printed and ready for
the perusal of members to-morrow. 1 wish to
call it up for action on Wednesday, inasmuch
as there will probably be no session of the
i House on Thursday, the 22d. and the business
! of the committee is such that they cannot attend
| to the matter on Friday. I hope that members
will, by reading the report, relieve- the commit-
tee of any necessity for consuming the time of
the House in extended discussion. I shall be
glad to have the action of the House upon the
question without much debate.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. UPSON. I rise to a question of privi-
lege, and call up the resolutions reported by
the majority of the Committee of Elections on
the contested-election case from the sixteenth
congressional district of Pennsylvania. My col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Ohio. [Mr. Shellarargeu,] desires to address
the House. I give notice that when he shall
have closed I shall call the previous question,
unless some gentleman shall desire to reply to
' Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope the gentleman will
i.-ive me about ten minutes.
B Mr. UPSON. Certainly.   _
The following are the resolutions reported
by the majority of the committee :
' Remh-M. That Alexander H. Coffroth, upon the
1 certificates and papeis relating to the election in the .
sixteenth consrts.-ional district ot the Mate ot ™n- i
■ t v'u-ni° In* the ix-imn jacic right to the's a.c« nt > tat ;
frnnf thai" di>t1ietf a11d is entitled to take the oath of ]
othec and occupy a in this Wf^l^^thoafpro- j
: vP-it ifivc in Centered irom said district. \utnoiu pic. j
. iudioe to the right of William H. Koontz, claiming to j
I have been duly elceted thereto, to coxitcst hio light to j
. said seat upon the merits. 1
Resolved, That William H. Koonti. desiring to con-
test the l ight of Hon. Alexander H. Coffroth to a seat
in this House as a Representative from the sixteenth
district of the State of Pennsylvania, bo, and ho is,
required to serve upon the said Coffroth. within fif-
teen days after the passage of this resolution, a par-
ticular statement of the grounds of said contest, and
that thesaid Coffroth be, and hoishoreby, required to
serve upon the said Koontz his answer thereto withm
fifteen days thereafter, and that both parties be al-
lowed sixty days next after the service of said answer
to take testimony in support of their several allega-
tions and denials, notice of intention to examine wit-
nesses to be given to the opposite party at least live
days before their examination, but neither party to
give notice of taking testimony within less than five
days between the close of taking it at one place and
its commencement at another, but in all other respects
in the manner prescribed in the act of February lJ,
1851.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Paine to amend the resolutions sub-
mitted by the majority of the committee, by
striking out all after the word "resolved," and
inserting in lieu thereof the following:
That William H. Koontz has the prima faeie right
td a. seat in this House as a Representative of the
sixteenth congressional district of the State of Penn-
That Alexander H. Coffroth, desiring to
contest the right of William II. Koontz to a se%t as
Representative of the sixteenth congressional dis-
trict, be required to serve upon the said Koontz,
■within fifteen days after the adoption of this resolu-
tion, a particular statement of the grounds ot said
contest; and that the said Koontz be required to serve
upon the said Coffroth his answer thereto within nt-
tecn days thereafter; and that both parties be allowed
sixty days next after the service of said answer to
take testimony in support of their several allegations
anddenials; notices of proposed examinations of wit-
nesses to be given at least five days before such exam-
inations; no such examination to be commenced at
one place before the expiration of five days irom the
conclusion of the last examination at another place;
such examinationsto beregulatedinallotherrespects
by the provisions of the act of February 19,1851.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, my
colleague [Mr. Upson] has not stated the mat-
ter with precise accuracy in saying that I desire
to address the House. I really desired very much
to avoid speaking on the question, as I am con-
fident that the House now feels weary of the
subject. Gentlemen, however, whose interests
are closely involved, are particularly desirous
that I shall say something on the question, and
I yield 1o them. I shall attempt to condense
my remarks into the smallest possible^ compass
consistently with the proper presentation of the
points which strike me as important. And, Mr.
Speaker, I think that this case, like almost
every other ease, turns upon two or three points.
It is true that other matters connect themselves
with these points, and will have to be looked at.
This is a ease in which five counties compose
the congressional district, the sixteenth district
of Pennsylvania. Tn relation to three of those
five counties there is no dispute or difference
among the members of the committee. In order
to get at the truth, then, we need only look at
two of those counties, Adams and Bedford.
Here, Mr. Speaker, let me attract, if I can, the
attention of members to that which appears to
my mind a controlling idea in this case: that,
if you count all the votes that are returned to
this House by official, and, as I deem, legal
papers, there is no controversy in the case, and
Mr. Koontz is entitled to the seat, because he
received more votes than his antagonist, as in-
dicated by the legal papers in the case. The
whole question is, whether this House is in such
a predieameutthat it dare not look at the papers
in the case, whether, in other words, there has
been got here bv some process of technics such
a state of things that the House of Representa-
tives cannot get beyond a certain paper block-
ade and find out the truth upon official papers
in the case ? . .
Now, how does that happen? In just this
way: it is said that there is here a certain re-
turn, made by what is called the district board
of this sixteenth district, which return con-
cludes Congress and prevents us from looking
at those other papers which show that Mr.
Koontz is elected.
Now, sir, that is a proposition which to my
mind is utterly untenable and"wrong, wrong in
fact aud wrong in that there is no legal princi-
ple upon winch it can lie rested.
Let us look at that a moment. The iesolu-
tion referring this matter to us directs us to ima
