924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
who has the prima facie title. What doe? that
mean ? i will state it in a sentence. It means,
not that this House shall drift along and lodge
upon the first paper which comes up, to wit,
the return of the district board; but it means
this House shall look at all the legal papers be-
fore it and find out who has received the largest
number of votes. Now, sir, there is under the
Pennsylvania laws, as disclosed in this case, but
one judicial tribunal to determine who shall not
vote ; and that judicial tribunal are the judges
who, under the law of Pennsylvania, decide
when a man is entitled to vote or when he is not.
Sir, when that board has acted on the matter,
and it has been received, then the vote has ac-
complished its high prerogative ; it is then the
determination and voice of the American con-
stituent, and this Congress in finding out the
question who has the prima facie title has
nothing else to do than to east, up from the
papers which show these votesadmitted by tjiis
board of judges the whole number of them,
and give the seat to him who has the most votes
as shown by all the papers in the case, which are
papers provided by law to show the number of
these votes. To make that count is to find the
prima Jacie title.
Mr. Speaker, under the act of Congress there
is no prima facie case proved by any paper.
That act of Congress reads thus:
" Before the first meetingof the next Congress, and
of every subsequent Congress, the Clerk of the next
preceding Mouse of licpicseiitativcs shall make a roll
of the Representatives-elect and place thereon the
names of all persons, and all such pcrsonsonly, whose
credentials show that they were regularly elected ra
accordance with the laws of their States respectively,
or the laws of the United States."
X o'iV. sir, no such credential as that is in this
case. The Governor's proclamation announ-
cing the election of members from the State of
Pennsylvania would be such a credential. The
Governor found there was no such return made
to him as would permit him to is«ue that proc-
lamation. Now, there is only one other possi-
ble credential which is known to the laws of
Pennsylvania which could be such a creden-
tial as that contemplated by the act of Con-
gress, and that is the paper which the district
board is required to senuto the person elected,
or decided to be elected by that district board.
Such a paper is said to be in this case. It is
paper No. 10. Let me say to the House that
the paper in this case, even if we were bound
to stop upon it. even if I were mistaken in the
proposition I announced a month ago, to wit,
that Congress can look at all the papers before
it, even though the certificate of the district board
were in form perfect, and that there is no legal
order in which we must take up the papers ;
even if I were wrong in that, and though we
cannot go past a return legal in form, and count,
as I insist we may. the returns from the elec-
tion piecincts: if we must on the contrary stop
at thy return of this district board, were it in
due form, then still there is nothing in this case
to prevent Congress from going back to i'io-e
elementary returns, because this credential,
which 1 say is the only other possible creden-
tial in the meaning of the act of Congress, the
return made by the district board, is amenable
to the following fatal objections: first, that it
is confronted by another return, to wit, paper
15, on page 3(> of the report, shows that Cof-
froth's certificate was based on a count which
did not include all the counties of the district,
but in fact excluded Somerset. Secondly, it is
on its own i'aee not in compliance with the law.
On that return held by .Mr. Coffroth it is not
indicated, as indeed the fact was not, that they
had counted all the counties of the district,
and on the face of that paper they professed to
count only such as were before them. So that
paper does not profess to comply with the law.
And that is not all, nor the worst of it. Another
paper in the ease shows that they actually did
reject or omit to count one county of the dis-
trict. Now. 1 $sk gentlemen, before saying
thev are bound by that return, to pause and look
at the consequences a little.
Mr. RADFORD. Will the gentleman state
why they did not count that one county?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly I will in
the course of my remarks. They did not count
one county, namely, Somerset. That fact is
shown by their own return. They say so on the
face of the paper. They say in their return to
the secretary of state that they have not counted
Somerset. Now, sir, is that return good for
anything in law ? The law says that they shall
count all the votes east. They say that they
did not count Somerset. Will you say that
that is such a return as concludes Congress?
Look, as I said a moment ago, at the con-
sequences of that. There ye five counties in
my district. Four of those counties give me
say 6.000 majority; but one, to wit, the county
in which Columbus is situated, Franklin, has
changed the result in one past election. Nov/,
suppose that by sickness, by accident, by a
bridge being swept away, or by some other
unavoidable event, that county has not sent in
its returns to the place of meeting whore the
returns are counted. The returns of the other
four counties are counted, leaving out Frank-
lin, and I am declared elected; whereas if
the county of Franklin had been counted, it
would have changed the result. And then it is
gravely said to the House of Representatives
that the papers are conclusive upon Congress.
Why, sir, it seems to me simply preposterous.
And that brings me to the question suggested
by my colleague on the committee, why Som-
erset county was not counted. The majority
of the committee have referred to that in what
seems to me to be a very singular argument.
It was not counted, it is said, because the gen-
tleman wdio represented that county absented
himself, lie was notified to attend and did not
attend, and a majority of the committee use
this expression:
"It is now claimed on behalf of Mr. Koontz that
this voluntary neglect of duty on the part of his friend,
the return judge of Somerset county, shall be made to
redound to his benefit, and that he shall in fact be
placed in a better posit ion than if said judge had done
his duty."
Mr. RADFORD. Will the gentleman yield?
Air. SHELLABARGER. Yes, sir.
Mr. RADFORD. I want to ask him whether
or not it appears, from the rejiort of the com-
mittee, that the gentleman who absented him-
self was in town at that time, and that he was
a friend of Mr. Koontz.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I take the state-
ment I have just read from the report as true,
that he was a political friend of Mr. Koontz:
I and I take it he was in town. I consider that
| it makes no conceivable difference as to what
I was the duty of the board, nor as to the inva-
lidity of their action after they had excluded
this county from their count.
Now, suppose we assume that it is possible
for Mr. Koontz and the return officer for Som-
erset county to confederate together, if you
please—a tiling that is not claimed in this
case—to absent themselves and deprive the
board of the presence of that return. Will
any gentleman in this House now get up and
say that that will change the result of an elec-
tion in any congressional district? Dare any
gentleman here maintain that the fault of any-
body in failing to bring in a county shall be held
to change the result of an election by the peo-
ple ? Is the choice of the people to be defeated
m order to punish the judge of Somerset for
confederating to not bring it in'' I reply to
my friends of the majority of this committee,
the law knows no friend of Mr. Koontz in this
official duty which the return judge of Sotner-
sethas topass upon and to discharge. I say that
the law recognizes no such relation as that in
the discharge of this official duty, and to pun-
ish Mr. Koontz and his friend will not defeat
the election of the people.
Mr. RADFORI). 1 will not interrupt the
gentleman again if he will answer me one ques-
tion. In regard to the returns which that gen-
tleman from Somerset county had m his pocket,
if the candidate had gone in on that count on
that day what would have been the result?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will answer that
if the gentleman will bear with me until I come
to one after another of the suggestions. Now,
my proposition is this : that the law of Penn-
sylvania requires this district board to count the
votes of all the counties ; that anything less than
that is not a compliance with the law ; that
that is shown by the return itself not to have
been done : that therefore the return is insig-
nificant in law ; and hence, just as the attorney
general and the Governor of Pennsylvania de-
cided, it was rejected as good for nothing.
Then we have these ideas, which I beg to
impress upon any gentleman who desires in-
formation in regard to this question :
First, that the Governor of the State decided
that this district return, in which Somerset
county was omitted, was worthless, and could
not be made the predicate of his action.
Second, that that opinion was based'upon the
opinion of Mr. Meredith, the attorney general
of the State of Pennsylvania.
Third, that that is a return made in express,
direct, and palpable violation, or rather disre-
gard, of the requirements of the laws of Penn-
sylvania, which require that that board shall
count all the votes given.
Fourth, that if you permit the sweeping away
of a bridge or the sickness of a return judge
or any other accident to deprive the people of
their choice, and make a return binding which
is made in absence of that part of the district
kept out by such accident, then you have put
it into the power of bad men. as well as of an
accident, to change the result in any election
in any congressional district ki the United
States; and
Fifth, that there is no such practical difficulty
in the case as the majority of the committee
suggest, to wit, that the vote of Somerset county
could not be had. It could be had, at any rate
upon a contest, or an inquiry into the merits of
the case which would reach to and bring up the
returns of the precincts.
And far better than to permit a man by ab-
senting himself to change the result in any con-
gressional district, will it be to have no return
at all, and let the body that has the control of
1he question, whether it be court or House of
Representatives, send for the evidence that will
show who is elected.
This report of the board is a mere instru-
mentality, a mere method of getting at the
truth. Then why take a position which will
enable a bad man to change the result rather
than resort to that other expedient to await
the sending for and procuring the returns that
lie back of this return of the board.
Now, I come to the question last asked by my
colleague, [Mr. Radford,] as to what would
have been the consequence if this man from
Somerset had gone into the board. Now, that
is a very pertinent question ; and it is one that
it is exceedingly easy to answer. Had he gone
into the board, as it was then constituted and
convened, with the kind of returns that tlicy
had there, and had the return of Somerset
county been counted in with those that were
there on that day, then the result would have
been a small majority for Mr. Coffroth.
Mr. RADFORD. Ah!
Mr. SHELLABARGER. But the trouble
with the conclusion to which my friend seeks
to arrive is just this: that that board had, pre-
vious to the meeting, been guilty, if not of con-
spiracy, as has been charged, to defeat the
choice of the people, at least had been guilty
of a gross violation of the law, and had fixed
up the returns of two counties in such away as
to commit at least a fraud against Mr. Koontz.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
Ohio vield to me for a moment?
Mr." SHELLABARGER. I will, certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I want to give my colleague
on the committee [Mr. Siielt.aii.vkokr ] an op-
portunity to answer this point right here. He
says that the district judges who composed that
board had been guilty, previous to that, of
what he calls a conspiracy.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I did not say that.
I said that had been charged.
Mr. DAWES. Very well: it is charged that
they had been guilty of a conspiracy in fixing
up the returns'. I suggest to him now, as a law-
