1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
turned. Ilcrc, then, wehaveitprovidedbythe
laws of Pennsylvania that even those returns
which are so defective that they cannot be
counted by the return judges must be sent to
Congress to be counted. Why send them here
or to the other courts trying contests, if these
county judges may pass upon and reject them
forever? Now. the majority of the committee
have reported that Congress is impotent, to
count; that those men who disregarded the
law and threw out soldiers' votes have con-
cluded Congress; that, although wo have re-
turns here which may be technically accurate,
and although they show Mr. Koontz was elected,
yet by this false return of the district board, or
false returns of these county boards, Congress
shall be concluded on the prima facie case, so
that we shall not give the seat to the man who
was elected by the votes which were duly and
regularly returned to be counted under the law.
That is all there is of this case, and here I
leave it. I have merely sought to discharge
my duties as a member of the committee. I
leave it where I begun by saying that the whole
case turns upon the question whether this House
is to be permitted to count votes which are
legally returned to'it; whether it is to be pre-
cluded from attaining the truth as shown by all
the legal returns, and are to give conclusive
validity to a paper shown to be illegal by its
own face.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. UPSON. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Michi-
gan, who reported the resolution from the Com-
mittee of Elections, is under the rules entitled
to one hour to close the debate.
Mr. UPSON. I yield ten minutes of my time
to m_v friend from New York, [Mr. Hotchkiss.]
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Mr. Speaker, before
casting my vote on this question I desire to
explain my views as the case strikes me. I have
examined the reports of the majority and mi-
nority of the Committee of Elections in this
case, and in my opinion, allowing full force and
effect to every paper presented on the side of
Mr. Koontz, embracing every soldier's vote,
certified to by papers, regular* irregular, and
defective, the report of the minority fails to
show the election of Mr. Koontz. I desire to
meet the question upon that ground, and if I
am mistaken about it it will be an easy matter
to correct me, for I do not wish the soldiers'
vote to be cast aside in this or in any other case
if there is any paper which has any validity
showing such a ^ ote has been cast.
And now. if the House will hear me for a
few moments, I will call their attention to page
18 of the report, where the minority of the com-
mittee give a table or statement of the vote cer-
tified to. This table states the number of votes
cast at Barracks No. 1 for Bedford count}' to
be 20 for Coffroth and 5G for Ivoontz, making
85. The votes cast at those barracks gave Mr.
Koontz the entire excess of 37 votes, whereas
in truth those papers show only 46 votes were
east at those barracks for Bedford county.
I am asked about Fulton county. I under-
stand nbout, that, and will show how the minor-
ity propose to transfer this excess over to Fulton
county. They say the whole subject was exam-
ined and the excess should be returned for Ful-
ton instead of Bedford, but that has no founda-
tion in the papers. There is not a shadow of
proof before the House to show that the fact
exists. I will show what L mean, and I will
make my statement so clear that it cannot be
answered. The committee will observe, on
page 18, that the votes in one table or one state-
ment givp Mr. Koontz 32 majority, and in the
other 14 majority.
The minority, on page 18, speaking of this
statement of votes, say:
" In our /1 hi o>:t< nt. tit'' cfri'ijlrtttcrahl nthrr pcinerft
ichifh •<■(! t I' " '•/ <■<} CO th> ' mn itt> l, <<>ul u ere coini'ftriit
09 ecvltiicr, fihoto tlt<' fohoicinu to have bred the whole
ii\t,ubcr of votes legally returned Jor the respective
claivianif."
As 1 have said, this table gives 29 votes for
Coffroth and 56 for Koontz. If that statement
is incorrect, then the minority report falls to the
ground. _ But I now refer to page 43, in which
they certify in their statements only 46 votes
were cast for Bedford county.
They state in the tally-list that of these 46
Mr. Koontz had 58 and Mr. Coffroth 29! That
tally-list does not override the statement. It
goes on to state the votes cast for the other offi-
cers voted for, and it says that only 46 votes all
told were cast for any officer at Barracks No.
1. But on page 16 the minority undertake to
explain this, or rather they get up a theory to
account for the 37 or 39 votes in excess stated
in the tally-list. They say, in substance, that
it should be carried to the credit of Fulton
county. They say:
"The return of Barracks No. 1 was rejected for the
alleged reason that the poll-book contains thenames
of only 48 electors, and yet 87 votes were east for Rep-
resentative in Congress. Passing from that return,
which exhibits no such discrepancy"—
how can the minority say that it exhibits no
such discrepancy when it gives the name of
every voter and there are but 46 all told? It
gives the number of votes that were cast on
the Union side for the State officers and the
number cast on the Democratic side for the
same, making just 46. And then there is this
statement showing that 85 votes were cast for
Representative in Congress after giving the
name of every voter, leaving 39 votes unac-
counted for.
Sir, that paper on its face is a very great
blunder or a very stupid fraud, and I do not
think we can dispose of this question upon the
basis of either a blunder or a fraud and give
either party the benefit of it. Rcject the blun-
der and Mr. Coffroth is elected, according to
the report of the minority. Give Mr. Koontz
the benefit of that blunder and it is a mere
statement without any basis.
Now, the theory of the minority directly con-
tradicts the returns from Fulton county, signed
by all the judges and clerks of that countv,
where they say these votes should have been
sent. But suppose you go behind the returns
of the judges of Fulton county, which are unan-
imous and uncontradicted, and go to the sol-
diers' camp to search for these 37 or 39 votes.
Then you have to turn to page 68, where the
judges of election at the soldiers' barracks make
their returns. They say that for Fulton county
37 votes were cast, all told. Now, those 37
votes the minority of the committee say were
these 37 that were attempted to be incorporated
in the returns for Bedford county ; they say that
they were all cast, and they give Mr. Koontz
the benefit of all of them.
Now, how were those 37 votes divided polit-
ically ? Why this same return which they refer
to shows that 17 of them were Democratic votes
and 10 were Union votes.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I will.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman has entirely
misunderstood that point of the report. It is
true that the return which is made for this
county docs embrace more men than are shown
to have voted from that county for Eepresent-
ative in Congress. But when you look to the
other counties of which the gentleman has
been speaking, you find that enough men there
voted to make out. the entire congressional vote.
It is not true, however, that in allowing these
votes to be counted in this case you have all of
them counted for Mr, Koontz. On the^ other
hand, the distribution as between Mr. Koontz
and Mr. Coffroth is made in that aggregate re-
turn which is before us. And if you look at
the return which the gentleman is now speak-
ing of you will find that there is a blank for the
word Representative," Return is made for
Representative, blank, showing that on the
part of the officers of the election there was"h.
! failure to send to the proper place ihe return
for Representative. It is not true that there
is no reference made at alt to a Representative
vote in that return.
Sir. HOTCHKISS. I am surprised that a
gentleman who has labored so long in this com-
mittee as that gentleman has, and of his ability,
too, should so mistake his own report. The
page to which I refer shows that every one
of these 37 votes is allowed to Mr. Koontz to
make out his majority of 32 in one case, and of
14 in the other. I refer to page 18 of the re-
port, and if I am incorrect I will sit down and
never speak again in this Hous3.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman 
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will the gentleman hear
me through? Now I state further, that in go-
ing back to the barracks to count the votes for
Fulton county the gentleman includes all the
votes cast for Fulton county, namely, 37, whereas
five officers certify that 17 of those votes were
Democratic votes. Now, how do they get along
with that ? They take all the Democratic votes
cast there, and undertake to say that they were
a part of this discrepancy of 37. Now, take the
paper itself and give it all its force, and no law-
yer can spell out of it sufficient to make a case.
Mr. STEVENS. Will thegentleman answer
me this question? In making the count does
he allow the whole 58 votes ?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. On page 18 of the report
Mr. Koontz is allowed 50 votes.
Mr. STEVENS. Fifty-eight vote's.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Some say 56 votes, and
some say 58 votes. They allowed Mr. Coffroth
29 votes, which is the number of Democratic
votes cast at Barracks No. 1 in this city. They
allow Mr. Koontz the 56 votes, which include
these 37 votes.
Mr. STEVENS. What I 'meant to ask is
thisdoes the gentleman add up those 56 votes
with the others?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The minority of the
committee 
Mr. STEVENS. I am asking about what
the gentleman does in the statement he says he
has so carefully made.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I have not said that I
had carefully made any statement. I said that
I had carefully examined the statement made
by the minority of the committee; and that
statement had no foundation in the facts upon
which the minority say they rely.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. UPSON. I will now yield ten minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Stevexs.]
Mr. STEVENS. _ In my judgment, Mr.
Speaker, this discussion has taken a range not
fully justified by the question before ns. We
sent to the Committee of Elections the question
of the prima facie right to this seat, because the
authorities at Harrisburg had said that no one
had that prima, facie right. It was the single
question of who had the greatest number of
votes according to all the papers before them.
If there is any objection in regard to any of the
votes contained in those papers, that is a ques-
tion to be considered and decided in the con-
sideration of the claim of the contestant after-
wards. All we sent to the committee was the
question of the prima facie right to this seat
upon the papers before them. Yet here we have
had an investigation into frauds and false
returns and erroneous returns.
Now, a single word us to the law of Pennsyl-
vania will show that all this is aside from the
question and ought never to have been con-
sidered in this connection. By the law of Penn-
sylvania elections are held at the different polls
by two inspectors and one judge of election.
At night, when the poll is closed, these two
inspectors and one judge add up the votes and
make out tally-lists and return them. In order
to aggregate all the votes, they are all to meet
on a certain Friday following at the county
seat: and by the express provisions of the law
that county board can do nothing but acid up
the votes returned to them. Thev are not per-
mitted to inquire into the regularity of the re-
turns ; they are wot pormitted to inquire mto
the fraudulent conduct or character of the oiH-
cers or votes. The law is express upon that
i point, and it has been so decided over and over
j| again, asset no Pennsylvania lawyer dares dis-
;| pute that. When the county hoard meets it
i' takes the precinct returns as they are, go.od,
ll bacl and indifferent, and adds them all up, and
