928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
upon that the county officers give their certifi-
cate. And fha,t. is tested ill the proper body
upon the question of the fraudulency or ille-
gality of the votes upon a contest, and nowhere
else. For State elections it is sent to Harris-
burg to the secretaiy of the Commonwealth and
contested in the Legislature and nowhere else
on earth. Any man who undertakes to con-
test it anywhere else docs not know his duty
under the laws of Pennsylvania.
Now, what have we here ? We have the votes
taken in the different precincts of this district,
and we have them taken at Barracks No. 1, in
the District of Columbia. Under the soldiers'
voting law the votes of the soldiers are to be
returned to the prothonotaries of the district
in which the soldiers reside, duplicate returns
being sent to the secretary of the Common-
wealth. And no man, in meeting in county
board, dare inquire into the regularity of a
single vote that was cast. His duties are in the
law, and have been decided over and over again.
The law is as plain as the nose on a man's face,
that all the board has to do is to add up these
returns as they receive them, and make return
of them to the House of .Representatives, or to
Harrisburg, and whoever desires to contest the
prima facie case of the right by a majority of
the votes to a seat in this House must come
here and do it, and nowhere else.
Now, wc have a discussion here as to the
irrcgularih of these votes, and what was struck
out by the county boards. It is admitted, or
if not the facts show it to be true, that if all the
votes returned from this district and from the
different precincts in the counties in the con-
gressional district had been counted and re-
turned, Mr. Koontz would have had 08 major-
ity. There is no doubt about that; here are
the figures as plain as day. and whoever says to
the contrary, has not examined, and does not
know the facts in the case.
It is said that in Bedford county there was a
mistake of ST votes. Now, the gentleman who
has just sat down [Mr. IIotciikiss] has been
misled by his examination of this matter. It
appears that elections for the counties of Bed-
ford and Fulton were held in this city at Bar-
racks No. 1, and as the return was made out,
the number of votes for Mr. Koontz was 08,
and for Mr. Coffroth was 2'J. They were all
credited to Bedford county. If that is taken
as true, then no man can deny that Mr. lvoontz
is entitled to his seat prima facie, whatever
may be the case when we come to consider the
question of fraudulent votes.
But the gentleman who reported these reso-
lutions says that those 5K votes and '2'.) votes are
37 more than the tally-papers show to have
been cast for Bedford county. That is true ;
but if he had taken the tally-papers for Fulton
county, tlicy would have made precisely that
sum 
Mr. UPSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
where he finds any return from Fulton county
certifying that they voted for a Iiepresentative
in Congres-.
Mr. STEVENS. They do not return from
Fulton county the 37 votes as having been cast
for anybody, because they had returned them
all before in the Bedford county return.
Mr. UPSON. They certified from Bedford
county iliat only JO voted. Now, I desire to
know how the gentleman finds tliat the others
voted,
Mr. STEVENS. I have just referred to the
document. But I will read it from page 41 of
the report:
"Poll-hook of the election helil on Tuesday, the
11th day of October, in the ycarlwW, by the qualified
eleetoih of Bedloid county, in the Mute ot Pennsyl-
vania, in the actual milifaij ~ rv i <:<: under the requi-
sition of the Prc-ident of the I'niteil State-, ami hem?
unable to attend any company poil or other proper
place ot'ylection : thi? eici lion being hold at Bai rack
No. 1. Soldier*' Re*f. \V'a~hiii£.'ton city. District of
Columbia, which place the said elector", beinsr present,
have selected for opening a poll lor the said election
and certify herein:
"David JSollinau, AYilliam Brallier, and John II.
Akei>, In um then and there duly elected j lie! ere - of the
said election, and Barton A. Cooper and .for-iah II.
Auder-oii beinirduly a ppom ted clerks of said election,
ami be ini? al! -"(.yerally affirmed according to the cer-
tificates herewith returned."
Then below are given the " number aud names
of the electors voting at the said election, and
their county, city, borough, township, ward, or
precinct of residence/' After that list, we find—
"Tally-papers or list of votes for each person voted
for at the -aid election by the qualified voters of Bed-
ford county. State of Pennsylvania, for Representa-
tive in the House of Ilepiesentativcs in the Congress
ot the United States, sixteenth district.
"For Congress, William II. Koontz had 5S votes;
A. II. Coffroth had 29 votes.''
Now, I say that, tajring this as true, you can-
not make out. that Mr. Coffroth was elcctcd ; it
is impossible.
But the gentleman says that the tally-papers
show that there were not that many votes by
Mr. UPSON. The gentleman reads from the
tally-papers.
Mr. STEVENS. I read from the return.
Mr. UPSON. There is no return there.
Mr. STEVENS. What do you call this?
" For Congress. William II. Koontz had 58 votes;
A. II. Coffroth had 29 votes."
Mr. UPSON. Will the gentleman read the
caption of that paper?
Mr. STEVENS. I have already read it; but
I will read it again. It is in these words:
" Tally-papers or list of votes for each person voted
for at the said election by the qualified voters of Bed-
ford county, State of Pennsylvania, for Kepresenta-
five in the House of ltepresentutives in the Congress
of the United States sixteenth district.
"For Congress, William II. Koontz had 58 votes;
A. II. Coffroth had 29 votes."
Now, taking that to be true, does it not elect
Mr. Koontz?
The gentleman says, however, that the tally-
papeis do not agree with that return. But that
is all explained when we liad that those 37 votes
from Fulton county are not included in the ie-
turn from that county, but are included in the
Bedford county return.
I maintain, sir, that on the face of the papers
you cannot count out Mr. Koontz; and if you
go into the merits of the question, everybody,
I believe, admits that the merits are with him.
This question may seem to some gentlemen to
be a small matter; but in view of thick-com-
ing events, one vote may prove to be of great
value here.
Mr. SPATJDTNG. Mr. Speaker, I know the
impatience of the House to come to a vote on
this question, and I am not far from members
in that impatience; but I desire to say, on
reading these several reports and listening at-
tentively to the arguments pro and con. my mind
is brought to the conclusion that the majority
of the committee are right under the resolution
of this House in giving the prima facie ease to
Mr. Coffroth. And when I say that, I hope I
j will not be considered as actuated by any par-
I tisan interest or feeling. I regard the resolu-
j tion under which this committee has acted as
I being of some import ; and what was if, sir?
j They -neie instrueied to inquire into thc prima
! facie right to a seat in this House, and then
: afterward to pi ovule for a contest upon the
I merits. Now, I appeal to any well-informed
| man in this House if my ft Sends of the minor-
!| ity have not uniformly put the claims of Mr.
: Koontz on the merits of the case aud not upon
j; the prima facie evidence as the committee
I have done.
I One word in regard to the papers presented
to this committee, aud I shall be very brief. It
j seems that the proclamation of the Governor
:: of Pennsylvania was wanting in regard to this
sixteenth district, and why? Because the cer-
tificate of the election judges fur the district
in which this election was held was defective
in this, that the county of Somerset was not
returned and represented. Why was not the
countv of Somer.-et returned and represented,
became in the absence of the proclamation of
the*Governor wc must get the next best evi-
dence in regard to this prima fac.ie right? The
next best evidence would be the certificate of
this disirict board. \Ye have here produced
the opinion of the attorney general of the State
of Pennsylvania, saying that the four district
judges who certified in favor of -Mr. Coffroth
were all qualified to act, and. that the five men
who certified in favor of his opponent, Mr.
Koontz, were notlegally constituted judges for
that purpose.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for a single word.
Mr. SPALDING. I must decline to yield
to the gentleman, as I have only ten minutes
and I wish to use them. My friend from Ohio
labored in this case, if I may borrow a trite
expression, like a strong man wading through
a morass. He knows he is deficient in his ar-
gument. He knows the evidence does not sus-
tain him. He went into the merits and not the
prima facie case. I want to show what is the
prima facie case. The certificate of the four
legally constituted judges with the consent of
the judge from Somerset w.ould have put an end
to the whole question. If that certificate had
been signed in Chambersburg by that judge on
that occasion this difficulty would not have
sprung up, Mr. Coffroth would have had his
certificate and been the sitting member. No
one controverts this.
Now, sir, the legitimate evidence was before
the committee to show why the judge from
Somerset did not go before the board and pre-
sent the vote of that county: What was it ?
Because that vote was deficient 93 to give to
Mr. Koontz the majority. He therefore availed
himself of the privilege of retiring, although ho
was notified the board was ready to act and was
in the town of Chambersburg. He stepped
aside and withheld the vote of Somerset and
let four of the five make a certificate which did
not answer the requisitions of the law. The
committee had evidence before them what that
vote of Somerset was; if it had been presented
by this judge on that occasion, it would have made
the certificate complete. It was enough to give
Mr. Coffroth a majority of 93 votes, and that
man knew it. I claim this shall not be taken
to benefit Mr. Koontz. I insist that the certifi-
cate shall be, whenever you go by evidence be-
fore the committee, as it would have been if
that man had gone on and returned the votes
of his county. I say, no fair-minded man will
come to any other conclusion. That will settle
the case prima facie in fa\or of the man wdio
is reported by the committee entitled to it.
One word further. I know the weight of par-
tisan feeling. I know full well how the ma-
jority of this House are pressed on this question
in favor of the claimant, Mr. Koontz; bntlsay
to that majority I have seen this man Coffroth
more sorely pressed that any of us can be on
this occasion iti the last Congress when ho had
the independence to vote with us, which exposed
him to the maledictions of his own party. I
sayPdo no more than justice on this occasion.
We should treat him with a spirit of fairness,
irrespective of party feelings. I am done.
Mr. STEVENS. Who was in the bargain
that led him to give that vote?
Mr. SPALDING. I am party to no bargain
here either with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Sixvex.s] 01- anybody else.
Mr. I'PSON. I yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks J a few minutes.
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not desire to weary the
patience of the House at this time, nor do I in-
tend in any degree to go over the ground that
has been so ably gone over by the gentlemen
who made the majority and minority reports in
this case.
But, sir, I believe I understand very well
wheie fhe trouble is. It is at the starting point.
Both of the gentlemen have ably argued the
case from the point of view at which they stand,
and it is bat for the House to determine what
it was that they imposed upon this committee
to do, and the whole thing is settled. Did they
impose upon the committee the duty of inquir-
ing into the merits of this ease and ascertain
who has received tin1 greator-t number of votes,
or did they impose upon it the duty of ascer-
taining what the (rovernor of Penu; \ Ivnnia was
unable to do. who had the prima facie case?
Let me read the resolution instructing the com-
mittee. Upon that hangs the whole ease:
" Iie°oh'rtl, Tli at fhe certificates and ail other papers
relating to the election in the sixteenth congressional
