1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
920
district of Pennsylvania be referred to the Commit-
tee of Election?, when appointed, with instructions to
wnort at as early a day as practicable which of the
rival claimants! to the vacant seat from taut district
his the prima facie right thereto, reserving to the
other natty the privilege of contenting the case upon
the merit? without prejudice from lapse of time or
want of notice." _
With that resolution of instruction before us,
it seems to roe we had something else to do
than to investigate j;his ease on the merits. And
I have only to call the attention of the House
to-day to the able argument of my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Siiei.i.abaroer,] in support of the minor-
ity report, to answer th° t|uestion, whether that
minority have adhered to this rule or whether
they have not, and whether the learned gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] has
not put it entirely upon the ground that it was
our duty to ascertain who had the greatest
number of votes, and if so, we were required
to do that without any testimony, without any
examination into the case, but were to decide
who had the greatest number of votes without
stopping to inquire into the truth in reference
to a single vote. I did not so understand my
duty under this resolution. If I mistook it,
then the majority on the committee have de-
parted from what the House required of them.
If I am right in this, that we were to leave the
merits of the case until they could be examined
in the light of the testimony taken on one side
and the other, then the majority of the com-
mittee are right. .
What is the prima facte case? W hat is the
prima facie title to a seat which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] ana every
Other gentleman brings to this House? It is
the proclamation of the Governor. N either ot
these parties hud this proclamation. Is it not
then our duty to betake ourselves to the posi-
tion in which the Governor himself was and
see if we can find the testimony properly and
" legally brought before him and m existence
upon which to base a prima facie case? What
does he base his prima facie case upon? He
bases it in this instance upon the certificate ot
the return judges of five counties. And 1 ap-
peal to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
until you go to the merits you cannot go behind
that certificate.
Now, what was the difficulty with the return
upon which the Governor was to base his cer-
tificate? Why, they did not embrace but tour
counties. It was a legal board of four out of
five judges, but it did not embrace but tour
counties. Why not? Because one of those
five judges chose not to go into that board
chose to absent himself from it because he
thought some of these other four had made a
mistake in their calculation which he had noth-
ing to do with in their own counties. And heie
: I will say in passing that it was the most natu-
ral thing in the world that he should have gone
. to Attornery General Black to support him m
this idea of seceding fram the board and bieak-
ino- it up by that operation. _ And that is all 1
; have to say about that opinion.
i Well, sir, there was a competent board with
; four full returns of the four counties befoie
' them. They could not return five because ti 3 (
' had not got the fifth. The man who w as m ,
trusted with it had gone out with the return ,
: hi Now! what did the majority of the committee j
do? They iustsupplied that deficiency. Ihcj
ptii in that return "from the, fifth comi^abavd
: which there is no dispute. Lh®n ll^ >!
• what thev had and put it wi tn what we Gov
cm or and his attorney general said was .t 1 that
was necessary. I'or the attorney gen • '
■ his printed opinion, says if thev had
Somerset county, that it would ha .  
duty to have given the pn ma jane title• t o Mr.
Coffroth. So, as there was no dispute about ,t,
: we put it along with the tour and we tlien had
what the Governor and his attornev general
said thev must do to give the prttna Jatie eao
to Mr Coft'roth. Go behind lne?e cenihcntes
and von set into a position that is presented
here of contesting and wrangling upon what
tto paper means, which can be settle* only by
89xu Ooxu. 1st Sics,v- -No. oi).
testimony on one side and on the other. It-is
because 1 agree with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Steves,s] that we have no busi-
ness to go behind these certificates on the
prima facie case, that I say we did just what
the Governor and the attorney general say is
all that was necessary, put, Somerset with the
other four counties, and there it is;
Now, you go behind those certificates; you
find something the matter with this return, and
som ething the matter with that return, and there
is diversity of opinion, but all of it susceptible
of explanation by testimony, none of which was
sent to the committee. Let me refer to an
instance. This return of 78 votes for member of
Congress, cast by 39 persons, is explained by
the minority of the committee by the theory that
the balance of these persons belonged in another
county, and therefore ought _to_ be counted.
Now, to show you how unsafe it is to take that
theory, let me state a single fact. That expla-
nation was never thought of before the commit-
tee. On the other hand, a very different theory
was urged by Mr. Koontz and his counsel to
explain that discrepancy. They suggested that
it had got to be almost night; that the Con-
gress vote was the only one cared for; and m
their anxiety to get in the Congress vote they
allowed the balance of them to vote without
recording their names. That was the statement
made by them before the committee; and it
was only after my learned colleagues on the
committee began to make up their minority
report that they adopt this other theory that
they must be charged to another county.
Now, that may be right. I do not mean to
say that it is not right. _ But I mean to say that
it is the most unsafe thing in the world to take
these theories in reference to these papers,
when we are called upon, as the gentleman fi om
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] well says, to stand
by the certificates until we go into the merits of
the case.
My friends, in this prima facie ease, have
counted returns that never have been sworn to,
although the law requires that they should be
sworn to. And they have counted those that
have be.en sworn to before an officer contrary
to the provisions of the law. Now, m going
into the merits of the case that is all right; we
should go behind those returns and examine
them. But upon a prima facie case we should
not do so. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
TMr Stevens] has acted with me over and over
again, and unseated men upon the merits of the
case because of such returns. I can refer the
gentleman to reports that have unseated men
on the merits of the case, because the returns
wore not Sworn to. And yet on this prraa
facie case we are called upon, gomg behind all
these returns, to count all these votes.
All I care for in the decision of this case is
the precedent. Having had a great deal of
experience on this Committee of LlecUons. foi
once I desire to leave a record behind, mc that
shall be consistent with itself, it nothing e.se,
and upon that record I am willing to be judged
as a lawyer. I have called upon this House
over and over again, and I have nad tne aid o
every member from Pennsylvania then m this
House, to sustain me upon the very points upon
which this majority iePort has now been made.
And they will be called upon within a week,
rerhap*. to do the very same thing again. And
™\J like mv learned friend from Vonnsylv
was all that was lacking to enable him to give
Mr. Coffroth precisely the same prima facie
title to a seat here that is asked by the major-
ity of the committee. When the times, shall
come to go into the merits of the case, upon
the evidence, I doubt not my friends of the
minority of the committee will find the major-
ity, as the majority of the committee believe
they will find the minority, earnestly.desiroa#
of reaching every vote honestly cast by soldieif
or civilian, here or anywhere else; and of giv-
ing it its full effect. Till then, when I ara
called upon to state what is the prima facie ca.se,
excluding b"y the very terms of the resolution
my entering into the merits of the case, I hold
myself bound to do that only, and that is the
reason why I join with the majority of the com-
mittee in this report.
Mr.-UPSON. I now yield five minutes of
my time to my colleague upon the eommittee
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield. ]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I "am astonished, Mr.
Speaker, to hear the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] claim that Mr. Coffroth
has the papers, even if Mr. Koontz has the
votes. I was astonished to hear my friend from
New York [Mr. Hotchkiss] take the same
gI Mr! HOTCHKISS. I desire, with the gentle-
man's permission, to say one word by way of
explanation. . .
Sir. SCOFIELD. I have only five minutes,
and I cannot yield.
Sir, I deny that Mr, Coffroth has the papers.
When the election day closed in Pennsylvania,
and the three officers whose duty it was counted
the votes, and made a written memorandum,
signing their names to it—when such a count
unless.like mv learned
nia. [Mr. Rtevexs,1 they can entire y disembar-
rass themselves to-day of anything they saiuj es
terda\, thev will come up and vote in die next
case or the next but one, or in some other case,
precisely in accordance with the_ report of the
majority of the committee m tms case.
iS The details of thisTcase have been gone over
very ably by my friend from Michigan, [M;.
XJvsov.l who represents the majority of the
eojumittee, and by my friend from
TMr Paixe,] who represents tne imno,K>
the committee. I am not going into t;,at ma ^
of kbyrinth. I mean to put this case simply
unon the fact-that we had what the
of Pennsylyania and his attorney general . .
■was made and signed, not only of the home
vote but of the soldiers' vote—it must be con-
ceded by every candid man that, as shown by
the papers-referred to the committee, Mr.
Koontz had a majority of 68._ The _ man who
denies this greatly mistakes, m my judgment,
the facts of the case. . .
Mr UPSON. I desire to inquire of my
friend whether the tabular statement made up
by the minority of the committee does not
give Mr. Koontz a majority ot only 32. ihat
being the fact, by what process does the gentle-
man now make the majpnty for Mr. Koontz
more than double that number?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Upon one hypothesis his
majority is 32; but counting some votes which
are omitted from that summing up, his major-
ity is G3. . c Ar_
Now, sir, as there was a majority lot Mr.
Koontz on the night of the election, when
the votes had all been counted, why has he
not received a certificate? Because, when the
board, whose simple duty it was to add up the
votes, and to do nothing else, met in Bedtord
county and Adams county, the Democrats
said We will not count the votes, we will not
add up the returns that come from the soldiers
in the field;" while the Republicans said,
" We will add up those votes. So the board
divided. There was the point of departure.
Henceforth there never was a proper adding
up of all the votes by a full board. 1 he Re-
publicans added all the votes, including tlie sol-
diers' vote; the Democrats added all the'joU-s,
including a portion of the soldiers vote. There-
fore we nowhere had a legal addition of al, t. o
votes. We had the summing up of the votes
made by the judges in each election precinct
Those various precinct returns were referred
by this House to the Committee of Elections.
That committee added them up. N o board had
ever summed them up. One portion of tne
board had added together a portion of the votes;
another portion of the board had added together
the whole of the votes. But the minority of
the Committee of Elections added them all to-
gether, making a majority of 68 for Mr. Koontz.
file re the hammer lelL]
Mr. UPSON. I now yield to my colleague,
l"S!r Dittoes,] who wishes one minute.
Mr DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. SoofieldJ hps ex-
pressed his surprise tW gentlemen taking the
m'
