930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
opposite view from that adopted ly him should
say, "Though Mr. Koontz has the votes. Mr.
Coffroth has the papers." I was equally sur-
Erisedwhen my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
tevexs] put his advocacy of the claims of Mr.
Koontz upon the ground that we may, in view
of events which are coming on, realize the value
of one vote. Sir, I want to vote right on this
question ; and I will vote in the manner which
I believe to be right, regardless of consequences.
I believe that the votes, honestly counted, are
in favor of Mr. Coffroth; aud for that reason I
shall vote to give him the seat.
Mr. UPSON. I now yield for a few mo-
ments to my friend from Connecticut, [Mr.
Hubbard.]
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Mr.
Speaker, I wish to give the views which will
control my vote on this occasion, and perad-
venture may control the votes of others. I
agree that we should not have any partisan
feeling. This is a mere question of prima facie
right to a seat upon this floor between two con-
testants. The majority of the committee have
justly reported in favor of Mr. Coffroth as hav-
ing that prima facie right. As T understand
the minority I cannot vote with them, because
they have passed over the question which was
submitted to them and upon which the majoritv
have made their report; that is, who has a
prima facie right to a seat upon this tloor. I
have confidence in the Committee of Elections,
but I have more confidence in the report of the
majority than in the report of the minority, for
X believe that in the multitude of counselors
there is safety. [Laughter and applause.]
Mr. Speaker, all who are upon this floor
know very well we cannot take up an election
case here, consider it carefully, and come to a
correct conclusion on the subject. We are all
appointed by you. members of committees. We
have submitted this to the Committ-ee of Elec-
tions. They have considered it carefully. They
have had all the evidence before them. They
come in and make^ a report; and they make
that report upon their oaths. I have confidence
in that report, and shall vote in accordance
with it. [ Applause.]
Mr. UPSON*. I do not think the House
needs any further discussion of this subject;
and I therefore yield the floor, that the vote
may be taken.
The SPEAKER stated the first question in
order to be on the following resolutions, offered
as an amendment by the minority of the com-
mittee :
l-.&oW, TUatWilliam H. Koontz hasthcju-raa
facie nsht ..0 a seat in this House, as a Ilcm-cseiita-
moot t.ic sixteen! a congressional district of the
state of Pcnnsvlvaim.
2. Resolved, That Alexander II. Coffroth, desiring
to contest the risht oi William II. Koontz to a se-t
as a hoDi-esentntivn of the sixteenth conditional
ctistries. Ij-j rcqtured to serve upon the saut Koontz
within liftcen days after the adoption of this resolu-
tion. a particular statement of the grounds of said
contest: and that the said Kaonlz "be required to
}." upon tin pi'd Coffroth u i■ answer rliei eto wit'i-
.FVand (hat both paitics he
allow^(1 fcixty d'ns noxt tutor the service of said ap-
swer to taivc Wimony in eupport of their coverai
allocation? and denials; noticc^ of pro^o^ed exam-
inations of witnesses to be given at lcasr tive-davs
bciorc such examination-:; no such examination to
bo commenced at one plnec before the expiration of
live days from the conclusion of the last examination
at another place: such examinations to b0 regulated
in ail oiaer rc'pcets by the provision*. of the act of
i1 eornary ]>, ISoi.
Mr. SLOAN. Is it in order to move to refer
the whole subject back to the committee with
instructions Y
Hie SPEAKER. It is not in order, as the
mam question has been ordered.
Mr. SLOAN. _ I move to reconsider the vote
by whicluhe main question was ordered.
Ir. UPSOiN. I move to lay that question
on the table.
I he latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PAKE demanded the yeas and nays on
toe re.-idull011.
i lie yeas and nays were ordered.
_ i l-o qui.1!ion was taken; and it was decided
111 tue negative yeas 53, nays 82. not votin"
42 ; as follows : °
YEAS —Mows. Allison, Delos K, Ashley,Baker,
Banks. BidwcII, Bingham, Blaine, Bontwell, Brom-
wcll. Brooraall, Header w. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Conkling, Cook, E.-klcy, E^gleston, (iarlield, Urin-
neil. AbncrO. Harding, Chester I). ilubbard, Demas
Hubbard, James 11. ilubbell, llnlburd, James Ilum-
ptircy, Kelley, Kelso, Laiiin, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrencc, Loan, Lonjryoar,Lynch, Mnrvin,
McClursr, McKee.Mercnr, Moorhead, Myers, O'Neill,
Paine, Perham, Pike. Price, l!oliins, Sawyer, Sco-
field. Shellabnrgcr, Sloan, Starr, Stevens, Thayer,
Trowbridge, Vnn Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Warner,
Wontworth. Williams, and Stephen F. Wilson—58.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Jame3 M. Ash-
Icy, Baxter, Boaman, Bergen, Boyer, Buckland,
Chanler, Cobb, Cullom, Dawes, Dcfrees, Dolano,
Doming, Driggs*. Eldrid^e, Eliot, Farnsworth, Far-
quhar, Ferry, Finck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Gri-
dcr, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Ilayes, llogan,
Hooper, Ilctfohkiss, John H. Hubbard, James M.
Humphrey, Ingorsoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Julian,
Kasson, Ketcliam, Knykendall, Latham, Le Blond,
John L./Thoinn^Thornton, Trimble, Upson, Voor
hees. Elil.n T>. U'n^llhnvnf' William "U IVoehlMivn
Barker, Benjamin. Blow, Br:inde?ce,Brooks,Bandy,
Culver, Doriiiis, j.),!vw, Dawson. Benison, Dixon,
Donnelly, Dumont, Ilariis, Hart, Henderson. Hisby,
Hill, Holme?, Amabel \V. Hubbard, hldwin \. Ilub-
bell, Jones, Kerr, Marshall, Miller, Newell, Patter-
son, Phelps, Plants, Sitsrcaves, Stilwel], Stronse,
Taylor, llobert T. Van Horn, Ward, Windora, "Win-
field, and WoG'lljrkl^e—42.
So the resolutions were rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER stated that his col-
league, Mr. Dawsox, was paired with Mr. Don-
nelly, of Minnesota.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question then recurred on the following:
, Resolved, That Alexander H. Coffroth, upon thcccr-
tificates and papers relating to the election in the six-
teenth congressional district of the State ot Pennsyl-
vania. lias the prima facie right to the vacant seat
from that district, and is entitled to take the oath of
omce and occupy a seat in this House as the Repre-
sentative in Congress ftom said district, without pre-
ludicc to the right of William II. Koontz, claiming to
have been duly elected thereto, to contest his risht
to said scat upon the merits.
Resolved, That William II. Koontz, desiring to con-
test the right of Hon. Alexander II. Cofrroth to aseat
in this House as a Representative from the sixteenth
district of the State of Pennsylvania, be, and he is,
required to serve upon the said Coffroth, within fif-
tcen days after the passage of this resolution, a par-
ticular statement ot the grounds of said contest, and
that the said Coliroth be, and he ib hei coy, required to
serve upon the saidlCoontz hisanswer thereto within
fliteen days thereafter, and that both parties be al-
lowed sixty days next after the service ofsaidanswer
to take testimony in support of their several allega-
tions and dentals, notice of intention to examine wit-
nesses to be given to the opposite party at least live
days before then examination, but neither party to
fnve notice of taking testimony within loss than live
days between the close of taking it at one place and
its commencement at another, but in all other respects
manner proscribed in the act of February 19,
^ Mr. V, Oirrif, If the first resolution
fails, does not this resolution go back to the
people and let them fight it out there?
ihe SPK VKEit. rllie Chair cannot answer
that question.
The resolutions tvere adopted.
Mr. L'PSOX moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted ; and
al?o moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the Sable.
ihe latter motion ivas agreed to.
^ Mr. COI-11101II presented himself at the
Speaker s desk and was duly qualified.
B.YXimUPT GILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the next busi-
nessin order was Ilouso bill No. 7, to establish
ajimtnrm system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States, upon which Mr. Jexckes had
the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the special
order now pending be postponed until the next
special order is disposed of, which is the lnan
bill. I do this with the assent of the gentleman
from Rhode Wand. [Mr. Jexckes.]
Mr. JLNCkES. Ihe bankrupt bill will
then come up next, after the loan bill is dis-
posed of.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.)the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 20, 1806.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
'The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
MESSAGE FI103I THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bill and joint resolution, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
t A bill (H. R. No. 268) for the relief of Albert
Kevins; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 75) to encour-
age and facilitate telegraphic communication
between the western and eastern continents.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of the establish-
ment of the following mail routes in that State:
from the city of McGregor, Clayton county, to
Strawberry Point, in that county; from the
city of Des Moines, vialndianola, Chariton, and
Oorydon, to Lineville, on the State line be-
tween Iowa and Missouri; from Independence,
Buchanan county, to Fayette, in the county of
Fayette; from Ossian, in Winneshiek county,
to Charles City, in Floyd county; and from
Des Moines to Grove City, in Cass county;
which were referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a petition
of assistant assessors of internal revenue in
the second district of Indiana, praying for an
increase of their compensation ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Tarrytown, Westchester county, New
York, praying for the establishment of a mail
route from Tarrytown to White Plains, in that
Stale; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices aud Post Roads.
He also presented resolutions of the Union
League Club of the city of New York, in favor
of certain guarantees in the restoration of the
rebellious territory to practical relations in the
Union, namely, the exclusion from oflice of
all who have borne arms as officers in the mil-
itary or naval service or held ofiice under or
willingly contributed money to the so-called
confederate government ; repudiation of all
debts contracted in the prosecution of the rebel-
lion ; equality before the law to all men without
regard to race or color; the prohibition of all
class legislation, and the extension of the elect-
ive franchise to all classes ; which were referred
to the joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of Sarah
Rodman, widow of Robert C. Rodman, late :t
sailmaker in the Navy of the United States,
praying for a renewal of her pension ; which
was^referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HOWE presented the memorial of Alfred
Guthrio, supervising inspector of steamboats at,
Chicago, Illinois, praying for a modification of
the steamboat law and lor an increase of the
salaries ot steamboat inspectors corresponding
with the increased duties imposed on them by
the act of June 8, 1804 ; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. C RES WELL presented the petition of
.Tohn McCollum, S. D. McConl cey, and others,
assistant assessors of tlie third district of Mary-
land, praying for an increase of their pay and
allowances^ which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. KIRIvWOOD presented the petition of
T. S. Briscoe, praying for compensation for
his services in recruiting men for the Army in
Iowa j which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HENDERSON". J present the petition
of twelve hundred citizens of th© State of Mis-
