934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Cullough vs. The State of Maryland, delivered
by him. We will quote several passages from
that rich mine of constitutional law:
'tin Ameiieatho, poworsofsovereignty aredivided
between the Government of the Union and those of
the States. They are caoh sovereign with respect to
th,o objects committed to it, neither with respect to
the object® committed to the other."
"This Government is acknowledged by all to be
one ot enumerated powers. The principlethatitean
exercise only the powers granted to it would seem too
apparent to have requiicd to be enforced by all those
arguments which its enlightened friends, while it was
depending before the people, found it necessary to
urge."
' The tenth amendment, which was framed for the
purpose of quieting the exccs&ive jealousies which
had been excited, declares that 4 the powers not dele-
gated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
prohibited by itto the States, are reserved to the States
respectively, or to the people.'"
Another great principle is thus stated in that
opinion:
"The power of creating a corporation, thousrh ap-
pertaining to sovereignty, id not hke the power of
making war or levying- taxes, or of regulating com-
merce, a fneat substantive aiHl independent power,
which cannot b,a Implied as incidental to other pow-
ers, or usqd as tho means of executing them. It is
never the end tor which other powers are exercised,*
but a mean.-, by which olner objects are accomplished."
"The powerof creating a corporation is never used
for its own sake, but lor the purpose of effcctingsome-
thin? else. No sufiicient reason is therefore per-
ceived why it may not pass as incidental to those
powers which are expressly Riven, (to collect taxes,
pay the debts of the United States, &c„) if it be a
direct mode of executing them.*'
Again, he saj-s :
" We admit, all mu?t admit, the powers of the Gov-
ernment are limited. But we think a sound construc-
tion of the Constitution muc.C allow to the national
Legislature the discretion with rcspect to the means
by which the powers it confcrs are to be carried into
execution, which will enable that body to perform the
high duties as-igned to it in the manner most bene-
ficial to tho people. Let the end be legitimate, let it
be within the scope of the Constitution, and all means
which are appropriate, which are plainly adapted to
the end, which arc not prohibited, but consonant to
the letter and spirit of the Constitution, are consti-
tutional."
Also :
"Should Consrrcs. in the execution of its powers,
adopt measures which are prohibited by the Constitu-
tion; or should Congress, under the pretext of exe-
cuting its powers, pa<s laws for the accomplishment
of object* not intrusted to the Government, it would
becomc the painful duty of this tribunal, should a ease
requiring such a decision come before it, to say that
such an act was not the law of the land."
The American people are more indebted to
Mr. Madison than any other man for their Con-
stitution ; and they arc under not less obliga-
tion to Chief Justice Marshall for his able and
luminous expositions of its great principles.
If this act is examined in the clear light shed
upon it by the principles stated in the extracts
from this imperishable opinion which we have
here presented, a correct judgment on the ques-
tion of its constitutionality can be formed by
all men ©f common honesty and understanding.
But preliminary to this examination we -will
consider the two sources of power which its
friends contend give authority to Congress to
pass it:
L From this provision of the Constitution :
uThe citizens or each State shall be entitled to
the privileges and.immunitles of citizens of the
neural States." The corrcct interpretation
of this clause, as to the persons comprehended
by it, would seem to be without difficulty. It
applies to two classes of persons: 1. The citi-
zens of a State, who, without changing their
residence, go temporarily into another \State,
in transitu or on business or pleasure. 2. The
citizens of any Stale who may remove their
residence into another State. Both these classes
becomc entitled to the prhileges and immuni-
ties of Ameiican citizens in the several States,
but the pieci^e extent and the particular kinds
of those privileges and immunities are questions
not of easy solution. This provisionof the Con-
stitution has been in a few cases before the
United States circuit and two or three of the
State courts Cor their considerations: and tliev
have ruled definitely and unanimously that it
does not e::tendto the citizens of any State who
have not changed their residence or gone into
an other Stat e h >r some temporary purpose. (See
a Harris & McHenry. 554 ; -iWasb. C. IX., G80;
C Pick., ')~2,} ' ;
But this bill by its terms applies to all the |
inhabitants of the United States, without regard !
to race or color, including the greatmass of the i
people, those who have not changed their resi- j
dence from one State to another, nor gone into j
another State for any temporary purpose, nor ;
are claiming any privilege or immunity of an
American citizen in any other State than the
one in which they reside. Consequently this
provision of the Constitution, allowing to it the
broadest application which can be claimed
under its language, would only authorize an act
of Congress that would embrace but an incon-
siderable portion of the people and their privi-
leges and immunities, when this act, by its
terms, is made to comprehend all. It is there-
fore palpably obnoxious'to the objection of
being in conflict with the Constitution. It is
indeed flagrantly so, because Congress has no
constitutional power to bring a single person in
the United States, or his property or rights,
under the provisions or operation of this act.
I think this last position will be made good by
my subsequent remarks.
II. But the second section of the last amend-
ment of the Constitution is mostly relied upon
by the friends of this measure as conferring
upon Congress the power to pass it. That
amendment is in these words :
" Snc. 1. Neitherslaverynor involuntary servitude,
except as punishment for crime whereof the party
shall have been duly convicted, shall exist in the
United States or any place subject to their jurisdic-
tion."
'* Srcc. 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation."
The second section invests Congress with no
more power than it would have "possessed with-
out it. Paragraph eighteen, section eight, article
one, provides:
"The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of the
United States, or any department or officer thereof."
This provision gives to Congress the same
faculty of ancillary legislation to execute pow-
ers that might be conferred on the Government
of the United States by all after amendments
of the Constitution, as to execute those given
and enumerated by the Constitution in the
form in which it was first adopted; and it
invests Congress with the same and equal
power to paos auxiliary laws to give force and
effect to the first section of this amendment
that the second section does.
Between the words ''Congress shall have
power to make all laws which shall be necessary
and proper for carrying into execution the
first section of article thirteen and the words
''Congress shall have power to enforce that
section by appropriate legislation,'5 I know no
difference of sense and meaning. If there be
any. the first import, the larger power. "To
executeis to carry into complete effect"to
enf< ivce " is to urge on.
They bolli confer this incidental power ; but
any legislation to be legitimate under either
must be appropriate and consistent with the
letter and spirit of the Constitution; and that
character _ of legislation, to execute the first
section of this amendment, would be author-
ized by both.
The first section simply abolishes slavery and
involuntary servitude at that time, and inhibits
them, prospectively, in the United States and
every place subject to their jurisdiction. It
neither does nor attempts to do anything more.
It does not directly and positively give freedom
to the slaves; that is done consequentially by
the abolition of slavery. Slavery and freedom
as here used are American terms, and import
definite American ideas: and in the American
sense are they to be treated. Slavery is the
slate of entire legal subjection of one person
to the will of another, and freedom is the total
absence of such subjection from a person.
V\ hatever force entirely and peunanenlly anni-
hilates that subjection of a person, and remits
him from the w;ll of bis owner to his own will, I
to govern and control himself, both abolishes I
his slavery and gives him his freedom. Slavery I
is his individual personal condition of entire
subjection to the will of another ; his freedom
is his personal, permanent deliverance from
that subjection, and his protection by the law
in this condition.
The first section of the amendment, having
no other object or effect than to abolish all
existing slavery and its prevention in the future,
they are the only ends which would authorize
any incidental and auxiliary legislation, and
such legislation must be "appropriate to those
ends," "plainly adapted to them," "mostsuit-
able,fit, and proper to give them effect;" "it
must not be prohibited, but consistent with the
letter and spirit of the Constitution." "Itmust
not, under the pretext of executing" the first
section of this amendment, " be in fact to effect
objects not intrusted to the Federal Govern-
ment by the Constitution." These are the
tests, according to Chief Justice Marshall, of
all such legislation. Unless this act can stand
each and every one of them, it cannot, even
with the approval of the President, become
the law. Let us examine how it can sustain
these tests.
This amendment of the Constitution does not
enumerate the power to establish a Freedmen's
Bureau as a congressional power; it does not
expressly confer on Congress the power to cre-
ate a Freedmen's Bureau. Then, if such a power
exist, like the power to establish a bank, it is
an implied power. It is not a "substantive,
independent power," for the execution of which
other and incidental powers may be invoked ;
but it is itself an incidental power, to be used
only to execute some other and an express
or enumerated power. All concede that the
only express or enumerated power to execute
or enforce which the Freedmen's Bureau can
be claimed to be auxiliary is expressed by the
first section of the amendment:
" Xeither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except
ass punishment ' for crime,' shall exist within the
United States," &c.
Then the power of Congress to organize this
bureau is implied and incidental; it is not for
tho purpose of creating the bureau itself, but
because such a machinery "is necessary and
proper," "appropriate," to enforce the aboli-
tion and prohibition of slavery in the United
States. It might be plausibly, if not truthfully,
argued that no legislation whatever was neces-
sary to execute or enforce that section ; that
of itself it fully and completely abolished all
existing, and prohibited all future, slavery in
the United States ; and that every being whose
rights under it were infringed, would, by tho
principles of the common law, be entitled to
redress, both in the form of civil suit and penal
prosecution. But, if auxiliary legislation be
necessary, it cannot appropriately and con-
stitutionally do more than, to give to injured
parties efficient legal protection, by suit and
penal and criminal proceedings in court. No
human laws can prevent the rights guarantied
by this provision of the Constitution from being
invaded. All that is possible is to furnish the
injured appropriate and constitutional redress.
It is an inflexible rule of construction of all
writings, instruments, laws, treaties, and con-
stitutions, that a clearly expressed provision
shall not be nullified or restricted by any im-
plication, but shall have its full effect accord-
ing to the language embodied in it.
Article ten of the Constitution reads:
"The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor piohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the peo-
ple."
\ et this Freedmen's Bureau act, passed with
no warrant of authority but the implied inci-
dental power to enforce the first section of the
amendment, nullifies this provision of tho Con-
stitution, by absorbing all the essential sover-
eignty and rights of the States, expressly, and
so emphatically guarantied by it.
The executive power only is vested by the
Constitution in the Piesident of the United
States in the first section of article two; and
the first section of article three says:
"The judicial power of tho United States shall bo
