1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
935
vested in one Supreme Court and such inferior courts
as the Congress may from time to time ordain and
establish."
Section two reads:
"The judicial.power shall extend to nil cases, in
law and equity, arising under this Constitution, tlie
laws of the United States/'&c„"between citizens of
the different States," &e.
And section one, article one, provides—
"All legislative powers herein granted, shall be
vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall
consist of a Senate and House of Representatives," A-o.
All these principles, established by express
language, are flagrantly infracted by this act,
in these respects:
1. It authorizes the President to detail " a
Commissioner and assistant commissioners for
the bureau from the Army; and to assign an !
officer of the Army, or an enlisted man, to act '
as agent in each sub-district; which officers
and military men are invested by it with judi-
cial powers and functions.
2. No appeal, writ of error, or transfer from
the judgments of this bureau is permitted to i
the supreme or inferior courts of the United !
States, even though the case may arise under 1
the Constitution or the laws of the United
States, and be between citizens of different
States.
3. It makes it " the duty of the officers and
agents of this bureau to take jurisdiction of j
and to hear and determine all offenses commit-
ted against its provisions, and also of all cases
affecting negroes, mulattoes, freedmen, refu-
gees, or other persons, who are discriminated
against in any of the particulars mentioned in
the act."
4. It authorizes the President, through the
"War Department, to disperfse with all laws,
whether of the States or the United States, and
to substitute such rules and regulations as he
by that agency, in the possession of absolute
and irresponsible power, may devise.
The third paragraph of section two, article
three, provides:
" The trial of all crimes, except incases of impeach-
ment, shall bo by juiy; and such trial shall be held
in the State where the said crimes shall have been
committed," <fec.
Article five defines the mode of accusation
for crimes, and prescribes a trial by due
process of law," &c.
Article six declares:
"In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall
en'oy the right to a speedy and public trial by an im-
partial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed," &c.
Article seven provides:
" Tn suits at common law, where the value in con-
troversy shall cxceed twenty dollars, the riprht ol trial
by jury shall be preserved, and no ia.ct triedby a jury
shall bo otherwise reexamined in any court of the
United States than according1 to the rules ot the com-
mon law."
This last provision has been construed by the*
Supreme Court in a very careful opinion^ an-
nounced bv Justice Marshall, in which it is
ruled tluil "in all civil cases in which the mat-
ter ill contest is above twenty dollars, either
party is entitled to a jury in every court into
which it may be taken 5 and that this principle
extends to all subjects of suit of which courts
of equity and admiralty have not the exclusive
jurisdiction. (See Weston vs. Council of City
of Charleston, 2 Pet., 440, 449.)
The inestimable right of trial by jury, so
prized bv our ancestors, so sedulously guarded
and assured to every person by tho^e express
provisions pf the Constitution, is wholly repu-
dialed, both in criminal and civil cases, by this
act requiring them to be tried by the oihcers
and agents of this military bureau i and lor the
law is°substituted the will of a military despot.
But this measure is not merely to secure iree-
dom now and prospectively to the negro popu-
lation of the United States.. Besides being fla-
gitiouslv unconstitutional in all its _ principal
provisions, it is not as a means suitable, tit,
appropriate, plainly, and directly adapted. to
those ends. Under the pretext of enforcing
the first section of the amendment, the practi-
cal operation would be unfriendly, hostile to
its true and honest purposes; and it has other
objects altogether alien to them, transcending
the powers of Congress and the Federal Gov-
ernment, and subversive of the Constitution
and the liberties of the people.
It has been devised by the leaders of the party
in power as a most potent, extensive, and per-
vading party machinery; and while holding out
to the negro the magic lure of liberty and homes
and largesses at the cost of the white people of
the United States, the design is to regnslave
the freedmen and to reduce the white race of
the southern States to a slavery even lower than
that of the blacks, and with the aid of general
negro suffrage to hold them permanently in that
condition. If the negro is free in law and fact,
why is he not in the enjoymentof the freewill,
the unfettered conduct and action of the white
man? The plea that this bureau is necessary
to protect the freedman from his late master is
false, and those who make statements to that
effect are holding places, public or private,. in
connection with this bureau or are plundering
under its cover. These testimonies, as a gen-
eral rule, originate in mercenary sources and
are not entitled to any credit. Their former
owners are a much surer reliance for justice,
protection, kindness, and sympathy to their late
slaves than this bureau, its officers and agents,
and the plunderers who are living and fattening
by it.
The white people of the South generally,
almost universally, submit to the fact that the
negroes are permanently free. The two races
are living in the same country, and so must con-
tinue. They know each other better than they
or either of them are known to the people of
the free States. The white race, either natives
of the South or from other localities, will be
the proprietors of the land, and the black its
cultivators j such is their destiny. The late
owners and their slaves know, or wonld soon
learn and recognize the fact, that mutual con-
fidence and good will are essential to the wel-
fare of both races. The white man would be
taught that he could win these from the black
man only by justice, kindness, and respectful
treatment; and the latter would not be slow in
understanding that a diligent and faithful per-
formance of his duties to his employer, and an
obliging disposition toward him and his family,
would not only secure his rights, but also a gen-
erous sympathy. The general good of each
State would require the establishment of such
relations, and their legislation and policy would
be faithfully and wisely applied to establish and
perpetuate them. If Congress would refrain
from all intermeddling with these matters, over
which it has not a particle of legitimate author-
ity, and would remit them to the respective
States, where alone they properly belong, they
would soon be adjusted upon a basis combin-
ing justice, humanity, and the soundest policj.
But it is the fixed purpose of the party which
sustains .the Freedmen1 s Bureau to prevent the
late masters and the late slaves from coming
to any friendly settlement. That party has two
cardinal purposes to which it intends to appro-
priate the freedman : first, by military coercion
to work the cotton and sugar lands of the south-
ern States for the benefit of its section and of
those who constitute the party ; second, to con-
fer on the freedman the right ol suffrage and
constrain them to vote for the perpetuation of
their party power, and, with the aid ot liiesc
allies, to control the elections in the late s;ave
States and hold possession of the Government
of the United States. To achieve these grand
party ends the Freedmen's Bureau, w:th its
enormous and irresponsible military powers,
is a necessary engine. By its great largesses
of lands, homes, and supplies it fixes the entire
ne"ro masses of the United btates in the inter-
ests of the northern radical party : and o\ its
diffused and vigorous military government it
will hold together, control, and give direction
to all their efficient labor. Its \ urious, exten-
sive, and arbitrary powers, grasping m its em-
brace the whole of both races 111 the late slave
States and their property, business, ana con-
'•I eerns and especially their relations with eaca
ij other, will enable it to depress the whites, to
I! fav or and hold up the blacks, to flatter the van-
ity and excite the insolence of the latter, te
mortify and irritate the former, and perpetuate
between them enmity and strife.
This is the state of relations between the two
races which the Freedmen's Bureau will bring
about and protract, to afford a pretext, in the
absence of war and military necessity, for its
continuance. The law of the last session or-
ganizing it, provided for its conti nuance only
twelve months after the war should have ol osed;
more than eight months of that time has passed,
but the bureau is too important a party power
to be allowed such an early termination. On
its limited scale, it has shown great capabili-.
ties ; and, magnified as it has been by this act,
its efficiency for party service will be propor-
tionably increased. The same real motives
of having the freedman's labor in cotton and
sugar fields and his vole at elections will con-
tinue indefinitely, and the operations of the
bureau itself will furnish the simulated neces-
sity of protection of the freedmen against their
former masters for its continuance. Jn that
way the design of the party is to make it a
permanent institution. It has been clearly
shown that this act is prohibited by the Con-
stitution, inconsistent with both its letter and
spirit—that under the pretext of executing an-
other power, Congress has passed it for the
accomplishment of objects not intrusted to the
United States Government. Kach and all of
these objections to any act of Congress, Chief
Justice Marshall has declared, would make it
the painful duty of the Supreme Court to pro-
nounce it "not to be the law of the land."
This act is unconstitutional also because it
intervenes military power to prevent the officers
and agents of this bureau from being held, to
any responsibility in civil courts, State or Fed-
eral, however wrongful, illegal, and criminal
their acts may have been. If it bo unconsti-
tutional it is utterly void, and furnishes to those
who may attempt to execute it no ground of
defense if they should be sued or criminally
prosecuted for what they may do under it.
The great constitutional principle, that an act
of Congress in conflict with the Constitution
; must yield to it, and is of no validity whatever,
was first enunciated by the Supreme Court,
Chief Justice Marshall being the organ, in the
ease of Marbury vs. Madison, 1 Cranch, 187,
since which it has never been questioned. It
is strange that it ever was controverted in the
face of the provision:
"This Constitution, and the laws of the United
states wliien slul! bo made in pursuance tiicreoi,
&c., "shall be the supreme law oi the laud.
This act, therefore, as a whole and m all its
i parts, is a flagitious infraction of the Cousbtu-
I tion; and 3"ct, under covert of it, the etnploj es,
' agents, and officer;-, of this bureau may commit
! the most outrageous wrongs, the most shocking
i crimes, and the President is required by it,
I "through the War Department and the Com-
i missioner,'' to extend to them "military juris-
! diction and protection.''
! Congress has no power to pass laws to organ-
i izeavast system of poor-houses, to endow them,
.! and to establish and support in them the pau-
!' pers of the United States, blacker white; or
II to subject the whole people of the U nited States,
! black and white, or either racc, and their civil
! rights, property, contracts, offenses, and pun-
I1 isiiraents, their suits and legal responsibilities,
!' to the civil, much less to the military authori-
l! tics of the United States; all those matters are
" by the Constitution reserved to the States re-
spectivelv; and in virtue of their original and un-
!i granted sovereignty they have exclusive juris-
| diction over them; and yet this act proposes to
usurp absolute power as to this whole mass of
: reserved State rights, and to govern them by
! a military despotism to be organized in this
| bureau. .,
I If the second section of the amendment eoukt
| be tortured to give some semblance of
i ity to pass such an act, it could be claimed with
i any show of reason to extend only to the slaves
freed by the first section, and not to those al-
| ready free. This section was intended lor and.
! only operated upon slavery and the enslaved,
