1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lions of money by the establishment of a system
through which employment was found for these
people, and tliey became self-supporting who
otherwise would have been entirely dependent
on the bounty of the Government for support.
Since this Freedmen's Bureau was organized
an amendment has been adopted to the Con-
stitution of the United States declaring that
slavery shall no longer exist within the juris-
diction of the United States. By virtue of that
enactment millions of slaves have become free.
They have become free in the midst of a hostile
population. They have become free without
any of this world's goods, not owning even the
hats upon their heads or the coats upon their
backs, without supplies of any kind, not know-
ing often where to obtain the next meal to save
them from starvation. Something must be done
to protect tlicm in their new rights, to find em-
ployment for the able-bodied, and take care of
the suffering; and the Freedmen's Bureau, as
originally established and now proposed to be
amended, was designed to do that something—
not by furnishing food and clothing for all for-
' merly in slavery. Most of them, with the aid
of the bureau, have been able to provide for
themselves. The number of indigent freed-
men receiving supplies has been comparatively
few, and in many instances less than the num-
ber of white refugees receiving assistance in
the same locality, as I shall presently show.
The President in his veto message—and I
design to treat it candidly and without any feel-
ing, for I have no other object in view than to
adopt such measures as shall best tend to pro-
mote the peace and happiness of the wnole
country—says:
111 misrht call to mind, in advance of these objec-
tions, that there is no immediate necessity for the
proposed measure. The act to establish a Bureau for
the Relief of Ercedmen and Refugees, which was ap-
proved m the month of March last, has not yet ex-
pired. It was thought stringent and extensive enough
for the purpose in view in time of war."
Now, sir, when will that act expire, and what
was it? It provided in its first section—
" That there is hereby established in the War De-
partment, to continue during tho present war of re-
bellion and for one year thereafter, a Bureau of Refu-
gees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands."
By the terms of the act it was to continue
"during the present war of rebellion and for
one year thereafter." Now, when did the war
of rebellion cease? So far as the conflict of
arms is concerned we all admit that the war of
rebellion ceased when the last rebel army laid
down its arms, and that was some time in the
month of May when the rebel army in Texas
surrendered to thcUnion forces. 1 do not hold
that the consequences of the war are over. _ 1
do not understand that peace is restored with
all its consequences. We have not yet escaped
from tho evils inflicted by the war. Peace and
hannonv are not yet restored, but the war of
rebellion is over, and 'this bureau must expire
in .May next, according to the terms of the act
that was passed on the 'Jd of March, 1865, and
according to tho views of the President as ex-
pressed in his veto message.
The Prcsident.says:
" The bill proposes to establish, by authority of Con-
gress, military jurisdiction over i- 1i parts of the Uni-
ted States containing refugees and freedmen.
Sir, I desire to speak respectfully of the
Executive, but I would like to know where in
that hill is any provision extending military
jurisdiction over ail parts ot the United States
Containing refugees and freedmen ? The bill
contains no such clause. It is a misapprehen-
sion of the bill. The clause oi the bill upon
that subjcct is this:
" A ndt he Prcudenfrof the "United States, through the
AVai Department and the Commissioner, s-hnll extena
military inri.-dietion and protection overall employ e%
agents, ami officers of this bureau m the exercise ot
the duties imposed or authorized oy this act oitlic act
to which this i& additional.5'
Is not the difference manifest to cverybody
between a bill that extends militarv jurisdiction
over the oiiieers and employes ot^ the bureau
and a bill which should extend military juris-
diction uvei all parts of the United States con-
taining refugees and freedmen? 1 his bill makes
the Freedmen's Bureau a part ol the Har De-
partment. It makes ita officers and agents
amenable to the Rules and Articles of War.
But does that extend jurisdiction over the whole
country where they are ? How do they differ
from any other portion of the Army of the Uni-
ted States? The Army of the United States,
as every one knows, is governed by the Rules
and Articles of War, whereverit may be, whether
in Indiana or in Florida, and all persons in the
Army and a part of the military establishment
are subject to these Rules and Articles of War;
but did anybody ever suppose that the whole
country where they were was under military
jurisdiction ? If a company of soldiers are sta-
tioned at one of the forts in New York harbor,
the officers and soldiers of that company arc
subject to military jurisdiction; but was it ever
supposed that the people of the State of New
York were thereby placed under military juris-
di.ction ? It is an entire misapprehension of
the provisions of the bill. It extends military
jurisdiction nowhere, it merely places under
jurisdiction the persons belonging to the Freed-
men1 s Bureau who, nearly all of them, are now
under military jurisdiction. The Commissioner
at the head of that bureau is an officer of the
Army of the United States and under military
jurisdiction. 1 believe every assistant commis-
sioner is an officer of the United States Army
and under military jurisdiction. But the bill
does authorize the President, if he thinksproper,
instead of detailing military officers, to appoint
civilians in some cases; and in case he does
appoint civilians, then by the provisions I have
read these civilians subject themselves to mili-
tary jurisdiction and are -entitled to military
protection in the performance of the duties
imposed by this act.
But passing over that objection, which I think
I have sufficiently answered, the next which I
will notice is the statement of the President
that "the country is to be divided into dis-
tricts and sub-districts, and the" number of sal-
aried agents to be employed may be equal to
the number of counties or parishes in all the
States where freedmen and refugees are to be
fouud.''
Now, si?, what is the provision of the bill
on this subject ? For a great deal seems to be
made out of this objection urged here in the
Senate, published to the country, and now re-
iterated in the veto message of the President,
that the bill makes it necessary to appoint a
large number of salaried officers and agents
throughout the country, and it is said to be very
objectionable upon that ground. I have already
stated that a single officer need not be employed
other than those we now have. I have already
stated that it is in the power and discretion
of the President to detail from the Army officers
to perform all the duties ol the 1 reedmen s
Bureau, and in case they are detailed the bill
provides that they shall serve without any ad-
ditional compensation or allowance. But. sir,
is it necessary, or was it ever contemplated,
that there should be an officer or agent of the
Freedmen's Bureau in every county and eveiy
parish where refugees and freedmen are to be
found ? By no means. What is the bill upon
that subject ? The second section provides that—
"The Commissioner, with the approval of the Pres-
ident. and when tho same shall be necessary for the
operations of tho bureau, may divide each district
into number of su'o-ciistriet s, notto exceed^the nuiu
ber of counties or parishes in such district.
Does this make it imperative upon the Pres-
ident to appoint an agent in each county and
parish? It authorize? him "when the same
shall be necessary for the operations of the bu-
reau;1' not otherwise. He has no authority
under the bill to appoint a single agent unless
it is ncccs«ary for the operations of the buic&uj
I and then he can only appoint so many as mav
! be needed. Sir, it never entered the raind, 1
: venture to say, of a single advocate of this bill
,! that the President of the United States would
i; s0 abuse the authority intrusted to him as to
'• sion an agent in every county in these Slates;
but it was ai.prehended that there might belo-
'i ciiilies in some of these States where the prcju-
|; dice and hostility of the while population and
!i the former masters were such toward the ne-
groes that it would be iwcessary to have an
agent in every county in that locality for their
protection; arid in order to give the President
the necessary discretion, where this should be
requisite, the bill authorized, when it was ne-
cessary for the operations of the bureau, the
appointment of an agent in each county ot
parish; and the word "parish" was used to
designate those districts of country in the State
of Louisiana which are not known as counties,
but as parishes, there being in that 'State no
county organizations.
I should have been very glad, and I think I
may say the committee who reported this bill
originally to the Senate would have been glad,
if we could have limited the officials in tho law
to a far less number of agents than it is possi-
ble to employ under it. But in order to vest
the President with sufficient power in some lo-
calities, it was necessary, legislating by generab
law, to give him much larger power than would
be necessary in otlrer localities. And yet now
this bill is arraigned, and it is said that "the
country is to be divided into districts and sub-
districts, and the number of salaried agents to
be employed may be equal to the number of
counties or parishes in all the United States
where freedmen and refugees are to be found."
Sir, the country is not to be divided, I under-
take to say, into districts and sub- districts unless
the President of the United States finds it ne-
cessary to do so for the protection of these peo-
ple ; and if the law should be abused in that
respect, it would be because he abused the
discretion vested in him by Congress, and not
because the law required it. It makes no such
requirement. The original law required that
there be appointed one Commissioner and ten
assistant commissioners, and the amendatory
act which the President has vetoed authorized
the appointment of twelve assistant commis-
sioners, two more than the present law. But
as to this division into sub-districts and the ap-
pointment of this innumerable number ol agents
that hare so alarmed the minds of Senators,
not one of them is to bo appointed, by the express
terms of the bill, unless it is necessary to carry
out its operations; and who believes that, any .
such number would be necessary as one in each
county? If one in each county were appointed
under the bill, I undertake to say that it would
be a most manifest abuseof the discretion which
the bill vests in the officers who are to carry it
into execution.
The President further says, in his veto mes-
seise:
"The subjects over -which this military jurisdiction
is toextendin every part of thcUmiedStatesinciude
protection to 'all employes, agents, and ofheers of
t\il< bureau in the exercise of the duties imposed
upon them by tho bill. In eleven St.itos it is lurthcr
to extend over aU eases affecting freedmen and rctu-
gees discriminated against by ' local law, custom, or
prejudice.' In those eleven Slates the bill subjects
anv white person who may beeharged with depriving
a fieedman of 'any civiliishtsor immunities belong-
in" to white persons' to imprisonment or fine, or both,
without, however,defining the 'civil rights and im-
munities, which are thus to ho secured to the freed-
men bv military law. This military jurisdiction also
extends to all Questions that may arise respecting
contracts."
After reading that most extraordinary state-
ment, what will be said when I show from the
bill itself that so far from extending this mili-
tary jurisdiction over all questions arising con-
cerning contracts, and so far fiom extending
military jurisdiction anywhere, it is expressly
provided by the very terms of the bill that no
such jurisdiction shall be exorcised except
where the President himself has established
and is maintaining military jurisdiction, which
he is now doing in eleven States, and the very
moment that he ceases to maintain military
jurisdiction, that very moment the military juris-
diction conferred over freedmen by. this act
ceases and terminates. I will read from the
eighth section of the bill, which is explicit upon
this point:
"The jurisdiction conferred bv this and the pre-
eedinssection on the officers and agents ot this bureau
•di'iil ccaac and determine whcne\ er the discrimina-
tion on account of which it is °onf£n^
no event to be exerci,cd m any State m which the
ordinary coursc of judicial proceedingshas not been
interrupted by the rebellion, nor m any such State
