1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the present Freedmen's Bureau to hold bureau
courts all through the South? This has all been
done by your permission, and is being done
to-day. Then, sir, if you are in the exercise
of this power now, if you have been exercising
it from the day you became President of the
"United States, how is itthat you Rannotrecon-
cile a system of jurisdiction of this kind with
the words of the Constitution?
Sir, does it detract from the President's au-
thority to have the sanction of law ? I want to
give that sanction. I do not object to the exer-
cise of this military authority of the President
in the rebellious States. I believe it is consti-
tutional and legitimate and necessary; but I
believe Congress has authority to regulate it.
I believe Congress has authority to direct that
this military jurisdiction shall be exercised by
that branch of the Army known as the Freed-
men's Bureau, as well as by any other branch
of the Army.
But the President tells us further that "the
rebellion is, in fact, at an end. The measure,
therefore, seems to be as inconsistent with the
actual condition of the country as it is at vari-
ance with the Constitution of the United States."
Sir, in reply to that I need only ask a ques-
tion which I believe I have once already asked.
If the rebellion is at an end, will anybody tell
me by what authority the President of the Uni-
ted States suspends the writ of habeas corpus
in those States where it existed. The act of
Congress of March, 1803, authorized the Presi-
dent of the United States to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus during the present rebellion.
He says it is at an end. By what authority,
then, does he suspend the writ? The Consti-
tution of the United States declares that the
writ of habeas corpus, that great writ of right
for the protection of the citizen, shall only be
suspended when in cases of rebellion or inva-
sion the public safety requires it. The Presi-
dent tells you officially that the rebellion is
ended. We know there is no invasion. By
what authority, then, does he declare the writ
of habeas corpus suspended ? Sir, the rebellion
is ended, so far as the conflict of arms is con-
cerned; but the consequences of the rebellion
are not ended; peace is not restored; the safety
of the citizens where the rebellion existed is
not yet established, and till it is, till the courts
can 'be reestablished, till they can administer
justice peaceably, till the citizens can be pro-
tected from lawless bands, from prejudiced
slaveholders, from incensed rebels, the military
authority may properly be continued, and the
President is authorized, in my opinion, to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus. But, sir, by his
own declaration let him stand or fall. If it is
competent to suspend the writ, if it is compe-
tent'for military tribunals to sit all through the
South and entertain military jurisdiction, this
bill, which does not continue military jurisdic-
tion, does not establish military jurisdiction, but
only authorizes the officers of this bureau, while
military jurisdiction prevails, to take charge
of that particular class of cases affecting the
refugee or freedman where he is discriminated
against, cannot bo obnoxious to any constitu-
tional objection.
The President further says that—
"This bill proposes to make the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, established bv the act of 1865, as one of many
great and extraordinary military measures to sup-
prc^ a iormidahlc rebellion, a permanent branch ot
the public administration, with Us powers greatb*
enlarged/"'
That is a mUtake. It is not intended, I ap-
prehend, by anybody, certainly not by me* to
make it a permanent branch of the public ad-
minis! ration : and \ am quite sure that the pow-
ers ni* the bureau are not by the amendatory
bill frreaily enlarged. A careful examination
of the amendment will show that it is in some
respects a restriction on the powers already
exorcised. i he President says :
"Tho thud -option of the bill authorize* « "cnerftl
and uuh'uh I'd araiU of Mippoi t to the doshtut o and
loiayoorf and Irccdmen, their v ivc.> and
chilihcn.''
Now. lot us see if it does that. In the hrsi
place let us see what the original law was. The
second section of the original act is in these
words:
" That the Secretary of "War may direct such issues
of provisions, clothing, and fuel as he may deem need-
ful for the immediate and temporary shelter and sup-
ply of destitute and suffering refugees and freedmen,
and their wives and children, under such rules and
regulations as ho may direct."
That is the present law enacted March 3,
1865. Now, what is the third section of the bill
which the President says contains such an un-
limited grant- of support to the destitute and suf-
fering refugees, th^ir wives and children? I
will read that third section:
"That the Secretary of War may direct such issues
of provisions, elothing, fuel, including medical,stores
and transportation, and afford such aid, medical or
otherwise, ac? hernay deem needful for the immediate
and temporary shelter and supply of destitute and
suffering refugees and freedmen, their wives and chil-
dren, under such rules and regulations as he may
direct: Providedt That no person shall be deemed
'destitute/ 'suffering,' or 'dependent upon the Gov-
ernment ior support,' within the meaning of this act,
who, being able to find employment, could by proper
industry and exertion avoid such destitution, suffer-
ing, or dependence."
This proviso is not in the original law. That
authorizes the issuing of these supplies, all
except the medical supplies and the transpor-
tation. just the same as the bill which the Pres-
ident has vetoed. Does he object to this bill
on the ground that it authorizes medical aid to
be furnished the sick? Or does he object to it
because of the proviso which limits its opera-
tion, and declares that nobody shall be deemed
destitute and suffering under the provisions of
the act who is able by proper industry and
exertion to avoid such destitution? "Why, sir,
it is a limitation on the existing law. Does
that look much like taking care of four million
people—a provision that expressly limits the
opeiutiou of this act to those only who cannot
find employment? A statement of the fact is
all that is necessary to meet this statement in
the veto message.
After commenting upon the third section of
the bill, which I have just read, the President
says:
"Succeeding sections raalse provision for the rent
or purchase of landed estates for freedmen, and for
the erection for their benefit of suitable buildings
for asylums and schools, the expenses to be deliaycd
from the Treasury of the whole people. The Congress
of the United States has never heretofore thought it-
self empowered to establish asylums beyond thelimits
of the District of Columbia, except for the benefit of
our disabled soldiers andsailors. It has never founded
schools for anv class of our own people: not even for
the orphans of those who have fallen in defense of
the Union, but has left the care of education to the
much more competent and efficient control of the
States, of communities, ot private associations, and
of individuals. It has never deemed itself author-
ized to expend the public* money for the rent or pur-
chase ofhomes for thethousands,not to saymillions,
of the white race who are honestly toiling irorn day
to clay for their subsistence. A system for the sup-
port of indigent persons in the United States was
never contemplated by the authors ot the Constitu-
tion; nor can anj'good reason be advanced why, as
a permanent establishment, it should be founded for
one class or color of our people more than another.
Pending the war many refugees and freedmen re-
ceived support from the Government, but it was never
intended tnat they should thenceforth be fed, clothed,
educated, and sheltered by the United States."
I have read that whole paragraph in order to
do no injustice to the views of the President.
The objection which the President makes is
that it has never heretofore been thought that
Congress was empowered to pass provisions of
this character. The answer to that is this: we
never before were in such a state as now: never
before in the history of this Government, did
eleven States of the Union combine together
to overthrow and destroy the Union ; -never
before in the history of this Government have
we had a four years"' civil war; never before in
the history of this Government have nearly tour
| million people been emancipated from the most
!j abject and degrading slavery everimposed upon
I human beings; never before has the occasion
lj aiisen when it was necessary to provide for such
! j larse numbers of people thrown upon the bounty
i| of the Government, unproteetedand unprovided
! f0v. But, fir, wherever the necessity did exist
|| the Government has acted. V, e have voted
II humiredsol'thousands and millions of dollars,
ii and are doinsr it from year to year, to take care
il of and provide for the destitute and suffering
Indians. We appropriated, years ago, hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars to take care of
and feed the savage African who was landed
upon our coast by slavers. We provided by
law that whenever savages from Africa should
be brought to our shores, or whenever they
should be captured on board of slavers, the
President of the United States should make
provision for their maintenance and support
for five years on the coast of Africa. He wais
authorized by law to appoint agents to go to
Africa to provide means to feed them, and we
paid the money to do it. And yet, sir,, can w«
not provide for those among us who have been
held in bondage all their lives, who have never
been permitted'to earn one dollar for them-
selves, who, by the great constitutional amend-
ment declaring freedom throughout the land,
have been discharged from bondage to their
masters' who had hitherto provided for their
necessities in consideration of their services?
Can we not provide for these destitute persona
of our own land on the same principle that we
provide for the Indians, that we provide for the
savage African? Sir, they cannot provide for
themselves. What are they to do? In one
part of his message the President says they are
permitted to go where they please. 1 will show
by and by that by local legislation this privilege
is not permitted them.
But what sort of protection would that be to
the negro if it were so? Here are hundreds
and thousands of these poor, ignorant, degraded
human beings who never went off the planta-
tion where they were born in their lives. They
do not know how to travel. They do not know
where to go ; they have no means to pay for
subsistence by the way; they do not know
whither the railroads lead ; the railroads would
not carry them if they did, and were able to
pay. As a friend suggests, they cannot read
the finger-boards by the wayside; and where
are they to go, and what is to be done with
them? They are to go to the same place, and
the same is to be done with them that would
have been done with the hundreds of natives
from Africa who a few years ago were landed
destitute on our coast; they are to be taken
and reduced into slavery again, or they are to
perish and die for want of subsistence, or some-
body must temporarily look after and provide
for them.
But we have never rented lands, the Presi-
dent says, for the white race ; we have never
purchased lands for them. What do we pro-
pose to do by this bill? Does this bill provide
for purchasing any land? Let us see:
"Sec.6. And be it further enacted. That the Commis-
sioner shall, under the direction of the President,
procure in the namcot the United States, by grant
or purchase such Innds within the districts aforesaid
as may bo required for refugees and ireedmen de-
pendent on the Government for support; and ho
sha!) provide or cnuse to be erected suitable buiid-
incs for asylums and schools, But no such purchase
shall be made, nor contract for the same entered into,
nor other expenses incurred, until after appropria-
tion? shall have been provided by Congress for such
purposes."
This authorizes, if the President thinks proper
to direct it, the purchase or renting of lands on
which to place these indigent people; but before
any land can be purchased or rented, before any
contract can be made on the subject, there must
be an appropriation made by Congress. This
bill contains no appropriation. It the Presi-
dent is opposed to the rent or purchase of land,
and Congress passes a bill appropriating money
for that purpose, let him veto it it lie thinks it
unconstitutional'; but there is nothinguneonsti-
t tutional in this bill. 1 his bill does not purchase
! any land; but it prevents even a contract on the
; 1 subject until another law shall be passed appro-
priating the money for the purpose.
But, sir, what is the objestiou to it if it did
appropriate money? 1 have already undertaken
il to show, and 1 think I have shown, that it was
[! the duty of the United States, as an independ-
j' ent nation, as one of the Powers of the earth,
i| whenever there came into its possession an un-
II protected class of people, who must suffer and
'l perish but for its care, to provide for and take
>! care of them. When an army is marching
ii through an enemy's country, and poor and des-
