940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2G-,
titute persons are found within i^s lines" who
njust die by starvation if they are not fed from
the supplies of' the army, will anybody show
■me tfee constitutional provision or the act of
Congress that authorizes the general eonimand-
iiig to feed the starving multitude from his
army supplies'/ And has'it not been done by
every one of your commanders all through the
South? Whenever a starving human being,
man, woman, or child, no matter whether white
or black, rebel or loyal, came within the lines
of the Army, to perish and die unless fed from
our supplies, there has never been an officer in
our service, and thank God there has not been,
.who did not relieve the sufferer. If you want
to know where the constitutional power to do
this is, and where the law is, I answer, it is in
that common humanity that belongs to every
man fit to bear the namfe, and it is in that power
that belongs to us as a Christian nation, carry-
ing on war upon civilized principles.
If wo had the right, then, to feed these peo-
ple as we did, have wo not the right to take
care of them in the cheapest way we can? If,
when General Sherman was passing through
Georgia he found the lands abandoned; if then-
able-bodied owners had entered the rebel army
to fight against us; if the women and children
had lied and left the land a waste, and he had,
as is. the fact, thousands of persons hanging
upon his army dependent upon him for sup-
plies, I ask you, Mr: President, if it was be-
lieved that it would be cheaper to supportthese
people upon these lands than to buy provisions
and feed them, might he not do so? May we
not resort to whatever means are most judicious
to protect from starvation that multitude which
common humanity requires ns to feed?
Nor, sir, is it true that no provision has been
made by Congress for the education of white
people. We have given all through the new
States one section of land in every township
for the benefit of common schools. We have
donated hundredsof thousands of acrcs of land
to all the States for the establishment of col-
eges and seminaries of learning. How did we
get this land? It- was purchased by our money,
and then we gave it away for purposes of edu-
cation. The same right exists now to provide
for these people, and it is not simply for the
black people, but for the white refugees as well
as the black, that this bill provides.
Again, the President says:
" The appropriations asked by the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, a.* now r-tabHshed, fur the year 18f:0, amount to
$11,7^5,WD. It may be safely esli'-nated that the cost
to be incurred under the pending bill will rcquiro
double that amount."
How much was expended last year for the
benefit of refugees and freedmen—not through
the Freedmen's Bnteau, but through the Army ?
Have yon any means of knowing? The Pres-
ident did not tell us. but I presume that a far
larger sum in proportion to the number that
weie thrown upon our hands was expended
before the creation of the Freedmen's Bureau
in feeding and taking care of refugees and
freedmen than since its establishment. Since
that time the authority of the Government has i
been extended over all the rebellious States, j
and we have had a larger number of refugees ■
aiI-! freedmen to provide for, but in proportion i
to the number I have no doubt that the expense 1
is less now than it was before the establish- :
inent. of the bn i-e.ni. j
Again, the President says: j
"In this connection the query presents it self wheeler j
the sjstcm proposed by the bill will not, when put
into complete operation, practically transfer the en-
tire care, support, and control of four million cmar- ,
eipated slaves (o aorents. p\ crsccrs, or task-inasteis. :
who, appointed at Washington, are to be located in
every county and parish throughout the United States
containing freedmen ami refugees."
1 scarcely know how -Jo reply to that most !
extravagant statement. I have ahead}- shown
that it would be a great abuse of the power i
conferred by this bill to station an agent in ]
every eouniy. I have already stated that but
a small proportion of the freedmen are aid^d
by the Freedmen's Bureau. In this official j
document the President lias sent to Congress
the exaggerated statement that it is a question ,
whether this bureau would not bring under its
control the four million emancipated slaves.
The census of 18f>0 shows that there never were
four million slaves in all the United States, if
yon counted every man, woman, and child,
and we know that the number has not increased
during the war. But, sir. what will be thought
when I show, as I shall directly show by offi-
cial figures, that so far from providing for four
million emancipated slaves, the Freedmen's
Bureau never yet provided for a hundred thou-
sand, and as restricted by the proviso to the
third section of the present bill, it could never
be extended under it to a larger number. Is
it not most extraordinary that a bill should be
returned with the veto from the President on the
ground that it provides for four million people,
when, restricted as it is in its operations, and
having been in operation now since March
last, it has never had under its contiol a hun-
dred thousand ? I have here an official state-
ment from the Freedmen's Bureau, which I
beg leave to read in this connection :
" The greatest number of persons to whom rations
were issued, including the commissary department
and bureau issues to persons without the Army, is
one hundred and forty-eight thousand-one hundred
and twenty."
Who are they? I said there were not a
hundred thousand freedmen provided for by
the bureau.
""Whites, 57,360, colored, 90,607, Indians, 133. The
greatest number by the bureau was 49,932 in Septem-
ber. The total number for L>ecember was 17,025."
That sounds a little different from four mil-
lions. Seventeen thousand andtwenty-fivewere
all that were provided for by the Freedmen's
Bureau in the month of December last, the num-
ber getting less and less every month. Why?
Because by the kind and judicious management
of that bureau places of employment were found
for these refugees and freedmen. When the
freedmen were discharged from their masters'
plantations they were assisted to find places of
work elsewhere.
"The above figures are based on full rations. The
number of persons aided by rations or parts of ra-
tions, for Decemher, are, colored 30,016. whites 4,992/'
"I have given you these figures hastily, from the
records—will carefully review."
This communication is from Major General
Howard, the Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau, hi the same connection I wish to read
the testimony (which has been kindly furnished
me) that was given before the reconstruction
committee by Major General Fiske, who is
commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau for
the State of Tennessee—and I wish these gen-
tlemen who are declaiming so loudly against
feeding the negro to notice the statistics. The
President says, in his veto message, that Con-
gress has never thought of making these pro-
visions for the white people. Let us see what
provisions have been made for the white peo-
ple. General Fiske was asked:
" Question. How large is the pecuniary support that
you are obliged to extend to the freedmen in Ten-
neM-ee ?
" Anwer. I am not, to-day issuing a single ration to
freedmen in Tennessee except to about one hundred
orphan children and thirty oid people at Memphis,
and about sixry orphan children and twenty-fiVe old
people at^a^iviIJe; that is all.
" Question, Do you issue rations to white people in
Tennes'-ee?
"Anwvr. During the la^t year the rations issued to
white people in Tennessee have been much in excess
of those issued to freedmen, When I took charge of
my di-?tiic-t the Government wad feeding twenty-five
thou-r.nd people: m round numbers about seventeen
thousand five hundred white per^on^and seven thou-
sand live hundred blacks. The month preceding the
establishment oi the Freedmen's Bureau. fur rations
alone lor that class of people the sum of $97,000 was
" My first efforts were to reduce the number of those
beneficiaries of'the Government, to withhold the ra-
tions and make the people self-supporting as far as
posMble. And mthe course of four months I reduced
the monthly expenses from ^97,000 to$5,0Ui).'}
That is what the Freedmen's Bureau has
done in the Slate of Tennessee by the sworn
testimony of General Fiske. whose word no-
body would question, delivered within a few-
days before the reconstruction committee of
the two Houses: and this is denounced as an
expensive establishment! I undertake to say
that Ihe Freedmen's Bureau has already saved
this nation millions of money, and if continued,
it will save it millions more. But ii is not sim-
ply in money that the country is to be benefited.
There are in schools seventy thousand colored
children, chiefly pl&ood there through the agency
of the Freedmen's Bureau. An agency which
redfices yfrar expenses, educates colored chil-
dren, and provides homes for the destitute, is
now denounced as expensive and its establish-
ment unconstitutional. General Fiske further
gays:
'.'Anil in .the course of four months I reduced tlie
feonthiy expenses from$97,000 to $5,000; saving within
that time on subsistence ten times as much money as
the whole Freedmen's Bureau cost in the entire dis-
trict, including all salaries paid to officers and agents
for the Government.
" Question. Is the military support of the Govern-
ment required now in Tennessee in aid of your
bureau?
"Answer. It is.
"Question. Do you believe that the affairs of the
bureau eoulcl be safely administered there without
the military support of the Government?
"An<up?r. I do not."
That is all I desire to read from the testimony
of General Fiske in refutation of the assump-
tion in this message that the bill is intended to
provide for the education and support of four
million black people, when the evidence shows
that far more whites than blacks are provided
foi' in Tennessee; that the bureau has been a
means of economy to the Government, and that
the expense of feeding refugees and freedmen
has been reduced from §97,000 to !£5,000 in one
district in four months.
" In addition to the objections already stated"—
says the President—
"tlie fifth section of this bill proposes to take away
land IVoin its former owners without any legal pro-
ceedings being lirst had."
I regret that a statpment,lilce that should in-
advertently (for it must hare been inadvertent)
have found a place in this veto message. I ho
fifth section of the bill does not propose to take
away lands from anybody. I will read it, and
we shall see what it is:
"That the occupants of land under Major (Jencral
Sherman's special lield order, dated at .Savannah,
Januaiy 1G, 1865, are hereby confirmed in their pos-
sesion."
Is not that a different thing from taking away
land from anybody? Do you take a thing away
from another person when you have it in your
possession already? Here are certain occu-
pants upon lands in pursuance of an order of
one of the major generals of your Army, and
it is proposed by an act of Congress to protect
them there temporarily in that possession. Is
that taking away land from somebody ? I will
read what the President says in reference to that
section, and then I will read the whole section:
"In addition to the objections already stated, the
fifth section of the bill proposes to take away land
from its former owners without any legal proceedings
being first had, contrary to that provision of the Con-
stitution which declares that no person shall ' be de-
prived of life, liberty, or property without due pro-
ce«« of law.' It does not appear that a part of tho
lands to which this section refers may not be owned
by minors, or persons of unbound mind, of by those
who have been faithful to all their obligations as citi-
zens ofthc United States. If any portion of theiand
is held by such persons, it is not competent for any
authority to deprive them of it. If, on theothci hand,
it befoundthat the propcrtyis liable to confiscation,
oven then it cannot be appropriated to public pur-
poses until, by due process of law, it shall have been
declared forfeited to the Government.-"
That is what the President says. Now, I will
read the section itself:
"Sr.c. 5. And he it further mctcicd, That the occu-
pant5 of land under Major General Sherman 'special
field order, dated at Savannah, Januaiy 16,18(53. are
hereby confirmed in their possession for the peuod of
three years from the date of p:iid order, and no per-
son shall be disturbed in or ousted from said posses-
sion during said three years, unless a settlement shall
be made with said occupant, by the humer owner,
his heirs, or assigns, satisfactory to the Commissioner
of the Freedmen's Bureau: Proridt <7, That whenever
tho former owners of lands occupied under General
Sherman'?-field oulo shall mahe application for res-
toration of said land^, the Commissioner is heieby
authorized, upon the agreement and with the written
consent vf said occupants, to procure other lauds for
them by rent or purchase, not exceeda.^ foity aeres
for each occupant, upon the terms and conditions
named in section four of this act, or to set apart for
them, out of the public lands a^i^ncd fui that pur-
pose m ^ecrion four of this act. forty acres each, upon
the same terms and conditions.''
Now, it will be seen that this fifth section, so
far from taking hind from anybody, provides
simply for protecting the occupants of tho land
