1866.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
for three years from the 16th of January, 1865,
a little less than two years from this time, ii"
the section does anything, it simply prevents
the restoration of this property to its former
owners withinthat period, except upon terms
to be entered into, satisfactory to the Commis-
sioner, between the occupant and the former
owner. This is all there is of it. It is a very
different thing from taking away land from its
former owners. The President says that it is
unconstitutional to take land from a person ex-
cept by due process of law, and that this sec-
tion violates that provision of the Constitution
which declares that no person shall be deprived
of life, liberty, or property without due process
of law. Now, what are the facts about these
lands? General Sherman was marching with
a Union army through the State of Georgia,
from Atlanta to the sea-coast. When he ar-
rived at Savannah there was following his army
a large number of persons whom he had been
feeding by the way, who were dependent upon
liiru tor subsistence, and he found a large tract
of country entirely abandoned and waste. He
issued an order authorizing and directing these
followers o i his army, the negroes, to settle
upon these abandoned lands and guaranty-
ing to them military protection. The posses-
sion which they took was to be temporary. It
is so stated in the order. Under this order
some forty or fifty thousand persons settled upon
these abandoned lands with the sanction of the
President more than a year ago ; and notwith-
standing the quotation contained in the veto
message of the clause of the Constitution de-
claring that no person shall be deprived of life,
liberty, or property except by due process of
law, I insist that a major general, under the
eireamstances, had a perfect right to take pos-
session of these lands and place these persons
upon them. It was a right of war. I go further,
and L caie not whether a house in Savannah
was occupied or vacant, nor whether it belonged-
to a loyal or disloyal man, it was entirely com-
petent for the commander of your army who
entered Savannah, whence the rebel army fled
on his approach, to take possession of any prop-
erty belonging to loyal or disloyal men that in
his judgment tho exigencies of his condition re-
quired. These persons, therefore, were right-
fully placed upon this land. If General Sher-
man had called a court and impaneled a jury
to ascertain whether he could take possession
of these abandoned lands and put the followers
of hi; camp upon them, he would have been
laughed at by the civilized world. And yet
we are told that this is taking property con-
trary to the Constitution of the United States!
It has been practiced all through the war, and
it is a necessity of war.
Now, sir. 1 insist that these persons went
rightfully upon these abandoned lands; and
being there they are entitled to protection for
a reasonable time. The military authority is
not yet withdrawn from Georgia. They are
rightfully there now. The faith of this nation,
through "its com manding general in that depart-
ment and the approbation of the late President
of the United States, is committed to these
people who went upon these lands, setup their
little homes, put in a crop, and supported them-
selves and relieved the Treasury. The i'aiih of
the nation is pledged to them in writing to pro-
tect them in this po.^sessiou so long at. the mil-
itary jiuisJietion continues; and that is not yet
ended: and upon every principle of equity and
justice they aie entitled to be protected even
beyond th.it time on the familiar principle that
where a person enters upon an estate rightfully,
as these people did, and is to hold it tor an un-
certain period, depending, if you please, upon
the life of another, he cannot be turned off the
moment that other dies ; but he is entitled to
hole! the po.-session until he shall have had a
reasonable lime to gather his crops and remove
the improvements which he may have put upon
the place. Whether the time iixed by this bill
is a reasonable time or not may depend upon
cireiini' 'anoes. The termer owners of the lands
nun make arrangements with the occupant? to
leave at any time, and the Commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau is authorized to provide for
them a home elsewhere. This provision of the
bill is pronounced as unconstitutional, and as
taking away land without due process of law.
The land was taken by military authority, in the
midst of war, and of course without process in
any court, and rightly so.
But, says the President—
" Undoubtedly the freedmen should bo protected,
ii l C1 authorities, especially by the exercise of
all the constitutional powers of thecqurtsof the lim-
ited States and of the States. Healsopossessesaper-
fect right to change his place of abode, and if, there-
fore, he does not find in one community or State a
mode of life suited to his desires, or proper remunera-
tion for his labor, ho can move to another where that
labor is more esteemed and better rewarded."
' Now, let us see how he will remove. I have
in my hand a communication from Houston,
Texas, dated December 15,1865, from Colonel
De Gress, addressed to Major Gen&ral Howard,
of the Freedmen's Bureau, which I will read:
" Houston, Texas, December 15,1865.
_ " Sin: I have the honor to respectfully report that
m some portions of this State the negroes are not vet
free, that the pass system is still in force, and when
a ireedcian is found at largo without a puss, he is
taken up and whipped."
That is the liberty he has to go from one
place to another; that is the civil protection
that he has.
"That afreedmanis not allowed to hire out without
written permission from his former master; at least
planters have held meetings and have agreed not to
hire freed people without such permission. These
facts are known to me from personal observation, and
written statements of reliable men."
Here is a letter from Lieutenant Stuart
Eldridge to Major General Howard, dated
Vieksbijrg, Mississippi, November 28, 1865:
4 "I have the honor to inclose herewith for your con-
sideration the freedmen's bill, which has just become
a law in this State, and would respectfully ask your
attention to the following points tnereon :
"Section first prohibits the holding, leasing or rent-
ing of real estate by freedmen."
The President says these people are to be
protected by the courts and by the civil author-
ity. This is the protection they get in Missis-
sippi. They are prevented from holding, leas-
ing, or renting real estate. .
" Section third compels allfreedmen to marry whom-
soever they may now be living with, and to support
the issue of what was in many cases compulsory co-
habitation.
"{Section fourth excludes freedmen from testifying
in eases all white.
" Section five authorizes mayors and hoards of police
by thcir^sole edict to prevent any freedmen from do-
ing anyindependent business and to compel them to
labor as employes, with no appeal from such decision.
" Section seven gives the power to any white citizen
over the person of a frecdman unknown to any other
law, and denies the right oi appeal beyond the county
court.''
A telegram from Colonel Samuel Thomas,
assistant commissioner, dated Jackson, Missis-
sippi, and addressed to Major General 0. 0.
Howard, is as follows:
"The freedmen bill has bceome law. It docs not
allow freedmen toownorleaseestate. Thousands of
acres have been rented from owners of land by fieed-
mer, who expected that they would beallowedtocul-
tivate hind m this way. They are notified that they
mui-tgiveup their leases by citizens. What course
must i pursue?"
To which the Commissioner replied as fol-
lows :
""While tho bureau remains in Mississippi you will
continue to protect the freqimen in ttte nsht to lease
hind. The act of the Legislature referred to in your
telegram of tUe 27th is notyul recognised here.*'
Here is another letter from Colonel Thomas,
dated Yieksburg, Mississippi, December 13, and
addressed to General Howard;
" The organisation of the militia has had about the
effect upon the country that I predicted last Septem-
ber. Kearlv all the dissatisfaction that now exists
among the freedmen is caused by the abusive con-
duct of this militia. It has assisted to paralyze labor
and add to theeombination of difficulties under which
the State has labored. I do not. know of one instance
in which it has assisted in the restoration of law and
order, or that they have exercised any power unless
in something which would bring on a conflict with
the national troops or hang some frecdman or search
negro house* for arms. Only a short time ago Gov-
ernor Humphreys admitted to me that two companies
of the mili tia had sworn that in their counties no negro
who dtd not work lor his old master and no l ankee
could live, that th^v would 'drive out the thieving
Yankees and -boor tho nhsorV Th^ is an extreme
ca-;.', iii win: It ihe 'JuVtrnor revoked the comnn^jons
of i'ie oin 'v,rsanddioba-itded tin-ei.unp.tuii>. I behove
his Kxt'vilienc> is in favor o  conseiv.it U e tru-asm es,
aud that, many of tbo militia would blusa at tho
recital of thp outrages committed by some of thp
members." '
I have here a number of communications of
a similar character, showing that by the laws ifi
some of the southern States a pass system still
exists, and that the.negro really has no protec-
tion affoi'ded him either by the eivil authorities
or judicial tribunals of the State. I have letters
showing the same thing in the State of Mary-
land from persons whose character is vouched
for as reliable. Under this state of things, the
President tells us that the freedman should be
protected " by the exercise of all the constitu-
tional powers of the courts of the United States
and of the States !" In Kentucky, Major Gen-
eral Palmer, in response to a request that he
should recommend the restoration of the habeas
corpus, declined to do so—
" For the reason thatreturned rebels, of whom there
are twenty thousand in that State, are openly re-
garded and treated as patriots, whereas loyal citizens
and soldiers are objects of prejudice, dislike, aud
often of persecution; beeause courts in many in-
stances are permitted to become the instruments of
the vengeance of those who are hostile to loyal men;
beeause laws are enforced tending to embarrass the
citizens formerly slave but now freemen, and that
the Government is bound to protect them until they
shall have the same privileges as othereifcens before
the law; because outrages have been committed upon
negroes which have been allowed to go unpunished;
in fact, no single instance has existed in which pun-
ishment has reaohed the agfressors, beeause negroes
have been murdered and their murderers have es-
caped beeause of the legal incompetency of negroes
to testify against them; and finally, because there
are illegal combinations of men in the State got up
to drive colored men out of it to prevent theiu find-
ing employment, and such persons are allowed to act
with impunity/'
Then, sir, is there no necessity for soma
supervising care of these people ? Are they to
be coldly told that they have a perfect right to
change their place of abode, when if they are
caught in a strange neighborhood without a
pass they are liable to be whipped; when com-
binations exist against them that they shall not
be permitted to hire unless to their former mas-
ter? Are these people, knowing nothing of
geography, knowing not where to go, having
never in their lives been ten miles from the
place where they were born, these old women,
and young children, these feeble persons who
are turned off because they can no longer work,
to be told to go and seek employment else-
where, and is the Government of the United
States which has made them free to stand by and
do nothing to save and protect them? Are they
to be loft to the mercy of such legislation as
that of Mississippi, to such laws as exist in
Texas, to such practices as are tolerated in
Maryland and ill Kentucky? Sir, I think some
protection is necessary for them, and that was
the object of this bureau. It was notintended,
and such is not its effect, to interfere with the
ordinary administration of justice in any State,
not even during the rebellion. The moment
that any State does justice and abolishes all
discrimination between whites and blacks ill
civil rights, the judicial functions of the Freed-
men's Bureau ccase.
But, sir, the President most strangely of all
dwells upon the unconstitutionality of this act,
without ever having alluded to that provision
of the Constitution which its advocates claim
gives the authoiit.y to pass il. Is it not most-
extraordinary that the President of the United
States returns a bill which has passed Con-
gress, with his objections to it, alleging it to be
unconstitutional, and makes no allusion what-
ever in his whole message to that provision of
the Constitution which, in the opinion of its
supporters, clearly gives the authority to pass
it. And what is that ? The second clause ot' the
constitutional amendment, which declares that
Congress shall have authority by appropriate
legislation to enforce the article which declares
that there shall be neither slavery nor involun-
tary servitude throughout the United States.
If legislation be necessary to protect the former
slaves against State laws which allow them to
be whipped if found away from home without
a pass, has not Congress, under the second
clause of the amendment, authority to provide
it'.' What kind of freedom is tSiat which the
Constitution of the United States guaranties to
