ime.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfe.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. And on that motion I
call the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. I demand
tellers on ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Lawrence,
of Ohio, and Mr. Eldridge, were appointed.
The House divided j and the tellers reported
—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask to be excused from
voting on this important question of ordering
a call of the House.
The ^SPEAKEtt. The Chair declines to
entertain that request during the pendency of
the motion to adjourn, upon the same ground
on which he has already decided not to enter-
tain a similar request.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. I appeal from that decis-
ion of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain the appeal. He has already stated
the reason. In declining to entertain an appeal
under these circumstances, on account of the
•pendency of the motion to adjourn, the Speaker
of course renders himself liable to the future
censure of the House if his conduct should be
disapproved; but the precedents are all in
favor of the Chair's action.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 23, nays 129, not voting
31; as follows: ^
YEAS — Messrs. Ancona, Bergen. Boyer, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Harding:,
Hogan, James M. Humphrey, McCullough, Niblaclt,
Nicholson, Noell, Radford, Ritter, Rogers, Shank-
lin, Sitgreaves, Taylor, Trimble, Voorhecs, and
"Wrigrht—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter,
Beaman, Benjamin. Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Bout-
•well, Brandegee, Bromwcll, Brooinall, Buckland,
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coffroth, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Darling, Dawes,
Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Deining, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Eggleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold,
Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson,
Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester 1). Hub-
bard,John II. Hubbard, James-R. Hubbell, Hulburd,
James Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kellcy,
Kelso, Kerr, Ketcham, Laflin, Latham, George Y.
Lawrence, William Lawrence. Loan, Longyear,
Lynch. Marston, McClurg, McCndoe, McKcc, Mc-
Ruer, Mereur, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Pcr-
ham, Phelps. Pike, Plants, Price, WilliamII.Randall,
Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins,
Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stevens,Taber, Thayer,
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge, Upson, Yan
Acrnam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Wanier, EUhu B. Washburne, William B.Washburn,
Walker, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—li£>.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Barker, Blow,
Brooks. Bundy. Culver, Davis. Denison, Dixon, Du-
Jnont, Harris, Hill, Asahel \V. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Johnson;, Jones, Kasson,
ICuykendall, Le Blond, Marshall, Marvin, Miller,
Pomeroy, Samuel J.Randall, Ross, StiIwcll,Strouse,
Francis Thomas, and Winlield—31.
So a call of the House was not ordered.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, said:
I desire to state that my colleague, Mr. Alley,
has paired with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. Johxsox.
Mr. JOHNSON". I am reminded by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Wasiiburx]
that his colleague, Mr. Alley, has left the
House with the understanding that lie had paired
with me. My recollection of the conversation
between that gentleman and myself is that I
declined to pair with him upon questions re-
quiring a two-thirds vote and upon contested-
election cases, but 1 agreed that as to all matters
generally in which the "nigger" was considered
to be the great point, I would pair with him.
Although our agreement was not clinched by
any formal contracts, Mr. Alley", I am in-
formed, has gone home with the understand-
ing I have stated; and therefore I decline to
vote on this question, considering this one of
the biggest "nigger'' questions that could be
brought up.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The question then recurred on the motion
that, when the House adjourns, it adjourn to
meet on Friday next.
'it!r CV.srJ 1st Sess o f>0_
Mr. ELDRTDGE. I move toreeonsiderthe
vote by which the House refused to order aeall
of the House; and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mi-. FINCK. I move to lay that motion on
the table.
The SPEAKER. Unless thegentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldmdge] can point to some
instance in parliamentary histoiy in which a
motion has been entertained to reconsider a
vote on ordering a call of the House, the Chair
must rule his motion out of order. A call of
the House can always be renewed after other
business has been transacted or other motions
have intervened, except when a motion to ad-
journ is pending. But the Chair is notinformed
of any case in^ which a motion to reconsider a
vote upon ordering a call of the House has ever
been entertained. If the gentleman from Wis-
eonsiircan point to any parliamentary precedent
in support of his motion, the Chair will be glad
to be informed of it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot refer the Speaker
to any precedent; but I can conceive no reason
why my motion cannot, be entertained, as I voted
with the majority of the House.
The SPEAKER. The same reason that
would apply in reference to a motion to adjourn
applies in this ease. The gentleman certainly
would not move to reconsider a vote by which
the House had refused to adjourn, because the
motion to adjourn could be renewed. The
Chair therefore declines to entertain the gen-
tleman's motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House refused to order a call of the House.
The pending question is on the motion that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Fri-
day next.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next; and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there not already one
privileged motion pending?
The SPEAKER. One is an amendment to
the other.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Garfield
and Chanler were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-nine, more than one fifth of those
present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 13, nays 132, not voting
38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bergen, Eldridge, Goodyear, Ho-
gan, McCullough, Nibiaek, Nicholson, ltadi'ord, Sam-
uel.!. Randall, Hitter, Rogers, Sitgreaves, andTrim-
blo—1">.
KAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, Delos
R.Ashley, James M. Ashoy, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham,
Blaine, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee, Brooks, Broom-
all, Buckland, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clfirk-e Oobh. Coffroth. Conklinir. Cook. Cullom. Dar-
Halo, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding,liart, Hayes,
Henderson, Uigby, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chestei D.Hubbard, Dew.isHubbard. John
II. Hubbard, James R. llubbell, Hulburd, James
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenekes. ICelley, lvolso, Kerr,
Keicham, Kuykendall, Latlin, Latham, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Marston,McClurg, Melndoc, McKee.MeRuer,
Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Rollins,
Ross, Schenck, Scofield, Shanklin, Shellabarger,
Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Taylor, Inay-
er, Francis Thomas, John L. Ihomas, Thornton,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam. Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn.Eliliu B. Washburne, Wuhnm
B. Washburn, Welker, W'entwortli, Wlialev, Wil-
liams, James F.Wilson, Stephen F. Wrilson, \V mdom,
Woodbridge, and Wright—132.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Barker, Blow,
Bromwell, Bundy, Culver, Davis, Dawes, Denison,
Dixon, Dumont, Grider, Griswold, Harris, Hill, Hoo-
per, Edwin N. Hubbell, James SI. Ilumphiey. John-
son, Jones, Julian, Kasson, LeBloiuI, jJavmijuI, Mar-
vin. Miller, Noell. Phelps, Rousseau, Sawyer, Stilwell,
Stroupe, Taber, Voorhecs, Ward, TV arner, and W in-
field—38.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to
adjourn until Friday next.
Mr. CIIANLER. I move that when the
House' adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next at two o'clock p. m.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done bjjr
unanimous consent.
Mr. FINCK. I move that the House do
now adjourn. , ■
Mr. ELDRIDCffi. I demand tire yeas and
nays.
Mr. GARFIELD. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Allisoit '
and Kerr were appointed. '
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-eight, more than one fifth of
those present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourti
over has priority of the motion to adjourn 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that there be &
call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the motion ; and for the information of the
House will have read the decision of Speaker
Linn Boyd, in 1854, which was affirmed by a
large majority.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The Speaker decided the motion out of order.
" Mr. Isbael Washbukn, jr., moved a call of the
House.
" The SPKAKKiideeided the motion to b.e out of order,
on the ground that the Mouso have,since the demand
tor the previous question which is still pending, re-
fused a call, and thereby indicated a fixed purpose to
voto on the main question without a call.
" From the decision of the ChairMr. Israel 'Wash-
burn, jr., appealed; pending which, Mr. Wheeler
moved the appeal bo laid upon the table; and, the
question being put on the latter motion, it was de-
eded in the affirmative—yeas 118, nays 73."
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. I respectfully appeal from
that decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. For the reason already
assigned, that such dilatory motions would pre-
vent a majority of the House from adjourning
when it desired to, the Chair, cannot entertain
the motion.
Mr. ROSS. Is it in order to move to go into
Committee of the Whole on the loan bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not during the pend-
ency of the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will it be in order to
request the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
withdraw his motion for the previous question
for debate? If he will allow debate we will
withdraw all opposition on this side and go on
with the business.
Mr. STEVENS. It is simply the return of
the rebels of 1861. I sat thirty-eight hours under
this kind of a fight once, and I have no objec-
tion to a little of it now. I amrcjidy to sit for
forty hours.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to 
[Cries of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was then taken on the motion
to adjourn to meet on Friday next; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 24, nays 121, not
voting 88;"as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
Eldridge, Finek, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider,
Hogan, James M. Humphrey,"Kerr, McCullough,
Nibiaek, Nicholson, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Rogers. Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Thornton, Trimble,
Voorliees, and Wright—2-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks. Baxter,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwell,
Brandegee, Bromwell,Bvoomnll,Chanler,Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Cook. Darlinpr,
Dawson, Delrees, Delano, Doming, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley. Eegleston, Eliot, Earquhar, Ferry, Garfield,
(Trinnell, Griswold, Hale, Aaion Harding, Abner C.
Harding, llart, lbs yes, Henderson, Iligby, Hoi men.
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard,Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James
II. Hubbell, Hulburd, James Humphrey, InerorsoH,
Jenekes, Julian,Kclley,Kelso, Ketcham, Laflin, La-
tham, George V. Lawrence. William Lawrence, Loan,
Longv ear. Lynch.Marston, Marvin, McClurg. Meln-
doc, jVEcICee, McRuer, Mereur, Moorhead, Morrill,
Morris, Myers,Kewell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patter-
son, Perham, Plants. Pomeroy. Price, William II.
Itandall,Raymond, Alexander II. Rico, John II. Rice,
Ritter, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger,
William'B. Washburn. Welker, Wentworth. Wha-
ley, Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen I . Wilson,
Windom, and Wooubridge—121.
