THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
I
th.ua, La Blond,Longyear, Miller, Patterson, F
Pike, William II. Randall, Raymond, Seheuelc.
field, ShankKn, Shellabarger, Sloan, Stilwell, Strouse,
Thayer, tTmon, Robert T. Van Horn, Voorlieea, "ft ai-
mer, Windorn, Winfield, and Woodbridge—63.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to a personal explana-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky asks unanimous consent to make a per-
sonal explanation.
Mi". BROOMALL. I object.
_ Mr. SMITH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania' why he objects to
fay making a personal explanation.
Mr. BROOMALL. I want a vote on the
resolution.
Mr. SMITH., Let it come in as a sort of
episode, as a relief. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask to be excused from
voting on the pending proposition.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for the yeas and
nays on excusing the gentleman.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that the House take a recess for twenty
minutes for refreshment. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. I object.
The SPEAKER. . It would require unan-
imous consent.
Several Members objected.
Mr. BROOMALL. I call for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Broomall.
and Randall of Pennsylvania, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-six, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. A question of privilege is
one affecting the rights of a member to his seat.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, I notice in the
Pittsburg Gazette 
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask thatthe gentleman
shall state his question of privilege, that we
may see whether it is one or not.
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman will keep
his mouth shut for a few minutes I will state it.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. COBB. I object.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to suspend the rules
to enable the gentleman from Kentucky to be
heard.
The SPEAKER.. A motion to suspend the
rules is not in order, this not being Monday.
The question was taken on excusing Mr. .Sib-
lack: ; a nd it was decided in the negative—yeas
16. nays 110, not voting, 57 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, Baldwin, Boyer, Finck,
Glo.^brer.m-r, Grider, Hulburd, Kellcy, Kelso, Latlin,
Rollins, Shimkliii, Sitgreaves, Van Aernam, Elihu B.
"Washburne. and. Wi.lli.ua B. VVa*UV,u.ru—U>, .
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker. Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen, Bid-
ttcII, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwoll, Bromwell, Brooks,
Broomall, BuekKnd, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Cotlroth. Cook. Darling, Dawson, Detrees\ Doming.
Dixon,OriiTirs. Ecklcy, I-liiot, Kirti.-.v/or:b, Faiq'ihar,
Ferrv, Garlield, IIale, Aaron II-irdin£, Abner C. Hard-
in *, Hart, Ila.ves, Henderson, Iligbv. Hogan. llogper,
Holcbkiss, Clicster 1). Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
,1a ;:,Co il. Habbclb Inger- oil. J oiickes, Kerr.Ki reham,
Kuykenduli, Latham. George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan. Longyear, Lynch, Marshall, Mars-
ton, MeClurg, McTudoe. McRuer, Mercur, Moorhead,
Mo'-rill, Morris. Mouiton, Myers, Newell. Nicholson,
O'Neill,Or!h, Paine, Perham, Plants, Pomeroy, Pi ice,
Saaauel J. Randall, William H. HaurlaU. R.aymond,
Alexandf-i II.Ilice, John II. Bice, Rttrer. Ros=, Saw-
yer, Seheock.Scooeld. Shel5abi rger. Smith, Sr,.;Minir,
Starr, Stevens, Taber, Francis Thomas, Join; L.
Thomas. Thornton, Trimble, Trowbudge, Cpson,
Burt Van Horn, Vnorhees. Ward, Welkei, Went-
worih, Wb.il^y, William^, James F. Wilson, Stephen
F, Wilson, Wiiidom. and Wiight—110.
NOT YOTIXG—Messrs. AUey, Ames.Delos R.Ash-
ley, Barker, B-ixtor. Blow, Braadegof, R.mdy, Reader
W. Clarke, Ooiikliiig, Cullom, Culver, Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Denison, Donnelly, Dumor.t, Egzle^ton, El-
dridge, Goodyear. GrinnUI, Giiswold, Hiirrir', Hill,
Holmes, Amabel \Y. llubbard, Demas Hubbard, lid-
win N. Hubbell, James Humphrey, Jaines M. Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Jones, Julian. Kasson, Le Blond,
Marvin. McCullouKb, MeKee, Miller, Niblaek, Noell,
Patterson .Phelps, Pi!.:,;. Radford, Rogers, Rousseau,
Sioan, SiilwcII, Stioii^c, j'avlor, Xba1 er, Ilobeit X.
Van lb,rn,Tv amer.Wmft.-Ui, and Woodbrid-37.
So the House refused to excuse Mr. Xiih.ack
from voting.
During ill!* roll-call,
Mi". AX COIN A said; After this vote I have
agreed to pair off with Mr. Rollins for the [
remainder of to-day:s session. 1 also ask to be |
excused from further attendance on the House j
to-day. The state of my health renders it im- t
possible for me to remain here.
No objection wasmade. and leave of absence
for the remainder of the day was granted to
Mr. Axcoxa.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred on
Mr. Eli)rid6e:s motion that there be a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled,
under the decision which he had read before
this afternoon, to decide that motion out of
order, as the House lias once refused a call of
the House subsequent to . the demand for the
previous question, and unless the want of a quo-
rum shall be disclosed, another motion for a
call of the House is not in order.
Mr. ELDK1DGE. Does that apply when
there has been business since the last motion
for a cail of the House was made?
The SPEAKER. In the case which the Chair
had read, Speaker Boyd decided that the mo-
tion was not in order, on the ground that the
House had already decided, since the previous
question was demanded, to take the vote on the
main question without a call of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My inquiry is, if there
cannot be another motion for a call of the House
after business has intervened?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suppose
not unless the absence of a quorum should be
disclosed. When the demand for the previous
question is pending, after a motion for a call
of the House has once been voted down, it
cannot be again received unless the fact that
there is no quorum present should be disclosed,
because the House has indicated its intention
to vote on the main questiou without a call of
the House. The question now recurs on the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House excused the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Johxsox] from voting upon the
motion to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask to be excused from
voting on that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Johxsox] was excused from vot-
ing and the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] moves to reconsider the vote by
which he was excused. In accordance with
the uniform usage, the Chair declines to receive
a motion to excuse a member from voting on
a question respecting the voting of another
member. It is piling up questions one oh the
top of another.
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman docs not
want to vote he can go in the cloak-room.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a point of order. Mr.
Rogers is a leader of this side of the House,
and wc cannot excuse him. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. FINCK. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that, when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Friday,
and on that motion I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. I
would inquire whether a motion to adjourn over
until Friday is in order, the same motion hav-
ing been already put and defeated by a vote of
the House?
The SPEAKE K. The Chair would state that
such a motion has always been regarded as in
order. During the contest in the Thirty-Third
Congress on the Nebraska bill, which contin-
ued for a very long time, the .Speaker uniformly
ruled that the minority had a right to make
such motions. On the day previous to that
on which the bill finally passed he made the ,,
same decision, and for the only time in the kis- li
toryof Congress it was reversed by a strict party
vote. But the Chair rules the motion as being
in order on the ground that it has been the uni-
form usage with that single exception. It was-
after a prolonged session of several days on the
Nebraska bill that the Chair was finally over-
ruled.
' Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sghen'CK.
and Ciianleu were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 32, noes 99.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think an accommoda-
tion can be had of this difficulty if gentlemen
opposite will give this side of the House two
hours on this question to-morrow. [Cries of'
" Say one hour!" and " Order 1"] Well, say
one hour.
Mr. ROGERS. We will compromise on
one hour. [Loud shouts ofNo"No!"
and " Order!'']
Mr. VOORHEES.' I call for the reading of
the resolution. Let us know what we are about.
The concurrent resolution was again read.
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. [Loud shouts of " Order!"] We pro-
pose to settle this difficulty. [Renewed shouts
of "Order!"]
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the opposite side
of the House allow me to make a proposition?
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Vookhees] will
be heard for a moment.
Mr. W A RT). I trust our friends will allow it.
Mr. PRICE, Mr. BROOMALL, and others,
objected.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will they allow nobody
to make a proposition to them ?
[Cries of "'No !" "No!"]
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 11, nays 180, not voting
42; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Boyer, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Grider* Kerr, Marshall, Newell, Niblaek, Rogers,
Shanklin, and Wright—11.,
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley,Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Bergen, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Boutwe!I,Brandegee, L'rotnwcli, Brooks,
Broomall. Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coffroui,
Conkling,Cook,Cullom,Darling, Dawes, Dawson,De-
frees, Deming, Donnelly, Dnggs, Eckley, Eggle.-ton,
Farnsworth, Furquhar, Ferry, Finck, Garfield, Grin-
n ll, Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Hardins, Hact, Hayes,
Henderson, Higby, Ilogan, Holmes, Hooper, Hoteh-
kiss, Asahel W. ilubbard, Utiej-ter D. Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, l|ul-
Inird, James Humphrey, Inger^ol], Jeneke^, Julian,
Ivelley, Kelao, Ketcham, Lafiin, Latham, George
Y. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Lonfryear,
Lynch, Marston, MeClurg, McTndoe,MeKee,McRuer,
Mercur, Moorhead,Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
Nicholson, 0 Xeill, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike,
Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Samuel J. Randall, William
H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Riee, John
H, Rice, Ritter, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer,
Schenek, Scofield, Shellabarger, Bitgreaves, Sioail,
Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, 'Xabcr,Thayer, Fran-
cis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Ijpsou, Van Aernam, liuit Van Horn,
Vooi hecs. Ward. Warner. Kiihu B. Washburne, VV i 1 -
ham B. Washburn. Wclker, Wenfworth, Whaley,
Williams, Jame> F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbriage—lJO.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Alley. Ames Anemia,
Delos R. Ashley, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bid-
well, Blow, Buekland, Bundy, Reader \i". Clarke,
Cu'vei, Davi^, Delano, Denison, Dixon, Dnniont,
Eldridge, Eliot. Aaron Hnrdina, Ilariis Ilitl, Ed-
win N. Hubbell, James M. Humpiiiey, Johnson,
Jones, Kas^n, Knykendali, Le Blond, M-vi\in, Me-
Cullougli, Miller, Noell, Oith, Phelps Itadford, Stil-
well, Strousc, Taylor, Robert T. Van Horn, and Win-
field—42.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Pending the roll-call,
Mr. VOORHEES said: I wish to state that
the President has been sustained in the Senate,
and 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The question recurred upon the motion of-
Mr. Fxxck that the House adjourn.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the House allow
me to make a proposition ?
Mr. SPxVLI'HNG. I object.
Mr. 1NGEKSOLL. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spai.dixo] wii'l withdraw his
objection.
Mr. BLAINE. Let us hear the proportion.
Mr, SPALDiNG. I wiil hear it, but reserve
my right to object,
