950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. ROGERS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. SPALDING- demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Beamah
and Thornton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-seven, more than one fifth of
those present.
' So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WEIGHT. I desire to inquire whether
it would be in order to move that the House
take a recess for one hour, in order that the
Doorkeeper may have the Hall fitted up as a
dormitory. [Laughter.] From present indi-
cations it would seem that accommodations of
that sort will be necessary.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not be
in order.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, but was
interrupted by
• Mr.-ELDRIDGE, who said: I wish to make
a statement by unanimous consent. I withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays.
There being no objection, the further call of
the roll was dispensed with.
Mr. FIN Civ. I withdraw the motion to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. STEVENS. In what condition does
this leave the question ?
The SPEAKER. Theprevious questionhas
been demanded by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and that is thepend-
ing question.
Mr. STEVENS. Before the vote is taken I
have a right to claim my hour. I will now give
to the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. El-
dridge] five minutes of my time, and then I
will proceed, perhaps.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I thought when I made,
or proposed to make, a proposition a few min-
utes ago to the House, that the minority would
withdraw all dilatory motions in opposition to
the resolution reported from the committee of
fifteen, that I would show to the majority that
we were willing to yield to the superior power
of numbers sufficiently even to answer the arro-
gant demands of the other side. The oppo-
sition which we commenced to this resolution
in the morning, Mr. Speaker, was in conse-
quence of the extraordinary provisions of the
resolution and the manner in which it was pre-
sented to this House. It was in consequence,
too, I may say, of the remark which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] made,
that what had recently transpired, referring to
the veto of the Freedmen's Bureau bill by the
President, had induced the committee on recon-
struction at this time to make this report. We
felt upon this side of the House that such a
measure, introduced under such circumstances,
containing such provisions, ought to reccive
the most deliberate' and caruficl" eoiisiileration
of the country and of this House. It was for
that reason, and that the resolution might be
debated, and that alone, that we made the oppo-
sition which we have during the day to imme-
diate action upon it.
But, sir, we know our weakness and the
strength and power of the numbers of the ma-
jority. We have not had the assistance which
we expected from the other side of the House
in our effort to obtain the privilege of debating
the resolution. WTe know perfectly well that
it has become a question of physical endurance.
Wre know perfectly well that we cannot stand
out against the overpowering majority of this
House any great length of time. We know if
the majority will it, the resolution will pass
without debate. We have done all we could.
Wo therefore yield to that power and throw the
responsibility of this most extraordinary, this
most revolutionary measure, upon the majority
of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentlemen accept their
condition just as Jeff. Davis did his—because
they cannot help it. [Laughter.] I confess,
sir. for so small a number they have made a most
venomous fight. I am only sorry that the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr: Rooiv.s,] who
belongs to the sumo tribe, could not have had
an opportunity also to shake his rattle and point
his sting.
I insist on the call for the previous question.
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman yield to
me five minutes?
Mr. STEVENS. Excuse me.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FINCK. I move to lay the resolution
on the table ; and on that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll on the
question to lay the resolution on the table, but
was interrupted by
Mr. FINCK, who said : I withdraw the mo-
tion to lay on the table if the House will agree
to adjourn.
Several Members. No, no; no agreement.
Mr. FINCK. Then I insist upon the motion.
The Clerk again proceeded with the calling
of the roll, but was again interrupted by
Mr. FIN CK, who said: I withdraw my mo-
tion.
No objection being made, the motion was
accordingly withdrawn, anil the further calling
of the roll was dispensed with.
The question then recurred on agreeing to
the resolution.
• Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On that I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FINCK. I withdrew the motion to lay
the resolution on the table with the under-
standing that there should be an adjournment.
Several Members. No, no; go on.
The question was then taken on agreeing to
the concurrent resolution reported from the
joint committee of fifteen, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 10, not vot-
ing 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Beamsu. Benja-
min, Bidwcll, Bingham, Blaine. Boutwell, biandegee,
Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Sidney Clarke. Cobb,
Conkiing, Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Deliees, Demmg,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Eggles^on, Eliot. Farns-
worth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold,
Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes. Henderson. Migby,
Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, JamesR. Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll.Jenckes,
Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, Lafim, George V.
Lawrence, WilliamLa wrenee, Loan, Longyear,Lynch,
Marston, McClurg, Melndoe, McKee, McRuer, Mer-
cur, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris. Mouiton, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth,Paine,Patterson. Pcrbam. Pike, Plants,
Pomeroy, Priee, William H. Randall, John H, Rice,
Sawyer, Sclienck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Thayer, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Up^on, Van Acrnara, Burt Van Horn,
Ward. "Warner, Ehhu B. Washburne, "William B.
Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Williams, Jarres F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—109.
KAYS—Messrs. Bergen, Boycr, Brooks, Chanler,
Coflroth, Dawson, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, Grider, Hale, Aaron Harding, Ilogan,
James M. Humphrey, Kerf, Latham, Marshall. Mc-
Culiough, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Kand:iSl, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers,
Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Smith, Taber,
Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Voorhees, Whaley, and
Wright—40.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Aneona.Delos
R. Ashley, Barker. Blow, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke,
Culver. Da: ling. Davis, Delano. Denison, Dixon, Du-
mont, Harris, Hill, Edwin N. Hubbell, James Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Jones, Ka^son, Kuykendall, Le
Blond, Marvin, Miller, Noel!, Alexander H. Rice,
Rollins, Scihvell, Strouse, Francis Thomas, Ilobert X.
Van Horn, aud Win tic Id—3t.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DONNELLY stated that Mr. Ames had
paired with Mr. Le Bloxd.
Mr. LAWRENCE stated that Mr. Rollixs
had paired with Mr. Axcoxa.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, stated that
Mr. Alley had paired with Mr. Joiixsox.
Mr. STEVENS stated that Mr. Miller had
paired with Mr. Harris.
Mr. BOYER announced that his colleague,
Mr. Dlxisox, was still detained from the
House by continued illness.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House adopted the resolu-
tion. Can I say a word without interruption?
I desire to say this. In submitting the motion
that I did I had intended, after the previous
question was ordered, in pursuance of an un-
derstanding with the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Eldridge] to move an adjournment
so that we might take the vote on the resolu-
tion in the morning. Several of our friends
who are absent this evening were very anxious
to vote upon it. I intended, therefore, to have
moved to adjourn, but a gentleman on the other
side who had moved to lay the resolution on
the table withdrew it in consequence of a re-
monstrance on our side. We were then half
way through with the roll-call. I tried to get
the ear of the Speaker and arrest further pro-
ceedings, and have the question go over till the
morning. But so many gentlemen on this side,
not understanding the arrangement that had
been made, objected, as they had a right to do,
that I gave tip the effort. I hope the motion
to reconsider will be entered that it may stand
over till to-morrow morning in order that the
votes of the absent gentlemen may be recorded,
and then the gentlemen on the other side, if
they choose to contest the matter, may try it
again.
The SPEAKER. When does the gentle-
man wish to have it come up in the morning?
Mr. STEVENS. Immediately after the read-
ing of the Journal.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to say one word
about this matter.
Mr. STEVENS. If it is in explanation of
what I have referred to, I yield.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to say simply
this: that the opposition of this side of the
House, by dilatory motions which have been
made during the day, was withdrawn upon an
understanding, intimated by thegentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,] and I am greatly
surprised that the course which was agreed upon
and understood between us was not pursued.
I did not understand that that arrangement in-
cluded the withdrawal permanently, but only
temporarily, of the motion to lay the resolution
on the table. When I found that it was so
understood on the other side of the House, I
instantly appealed to my friends here to with-
draw the motion, and not insist upon the re-
newal of the motion to lay the resolution on the
table. That motion was withdrawn by my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Fixck] upon my per-
sonal appeal, and upon my assurance that the
vote upon the resolution was by arrangement
not to be taken to-night. I am greatly surprised
that the vote has been taken to-night in viola-
tion, as I think, of the arrangement. I do not
think, although perhaps the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is doing now all
he can do in the matter, that he places this side
of the House in the attitude they expected to
stand, nor do I think that it is a earning out in
good faith of the arrangement which was under-
stood by me to have been made between us.
The vote upon the resolution was not to have
been taken till to-morrow, and the House was
to have adjourned when the previous question
was seconded, as I understood the arrange-
ment.
Mr. FINCK. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me one moment.
Mr. STEVENS. T will do so.
Mr. FINCK. I made the motion to lay the
resolution on the table, and withdrew it only
upon an appeal from my friends from Wiscon-
sin and New York [Mr. Eldridge and Mr.
Brooks] with the express understanding that
the question was to go over till to-morrow, and
that no vote was to be taken at this time. I
believe it was in violation of the understanding
between this side of the House and the other
on this matter, that the vote was taken to-
night.
Mr. SLOAN. There was no understanding
among gentlemen on this side of the House that
the vote was to be postponed till to-morrow.
Mr. VOORHEES. I object to any remarks
by anybody except the high contracting par-
ties. I am willing that they should have the
time.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at seven o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
