1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
98
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By jlMi*. ASIIL!3¥\ of Nevada: The memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Nevada as to national |
bank1? in that State.
By Mr. CHANLKR: The memorial of the Bishop
Gntta Pcrcha Company.
By Mr. COOK: The memorial of a mass convention
of farmers of Lasalle county, Illinois, in favor of a
ship-canal around the Falls of Niagara.'
By Mr. BARLING: The petition of Christina
Elder, for payment to her of pension due Jesse Elder,
dccoased.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of W. W. Spaulding,
and 40 other?, citizens of Lake Superior, Michigan, in
iavor of an increase of duty on foreign cupper.
By Mr. ECKLEY : A petition of the Association of
the Society of Friends of the city of Philadelphia, in
beiiait of thefreedmen.
By Mr. EGGLESTON : The petition of J. W. Win-
der, and 87 others.citizensofOhio, engaged in the busi-
ness of photographing, praying for a modification of
the revenue tax on pictures.
ByMr.FERllY : A memorial ofcitizens of Newaygo
and Oceana counties, praying for a post route to be
established from Newaygo, Newaygo county, via Fre-
mont. to Pent Water, Oceana county, Michigan.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Benzonia, Benzie
county, asking for a post route from Benzonia, via
Empire, to Glen Arbor, Leelanaw county.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of George W. Palmer
and others, citizens of Clinton county, New York, for
improvement of Piattsburg harbor.
By Mr. HAYES: Thepetition ofII. J. Appleton and
75 otheis, citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio, asking for pro-
tection to American labor.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The petition
of the assistant assessors of the fourth collection dis-
trict in Massachusetts, for increase of pay.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: Tho petition
of Cornelius 13. Gold, acting assihtant paymaster Uni-
ted States Navy, for allowance of loss of clothing.
By Mr. J.M.HUMPHREY: Thepetition ofsoldiers
of Erie county, New York, for equalizing bounties.
Also, the petition of the Association of Friends of
Philadelphia, for universal suffrage and education.
By Mr. JOHNSON: The remonstrance of John D.
Young, and many others, citizens of Union county,
Pennsylvania, against the passage of any law author-
izing the Felling of stamps and stamped envelopes at
the cost of the stamps alone.
By Mr. JULIAN : The petition of 107 citizens of
Henry county, Indiana, prayirig Congress not to re-
store any of the States lately in rebellion till ade-
quate security has been had against further rebellion,
against the paymentof rebel debts, and prayingsun-
drv amendments of the Constitution, &c. ,
By Mr. KASSON: The petition of G. McNichols,
and others, respecting the conditions of recognition
of the southern States.
Bv Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: The peti-
tion from citizens of Washington county, Pennsylva-
nia, asking that Congress may amend the Constitution
of the United States so that no State shall be permit-
ted to make distinction in civil rights ana privileges
amonff the naturalized citizens of the United States
residing within its limits or among persons born on
the soil, on account of race or color.
By Mr. LONGYEAR: The petition of II. Ingersojl,
and othens, manufacturers, of Lansing, Michigan, for
abatement of internal revenue tax.
By Mr. LYNCH: The remonstrance of Bailey <fc
Noyes, and others, against the passage of a law au-
thorizing the PostmasterGeneral to sell stamped en-
velopes at the value of the stamps impressed thereon.
Bv Mr. PAINE: Thepetition of Edward Ferguson,
of Wi^con^in, for increase of pension.
Bv Mr. PHELPS: The petition of United States
assistant assessors of the third congressional district
of M.irvland. for an increase of compensation.
By Mr.PRICE: The pctitionof 1S2citizensot Mus-
catine county, Iowa, asking that no Representative
from any of the States recently m rebellion be_ad-
mitted to Congress until sufficient security is given
f°Also, a1petition of citizens of Cedar county, Iowa,
for same purpose.
By Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky: Thepetition of
Richard M. Robinson, of Garrard county. Kentucky,
forindemnityfor useof anddamagedonetohis'Prop-
erty, known as "Camp Dick Robinson, by the Uni-
ted States military forces, from the 1st of December,
1SBy : The petition of Brigadier
General II. M. Plaisted, and 640'others, in favor of
land bounty to the soldiers of 1S61 and 1862, and to
tbBy M^SLOANf The petition of 0. S. Phelps, and
33 others, citizens of Wisconsin, praymg that a com-
mission may be appointed to proceed to
investigate the disease among cattle prevailing there.
withaviewtoadoptingmeasurestopreventthespread
of the disease in this country. . __
By Mr. J. L. TiI0M\S: The memorial of Hon.
John Lee Chapman, mayor, and the city council of
Baltimore, Maryland, praying
rents of the torts and Government buildings in that
Aiso, the memorial of E. A. Daytom
the taxes paid by fishermen on the Potomac river
mHso? the memorial of J. W. Bond & Co., and others,
envelope dealersinthec'ty,°^altl?orV"?.c15i t^e
ing against the passage, of the act authorizing
Postmaster General to give away envelopes. -
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The remonstrance of sun-
dry paper and envelope manufacturers, against the
proposed law to use stamped envelopes m the postal
service.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
The following notice for leave to introduce a bill
was given under the rule:
By Mr. KUYKENDALL: A bill to establish a
navy-yard and depot at Mound City, in the State of
Illinois.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, February 21, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Bev. E. H. Gkay.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of the
Bishop Gutta Percha Company, of the city of
New York, remonstrating against the passage
of the bill (S. No. 26) granting to the Interna-
tional Ocean Telegraph Company the right and
privilege to establish telegraphic communica-
tion between the city of New York and the West
India islands; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of an ap-
propriation to that State to reimburse its cit-
izens for money expended by them under the
call for volunteers of December 19, 1864, and
the draft resulting therefrom, and that persons
held to service under that draft may be allowed
the same bounty paid to volunteers under the
call in pursuance of which the draft was made;
which were referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of resi-
dents, freeholders, and tax-payers in the county
of Washington, District of Columbia, praying
that the law organizing the levy court of the
District of Columbia may be so amended as to
authorize the election of its members by the
legal voters of the county of Washington ; which
was referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Oli-
ver Holman, late additional paymaster United
States Army, praying to be relieved from re-
sponsibility for public money alleged to have
been stolen from him while acting in his official
capacity in Boston, -Massachusetts; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the memorial of
F. A. Lewis, making representations in sup-
port of a previous claim made by him for dam-
ages. The petitioner represents that the two
Senators from Massachusetts, the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Waiie,] and the devil, have entered
into a conspiracy by which he has suffered great
wrong, including the loss of fifteen negroes, a
lar^e proportion of which the rebels have taken,
but" for which he also holds those four persons
responsible. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator suggest what disposition shall be made
of this petition?
Mr. ANTHONY. As a report has been made
in the case, I move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to. _
Mr. SHERMAN. i present joint resolutions
of the General Assembly of the State of Ohio,
on the subject of cigars. They reeite_ that by
the act of the last Congress the excise upon
ci ars is levied at the uniform rate of ten dol-
lars per thousand ; that this rule compels Ohio
seed leaf, worth in the market ten cents per
pound, to pay a tax of four hundred and tiltv
per cent, ad valorem, while Connecticut tobacco,
the market price of which is twenty cents per
pound, pays only two hundred and twenty-five
percent.; and imported Havana tobacco, rated
at. $1 50 per pound, pays only thirty-three per
cent. They allege that this discrimination
against the product of Ohio and other western
States has cut off the demand for it, and. ll con-
tinued, is likely to put a stop to the growing ot
tobacco in those Slates, and that this rule levies
the heaviest per cent, of taxation on that kind
of tobacco mainly used by the class least able
to pav, and touches but slightly the high-priced
luxury of the richer class. They therefore
ask such a modification of the tax law as will
make it more equitable: I move the. reference
of these resolutions to the Committee on Fi-
nance, and that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
SUFFRAGE FOR WOMBS'.'
Mr. HENDERSON. I present the petition
of Mrs. Gerritt Smith and twenty-seven other
ladies of the United States, the most of them,
from the State of New York, praying that th©
right of suffrage be granted to women. Along,
with the petition I received a note, stating as.
follows:
" I notice in the debates of to-day that Mr. Yates
promises, at the 'proper time' to tell you why the
women of Illinois aro not permitted to vote. To
give you an opportunity to press him on this point
I send you a petition, signed by twenty-eight intel-
ligent women of this State, who are native-born
Americans—read, write, and pay taxes, and now
claim representation 1 I was surprised to-day to find
Mr. Sumnek presenting a petition, with ail apology,
from the women of the Republic. After his defini-
tion of a true republio, and his lofty pcans to ' equal
rights' and the ballot, one would hardly expect him
to ignore the claims of fifteen million educated tax-
payers, now taking their places by the sido of man
in art, science, literature, and government. I trust,
sir, you will present this petition in a manner more
creditable to yourself and respectful to those who
desire to speak through you.
" Remember, the right of petition is our only right
in the Government; and when three joint resolutions
are before the House to introduce the word 'male'
into the Federal Constitution, * it is the .pronertime'
for the women of the nation to .be heard, Mr. Sum-
ner to the contrary notwithstanding."
The right of petition is a sacred right, and
whatever may be thought of giving the ballot
to women, the right to ask it of the Govern-
ment cannot be denied them. I present this
petition without any apology. Indeed, I pre-
sent it with pleasure. It is respectful in its
terms, and is signed by ladies occupying so
high a place in the moral, social, and intellec-
tual world, that it challenges at our hands at,
least a respectful consideration. The distin-
guished Senators from Massachusetts and from
Illinois must make their own defense against
the assumed inconsistency of their position.
They are abundantly able to give reasons for
their faith in all things ; whether they e_an give
reasons satisfactory to the ladies in this case,
I do not know. The Senators may possibly
argue that if women vote at all, the right should
not be exercised before the age of twenty-one;
that they are generally married at or before
that age. and that, when married, they become,
or ought to become, merged in their husbands;
that the act of one must be regarded as the act
of the other; that the good of society demands
this unity for purposes of social order; that-
political differences should not bo permitted to
disturb the peace of a relation so sacred. The
honorable Senators will be able to find author-
ity for this position, not only in the common
law, approved as it is by the wisdom and expe-'
rienee of ages, but in the declaration of the
first man, on the occasion of the first marriage,
when he said, "This is now bone of my bone
and flesh of my flesh."
It may be answered, however, that the wife,
thongh "one with her husband, at least consti-
tutes his better half, and if the married man be
entitled to but one vote, the unmarried man
should be satisfied with less than half a vote.
[Laughter.] Having some doubts, myself,
whether beyond a certain age. to which I have
not yet arrived, such a man should be entitled
to a vote or even half a vote, 1 leave the dif-
ficulty to be settled by my friend from Massa-
chusetts and the fair petitioners. The peti-
tioners claim, that as we are proposing to
enfranchise four million emancipated slaves,
equal and impartial justice alike demands the
suffrage for fifteen million women. At first
view the proposition can scarcely be met with
denial, yet reasons '"thick as blackberries"
and strong as truth itself may be urged in favor
of the ballot in the one case, which cannot Be
urged ill the other.
Mr. SAULSBURY. T rise to a point of order
My point of order is, that a man who has lived
an old bachelor as long as the Senator from
Missourrhas has no right to talk about women S
[Laughter.]
