THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks that is not a point ot' order; and the
Senator from Missouri will procecd.
Mr. HENDERSON. I had no ideathatthat
was a point of order, sir. Whatever may be
said theoretically about the elective franchise
as a. natural right, in practice, at least, it .lias
always been denied in the most liberal States
to more than half the population. It is with-
held from those whose crimes prove them de-
void of respect forsocial order, and generally
from those whose ignorance or imbecility unfits
tftem for an intelligent appreciation of the duties
of citizens and the blessings of good govern-
ment. To women the suffrage has been denied
in almost all Governments, not for the reasons
just stated, but because it is wholly unneces-
sary as a means of their protection. In the gov-
ernment of nature the weaker animals and in-
sects, dependent on themselves for safety and
life, are provided with means of defense. The
bee has its sting and the despised serpent its
deadly poison. So, in the Governments of men,
the weak must be provided with power to in-
spire fear at least into the strong, if not to com-
mand their respect.
Political power was claimed originally by the
people as a means of protecting themselves
against the usurpations of those in power, whose
interests or caprices might lead to their oppres-
sion. Hence came the republican system. But
it was never thought the interests or caprices of
men could lead to a denial of the civil rights or
social supremacy of woman. People of one
race have always been unjust to those of an-
other. The ignorant and sordid Jew despised
the Samaritan and scoffed at the idea of his
equality. To him the learned and accomplished
Greek was a barbarian, and all rights were
denied him except those simple rights accorded
to the most degraded Gentile. Chinamen, to-
day, believe as firmly in the superiority of the
-Celestial race as Americans do in the superior-
ity of the Anglo-Saxon. All races of men are
unjust to other races. They are unjust because
of pride. That very pride makes them just to
the women of their own race. There may be
men who have prejudice against race; they are
less than men who have prejudice against sex.
The social position of woman in the United
States is such lhat no civil right can be denied
her. The women here have entire charge of
the social and moral world. Hence she must
be educated. First impressions are those which
bend the mind to noble 01- ignoble action, and
these impressions are made by mothers.
To have intelligent voters we must have in-
telligent mothers. To. have free men we must
have free women. The voter from this source
receives his moral and intellectual training.
Woman makes the voter, and should " not
descend from her lofty sphere to engage in the
angry contests of her creatures. She makes
statesmen, and her gentle influence, like the
finger of the angel pointing the path of duty,
would be lost in the controversies of political
strife. She makes the soldier, infuses courage
and patriotism in hia youthful heart, and hovers 1
like an invisible spirit over the field of battle. |
urging him 011 to victory or death in defense of !
the right. Hence woman takes no musket to
the battle-field. Here, as in politics, her per-
sonal presence would detract from her power. !
Galileo, Newton, and La Place could not fitly i
discuss the laws of planetary motion with ig- j
norant rustics at a country inn. The learned 1
divine who descends from the theological semi- j
nary to wrangle upon doctrinal points with the ]
illiterate, stubborn teacher of a small country I
flock must lose half his inlluence for good.
Our Government is built as our Capitol is built.
The strong and brawny arms of men, like
gramto blocks, support its arches; but woman,
lovely woman, the true goddess of Liberty,
crowns its dome.
-^r* YAIli.S. I wish to ask the Senator from
Missonn a question. _ I understand that he luu
introduced a resolution to amend the Consti-
tution of the United Stales so that there shall
be 110 distinction on account of color. Will
the gentleman accept an amendment to that
resolution that there shall be no distinction in
regard to sex?
Mr. HENDERSON. I have given my views,
I think, very distinctly, as the Senator would
have found if he had listened, in the latter part
of what I have just stated in reference to the
question of voting. In reply to what he has
said, I will say that, I do not think that on the
mere presentation of a petition it is in order
to discuss the merits of the petition. I hope,
therefore, that the Senator will not insist upon
entering into a question of that sort now.
Mr. YATES. I shall not do so. I only wish
to saythat I am not-proposing to amend the
Constitution. I simply desire to give rights to
those who have rights under the Constitution
as it has been amended. When I propose to
amend the Constitution then the question will
come up whether I will allow women to vote or
not.
Mr. SUMNER. Before this petition passes
out of sight I wish to make one observation,
and only one. The Senator from Missouri be-
gan by an allusion to myself and to a remark
which fell from me when I presented the other
day a petition from women of the United States
praying for the ballot. I took occasion then
to remark that in my opinion the petition at that
time was not judicious. That was all that I
said. I did not undertake to express any opin-
iononthegreat questionwhetherwomen should
vote or should not vote. I did venture to say
that in my opinion it was not judicious for them
at this moment to bring forward their claims so
as to compromise in any way the great question
of equal rights for an enfranchised race now
before Congress.
The Senator has quoted a letter suggesting
that I did not present the petition in a credit-
able way. I have now to felicitate my excel-
lent friend on the creditable way in which he
has performed his duty. [Laughter.]
Mr. YATES. Allow me to say that I think
the two gentlemen, one of whom has arrived at
the age of forty-nine and the other sixty-three,
have no right to discuss the question of women's
rights in the Senate. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator from Missouri suggest the disposition
he wishes made of this petition?
Mr. HENDERSON. Let it lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT tempore. That order
will be made.
ItErOKTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of James Dale Johnston, a naturalized
citizen of the United States, praying to be pro-
tected against'any claim which maybe preferred
against him as a former subject o"f' Great Brit-
ain, he having, as is alleged, voluntarily trans-
ferred his allegiance to the United States; and
also praying that Charles Underwood 0'Con-
nell, recently tried in Ireland for a connection
with the Fenian Brotherhood, may be de-
manded of the Government of Great Britain
to be surrendered to the Government of the
United States, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the petition of citizens
of Newbern, North Carolina, praying to be re-
lieved from the payment of retrospective taxes
claimed to be due under and by virtue of an
ordinance of the convention of North Carolina
latifieu 011 the 18th of October, 1865, have in-
structed me to repoit it back and ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, upon the
ground that in the opinion of the committee
no legislation can properly be had on the sub-
ject. _ If the parties have a remedy, they must
find it in the courts and not in legislation by
Congress.
The report was agreed to.
^ Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to wnom \va^ referred the memorial
of George Warren, Daniel Hood, and C. It.
Humphrey, praying for compensation for the
ship State of Maine, seized by the rebel author-
ities on the 24th of May, 18G1, and burnt by
them, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORTON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Kate Pettit, praying for relief for injuries al-
leged to have been received by her through
the carelessness of the driver of a Government
team, submitted an adverse report; which was
o.rdered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 102) to incorporate the Na-
tional Mutual Protection Homestead Company,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1) extending the right of
suffrage in the District of Columbia, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 218) for the relief of Charles Youly,
reported it without amendment.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That Joseph 0'N"eaI have leave to with-
draw his petition and other papers from the files of
the Senate.
REPRESENTATION OE SOUTHERN STATES.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. McPhersox,
its Clerk :
Mr. President, the House of Representatives
have passed a concurrent resolution, in which
I am directed to ask the concurrence of the Sen-
ate, declaring that no Senator or Representative
shall be admitted into either branch of Congress
from any of the eleven States which have been
declared to be in insurrection until Congress
shall have declared such State entitled to such
representation.
INTEll-CONTIXENTAI, TELEGRAPH.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the House
joint resolution No. 75, to encourage and facil-
itate telegraphic communication between the
western and eastern continents, have had the
same u/ider consideration and directed me to
report it back with certain slight amendments.
It is important that the resolution should be
acted upon promptly, and as the amendments
are very slight, and the whole case can be
easily explained, I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to act upon it now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (II. Ii. No. 75) to encour-
age and facilitate telegraphic communication
between the western and eastern continents.
The preamble recites that, by an act entitled
"An act to encourage and facilitate telegraphic
communication between the eastern and western
continents," approved July J, 18fi4, the Secre-
tary of the Navy was authorized to detail a ves-
sel to assist in surveys and soundings.. laying
down submarine cable, transporting materials
connected therewith, and generally to afford
such assistance as might be deemed best calcu-
lated to secure a successful promotion of the
enterprise ; and that the Emperor of Russia,
for the purpose of cooperating with the Gov-
ernment of the United States, under the act
aforesaid, has ordered a steam corvette, the
Yariay, of two thousand one hundred and fifty-
six tons burden, seventeen guns, three hundred
and six men, to assist in the achievement of
the telegraph, and has placed that steamer sub-
ject to the orders of the telegraph company;
and that the company intend, during the ensu-
ing summer, to lay the submarine cable re-
quired at Behring's strait, the cable and the
material for tlio entire lino being now in transit,
and the vessels of the company, seven in num-
ber, being ready ai Sail Francisco and Yoncou-
vei for the expedition, and require immediate
cooperation on the part of the United States,
in conformity with the act. The resolution,
