'V*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
gist in tie surveys along the coast of Russia.
As amended by the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, the vessel-of-war that will be detailed
for this specific purpose will be authorized to
make soundings ana surveys between the Rus-
sian coaat and the American coast, and to ren-
der any other assistance that it may be compat-'
ible for a vessel-of-war to render, provided such
assistance shall not require her to be disman-
tled or her efficiency as a vessel-of-war to be
destroyed or impaired. It is very proper, I
think, that this Government, even if this tele-
graph company was not in question, should
make surveys of that coast and of Behring's
straits, and of the sea where it is said this tele-
fraph eable was to be laid. I understand we
ave one hundred and sixty vessels that annu-
ally pass through Behring's straits; and I had
intended during this session to introduce a bill
providing for the Government taking up the
surveys that were commenced some years ago
by Commodore Ringgold and Commodore Rod-
gers, and carrying them forward. This reso-
lution, if it passes, will be rather in anticipation
of that which I think the Government ought to
do. As it has been amended, I think there can
be no particular objection to the resolution.
In regard to the bill which was passed two
years ago, I will say that the great objection,
and an objection which at the time I knew
must be raised to it, was that there was no ap-
propriation accompanying it. It authorized a
vessel-of-war to be dispatched for a specific
purpose without any appropriation accompany-
ing the,grant of that authority, and therefore
there was no power in the Secretary of the Navy
to carry it into execution ; and that I suppose
was one of the reasons why the Secretary of the
Navy entered into an agreement with the Sec-
retary of the Treasury by which a Treasury ves-
sel was dispatched in that direction and a naval
vessel performed Treasury duties on the coast
of California.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The amendments were ordered to
be engrossed and the joint resolution to be read
the third time. The resolution was read the
third time, and passed.
A subsequent message from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk,
announced that the House of Representatives
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate;
and also that the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives had signed the enrolled joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 75) to encourage and facili-
tate telegraphic communication between the
western and eastern continents; and it was
signed by the President pro tempore.
HOUSE Bill. REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 321) to amend an act
entitled "An a.et to prevent the spread of for-
eign diseases among the cattle of the United
States,'' approved December \ 8,1865, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Agriculture.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr.^LANE, of Kansas, gave notice of his
intention to ask leave to introduce a bill con-
tinuing in force until repealed by Congress the
present Freedmen's Bureau bill.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
159) to amend an act entitled "An act to incor-
porate the _ Guardian Society and provide for
reforming juvenile offenders in the District of
Columbia," and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, and ordered j
to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 34) expressive of the grati-
tude oi the nation to the officers, soldiers, and
seamen of the United States; which was read '
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, aud ordered
to be printed.
PRESIDENCY OF MEXICAN REPUBLIC.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution, and asked for.its present considera-.
tion:
Resolved, That the President of the Unitod States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if in his
judgment not inconsistent with the public interest,
any correspondence or other information in posses-
sion of the Government with regard to the term of
office of President Benito Juarez, of the republic of
Mexico, and as to the period when, under the con-
stitution, a popular election in that country should
take place, and of any vote of confidence and ex-
traordinary power given to him by the Congress of
Mexico.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over under the
rule.
ADJOURNMENT TO FRIDAY.
Mr. WADE. I understand that to-morrow
an oration is to be delivered by the Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Cbeswell,] on the la-
mented death of our friend, that noblo patriot,
Henry Winter Davis ; and- as I presume that
many of the Senators would like to attend it, I
move that when the Senate adjourns to-day, it
adjourn to meet on Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATION OF SOUTHERN STATES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the con-
sideration of the special order be postponed.
My object in doing so is that we may take up
and proceed with the consideration of the con-
current resolution which has come to us from
the House of Representatives this morning.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Is it not necessary
under the rules that that resolution should be
referred to a committee?
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Maine is that the
special order, which is House joint resolution
No. 51, and all prior orders be postponed, and
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the resolution just received from the House
of Representatives. That motion is in order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to inquire of
the Chair whether the resolution from the House
of Representatives does not, under the rules,
require a reference to a committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It^does not
require a reference. _ It is competent for the
Senate to act upon it without a reference, if
they shall so determine.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. X)OOLITTllE.- I desire to state, what
may have escaped the recollection of my friend
from Maine, that the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia is entitled to thefloor on the joint resolution
which is the special order, and expected to ad-
dress the Senate, and therefore I think it would
be better to allow him now to address the Sen-
ate on that subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He will retain the floor
whenever its consideration is resumed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I wish to say that I do
not ask that the special order be proceeded with
at this time on my account. I hope members
will not vote on the question with reference to
any idea of that description. I called for the
yeas and nays simply because I was opposed to
proceeding with the consideration of the House
resolution. As to the other question of my hav-
ingthe floor upon a prior measure, I am quite
indifferent whether gentlemen vote with refer-
ence to that fact or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will retain
the floor and will be entitled to it whenever that
matter comes up again.
Mr. BUCKALEW. My speech has been
corked up so long that I have lost to a great
extent the interest which I felt in the matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. My vote on this motion
will be controlled entirely by the wishes of the
Senator from Pennsylvania. If having the floor
he has made preparation to speak to-day, I j
would not deprive him of that right, although I
I think it would be better to take up the House
resolution and dispose of it. I suggest, there-
fore, that the Senator from-Maine had better
allow the Senator from Pennsylvania to make
his speech, and then when that is over, his mo-
tion will be in order. I wish to know from the
Senator from Pennsylvania definitely whether
he desires to speak this morning or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania, as I understand him, has already stated
that it is a matter of indifference to him whether
he speaks to-day or at another time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like him to state
distinctly what his preference is.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have said that I am
entirely indifferent on that point.
Mr. DIXON. I rise to a question of order.
T desire to inquire whether under the 26th rule
this resolution must not lie on the table one
day for consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order, in the opinion of the Chair, to proceed to
the consideration of the resolution. It can,
however, receive but one reading to-day unless
by the common consent of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask of the
Chair whether a concurrent resolution need be
read more than once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is not yet advised what the character of the
resolution is ; he has not heard it.
Mr. COWAN. I suggest that the resolution
be read. I do not knowfor my partwhatit is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Concurrentresolution concerning the insurrectionary
States.
Be it resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring.) That in order to close agitation
upon a question which seems likely to disturb the ac-
tion of the Government, as wellas to quiet the uncer-
tainty which is agitating the minds of the people of
the eleven States which have been declared to be in
insurrection, no Senator or Representative shall be
admitted into either branch of Congress from any of
said States until Congress shall have declared such
State entitled to such representation.
Mr. COWAN. From the importance of that
resolution I think it had better go over and be
printed that we may have time to consider it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that the resolution is not yet before
the Senate. It has been read for information.
The motion is that the Senate now proceed to
its consideration.
Mr. COWAN. That is subject to debate, I
presume.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is so—
not to debate the merits, however, of the res-
olution, but to state reasonsnvhj', or why not,
the Senate should now proceed to its consider-
ation.
Mr. COWAN. Iamnotsocertainbutthatthat
is the most important resolution that has ever
been offered in this body. I cannot conceive,
myself, of anything of more moment than that
we should decide upon the spur of the instant
that eleven sovereign States of the Union shall
be shut out from this body, without debate and
without consideration. It may be that Sen-
ators have made up their minds to do this;
it may be that it has been predetermined; but
certainly I think no man who desires the con-
tinuance of this Union, no man who holds that
this Union depends on the common consent of
all its parts, and thatitdepends, further, upon a
yielding by the remote parts of their particu-
lar desires and partialities to a certain extent
in order to maintain that Union, can contem-
plate the proposition without apprehension.
Mr. President, after the struggles we have
made for the Union, after the sacrifices we
have made for it, after the dead have been
buried, after the cost has been counted up, are
we to determine here solemnly, as the Chicago
convention determined, that the war was a fail-
ure and the Union cannot be restored?
I think that a question of such moment at
least deserves the careful, cool, deliberate,
calm, dispassionate consideration of this body.
Senators will remember how many people have
stakes in this resolution, how many people in
