956
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBS.
FebruaryBt,
ate, it should, in tlieir judgment, require any
amendment, it will be competent in them to
make such amendments as they deem proper.
The Chair thinks the resolution, as coming
from the House of Representatives, is to be
received by the Senate ; at all events, a motion
to proceed t.o its consideration is in order; and
until a vote of the Senate brings the resolution
before it, the Chair certainly cannot rule it
from the Senate on the ground that it is in-
formal in its terms.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With me the question
of time, or when this resolution is to be taken
up, is not material, and on that subject, as a
matter of course, I have no objection to its
coming up now or at any other time. But ac-
cording to my recollection of the language of
the resolution from its reading at the desk,
there is a clause in it legislative in its charac-
ter, binding not only upon this Congress, but
binding upon any succeeding Congress, and of
necessity the resolution must, if it passes at all,
take the form of a joint resolution or of a law
of Congress. We cannot by a concurrent res-
olution, in my judgment, undertake to carry
out what is there declared. I do not rise to dis-
cuss the question now, for that would be going
into "the merits of the resolution and might be
out of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is only proposed to take
it up now, and then it will go over.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is understood that
as soon as it is taken up it will go over, I have
nothing to say.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood the propo-
sition of the honorable Senator from Maine to
be that we take the resolution up; but it is not
his purpose to have a discussion on it now, and
still less his purpose to ask for a decision upon
it. My understanding of the rule—and I am
glad that I am confirmed in its correctness by
the Chair—is that it toay be taken wp now, but
whether it can be considered when it is taken
up until the expiration of a day, under the rule,
is what I rose to suggest to the honorable mem-
ber. The Chair, I understand, says that if the
Senate agree to take it up and an objection
should then be made to its immediate consid-
eration it will go over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of the opinion that if the Senate should vote
to proceed to the consideration of the resolu
tion, it will then stand under the 26th rule, sub-
eet to the objection of any Senator to being
considered to-day.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I understood; and 1
supposed that was the view of the honorable
member from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My view is simply this:
I am aware of the rule. I suppose the rule to
be that any one objection can prevent its second
reading to-day, if it requires a second reading.
It is a concurrent resolution, and I suppose it
might come within the terms of the rule. That
I do not know. But unless I am prevented by
the rules of the Senate, I shall ask the Senate
to proceed with its consideration. If I am, I
shall ask simply to have the earliest day as-
signed for the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. As you are, in the opinion
of the Chair, prevented by the rules of the Sen-
ate from considering it to-day, there is nothing
to be discussed.
Mr. FESSEN'DEN. I cannot help that.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I understand. Now.
as to the consideration of the resolution, either
at this time or at any other time when it may
suit the Senate to consider it, I have no possi-
ble objection. The resolution itself has come
to my knowledge to-day for the first time, not
owing to any fault on the part, of the committee,
of which I ha open to be a member, hut from
the circumstance of my not having been in the
city at the time when the committee were de-
liberating on the propriety of the resolution.
It has, I confess, somewhat taken me by sur-
Eiioe : and as I may deem it necessary, after
caiiug the honorable member from Maine, or
those who think such a resolution should be
rissed, to uddres.-, the Senate upon the subject.
am sure tho Senate would not hasten a vote
upon the question until we should all of us have
an opportunity to form and to express, if we
should deem it necessary, our opinion upon
the subject. The Senator from Maine, I am
sure, is the last man who would seek to arrest
debate upon a question which he has correctly
stated to be one of transcendent importance.
Why it is important, how it is important, what
may be.its effect if adopted, or its effect if re-
jected, are matters about which I desire time
for reflection, and I am satisfied that the Sen-
ator from Maine would not, even if he had the
power, take from any Senator upon this floor
the time which he might honestly and sincerely
think necessary to enable him to discuss it
understandingly.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I hope the vote will be
taken on this subject without further debate.
If the consideration of the constitutional amend-
ment is to be proceeded with to-day, I do not
desire to be pushed over into the latter portion
of the session.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us take the vote on
taking up this resolution, and then you can go
on with your speech.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I hope there will be no
further debate, and that we shall take up the
resolution to amend the Constitution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question the moment debate ceases.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that the resolu-
tion here offered is treated by the Chair under
the rules, and in my judgment correctly, as a
simple resolution offered to the Senate. We
have that matter acted upon every day prac-
tically. The Chair-announces, "Resolutions
are now in order." A gentleman gets up and
offers a resolution. Objection is made to it,
and the objection throws it over, as a matter
of course, under the 26th rule. Calling this
a concurrent resolution gives it no other
effect than it would have if offered simply as
a resolution of the Senate. That language is
adopted, I suppose, with a view to some result;
it is not necessary to state it; but I think the
Chair correctly suggests that this is a resolution
offered in the Senate and is to be treated as a
Senate resolution, and whenever it is offered
to the Senate, an objection by any Senator
throws over its consideration for a day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me there is
a wonderful sensitiveness on the part of some
Senators here in advance objecting to some-
thing that is hereafter to arise. It will be time
enough to determine what the resolution is
when we get it before the Senate. It is a very
extraordinary proceeding on the part of Sena-
tors to object when a resolution or bill comes
from the House of Representatives to having it
taken up. Il is usually done as a matter of
course. The Chair ordinarily—frequently in
the midst of business—asks leave to Jay before
the Senate a resolution or bill from the House
of Representatives. Who before ever saw Sen-
ators excited, one after another rising and
wanting to know whether this can be put upon
them, and what is the character of the resolu-
tion, whether it does not have to be read three
times, and appealing to the Chair to know
whether it is a concurrent or joint resolution,
the Senator from Connecticut and the Senator
from Kentucky equally alarmed and making
common cause lest a resolution from the House
of Representatives should be brought to the
notice of the Senate ? What would Senators
have? Is it to lie here and never be con-
sidered ? The proposition is to take it up. and
that is all there is to it. It, will be time enough
to decide what it is when it is up. 1 think this
is the first time 1 have ever known an objection
of this kind interposed since 1 have been a
member of the Senate. I cannot conceive what
has so alarmed Senators. They certainly ex-
pect that the resolution will come up. It is
entitled to come up. Usually a bill or resolu-
tion from the House of Representatives is pre-
sented to the Senate the day it is received ;Vo:n
the House. I think the Senator from Connec-
ticut will bear his testimony with mine thai
there has never been an instance since we have
been members of this body where a resolution
of bill from the other House was hot laid be-
fore the Senate either, by, the Presiding Officer
or somebody else, the very day it came'in. If
it is forgotten, the Presiding Officer usuallybe-
fore we adjourn, even after a motion to adjourn
is made, will ask permission.to lay {be bill' ol
resolution before the Senate. This is the first
time I have known mich scenting afar off of stone
danger in a resolution. I only make these re-
marks to show that there can certainly be bo
propriety in this objection to calling up the
resolution. I have nothing to say about it .
when it is up. *
Mr. DIXON. The Senate will remember
that the honorable Senator from Maine stated
to tbe Senate that- his objeet was to have imme-
diate action upon this resolution unless some
rule of the Senate should prevent it. Now, the
Senator from Illinois asks, what do we desire?
What do we want? Why this eager anxiety to
preventimmediate action upon the resolution?
Sir, this is not the case of an ordinary bill or
resolution from the House of Bepresentatives,-
coining here to be considered tod referred by
general consent. It is a very different case from
that. Here is a very important measure. Cer-
tainly Setiators ought to' have the privilege of
reading it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before it is taken np?
Mr. DIXON. Before it is considered. Wliat
did I do? When the motion was under con-
sideration to act upon it at once, and two or
three speeches had been made, I barely called
the attention of the Chair to the 28th rule,
partlyto prevent the consumption oftime. And
now the Senator says, why scent this danger in
advance as if something very uncommon had
been done? Why, sir, in my judgment, with
deference to the Chair, whenever bills or reso-
lutions come from the House of Representa-
tives, and are acted upon at once by the Senate,
it is by general consent. I of course am mis-
taken if the Chair differs from me. but by my
reading of this rule the Senate cannot act on a
resolution of any description in any manner on
the first day on which it is presented. If the
Senator from Illinois presents aresolution and
asks immediate action upon it, wliat do we do
in .such a case? We read it for information.
The Senate will not even allow it to be read
except for inforriation; and why? Because
this rule provides that all resolutions shall lie-
on the table one day for consideration. I sup-
posed that that rale applied to this resolution.
Of course I am wrong if I differ from the Chair,
but my only object was to have the rule of the
Senate enforced.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe there is no
question before the body except that this reso-
lution shall be taken up and then laid aside.
Several Senators. That is all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will not be laid aside
unless the rules require it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This is a very interest-
ing proceeding. We propose to take it up and
then lay it down. Now, suppose we do it.
The I'H ESIDEN'f Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Several Sexators. Let the call be with-
drawn.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT protempore. Itean only
be withdrawn by common consent, the yeas and
nays having been ordered. The Chair hears
no objection. The question is on proceeding
to the consideration of the resolution named.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is before the Senate.
Mr. DIXON. I now submit to the Chair
j that under the 26th rule, which provides that
; all other resolutions except those specified shall
! lie on the table for one day for consideration,
i this resolution cannot be acted upon without
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro te/npvre. That Is
the opinion of the Chair.
Mr, CLARK. I hope the Senator froai
