1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
mr
Connecticut will not object to an order to print
the resolution.
Mr. DIXON. I do not object to that.
Mr. C LARK. Let it be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not understand
whether the Senator from Connecticut objects
to the consideration of the resolution or not.
Mr. DIXON. I do object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, then; if,
under the ruling of the Chair, it must go over,
I move that it be made the special order for
Friday next at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT? pro tempore. The Chair
thinks that a motion on the resolution cannot
be entertained. An objection to it carries it
over, and to fix a day for its consideration is
considering the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I give notice
that I shall call it up on Friday at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution goes over under the rule.
preservation of order in the gallery.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bcckalew,]
who I believe is entitled the floor, I desire to
offer a resolution to promote the order of the
Senate, to which I hope there will be no objec-
tion. If there is objection to it as a matter of
course it will go over:
JieAohed. That the Sergeant-at-Arms is hereby in-
structed to airest, without further order, any person
who by applause or dissent in the gallery shall dis-
turb the order of the Senate. .
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire to say that
I have noticed that the disturbance of the order
of the Senate is generally started by one or two
persons, and that we have put a great many
orderly citizens to inconvenience by clearing
the galleries. My own impression is that the
messengers in charge of the different doors can
very easily arrest any disturbance in the galler-
ies by observing this resolution and arresting
the first person who commits a violation of or-
der and bringing hitn to the bar of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. You do not state in the res-
olution what he shall do with him.
Mr. SHERMAN. That must bo subject to
the order of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not say so in the res-
olution, that the Sergeant-at-Arms shall hold
the person arrested subject to the order of the
Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. If he arrests him, as a
matter of course he will hold him subject to
the orders of the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. You had better put it in the
resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to any
amendment that will carry out the desired
object.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the reso-
tion by adding the words, "and hold him sub-
ject to the order of the Senate."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that the Senator from Ohio assents
to the amendment. The resolution is under
his control, and that amendment will be made.
Mr. CLARK. I approve of the object of
this resolution, but 1 think this whole matter
ought to be under the control of the Presiding
Officer, and that he should direct the Sergeant-
at-Arms when to make the arrest. It is the
duty of the Presiding Officer to preserve the
order of the Senate, and if it is the sense of
the Senate, as expressed in this resolution, that
he should do it in this way. he would undoubt-
edly do it, and that would be the proper way of
doing it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Presiding Officer of
the Senate is not always in the chair. Differ-
ent Senators occupy the chair during the day,
and it is not their business to attend to this
matter. I think it had better be left to the
Sergeant-at-Arms, who is charged with the duty
of preserving the order of the Senate. Ilehas
messengers and agents scattered in different
parts of the building, and they can promptly
and readily, without awaiting the order of the
Presiding Officer, arrest any person making a
disturbance. It will always be in the power of
the Senate to control the whole matter.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio that the Sergeant-at-Arms is much more
frequently absent than the Presiding Officer,
and it will not do to leave the messengers at
the doors to arrest anybody they choose. I
should not like to do that. Let the Presiding
Officer give instructions to do it when it is d'one.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no danger of
abuse under this resolution, because the person
arrested would be at once brought to the bar of
the Senate, and we would dispose of the matter
promptly. No person's rights will be affected
by it. The Sergeant-at-Arms acts through his
deputies, and any person authorized to do so
by the Sergeant-at-Arms would be authorized
to make arrests. He would act, as a matter of
course, through his doorkeepers and messengers.
The person arrested would be brought to the
bar of the Senate. I do not believe, myself, that
there will be any necessity for making arrests.
Citizens who come here to listen to our debates
ought to be warned that if they violate the order
of the Senate, especially after the repeated vio-
lations we have had here lately, they are liable
to be arrested, and to be held subject to the
order of the Senate. I submitted the resolu-
tion after I drew it up to several Senators, and
they made no objection to it, andl hope, there-
fore, it will be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I concur with the Senator
from Ohio that this authority ought to be vested
in the Sergeant-at-Arms, who can place his
various officers at the several doors. A recent
major general, one of the bravest in our Army,
was telling me about his being turned out of
the gallery here one day this week, when there
were only eight or ten who made any disturb-
ance, some of whom cheered, and some hissed,
lie was listening very patiently to a speech that
was being made, lie referred the messenger to
one man, and said to him, u There is a msin that
cheered, and there is another one that Hissed,
take them, and let me sit here ; 1 have not dis-
turbed anybody." In such cases as that, the
Sergeant-at-Arms, or his deputies, ought to
arrest those men and bring them before the
Senate, and let the other persons who have
been quiet, and come hero for the purpose of
listening to the debates, remain. The Presi-
dent of the Senate cannot specify these particu-
lar men who are thus disturbing the peace of
the Senate, and before he can issue orders to
the Sergeant-at-Arms to arrest them, they will
have escaped, or passed from his observation.
The resolution was adopted.
apportionment 01? representation.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the joint resolution
proposing to amend the Constitution.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (H. R. No.
01) proposing to amend the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. SUMNER, With the indulgence of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, I should like to say
that there is important public business in execu-
te e session which ought to be acted on to-day.
I shall not make the motion now, of course,
wdiile the Senator has the floor, but I give notice
that I hope the Senate will allow me to move an
executive session as soon as the Senator from
Pennsvlvania has finished his speech.
Mr."BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I shall
not speak to-day as a party man, nor as a sec-
tional man, but as an American, as a citizen of
the United States anxious to maintain its unity,
and to promote, so far as my humble efforts can
do it. the welfare of our common country. I
have looked forward during the weary months
of the recent war to a time when a new class
of subjects would arise for our'consideration.
The discussion of measures of force in the pros-
ecution of the war and the discussion of the
various questions connected with the subjectof
slavery dill not provoke me upon any single
occasion to address the Senate at length. lie-
turning from a foreign country after the com-
mencement of the war, when it was in full prog-
ress, and when no human power could avert
the storm which fell upon us, I found myself,
as did most of the citizens of our country, abso-
lutely controlled by the circumstances-which
surrounded us and which pressed us forward
upon a course of conduct which we could not
avoid. I thought then, and I think now, that
there was but one thing to do. We.were en-
gaged in a contest which was, as it .has been
often described, a contest of life and death, and
there was nothing to be done except to fight it
out, to'fight on, to promote or assist the collis-
ion of forces which were then arrayed against
each other until some ultimate result should be
reached.
As a member of the minority in this Cham-
ber, I gave my vote -for those measures of the
majority which directly pointed to the use of
the force of this Government to subjugate the
insurrection which raised its head against us.
I was opposed to tlie political policy of that
majority, and have continued to entertain and
evince that opposition down to this time in a
rcspectful and proper manner. But upon the
question of prosecuting the war to a conclusion,
1 never had any difficulty, I never had any
hesitation. Upon an examination of my rec-
ord—and humble as it may be, even it may
by some persons at some time be examined—it
will be found that from the time I assumed the
scat to which my State had assigned me in this
Chamber, my course was such as I have indi-
cated, and was in exact accordance with the
convictions that I held.
1 thought that there was little to be attained
by speech-making by a member, even from the
groat Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, upon
political questions during the war. While the
passions of the country were inflamed by the
war, reason could not be heard. Logic is
thrown away upon the passions. It can only
bo heard after they have subsided. But, sir, I
looked forward to the days through which we
are now passing, contemplating a condition oi
things entirely changed, the coming tip ofmew
questions, especially questions connected with
economy, with revenue, with finance, with ordi-
nary legislation, with the administration of jus-
tice wherever the jurisdiction of this Govern-
ment extends—all those questions which require
intelligence, which require investigation,which
require labor, the habits of the student. I
looked forward to that class of questions, in-
tending to speak upon them on fit and proper
occasions, and when, in my opinion, I might
contribute something useful to the current of
your debates.
But there was one thing which I did not
anticipate. I did not anticipate that nearly one
year after the termination of the war, one year
after the great armies which were arrayed
against us had submitted to our power and had
capitulated to our forces in the field, nearly a
year after open resistance to our authority had
terminated, and when in point of fact there was
no resistance to the Government of the United
States in any portion of our country, we, in the
Congress of the United States, should be dis-
cussing the question of whether the war had
been a success or not, whether our country was,
as formerly, entire and complete, a unit under
the Constitution of the United States, no longer
broken and severed into parts, but one homogen-
eous whole, united together by the fundamental
law, the Constitution established by our fathers.
I did not anticipate the necessity of debating
subjects of this description, because I could not
foresee either the passions or interests of party
which precipitate upon us the questions out of
which these debates arise. But, sir, these sub-
jects are here, and they are to be met, and it is
because with reference to some of these ques-
tions 1 have not heard my own ideas presented
by others, that I now trespass upon the atten-
tion of the Senate and pray their attention for
a brief time.
Among the other subjects which are brought
before us by this celebrated committee of fif-
teen, which* seems to have taken charge to a
great extent of the affairs of the Government,
