958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
Febrnarf'lt,
which seems to have assumed to itself the func-
tions of Congress and the functions also of an
advisory body to the Executive—among the
other subjects thrown into Congress for the
operation of the previous question in the House
of Representatives and for the prompt lash of
party discipline in the Senate, is the subject of
representation in this Government, one that
has undergone no consideration, or very slight
consideration, from the year 1789, when the
Constitution of the United States went into
operation, to this day. We have talked about
everything else, we have considered everything
else except this great subject, because we sup-
posed that representation in this Government
had been established upon just and proper
foundations by our fathers. We were content
with their work. We took it for granted that
they had made a proper arrangement in that
portion of the Constitution which related to
this subject. But the committee of fifteen have
introduced to our attention a resolution pro-
posing ajimitation upon the representation of
the States of this Union in the House of Rep-
resentatives in all cases where the right of suf-
frage shall be abridged by such State as to any
class of its inhabitants on account of race or
color.
The resolution of the committee raises one
of the questions which we are now to consider.
That resolution had a swift passage through
the House of Representatives, but here it has
had a somewhat prolonged consideration, and
it is well that it has been considered, because
as the debute has progressed more and more of
opposition to it has been manifested, and more
and more plainly have appeared to the Senate
and the people of the country who read our
debates the imperfections of the plan of amend-
ment proposed by that resolution.
Mr. President, I shall speak to-day upon the
subject of representation of States in this Sen-
ate, and of the people of States in the House of
Representatives; and the particular questions
examined will be—■
1. The senatorial representation of the east-
ern States;
2. The present admission of Senators and
Representatives ,from the South;
3. The proposed amendment of the Consti-
tution, limiting representation in the House of
Representatives in future.
The provisions of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States which will come under review iii our
present inquiry, are the three following; all to
be found in the first article:
" The Senate of tlie United States shall be composed
of two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legis-
lature thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall
have one rote."—S'ection 3, clause 1.
"The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States, and the electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors
of the mos.t numerous branch of the State Legisla-
ture.'*—Section 2, clause 1.
Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union, according to their respect! ve
numbeis, which shall bo determined by adding to the
whole number of free persons, including those bound
to service for a term of years, and excluding Indians
not taxed, three filths of all other poisons."—Same
scction, chiusc 3.
These provisions, regulating representation
in the Government of the United States, have
remained unchanged from the formation of the
Constitution down to this day, or for more than
seventy-live years. Shall they continue to stand,
or shall they be changed? That question must
now be met and answered, for the committee
of fifteen has proposed, and the House of Rep-
resentatives has passed, a resolution proposing
a material change in one of these clauses: and
oilier changes have been proposed in both
Houses, and arc now pending: and for the time
being Congress declines or delays to execute
these clauses of the Constitution so far as they
relate to the representation of southern States.
[ shall speak, in the first place, of the repre-
sentation of the eastern States in the Senate:
for although (his subject lias not been raised
directly by any bill or resolution presented in
either House, or been referred to in debate in
either House, so far as I have observed, it is
intimately connected with the questions which
have been raised, and which are undergoing
public debate.
REPRESENTATION OF THE EAST IN THE SENATE,
The six States beyond the Hudson river,
commonly called " NewEngland," have twelve
Senators on this floor by virtue of that clause
of the Constitution relating to senatorialrepre-
sentation which I have read. Each State is to
have two Senators—neither more nor less—
without any regard to the number of inhabitants
it may contain. And by the concluding clause
of the fifth article of the Constitution, relating
to amendments, it is provided that—■
"Ho State, without its consent, shall be deprived of
its equal suffrage in the Senate."
By referring to the census of 1880, the popu-
lation of the eastern States is found to be as
follows:
EASTERN STATES.
Maine    628,279
New Hampshire  335,073
Massachusetts    1,231,066
Rhode Island  174,620
Connecticut    400,147
Vermont  315,098
Total .. 3,130,283
Six States with twelve Senators.
Dividing this total of population by the num-
ber twelve, will show the number of inhabitants
to each Senator upon an equal apportionment
according to numbers. The resulting ratio or
number for a Senator will be found to be 261,-
273. In other words, there is one Senator to
each 261,273 inhabitants. It requires a little
over a quarter of a million persons in the East
(the whole population there being considered in
the computation) for one Senator in this body.
Having thus ascertained the ratio of appor-
tionment for the East, let us ascertain what it
will be for the other States represented in the
Senate and which adhered to our Government
during the war. Their population in 1860 was
as follows:
CENTRAL AND WESTERN STATES.
New York  3,880,735
New Jersey      672,035
Pennsylvania    2,906,215
Delaware  112,216
Maryland  687,049
West Virginia  349,698
Ohio 2,339,511
.Michigan  749,113
Indiana  1,350,428
Illinois    1,/ll,951
Kentucky    1,155,6S4
Missouri 1,182,012
Wisconsin  775,881
Iowa    674,913
Minnesota  172,023
Kansas  107,206
California  379,994
Oregon  52,465
Total    19,259,129
Here are eighteen States with thirty-six Sen-
ators, and dividing their whole population by
the number thirty-six will show a ratio for one
Senator of 531,976. It requires, therefore,
more than half a million inhabitants in those
States for one vote in the Senate.
For the purpose of further comparison let us
next turn to the States of the South, which are
now unrepresented in Congress. Their pop-
ulation in 1860 was as follows:
SOUTHERN STATES.
Virginia   1.216,620
Noith Oatoltna  992,622
■South Carolina      703,708
GcOi-gia   1,057,2*^6
Florida   - 140,424
Alabama  964.201
?iis-sifsippi  791.307
Tennessee .*  1,109.801
Louisiana  70S,0o2
Arkansas . —  4:15.450
Texa^  604.215
The new State, with its proper number of in-
habitants, appears in the table of the centra,!
States already given, inasmuch as it was repre-
sented in the last Congress.
Let us now consolidate these totals, of popu-
lation in the several divisions of- the country:,
as just given, to obtain a common ratio of dis-
tribution: .
Six eastern States -  3,135,
Eighteen central and western States..'   19,!£§,la>
Eleven southern States...   8,?5S;fi 
Total       31.148.C
Total 
  8,7o3,G34
Here are eleven States with twenty-two Sen-
ators. and dividing their total population by
twon'y-two. there results a ratio or number to
each Senater of :'''7,802. I have deducted from
th" population of Virginia the population of the
forty-eightcounties which were, under the name
of West Virginia, admited into the Union as a
now State by the net nf 81 st of December. 1S62.
Here ar4 thirty-five States ia all, with.seventy
Senators, and by dividing their total population
by the number seventy, we obtain a common
ratio for the whole country of 444,972.
We are now prepared for a comparison of
eastern representation with that of other sec-
tions upon exaet data. The Territories, not
being represented, are excluded from the cal-
culation, as is also the State of .Nevada, which
was not represented during the war.
Bat it is to be remembered that as the" new
States of the West increase much more rapidly
in population than the old Atlantic States, the
inequality between the East and the central and
western sections is now greater that it was in
1860, when the census was taken. ,
But upon the figures as now stated, the case
will sum up as follows:
RATIOS FOR A SENATOR.
For the eastern jitates   261,273
For central and western States 534,976
For southern States 39/,892
Common ratio 444,972
Deducting the ratio of New England from the
common ratio for the whole Union will show
a deficient population in the former, upon each
Senator allowed her, of no less than 183,699;
and multiplying this deficiency upon one Sena-
tor by twelve (the whole number of her Sena-
tors) will show a  total deficiency to the enor-
mous extent of 2,204,388, that is, she has repre-
sentation in this Senate for nearly two and a
quarter million persons who are actually located
in the central and western States.
But, astonishing as these figures are, they_do
not exhibit the full extent of the inequality which
now exists with the South unrepresented. The
population of all the States is taken into account
to produce the result just stated. But drawing
the comparison between her and the central
and western States, actually represented here,
will show her deficiency in population greater
than before by 258,936, or a total deficiency of
2,463,324. These two and a half million people
exist. They are not a myth—not imaginary
persons—but real, breathing men, women, and
children in New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, In-
diana, Illinois, Kentucky, and Missouri. They
are found along the Hudson and the Mohawk,
by the Susquehanna, the Wabash, and the Ohio.
And the men among them are a main support
of this nation, bearing its industries forward and
abiding by its laws. They turn the furrow in
the field, or push the plane in the workshop, or
smite the anvil in the smithy, or dig fuel from
the bowels of the earth, or build great towns and
smiling hamlets throughout the great States of
the center and the West. Not one of them is
found in the East, though men of the East vote
for them in this Senate. Net a dollar of fishing
bounties wrung from an impoverished Treasury
ever reached them in its disbursement. They
have been content to receive justice rather than
favor from Government: their patriotism has
been spontaneous, constant, and sure, without
calculation of immediate advantage, and with
no shrewd calculation of future profit or do-
minion.
When, therefore, the readjustment of repre-
sentation in this Government is proposed: when
Congress and the country are considering prop-
ositions of amendment and of change in the
basis of political power, I insist that their views
and interests shall be taken imo account rather
than those which exist in a section which has
been, heretofore, fa\ ored at their expense ii not
to their injury.
But. before suggesting any change in the sen-
atorial representation of the East, or show-
