;3
960
THE OOTGRSSSI0ML 'GLOBE.
the payment of liberal bounties by the United
States, to meet the outlays of which the cele-
brated special five, per cent, income tax was
imposed. T need not recite the proceedings
upon these measures—the debates and votes
connected with their passage. The East tri-
umphed throughout. Voted down or repulsed
upon more than one occasion, she rallied her
strength, and by persistence secured her ob-
jects.
We were coolly informed upon one occasion
that if we did not assent to one of these prop-
ositions, the Massachusetts members in the
House had determined to defeat, and would
defeat, the whole of an important public bill in
which it was contained. Of course, the point
was conceded, and perfect harmony reigned
over the concluding hours of a great session.
Very active and energetic efforts in obtain-
ing recruits in other States of the North, negro
recruits in the South, and foreign emigrants,
enabled the East to fill her quotas without ex-
hausting her laboring population at home, in
consequence of which, in connection with the
expansion of the currency secured by her votes,
the dividends of her manufacturing companies
became splendid, and her profits in furnishing
Government supplies immense.
Her recruitment of southern negroes to fill
her quotas was checked the following year by
the repeal of the section authorizing it, upon a
motion submitted by me.
There was a prolonged contest over the
question of repeal, but for once there was a
sufficient force rallied to overcome the eastern
interest. One fact- shown in the debate may
be again mentioned. No sooner had the news
been flashed North by telegraph that General
Sherman had captured Savannah, than agents
were dispatched by Governor Andrew, of
Massachusetts, to enlist all the negroes that
could be obtained at that point. Having done
this, he applied to the Secretary of War for
permission to his agents to go South and
make the enlistments ; and the computation
of time was mado with such exactness that it
was believed the permission from the Secretary
would reach Savannah precisely at the time
when the negroes should be shipped North.
Enterprise and smartness are fine things in
times of war as well as in -times of peace, and
influence with Government opens a fine field
for their exercise, as in the case in question.
It might be interesting to go on in this con-
nection and examine the tariff' acts and internal
revenue laws which have been passed since
1800, and to show that in the particular ar-
rangements made of duties and taxes the East
received more than her due share of consider-
ation and favor. But why multiply proofs that
political power will always seek its own ends,
and give such direction to Government as shall
be, or be thought to be, favorable to its o«"n
interests? Look over the whole field of Gov;
ernment policj-, whether political, sectional, or
economical, and you will discover the marks
of eastern power in every part. And by its
alliance with, or rather mastership of, a great
political party of the North, it is at this mo-
ment almost omnipotent in the Government.
Sir, the East controlled the Senate during
the war, as she controls it now, and by virtue
of that control she has dominated the House
of Representatives and influenced powerfully
and constantly the executive department. Her
power here lias been, in fact, a power over the
whole Government, and when considered in
its totality has been enormous and irresistible.
Necessarily, the action of the House of Kepre-^
sentatives has had reference to the action of
the Senate whenever the concurrence of the
latter in any measure was necessary. Besides,
the House is frequently filled with new men,
while the Senate, on account of the long dura-
tion of senatorial terras, and of frequent re-
election of its members, is less subject to change.
For this reason, and because of its participa-
tion with the President in the distribution of
offices, and in the formation of treaties, the
Senate must possess a larger measure of inliu-
ence than the House, and must extend more
of influence to that body than it receives from
it. For the same reasons, and for others
equally obvious, the influence of the Senate
over the executive branch of the Government
(especially when the President is united by
party bonds with a Senate majority) must be
very considerable. In the case of Mr. Lincoln
this influence was an -important force in giv-
ing direction to executive policy and conduct.
He complained sometimes of the "pressure"
brought to bear upon him, but sooner or later
he always submitted to it, and performed its
. behests. And unquestionably the same eastern
power hopes ultimately to obtain from the pres-
' ent President an equal degree of acquiescence
in its present and future demands. It is en-
throned here; it grasps firmly the scepter of
authority, and has no intention to abdicate its
functions or surrender any portion of its power.
Intrenched, as it believes, firmly and forever
within the Constitution as to its senatorial rep-
resentation. it is unwilling to weaken-that rep-
i resentative power by the admission of members
| from the South. It resists the admission of
i members even from Colorado and Tennessee,
> and bases its opposition to increased represen-
i tation upon grounds which must long continue
j to exist. And it representation most hereafter
be conceded to southern States and to new
States, she desires the concession to be made
upon condition of negro suffrage. The pro-
teges of her policy, the objects of her long con-"
t.inued agitation of the country, however unfit '
or unworthy of the elective franchise, are to
be endowed with it as her political allies for
the future.
Mr. President, it is in human nature that
power once held or wielded should be surren-
I dered unwillingly. The individual who lias
held high office very commonly retires from it
with reluctance and under the pressure of some
constitutional or popular power which he can-
not resist. And thus, also, great sectional or
social interests yield power unwillingly, and
when compelled to do so bitterly regret the
sacrifice. It required the stroke of war to loosen
the grasp of the slaveholder upon his slave ;
he surrenders his power only when compelled
i by overwhelming force.
A manufacturing or agricultural population,
protected by the most extravagant of tariffs or
by the most oppressive of corn laws, will never
willingly yield their power over markets and
consumers. Political interests stronger than
they must wrest from them the .advantages
which they possess if they are ever to be de-
piived of their enjoyment.
No one, therefore, need be surprised at the
reluctance manifested by the East to surrender
any portion of the power which she has held
during the war. and now holds, in the Govern-
ment. In this particular she but exhibits an-
other illustration of that characteristic of human
nature which I have mentioned, and which,
outside the breasts of saints and heroes, is uni-
versal. Twenty-two Senators from the southern
States and two from Colorado—being double
the number of those, from the East—would re-
duce the importance of the latter in the Senate
and remit her back to the condition in which
she stood in her relations to the Union before
the war. True, she would even then possess
much more than her proportion ot weight in
the Senate, regard being had to her population,
but she would 110 longer dominate or control the
Government oi the 'Jnited States. A balance oi
power in the Union, utterly broken by secession
and war, would be restored, and existing inter-
ests in all sections of the country would be heard
in Congress, and be regarded in the enactment
of laws. And the effects of this change would
be felt in the executive and judicial branches of
the (Government. The principles of the Con-
stitution would waken to a new life. Justice
and tolerance would return to the councils of
the Government and to tin* hearts of the people.
Public expenditures v, ouldhe diminished, along
with the pretended necessities which now create
or excuse them. Trade would revive, r.roduc-
tion increase, and the public credit be estab-
lished upon a sure foundation. Moi't than
this, we would stand strong before tie nations
of the earth by being made thoroughly secure
against their secret intrigues or open hostility.
Mr. President, I do not dislike or despise
New England. I am eontent to acknowledge
her merits, to deal justly by hey people, and
even to overlook in some degree what I con-
ceive to be her errors of oprnioil and extrava-
gancies of condttet. The man of the B&Srt; is
industrious, enterprising, and thrifty: his inge-
nuity is remarkable, and his achievements in
the pursuits of private life and in public em-
ployment constitute a prominent part of the
national history. He has reclaimed the forest
and the prairie to the uses of man ; has been
active in educational improvement and in estab-
lishing a literature which, however defective,
gives promise of future excellence. He has
been a producer of wealth, and his activity has
been a great element of national force and of
national progress. And he has won distinction
upon the ocean as well as upon the land, not
only in naval conflicts in the late war, and still
more in former wars, but also in the pnrsnits
of peaceful commerce. He carries ottr flag over
great seas, to distant islands, and to the utter-
most parts of the earth. He drops the line as a
patient fisherman off the Newfoundland banks,
or follows, with poised spear, the walrus and
the whale among the icebergs of the North. -
A hundred years ago the enterprise and thrift
of the New England mariner was celebrated by
Edmund Burke in language that will never die:
" No sea but what is vexed by their fisheries."
By the way, sir, that excellent word vexed—;
excellent in the connection in which it is used—
I once thought was a scintillation of the fine
genius of Burke himself. I thought so until I
remembered that the great master before him
had written about
" The vexed Bermoothes." •
Sir, the passage is to be found in the Tem-
pest.
Protesting, then, that I am not prompted by
antipathy or jealousy toward the East, I pro-
ceed to mention the remedial measures which
i will remove the inequality complained of, or at
least reduce it within tolerable bounds. The
first remedy will be what lias already been sng-
gested, the'admission of Senators into the Sen-
ate from the eleven States of the'South; for by
increasing the whole number of members in the
Senate the existing inequality will sink iR rel-
ative importance. Though it will not disap-
pear. it will be less potent and pernicious than
at present. The second and more effectual
remedy will be an amendment of the Constitu-
tion readjusting senatorial representation upon
a more just basis. Let it be provided that States
containing less than one million inhabitants_
shall have one"Senator ; States containing more"
than one million and less than three millions,
two Senators; and States containing more than
three millions, three Senators. This arrange-
ment will make representation in the Senate
much more equal and satisfactory than it now
is. and ought not to mpet with objection in any
quarter. It will make three classes of States,
each class having representation somewhat in
proportion to its relative importance iu the
Union, while the State basis lor senatorial rep-
resentation, one of the best features of our con-
stitutional system, will be retained in complete
integrity.
Premising that I shall recur to this point
hereafter. I will now proceed to the second
division of my subject, the question of
KECOXS1 BUOTIOS.
I use this term as including two points: first,
the reorganization of southern State govern-
ments : and second, the admission of southern
Senators and Representatives into Congress.
This last point in", elves one of the remedies for
eastern predominance in the Senate, already
mentioned.
I was one of those who thought the provis-
ional governments set up in the South under
Mr. Lincoln's Administration were- legitimate
and proper. But 1 regarded thera in a very
different light from that in which thej appeared
