
you and the officers and men of your command his thanks for the skill, bravery, and energy displayed on the occasion. Lieutenant-General Smith left here yesterday morning for Monroe. Since his departure, your dispatch of the 24th of June, detailing further successes by the gallant troops of your command, has been received, a copy of which was immediately sent him. I regret the general is not here, that I might be the medium of communication for conveying to you what I am sure would be the renewed assurances of his high appreciation of your skill and energy, and that of Colonel Major, and the valor of the troops in your command.

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ.,Numbers 177. Houston, Tex., June 1, 1863.

* * * *

V. Acting Brigadier General X. B. Debray is hereby relieved from duty in command of the Eastern Sub-District, and will resume the command of Galveston Island.

VI. Acting Brigadier General P. N. Luckett is hereby assigned to the command of the Eastern Sub-District during the absence of Brigadier-General Scurry, whose officers will remain on duty with him.

Upon being relieved by General Scurry, General Luckett will assume command of his brigade.

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, Tex., July 2, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE, Commanding Western Sub-District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to direct that you use every possible exertion to procure small-arms and ammunition for our forces in this department. You will see from the inclosures, A and B,* from Lieutenant-General Smith, how important it is that these arms should be procured, and that no steps that can secure them should be neglected. If you can get them without resorting to impressment, so much the better, but, if not, you will get them regardless of the consequences, but strictly in accordance with the inclosed instructions from Lieutenant-General Smith* and the provisions of the impressment bill. The cotton to be impressed is that of speculators and Government contractors, but you will not, under any circumstances, impress the cotton of planters, the cotton belonging to the State of Texas, or the cotton belonging to the country associations for the benefit of the soldiers' families. The general commanding directs that you establish your headquarters at some point where you will be able to fully superintend this business, and that you communicate with him as frequently as possible on this subject. You will please, therefore, general, use your best energies in procuring these arms and ammunition, and so important are they that their cost is a matter of secondary consideration.

The inclosed confidential letter (Numbers 360)* to the general from Lieutenant

---------------

*Inclosures not identified.

---------------

