HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, Houston, Tex., July 3, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,Commanding Western Sub-District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to state that in consideration of the great importance of meeting the demands made on us on the Rio Grande for cotton, especially by the ships now lying off our coast, and the still greater necessity and importance of procuring arms, he thinks, upon mature reflection, that you presence is absolutely necessary at or near Brownsville. He therefore suggests and requests that you establish your headquarters at or near Bronwsville for the next few months, at least, so that you may superintend fully this business. The letters from Lieutenant-General Smith on this subject indicate that such are his views. Your knowledge of Mexican character and affairs renders your presence of the greatest advantage.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- Should sickness in Brownsville take the form of an epidemic, you can remove to some neighboring place, the preservation of your health being of greater importance than anything else.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, Houston, Tex., July 3, 1863.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH,Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your several communications of the 27th ultimo, and to inform you that, in accordance with your instructions, I have directed General Bee to take the necessary steps for securing a sufficient quantity of cotton to meet our demands on the Rio Grande. I also furnished him with copies of your letters, and I beg leave to assure you, general, that neither General Bee nor myself will neglect any means of securing the ends to be obtained.

In reference to the impressment of slave labor and the hiring of negroes to take the places of soldiers detailed as teamsters, I have the honor to state that I had in a measure anticipated your views by sending agents through the country to hire them. I have also appointed Captain [H. B.] Andrews, of an unattached cavalry company, chief of the bureau of labor,and he is now using every exertion to secure negroes both for work on the fortifications and as teamsters. I shall, however, in obedience to your instructions, not resort to impressment until after the gubernatorial election.

I am, general, respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Monroe, La., July 4, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

GENERAL: Major-General Magruder writes to me that the agent of the Treasury Department for the purchasing of cotton informs him

