
that a large amount of Government cotton purchased at low prices, and in fine condition, is in the parishes of Rapides and Avoyelles, La. He says the agent inform him that the above cotton was purchased for the Treasury Department, but only requires an order on Major McKee to transfer it to a quartermaster's agent. As a large amount of cotton is required on the Rio Grande to carry out the contracts of the Government, and as the fall of Vicksburg is inevitable, and as said parishes will fall, in all probability, in the possession of the enemy, I have thought it proper to give the requisite order to said agent, Major McKee, to transfer the cotton to a quartermaster, and attend (if he would do so) to the transportation to Houston via Sabine River and railroad. I give this information for the benefit of Treasury Department.

Respectfully,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, Houston, Tex., July 4, 1863.

To the Planters of Texas:

In view of the dangers which threaten our country, rendering it absolutely necessary that every able-bodied man should be in the rank,the major-general commanding this district urgently requests the planters of the state to lend him their assistance in what is absolutely necessary to the strengthening of our forces in the field. The army is materially weakened by large details, necessary in the transportation department of the army proper, as teamsters, and their services are now required with their regiments, and in order that this may be effected their places must be supplied by negroes. The major-general commanding therefore appeals to the patriotism of the people, and pegs that they will cheerfully come forward and hire their slaves to the Government for this purpose. Their slaves will be well cared for, the duty is light, and their services will be liberally paid for, and the major-general commanding earnestly hopes that the planters, whose interests he has ever carefully guarded, will promptly meet this call, and save him from the necessity of resorting to impressment.

These slaves will not be sent west of the San Antonio River, as the teamsters beyond that river will be either conscripts or detailed soldiers. Quartermasters who have detailed teamsters are authorized to send agents through the country in their immediate vicinity to call on the planters for negroes, and will immediately return to their regiments all detailed soldiers or conscripts whose places have been supplied.

By order of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,

No. 24. Shreveport, La., July 4, 1863.

I. In obedience to General Orders, No. 70, Paragraph II, Section 1, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, Va. (current series), regimental commissaries within the Department of Trans-Mississippi will, without delay, transfer all money, effects,and property in their possession, appertaining to the subsistence department, to the regimental quartermaster of their respective regiments, who will hereafter

