
District of Louisiana to that place. I inclose herewith an order* for the exemption of teamsters who furnish their own teams which are to be employed in hauling the cotton. You will make such use of the inclosed order as you may think best to secure the purpose intended.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

MONROE, LA., July 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of to-day received; also General Magruder's letter. General Smith says:

Dispatch General Magruder that he is absent from headquarters, opposite Vicksburg, and does not know exactly how long he will be obliged to remain here.

Possible he will not be able to meet him at Rusk exactly at the time fixed. On his arrival at Alexandria, he will dispatch him by courier the exact time when he can be at the point designated. Give exemptions to such citizens of Calcasieu and other parishes as may have wagons,and be willing to haul with them for the indicated purpose, provided, of course, that the other arrangements are made.

If Major McKee desires to turn over to Major Bloomfield the cotton of which General Magruder speaks, give him the order; and if Major McKee will take charge of the cotton to Houston, get him to do so. The quartermaster will give such aid as he can in the way of transportation.

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant,and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 3, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS:

Brigadier-General Steele reports, July 1, that [James G.] Blunt is marching from Kansas with 2,000 men and four pieces of artillery, to re-enforce Fort Gibson. Cabell is ordered back from Northwestern Arkansas, to unite with Stand Watie on the west side of Grand River. Steele apprehends he may not be able to withstand Blunt, and, if he has to fall back, expects to lose the Indian brigade, by dispossession, and he asks Lieutenant-General Smith to aid him with any unemployed troops he may have in Northern Texas. No news from Lieutenant-General Holmes.

W. B. BLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ.,

Houston, Tex., July 6, 1863.

To all Quartermaster in the District:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to direct that you will send forthwith an agent or agents through the country in your immediate vicinity, for the purpose of hiring, of the planters, negroes, to be substituted for the detailed soldiers and conscripts now in your employ as teamsters, and that you will return to their regiments all detailed soldiers whose places have been supplied. Conscripts will, in like manner, be returned to the nearest conscript camp.

You will report to these headquarters the result of your efforts; also the names of all planters refusing to respond to the appeal of the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

