HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT, &amp;C., Galveston, Tex., July 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General BEE, Commanding First Division:

SIR: Your communications received. In reply, I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that your General Orders, No. 1, is approved. Major Russell, your chief quartermaster, will not leave the Rio Grande,however, until further orders from these headquarters. Your command will be designated the First Division.

You will instruct Brigadier-General Bankhead to report directly to these headquarters,on account of being removed at a distance from your headquarters,but will furnish you copies of all returns and reports.

He will remain, as heretofore, under you command,but will send his returns and reports direct to these headquarters for information, always furnishing you a copy of such papers, to be consolidated in your sub-district returns for the month. If they cannot be obtained by you in time you, will send your returns promptly to these headquarters, where the returns of Brigadier-General Bakhead will be incorporated. The general expects that you will spare no efforts to make your returns in good time. The returns for June are now due.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]- Your views in regard to Colonel Woods taking command of First Brigade are approved.

Lieutenant-General Smith, by a subsequent communication, extended "munitions of war" to "all supplies for army purposes" on board Sea Queen. This information has been communicated to you by letter several days since.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, July 14, 1863.

General E. KIRBY SMITH, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of the Navy has made application to this Department for the use of the two heavy guns captured on the Indianola, with a view at once to make efficient a gunboat constructed at Shreveport. As several guns belonging to the navy have been turned over to us elsewhere, and it is, besides, most probable that they can be more advantageously used at this juncture by the navy, I desire, unless imperative military considerations,of which you must be the judge, forbid, that the guns referred to be turned over to such officer as the Secretary of the Navy shall indicate, for the use of that Department.

With high esteem, most truly yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA, Berwick, July 14, 1863.

Major E. SURGET, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Your dispatches of the 10th and 11th came to hand. I had received from New Orleans news of the fall of Vicksburg. I trust the doubts you express may be well founded. Port Hudson surrendered on the 9th [8th] instant literally from starvation. The plan I had arranged

