
this part of Havana, in order to secure return cargoes of meat and other necessary supplies for our army. The steamer Crescent, owned by the Government, is about to sail for Havana, under a contract made by my predecessor,and modified by me. The whole of her return cargo will be for the use of the army,and will consist chiefly of arms, ammunition, and meat. Should she make the run safely to and from Havana, I recommend that authority be given me to send her out again,entirely on Government account. She has carried 200 bales of cotton, and will start to-night with 180 bales, but 150 bales will be the maximum limit of any cargo I shall send by her. The great importance of accumulating military here by every means induces me to make this application.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., July 16, 1863.

Brigadier General C. J. POLIGNAC:

GENERAL: You are hereby directed to remain at Grand Ecore with your brigade until further orders from these headquarters. You will endeavor to put Grand Ecore in a state of defense.

By command of Lieutenant-General Smith:

W. R. BOGGS,Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

SHREVEPORT, LA., July 16, 1863.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Monroe, La.:

Move with your command in the direction of Grand Ecore.

By command of Lieutenant-General Smith:

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, Fort Brown, Tex., July 16, 1863.

Captain E. P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston, Tex.:

SIR: I have the honor to report my arrival at this place on the 15th instant. I at once prohibited the further exportation of cotton, and called upon the owners, and agents of owners, of all cotton, to report to me the amount, &amp;c., on hand, which, when received, will enable me to move advisedly.

I need scarcely say to you that I am best with perplexities and annoyances, and that great excitement prevails in the community, and many difficulties and obstacles are arising, probably not contemplated by the major-general commanding. My greatest apprehension now is, that the parties interested will not receive the impressed cotton in payment for their goods, as it is asserted that such as is owned in Mexico

8 R R-VOL XXVI, PT II

