
commanding officer at Niblett's Bluff to arrest all officers and soldiers who may attempt to cross without permission from the proper authorities.

I understand that your foundry and arsenal at Houston are prepared to make ammunition for rifled guns. I have sixteen 3-inch rifled guns in my command, and all the ammunition for them has already been issued. If in your power, I would respectfully suggest and request that you will cause to be manufactured a supply of this kind of ammunition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

[P. S.]- Our batteries are greatly in need of artillery harness, and, if practicable, I would be glad if you would have a supply manufactured.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, Rusk, Cherokee County, July 20, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,Commanding Western Sub-District, Brownsville:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 9th instant, and in reply I am instructed by the major-general commanding to state that from the fact of your being the commanding officer of the sub-district where the cotton trade is being principally carried on, is a paramount reason why you should superintend that business. It is a matter of vital to the Government, requiring the attention of officers best acquainted with the subject, and, though the major-general commanding would with pleasure relieve you from what he knows is an unpleasant duty, he cannot intrust it to any officer under your rank.

Colonel Bradfute was placed in command of the coast and its defenses and ordered to report to you. He is in command of Colonel Hobby's regiment, and all the troops on the coast from Corpus Christi to Matagorda, including the four companies of Wood's regiment, which are to be considered as detached from Colonel Wood's regiment and not under his command.

Colonel Bradfute is, therefore, only under your orders and not Colonel Wood's his command being separate and distinct. We are here to meet General E. Kirby Smith, and will return to Houston in a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Ordnance Office, Richmond, July 22, 1863.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: It has been concluded to send o ne of the vessels of the War Department direct from Bermuda to Texas, with arms for the Trans-Mississippi generally, and especially for the Department of Texas.

Mr. Mohl, who brought to me General Magruder's letter recommending

