
tion one or two of the cavalry regiments ordered to Louisiana as soon as they can be spared from General Taylor's command.

I would suggest for your consideration the propriety of dividing the Sub-District of Eastern Texas, and of sending an efficient officer to the command of the Northern Sub-District.

I am, general, respectfully, yours,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Port Hudson, La., May 20, 1863.

Captain T. M. COCHRAN,Commanding Forces, Tangipahoa:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will assume command of the troops at Tangipahoa until an officer, your senior, shall arrive, and proceed to organize your command as rapidly as possible. He would send you re-enforcements, but, in consequence of the enemy's advance in force in his front, it is not possible for him to do so. You will find inclosed an order for the impressment of forces.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JOHN S. LANIER,]

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., May 20, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have ordered al the boats at this place to Grand Ecore, prepared to transport Walker's division from that point on the 22d. You can give such orders as you deem best.

I would suggest that the infantry and artillery, if possible, with the baggage, be transported to Cotile; the wagons can cross at Grand Encore, and, being light, will travel rapidly by the road to the same point. Major [Thomas P.] Ochiltree, of your staff, goes with the first boat. Instructions can be sent to him regarding the movement.

Very respectfully,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., May 20, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR:

GENERAL: I have done all in my power to expedite the movement of Walker's division. He will, however, arrive too late to materially impede the enemy in their retreat.

Should General Banks have secured his movement beyond the power of interruption by you, I would suggest the expediency of operating with your force on the Mississippi--on General Grant's line of communication. Should General Banks have crossed the Mississippi with the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

