
for their wants, it would be better that the gallant fellows who in Virginia and the west have toiled for long months amid privation and danger should be allowed to return to taste the endearments of home, and the these men should take their places.

The necessity for troops is so pressing that the full extent of this call will be required,and in the future calls that will have to made to meet the deficit arising from the large list of exempts and furloughed men, the burden will heavily upon the class who are willing to serve the country. It is but just to them that every citizen to do duty should be subject to the draft, and,if drafted, placed in the field. The large number of them who will necessarily be exempt, as well as the number of discharged and disabled soldiers, will surely supply the actual necessities of the country; and I trust that no mistaken idea of humanity or regard for the feelings of those who have thus far known but little of troubles incident to war will dictate a policy which will allow so many to escape service.

There are but few soldiers' families but would prefer to provide for themselves,that those who have till now enjoyed the comforts of home may share the dangers of their brethren in the field; and when such patriotism is exhibited, the county courts should themselves see that their wants are supplied.

I am instructed by Lieutenant-General Smith to make speedy arrangements for the concentration of the available forces of the State at Nacogdoches. The State troops will be ordered to repair to that place as soon as their organization is complete. A through cavalry officer, Brigadier-General Gano, from the army of General Morgan, has been assigned to the organization of that arm of service in the State troops, and I expect to place all the departments in as competent hands. Orders have been issued from the concentration of supplies there,and every means will be adopted to bring to bear all the resources at my command to make them efficient. No one can be more impressed with your genuine patriotism than myself, and I am convinced that you humanity is equal to your patriotism, I feeling it my duty to guard you against yielding to the dictates of the latter when the result would be disastrous to the country --- defense of the country, it is my promise to know the danger [sic]. I rely much upon your efforts, knowing that the earnest desires is to further any measures intended to avert it. With an army in the field calculated by its numbers to make the enemy cautious how they invade us, we may escape invasion altogether this year. Without such an army, our very weakness will invite attack.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding, &amp;c.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, &C., Near Millican, July 30, 1863.

Major A. G. DICKINSON,A. A. G.,and Comdr.of Post. San Antonio:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to revoke all orders given you in regard to the impressment of cotton.

The general directs, however, that you take at once the necessary steps to take, strictly in accordance with the law, the assessment of 8 per cent. of cotton, when assessed, you will hold this for the Government.

