
You will pursue this course in regard to all cotton in and near San Antonio, and between that place and Eagle Pass.

You will proceed to the execution of this matter at once, so as to secure the full benefit of this law.

If the owner offers to give security for the payment of the law in money, that of course, will be refused,for we need the cotton. If he refuse to deliver up the cotton when assessed, the 8 per cent. will be, impressed, in accordance with the provisions of the "impressment act," and held by you subject to the general's orders. You will systematize this matter as soon as possible, and report progress, &amp;c., to these headquarters from time to time.

It is possible that cotton may be diverted and taken out by Laredo, and hence you will secure the interest of the Government in that quarter by means of these two acts, viz, the "impressment bill" and the "law in regard to tax in kind."

The general wishes you to send a messenger to Governor Vidaurri with a copy of the "tax law," and state that Major-General Magruder has not allowed the "impressment law" to operate against his subjects, and does not desire to do anything which would interfere with the trade in that quarter, which, should be preserved. State to him that the "tax law" is the law of the land,and that the general collects the 8 per cent.on cotton to secure this to the Government and prevent it from being taken from the country.

I am,major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., July 31, 1863.

Major General DABNEY H. MAURY,

Mobile, Ala.:

A telegram from General Johnston states that no present purpose of attack on Mobile seems contemplated; the exigencies of the service elsewhere do not allow a return of troops to you without imminent danger of attack. Report the number and kinds of troops under your command: we wish to judge and provide for your needs.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, &C., Near Millican, July 31, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that the fall of Vicksburg necessitates some slight change in the disposition of troops near Corpus Christi.

You will, therefore, cause the remaining companies of Woods' regiment (six in all,two having been ordered to Corpus Christi and two to Lavaca) to be stationed at some eligible point on the Guadalupe River,say about 25 miles from Powder Horn,to support Colonel Bradfute and the purpose of supporting Corpus Christi or any other point in that vicinity, should it be threatened. If it be needed farther up the coast,

