
this regiment can thus be easily marched to Corpus Christi,and transported by the inland navigation.

The general bids me say that he desires you to adhere rigidly to the orders in regard to stationing troops,and that whenever latitude or discretion is intended, it will always be given you in the order. In regard to matters touching the affairs on the Rio Grande, he wishes you to exercise your full discretion, always, however, acting in such manner as to secure the end proposed.

I have the honor to be,general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Abstract from returns of the District of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, Major General J. B. Magruder, C. S. Army,commanding,for July 31, 1863.

Present for duty.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Aggregate

 	 	 present.

Eastern Sub-	 251	 3,473	 5,031

District

Northern Sub-	 65	 568	 753

District

Western Sub-	 99	 1,512	 1,891

District

Total	 415	 5,553 	 7,675

Pieces of artillery.

Command.	 Aggregate present	 Heavy.	 Field.

 and absent.

Eastern Sub-	 7,095	 21 	 8

District

Northern Sub-	 1,257	 ---	 4

District

Western Sub-	 2,376	 11	 17

District

Total	 10,728	 32	 29

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., August 1, 1863.

Major General DABNEY H. MAURY,

Commanding, Mobile, Ala.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 16th ultimo,after being read with interest by myself, was submitted to the consideration of the President. Upon it he has made the following indorsement:

The removal of non-combatants may well be postponed until an attack is proximate. The preparation, by completion of works and collection of supplies and munitions, should be pressed vigorously. The increase of this garrison should be studied now; the movement may be made when the intent of the enemy is better developed.

I have received a telegram from General Johnston, informing me that, from the reports of scouts, he did not anticipate an early attack on Mobile. I hope the respite thus allowed will enable you to strengthen your defenses and prepare for an attack, which will almost assuredly be made at no distant day. You will observe particularly the direction of the President as to the collection of supplies and munitions. To judge both in relation to these and the forces which it may be incumbent in case of need, as far as practicable, to send you, I should be much pleased to receive full reports of the stock of provisions at your command, and of the troops of various arms which you either have or can speedily summon for the defense of Mobile.

With high esteem,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

9 R R-VOL XXVI, PT II

