
MORTON, MISS., August 2, 1863.

His Excellency J. G. SHORTER, Montgomery:

I respectfully ask what force, if any, you can furnish for the defense of Mobile? The garrison needs re-enforcements greatly. I telegraphed you on the subject on the 24th but suppose that my dispatch was not received. In consequence of your message by Governor Moore, I desired Major-General Maury to apply to you for negroes to labor on intrenchments, as well as commanding officer at Demopolis.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS, Morton, Miss., August 2, 1863.

His Excellency J. G. SHORTER,Governor of Alabama:

SIR: I have just had the honor to receive your letter of the 28th ultimo. I telegraphed to you on the 24th July, and again this morning,in relation to the troops you have raised for local defense. I can imagine no more appropriate services for them than repelling such a raid as you apprehend, and,therefore, promise that they shall be so employed, if service offers, as soon as they come under my control. Such other aid as may be necessary and practicable shall be given by the troops now in this department. But it would probably be advantageous to me in this connection to have information in your possession of the probable force to be employed in this raid,and the point from which it is to move. I should also be glad to know what force you have raised under the President's recent call, and its state of organization and location.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,No. 145. Morton, Miss., August 3, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Brigadier General G. J. Rains will repair to Mobile without delay, with such officers of his staff and men of his party as may be necessary in the especial duties assigned him. He will confer with the commanding officer for this purpose.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

No. 35. Shreveport, La., August 3, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. A. Broadwell is announced as chief of the cotton bureau for the Department of Trans-Mississippi. All Government agents for the purchase, collection, or other disposition of Government cotton are directed to report to and receive their instructions from Lieutenant-Colonel Broadwell.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

