
men from twenty-for to forty should be embraced, and shall repeat this recommendation.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

P. S.- I have issued orders from the impressment of the slaves called for at Mobile and Demopolis.

[AUGUST 6, 18683.- For Boggs to Magruder, directing brigade at Bonham to join Steele at Fort Smith; and to Taylor, directing all spare arms to be sent to same point, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, pp.954,955.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, Fort Brown, Tex., August 6, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston, Tex.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the inclosed report of Mr. A. Superviele, special agent dispatched by me,after consultation with the major-general commanding, in the mouth of December last, to communicate with naval officers of France.

It appears that, after reaching Vera Cruz, although at the time of his appointment the French were supposed to be at Tampico, he ascertained that it was necessary to proceed to Pueblo and communicate with General Forey.

The result of his mission is embodied in the report. The mission appears to me to have been of great service, as ascertaining the sentiments of the French minister at Mexico and of the officers generally of the army, and also the distinct and clear expression of sympathy of Almonte, Woll, and other leaders of the Franco-Mexican party now in power in Mexico.

the sentiments of these leaders correspond with the personal assurances received by me from General Miramon (when in Brownsville), who is destined to play an importance part in the future of Mexico. I have thought this report of the good feeling of the French and Mexicans toward us as partially useful at this moment, as future events may render it necessary to use our powerful friends to save us from a worse fate.

The National Guard of Matamoras left for the Boca del Rio yesterday to meet the anticipated arrival of the French, as rumors are current that they may be expected at any time.

I am very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

[Inclosure.]

BROWNSVILLE, TEX., July 31, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE:

GENERAL: In conformity with the orders and instructions which you handed me at San Antonio, and dated January 1, 1863, I reported immediately

