
to Colonel Luckett, then in that city,and on the 4th of the same month we left together that place for Brownsville,when, on the way, we learned that the renegades,who had gathered on the Mexican side of the Rio Grande, had crossed the river, destroyed a Government train,and killed some of the wagoners.

We reached Brownsville on the 19th of the same month and on the same day, in execution of the verbal order of Colonel Luckett, I crossed the river and paid a visit to Governor Albino Lopez, who, a few days before, had pledged his word to me to destroy all gatherings of runaways on the Mexican side. Governor Lopez, who could not deny the violation of our territory, protested his good faith and positive will to stop its continuance,and in order to prove the same to me, and what he had done to stop the repetition of such violence, he conducted me to the prefectura, and showed me all the different original orders issued by him to that effect. He added that he had gathered a certain number of soldiers, and that on the same evening his gefe military would leave the city at the head of a force, to seize upon all men who could not give sufficient proof of an honorable living, and send them out of the country.

There was not at that time in the port of Matamoras any ship consigned for Tampico, and the news had arrived that the French had evacuated that place. I was then compelled to look for some way of transportation to Havana, and found that the French ship Malabar was the first ready to leave for that port.

On the 23rd of the same month, I went down to the Boca del Rio, remained there two days, and had the satisfaction to see about 160 of the renegades, sent by the Mexican authorities, on board of an armed Yankee transport.

One the evening of the 24th, I crossed the bar on board of the boat of the Malabar, and on board of the vessel I met with Colonel Lamar, commissioner to Russia, and who had left San Antonio the day before I did.

After a stormy passage, we reached Havana on the evening of the 3rd of February, and my first care on arriving was to seek for a vessel bound for Vera Cruz. But communication between both those sea-ports was at that time almost stopped. I found but one single schooner advertised for Vera Cruz, and when I left Havana, on board of the English steamer on the 22nd of the same month,she was lying in the port.

In spite of all prudence and secrecy, it was known before I left that there was in the city some agent of the Confederate Government.

The consul-general of France being without knowledge of my mission, and whom I had the pleasure to meet several times in Havana, sent Hon. Pierre Soule to express his wish to have a conference with me. I went accordingly to see him, and, after introducing myself, I have him to understand that our sympathy toward the French Government was the cause of my mission, explaining to him in a general way that I had it in view to facilitate of procuring mules for transportation and furnishing provisions much needed by them in the Mexican expedition, and also the means of keeping alive their cotton manufactories, suffering greatly for the want of raw material.

The consul answered that he would soon communicate to this Government all these propositions, which, in this opinion,were of great importance, and would be thankfully received.

I learned from him that Mr. De Saligny, who, according to newspaper reports, has been called back to France, was in Mexico, near General Forey, as adviser for all operations not in contact with military matters;

