
He treated us a little roughly,but I stood to him high,and, instead of being sent to the common jail, I obtained from him permission to pass the night in a private room adjoining the jail, and he pledged himself to communicate with the Governor that same night; in fact, he called on me about 10 o'clock, and brought me word from the Governor how sorry he was about what had taken place,and that he was too much engaged that night to call on me, but that he would do so on the following morning, and at the same time the Governor sent me from his private house all the necessary bedding for the night. The next morning he sent an officer to my order, to put at my disposal everything necessary,and at 8.30 o'clock in the morning he sent for my by a clerk at the jefatura.

He received me there, surrounded by the authorities of the place, and expressed his great surprise that I should come direct from a French frigate on the Mexican soil. My answer was that I was a Texan, and a neutral, &amp;c.

He was very anxious to know who was the gentleman with me. I told him that he was a secretary I had engaged at Vera Cruz, because I could not use my right arm.

His conduct altogether was very amicable and polite toward me,and, after giving him all the explanations he wanted, he required me to go back to the room which had been assigned me,and that he would settle the matter as soon as possible,and,if he could, during the day. To this proposition I gave an unconditional denial, telling him that as long as I had been before a port-warden, who did not know me,and to whom I could misrepresent any fact; as long as I had been before a gefe politico (then present), to whom I could do the same,and who had treated me roughly enough; as long as I had not received any personal violence, I would not think of complaining of what had passed; but that when I found myself in the presence of the Governor of the State, who knew me personally,and also knew by experience in what quality I was traveling,one minute more of detention would be considered an injury to the Confederacy and its flag; that I required from him to be set free immediately or be sent back to prison, he running the risks resulting from such proceeding; that certainly I would not go back to the place they brought me from, except by force and under protest against such violence. My strong language produced and immediate effect on the Governor and the authorities around him,and I was directly restored to liberty.

I hurried to cross the river with my companion,and called immediately on the commanding officer. I learned then, because of the sickly season, this place had been nearly evacuated by the troops; that he had himself just received the command, and, that,in fact, he knew but little about the previous transactions here. I introduced my companion, explaining to him who he was, the object of his coming, and asked him if he knew anything about the arrival of arms from England, giving him my reasons for making such inquiry. His answer was that he knew as little about that as the rest; that we were expecting for a long time arms from various parts, but that none had arrived; that nevertheless there was a ship advertised in the London Shipping Gazette which was loaded with arms for us,and he referred to the copy of it in his possession.

As the came of the ship to be seized had not been given to me by the captain, I made a note of the matter, and,handing the Gazette to the lieutenant, I asked from him as a favor to hand it over to the captain of the frigate, which he promised to do. In the absence of other

