
documents, it was all I could do on the subject in order to justify a claim which we might make one day if it was necessary.

After two days' stay among us, the lieutenant started back on our side of the river, and I learned afterward by my agents that he had reached the frigate in safety, and that during his stay among us the frigate had seized upon the Goodyear, with 10,000 stand of arms-the same vessel that I had pointed out to the lieutenant. I have forgotten to mention, in my last communication with Mr. De Saligny, I remarked to him that the many delays I had suffered in my trip, together with those of the expedition, ought necessarily to have changed the number of bales of cotton I had mentioned as disposable of in Texas; that probably the quantity would be more or less reduced, and that consequently I could not guarantee to him, as at first, the number of 300,000.

Such, general, are the various circumstances of my mission, with the best results that my efforts have been able to obtain. I regret much not to have been able to do any better, but I can assure you that I have never lost either time or care to reach the aim proposed. I must excuse myself that this written report reaches you so late; but the condition in which I have been personally since leaving Pueblo prevented my doing any writing, together with a serious attack of bilious fever, which kept me here confined in bed for several days, and have been cause of my not coming forward sooner with it.

Receive, general, with the expression of my highest consideration, the assurance of my respects.

A. SUPERVIELE.

P. S.-It appears to me of the greatest importance to add to the foregoing report what I have overlooked, viz, that when I bid my last farewell to General Almonte, who so far had shown so much friendship for me and good-will for the Confederacy, he told me to communicate to the authorities at the head of the Confederacy that if he, Almonte, had anything to do with the new Government that was about to be created in Mexico, he expected to prove himself the true friend of the Confederacy, and that he would be ready at all times to do for her any thing in his power which was compatible with the dignity and welfare of Mexico.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.

Near Millican, August 7, 1863.

Colonel W. R. BRADFUTE,Indianola:

SIR: I am directed by Major-General Magruder to say that you will concentrate Woods' regiment-that is, the six companies now with Colonel Woods-at a suitable point on the Guadalupe River, say 25 miles from Indianola, in supporting distance of your coast line, near Lavaca.

The general directs that should the enemy attack you in force, and you be unable to hold your position, in your judgment, you will withdraw all the guns on wheels, for they are needed for the defense of the interior. If all the guns cannot be removed, you will spike the siege guns and leave them; also spike any other guns which you may be compelled to leave through necessity.

With the ordinary force of the enemy in your front, you will be able to hold the positions on the coast with a few cannon in position,

