
cargo, consisting of about 700 stand of small-arms, was captured by the enemy at sea; another cargo of 12,000 stand was seized by the French, as alluded to above, and the remainder of the contracts have not been yet fulfilled for want of time.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LABOR BUREAU,

Houston, August 9, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Inclosed you will find a letter from Mr. F. W. Rhine, with the indorsement of Major S. Hart, which is hereby respectfully submitted to the major-general commanding for his consideration and action thereon. If the major-general should determine upon complying with the request of Major Hart, I will at once issue the necessary orders and instructions for the impressment of the negroes in the counties of Bowie, Red River, Cass, Upshur, Wood, and Titus. I would require an order upon General Bankhead for a detail of men from his command to carry out my orders. Mr. Rhine, I understand, is awaiting a reply to this application in San Antonio.

Very respectfully,

H. B. ANDREWS,

Captain, and Chief of Labor Bureau.

[Inclosure.]

CLARKSVILLE,

July 20, 1863.

Major SIMEON HART:

DEAR SIR: I am very sorry to have inform you again of my failure in getting conscripts for teamsters, to move the cotton wagons now ready, and have been for some time, to move to the Rio Grande. As I have stated to you before, General E. K. Smith gave me an order in person to get 50 teamsters. I immediately applied to Tyler and to other enrolling officers in our district, but could not procure any, and am still trying, as I am very anxious to get a large lot of cotton to the Rio Grande for the Government. I have not less than one hundred and twenty-five wagons and cotton for your department ready to move forward, and if there is any way at all by which you can assist me in procuring conscripts, I hope you will do something immediately.

I had several applications from parties in Red River and Bowie Counties, who are planters and liable to militia duty, that they would furnish me a negro driver, providing they could be exempt as long as the negro remains in such employ, to drive a team for the Government, and I will here add, for the interest of the Government, it would be the best thing that could be done to move these wagons forward; besides, I would rather have 1 negro driver than 2 conscripts to drive a team. If you have any possible chance, procure an order from General J. B. Magruder, as the militia will be turned over to him, to give me such authority to take negro drivers from such men as may be able to furnish them, as I am extremely anxious to have these trains moved.

Your earliest attention to this is particularly requested.

I remain, yours, very respectfully,

F. W. RHINE,

Quartermaster's Agent.

