
Organization of troops in the Department of the Gulf, commanded by Major General Dabney H. Maury, C. S. Army, August 10, 1863.

Mobile, Ala.

Brigadier General JAMES CANTEY.

17th Alabama.

21st Alabama (four companies).

29th Alabama.

Hutchinson's engineer company.

Gid. Nelson Light Artillery Company.

Humes' Tennessee Light Artillery.

Ward's Alabama Battery.

2nd Alabama Artillery Battalion.

Pollard, Ala.

Colonel J. P. W. AMERINE.

54th [57th] Alabama.

Monroe's and Keyser's companies, Alabama Cavalry.

Third Battalion Florida Cavalry (Bluff Springs, Fla.).

Section Selden's light artillery company.

Montgomery, ala.,

Colonel J. H. CLANTON.

Swanson Guards.

6th Alabama Cavalry.

N. H. Clanton's battery light artillery.

Forts Morgan and Gaines.

Colonel W. L. POWELL.

21st Alabama, Second Battalion. (Fort Morgan).

First Battalion, First Confederate (Georgia). (Fort Gaines).

Baldwin Rangers (cavalry). (Camp Powell.)

City Troop (cavalry). (Camp Withers.)

Partisan Rangers (cavalry). (Fort Gaines.)

1st Alabama Artillery Battalion. (Fort Morgan and Grant's Pass.)

Detachments.

Companies on bay and river batteries, Major W. E. Burnet, commanding.

Alabama and Florida cavalry (Hall's Mills and Pascagoula, Lieutenant Colonel S. J. Murphy, commanding).

Post at Selma, Ala., Colonel W. H. Jenifer, commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Fort Brown, August 10, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c., Houston, Tex.:

SIR: Major Russell is on duty in carrying out the orders of the general commanding on the subject of obtaining cotton to pay for army supplies.

The loan to the Government at this point of 20 per cent. of all cotton is more beneficial that impressment, for after paying a reasonable freight, there would not be as much left as under the present system which is now in force, and all parties seem satisfied.

The Sea Queen has departed for Liverpool with full freight for private parties, there not being time to make any arrangement after my arrival here. The owners of the cargo of that vessel are at war with each other; two of them disavow the Bellot contract, and I feel satisfied that the credit of the Government is not and cannot be involved in the question. The contract is out of date by nearly a year, and has not been complied with by Bellot & Co. Major Russell will write you on all these subjects.

I paid an official visit on Saturday to His Excellency General Ruiz, Governor of Tamaulipas, and was most honorably received. I found him a well-informed gentleman, fully impressed with the necessity of fostering this trade, and profuse in his assurances of co-operation with me in all things necessary to promote harmony between the nationalities. On yesterday the Governor returned my visit, and was received

