
by me with all the honors due his position at my command, and he seemed much pleased. I have constant rumors of the near approach of the French; they are said to be coming by sea from Vera Cruz. Their arrival will enable me to obtain a supply of arms. I have no news of the schooner captured by them loaded with arms under the Clements contract.

There are now three gunboats off the mouth of the Rio Grande, and they are busy surveying the bar and demonstrating that we may soon expect a visit from them. I am acting on that presumption, and using all diligence in removing public property and the passage of the cotton across the river.

The Federal officers now in Matamoras from the gunboats state that General Lee has been forced farther back into Virginia, and that Ewell's army corps has been cut off from the main command and will be captured.

I have issued the necessary orders to Colonel Woods, commanding First Brigade, in compliance with your orders of July 31, 1863, requiring six companies of the Thirty-second Cavalry to encamp near Indianola, and the First Regiment to encamp near Corpus [Christi], but I beg leave most respectfully to renew my suggestions, made from Corpus Christi, that there is not sufficient grass in that vicinity for this regiment, and the limited means of transportation will not allow them to move their command from the San Antonio.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

[AUGUST 11, 1863.-For Magruder to Boggs, in relation to sending brigade to report to General Steele at Fort Smith, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p.963.]
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Near Millican, August 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I respectfully request that the batteries sent from this district to Louisiana (Captains Nichols', Gonzales', and Gibson's) be returned to my command. General Taylor has, I understand, fourteen light batteries in his command, and has applied to me for artillery ammunition, which I am furnishing him as rapidly as possible.

Captain Abat's battery being ordered to the Northern Sub-District, leaves but two in this portion of the State-Galveston.

The batteries above alluded to are, I understand, very poorly equipped, but if they are ordered to Houston they can be fitted up very rapidly.

The commanding officer at Galveston reports that the two light batteries now stationed there are not sufficient to occupy the salient of the field works already completed, and more extensive ones are in process of construction. I hope, therefore, that the lieutenant-general commanding will think proper to comply with this request.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

