
extract from a dispatch to General Taylor, from his aide-de-camp, P. E. Bumford:

General Weitzel mentioned to Judge Boyce that Hunter with his corps and the monitors were expected at New Orleans, to co-operate in the attack on Port Hudson. Dr. Taylor told me he heard a Federal officer read from a late city paper the announcement of Hunter's arrival.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, owing to th presence of the enemy, military regulations have become necessary to the preservation of the individual as well as Government hereby declares martial law in the counties of Calhoun, Refugio, San Patricio, and Nueces.

This proclamation is not intended to interfere with the courts of law in the discharge of their ordinary duties. Colonel A. M. Hobby is charged with the execution of this order, and will appoint provost-marshals in the several counties.

By command of Major General J. B. Magruder:

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

The above was written at Corpus Christi, May 21, to be issued, if necessary, in the future.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 13. Shreveport, La., May 23, 1863.

The following officers are announced upon the staff of the lieutenant-general commanding:

Colonel William H. Trader, volunteer aide-de-camp.

Major G. M. Bryan, assistant adjutant-general.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

H. P. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers 140. Steamer Lucy Gwin, May 23, 1863.

I. So much of Special Orders, Numbers 139, Paragraph III, as directs Colonel A. M. Hobby to place a gun and detachment sufficient to protect her, is hereby rescinded. Major D. D. Shea, commanding Lavaca, is charged with the duty of placing a gun detachment for this purpose from his command on board the steamer Lucy Gwin. She will be used, if occasion requires, in conjunction with the steamer Cora, in making an attack on the enemy when Colonel Hobby may deem it necessary.

II. Colonel [W. R.] Bradfute is hereby placed in command of the troops embraced in the command of Colonel A. M. Hobby at Corpus Christi, and Lieutenant Colonel D. D. Shea at Lavaca. The command of Colonel Bradfute

