
showing the supplies on hand here up to this date, and the available forces.

I sent Major [E. H] Cummins, of the Adjutant and Inspector General's Department, in order that the Department might learn fully form him the condition of affairs here. If he has reached you, there will be no necessity, probably, for any other communications on the subject under consideration, for he is very accurately informed as to all of my resources and wants.

There are indications reported to me to-day which seem to point to preparations for attack of Mobile.

During several days past there has been unusual activity about Ship Island. Twelve vessels have been there instead of five, the usual number, and at the same time rumors come from New Orleans of an early attack.

In view of these, this garrison should be increased as soon as other exigencies of the service will admit, and very great activity should be used in supplying me with the ordnance stores I have called for.

I again urge the importance of aiding the admiral of the station to procure men for his fleet. His crews are weak, and he has not been able to procure transfers from the army, not because of want of men desiring transfer, but from the reluctance of their officers to part with them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Mobile, August 13, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE G. GARNER,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: The accompanying statement will show the requisitions made on Richmond and Selma for ordnance and ordnance stores, the receipts since 1st of July last, and the balance yet to be supplied, taking as a basis the estimate of Major [W. E.] Burnet, chief of artillery, of 400 rounds for the columbiad and 800 rounds for most of the other guns.

Urgent applications have been made to Selma, and, from the tenor of Colonel [J. L.] White's advises, we may expect to receive at an early day from that arsenal additional supplies of those stores, marked thus: X.

The statement does not include requisition for fifteen 12-pounder field guns, with carriages, implements, equipments, and ammunition (complete); eight 12-pounder Napoleon guns, with carriages, caissons, implements, and ammunition.

The two batteries of Napoleon guns have been ordered here and may be soon expected.

I have no information respecting the fifteen 12-pounder field guns, &c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY MYERS,

Major, and Chief of Ordnance, Department of the Gulf.

11 R-VOL XXVI, PT II

