HEADQUARTERS,Morton, Miss., August 13, 1863.

Major General DABNEY H. MAURY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Mobile, Ala.:

Your telegram expressing the information you have received of intended Federal attack upon Mobile has just reached me. McNair's brigade is at Meridian; Maxey's and Gregg's at Enterprise; all so placed to be in readiness to re-enforce your garrison on the first demonstration against Mobile by the enemy. Should such a demonstration be made, telegraph to those officers and to me at the same time; and take measures with the officers of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad for the employment of all the means of that company in the transportation of those troops and another brigade or two, should it be practicable to furnish them. Each of these brigades has a field battery. If I can render you any other assistance in preparing to receive the enemy properly, tell me how.

What amount of subsistence stores have you on hand? Reply by telegraph.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

MOBILE, ALA.,

August 13, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

Four months' supplies for 10,000 men, and increasing.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 13, 1863.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &c., Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 9th, relating to arms seized by French blockading squadron, Lieutenant-General Smith directs that you will take all possible me assures to secure the return of the arms, and desires me to say, in representing the importance of something being done, that one-third of the organized forces in Arkansas are and have been unarmed.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,Near Millican, August 13, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Commanding Western Sub-District:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that, in his opinion, if an attack be made on your position at Brownsville, it will, in all probability, be under the conduct of Colonel Davis, and with such

