
of Mexico, and that vessels lying to the south of said imaginary line only are to be considered as in neutral waters.

As I had been informed by your honorable predecessor, Don Albino Lopez, that he considered all vessels that entered at the Mexican custom-house at Matamoras, and were at anchor in the open sea adjacent to the mouth of the Rio Grande, as entitled to Mexican protection, from being in neutral waters, and that construction of the treaty of limits between the two nations (as constituted at the date of the negotiations of said treaty) being recognized and respect by me, I have considered it my duty to inform Your Excellency of what I have heard, and to respectfully request that if any change of this understanding is contemplated, or if other arrangements are more suitable to Your Excellency, that you will be kind enough to inform me of them, that I may take such steps as may seem to me proper for the preservation of the rights of my Government in the premises.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Near Millican, August 15, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that the arms ordered by the lieutenant-general commanding to be sent from General Taylor's command have not yet arrived.

The immediate necessity for arms in this district being very great, I beg that the lieutenant-general commanding will direct Major-General Taylor to lose no time in sending the arms above alluded to. I see at present no chance of getting arms from any other source.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,Near Millican, August 15, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Commanding Western Sub-District:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say to you that Colonel Buchel's regiment and that portion of Woods' regiment in supporting distance of Saluria are ordered to carry out the instructions as issued and received by them from these headquarters. The disaffection exhibited at Waco and Austin, and the recent mutinous disposition shown at Galveston by the troops in garrison, render it absolutely necessary that the orders from these headquarters should be fully carried out.

In case that Saluria and Velasco should be taken by the enemy, it would necessitate the evacuation of Galveston, which is now strongly fortified, and for this reason these orders have been issued from these headquarters removing Colonel Buchel's regiment and a portion of Colonel Woods' to this district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

