
will embrace the geographical limits of both these commands. Colonel Hobby's command will extend from Cedar Bayou down the coast to the extreme southern point of the coast now in his command. The command of Lieutenant-Colonel Shea will embrace Cedar Bayou and extend north as far as it at present extends. All reports and returns will be made to regimental headquarters thence transmitted through the proper channel to the intermediate commanding officer to Brigadier General H. P. Bee, commanding Western Sub-District. For the present simply a field return will be forwarded by both these commands to Brigadier General William R. Scurry, commanding Eastern Sub-District, at Houston, Tex., Colonel Hobby and Lieutenant-Colonel Shea will report to Colonel Bradfute on his arrival.

III. Lieutenant Bailey, of the Third Regiment Texas Infantry, is hereby authorized to call upon the commanding officer of the nearest cavalry force for a detail of dragoons to assist him in enforcing the impressment law in procuring the quantity of corn absolutely necessary for the troops at Corpus Christi and Lavaca. Such detail will be accordingly furnished.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Port Hudson, La., May 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General BEALL:

GENERAL: The major-general desires to know what information you have from the front.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,T. FRIEND WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 25, 1863.

[Captain T. F. WILLSON:]

CAPTAIN: There is nothing of importance from the front. One hour since some cavalry and infantry, small body, made a move in front of the advanced work. A few shells drove them back. There is slight skirmishing near Slaughter's house.

Respectfully,

W. N. P. BEALL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS BEALL'S BRIGADE, Near Breastworks on Jackson Road, May 25, 1863.

Captain T. F. WILLSON,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Since daybreak there have been a great many shots fired in the woods on the left of the breastworks and in rear of the mail. I am convinced that the men are firing at long range and hastily, and are wasting much valuable ammunition. I make this report for the information of the major-general commanding.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General.

2 R R-VOL XXVI, PT II

