
entirely to that discretion and wisdom which have heretofore characterized General Bee's conduct, both toward that nation and the Mexicans.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER.

STATE OF TEXAS, ADJT. AND INSPR. General 'S OFFICE,

Austin, August 15, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dist. Texas, &amp;c., Piedmont Springs, Tex.:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding, in a communication of June 20th, ultimo, addressed to His Excellency the Governor, writes:

It is no doubt known to Your Excellency that the conscript officer at Brownsville, in the discharge of his duty, found it necessary, in order to secure the enrollment of those subject to conscription, to guard the avenues of departure with a military force until the enrollment was completed. Should Your Excellency, in order to accomplish the same object, desire the co-operation of the military authorities, your views will be seconded by these headquarters.

In consequence of the severe indisposition of the brigadier-general of the brigade bordering on the Rio Grande, a delay has occurred in the organization of the State troops have unavoidable, though greatly to be regretted. Measures have now been taken to insure the complete enrollment and draft, in accordance with law, and I a instructed by His Excellency the Governor to ask his co-operation, as courteously proffered, by giving such instructions to the Confederate States military commanders on that frontier as will tend to effect this desirable object.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. Y. DASHIELL,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ.,No. 219. Near Millican, August 15, 1863.

Brigadier General Henry E. McCulloch having been relieved from duty in the District of Louisiana and assigned to duty in the District of Texas, is hereby assigned, in the absence of Brigadier-General Scurry, to the command of the Eastern Sub-District of Texas, headquarters either at Houston or Galveston.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

GEO. A. MAGRUDER, Jr.,

Major, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 15, 1863.-For proceedings of a conference of the Governors of the Trans-Mississippi States at Marshall, Tex., of this date, see Smith to Davis, September 11, 1863, Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, pp.1003-1010.]
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Galveston, August 16, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

A. A. G., C. S. Army, Dist of Tex., &c., Piedmont Springs:

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that up to date everything is perfectly quiet, the

