
steamers J. F. Carr and Alama I placed in Matagorda Bay, the former at Saluria.

Inclosed please find a copy of note addressed to the commanding officer at Indianola, relative to the disposition of the J. F. Carr.* I was obliged to take the 24-pounder howitzer and long 18-pounder left at the mouth of the Brazos River on board of my boats; the 18-pounder I placed on the J. F. Carr, and the 24-pounder on board the Mary Hill. I have also on each boat one 12-pounder howitzer.

The reason I took the 18-pounder to Pass Cavallo was for my protection in case I met the enemy on my way down the coast. I was also aware it was the intention of the commanding general for me to return the 30-pounder gun to Galveston. In consideration of these circumstances, I was obliged to take the long 18-pounder to Pass Cavallo.

Since my return to this city, I have learned that the 18 and 24 pounders were to be transferred to some other point, and fearing such is the case, I would most respectfully urge that you countermand the order, and allow me to retain them in my department, as I am strongly impressed with the idea that they will be more serviceable here than elsewhere, as the enemy has many inducements to attack the weak points of our coast. With our floating batteries a very considerable defense can be made in that event, but without some large guns our boats are comparatively useless, otherwise than the moral effect they may have in preventing raids along the Gulf harbors.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEON SMITH,

Commanding Marine Department.

[AUGUST 20, 1863.-For Bankhead to Turner, in reference to General Steele's command, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p.972.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Fort Brown, Tex., August 21, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston, Tex.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a copy of communication from Major Benavides, commanding at Carrizo.

I do not feel authorized to approve the order that he has issued concerning the exportation of beef-cattle, but submit it for your action. The evil is a great one, and if it is not considered good policy to stop this traffic, it can be made very beneficial to us by the levy of tax by way of exchange.

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

[Inclosure.]

CARRIZO, TEX., August 15, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM O. YAGER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army:

SIR: I would respectfully submit the following:

The exportation of beef-cattle to Mexico on this part of the line is

---------------

*See p.171.

---------------

