
expected) arrive at Vera Cruz from France. The transports to convey them to the mouth of the river are ready and waiting at Vera Cruz. This vessel now at the mouth of the river was sent to take sounding and select a place for the landing.

The schooner Goodyear, with the arms, was at Vera Cruz, and would be given up, but she awaits the movements of the French, in order that the arms may come with safety.

General Forey and M. De Saligny have been recalled, and Mr. Magne, a distinguished and near friend of the Emperor, will be sent out with full powers, civil and military.

Mr. Superviele brings no general news, excepting that there is no intention on the part of the French to intervene in our quarrel, so far as he is informed. The French man of war was at Charleston during the last fight, and the opinion is it will fall. The captain seems to be very well disposed toward us and our cause.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-The schooner Ranger, with the arms sent by Captain Da Ponte, will be permitted to pass also.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 25, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding District of Louisiana:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith to inform you that he has ordered Colonel Major's brigade to proceed to Bonham, Tex. The officer in command will report in person at these headquarters on his way to Bonham.

He has been constrained to order this force to Northern Texas, for he regards it as the weak point of that State, and in consequence of Brigadier-General Steele's weakness and the recent strength of Blunt, the latter having been re-enforced.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GUY M. BRYAN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,No. 119. Shreveport, La., August 25, 1863.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

VI. The brigade of Texas troops, commanded by Colonel J. P. Major, now serving in Louisiana, will proceed without delay to take post at Bonham, Tex. After the brigade has commenced its movement, Colonel Major will report in person to the lieutenant-general commanding, &c., at department headquarters.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 26, 1863.-For Anderson and Boggs to Taylor, in reference to engagement of Price with a superior force near Little Rock, &c., see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p.979.]

