SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ.,No. 231. Galveston, August 27, 1863.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

IX. The Third Regiment Texas Volunteer Infantry is hereby ordered to take post as follows: One company at Houston, one company at Camp George (near Hempstead), one company at Beaumont, one company at Orange, two companies at Niblett's Bluff, four companies at Sabine Pass.

Upon the arrival of the company at Camp Groce, the company of Elmore's regiment relieved by it will at once repair to its regimental headquarters at Galveston, reporting to Colonel Emore. Griffin's battalion will also take up the line of march for Galveston, leaving one company (Captain Bickley's) to take charge of the fort at Sabine Pass.

Acting Brigadier-General Luckett will establish his headquarters at Houston, Tex., his brigade consisting of Colonel Bates' regiment, Third Regiment Texas Volunteer Infantry, and Lieutenant-Colonel Brown's battalion. He will be charged with the defense of the Sabine River and of the coast from Sabine Pass to Decrow's Point, with the exception of such points as are included in the district commanded by Acting Brigadier-General Debray.

Acting Brigadier-General Luckett will station Lieutenant-Colonel Gray (commanding Third Infantry) at Sabine Pass, and Major Kampmann at Niblett's Bluff, the posts at Beaumont and Orange to be commanded each by a captain.

Lieutenant-Colonel Gray will select such companies as he sees proper to be placed at the points designated.

The troops will move in the following order:

The four companies selected for Sabine Pass will proceed to that place with dispatch, relieving Griffin's battalion, who will at once take up the march (except Bickley's company) for Galveston, reporting to the commanding officer at that place.

As many of the companies as are intended for Beaumont, Orange, and Niblett's Bluff as can be forwarded with the facilities which the quartermaster's department can furnish, will be forwarded at the same time with all possible dispatch.

After the arrival of the troops of the Third Infantry, Griffin's battalion will be the first to be transported. After them, Elmore's will be transported from the Sabine.

The company of the Third Infantry designated for Houston will take post at camp Lubbock, reporting to the commanding officer at Houston, and relieving the company of Debray's regiment, Company C, who will, as soon as the company is collected together, proceed to Galveston, reporting to the commanding officer.

Upon the arrival of Griffin's battalion at Galveston, Brown's battalion will proceed to the mouth of the Brazos, taking post as the commanding officer at that post may direct.

Colonel [A. H.] Davidson will collect his command, and proceed to Austin, reporting to Colonel Ford.

Upon the arrival of the detached companies of Elmore's regiment, Colonel [A. W.] Terrell will march with his regiment, and take post at Columbus, or near the Wet Bernard, as he may think proper.

Upon the arrival of Brown's battalion at the mouth of the Brazos River, Colonel [N. C.] Gould's regiment will march with all haste to Bonham, where he will receive further orders.

Gould's regiment is hereby remounted, but will take up the line of

