
the enemy. General Smith wishes Major's brigade sent to this point as rapidly as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 28, 1863.-For Boggs to Magruder, in reference to advance of the enemy, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p.982.]
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Bonham, August 29, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston, Tex.:

CAPTAIN: For the information of the major-general commanding, I inclose a copy of an order issued by Brigadier-General Bankhead, dated 27th instant, on the eye of his advance into the Indian Territory.* I assumed command of the Northern Sub-District on the morning of the 28th (yesterday).

At a very early hour on the 28th, I received a dispatch from General Bankhead, informing me that the enemy was driving General Steele before him, and that General S. had fallen back to Perryville (about 75 miles south of Gibson), and urging me to co-operate with him, General Bankhead, in every way I could to strengthen and subsist his army. I immediately issued an order (copy of which is inclosed*), directing the majors of five different battalions to hold one company in readiness to march at a moment's notice. This order was sent to each battalion yesterday morning by express, and reached them last night. I have ordered the ordnance officer here to have every gun, of every description, put in order for immediate use, cartridges prepared, &c. I have also taken measures to secure all the ferry-boats on Red River. Neither Gould's nor Terrell's regiments (assigned, as I am informed, to this command) have reported. Indeed, I have not heard from them, which is to be regretted, as I am anxious to hurry them forward. With such an addition to General Bankhead's force at this time, we should stand a good chance of routing the enemy completely before he could get back to Gibson.

There being no commissioned officer at this post belonging to the line, I have appointed Mr. H. C. Cook acting assistant adjutant-general. (Copy of appointment inclosed.*) I have also assigned Captain J. K. P. Record, acting quartermaster at this post, chief quartermaster of the Northern Sub-District. (Copy of order inclosed.*)

Certain information reached me yesterday of a plot (the ramifications of which are not yet sufficiently developed to be reported), originating with disaffected white men and extending to negroes, to murder indiscriminately all the whites, except known Abolitionists, reserving only young women for wives of the blacks. The citizens of Denton County have some 17 or 18 negroes and 5 or 6 white men under arrest and closely guarded. They have investigated the matter, and have come to some conclusion; what it is, I am not informed. They send me word, however, that the plot extends through several counties-Denton, Dallas, Cooke, Grayson, and perhaps others. The messenger's instructions

---------------

*No inclosure found.

---------------

