HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 30, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In your letter of the 21st of July you speak of correspondence with Mr. Slidell, Confederate States commissioner to France, with a view of securing connivance of the French Government in the introduction of arms by way of the Rio Grande, &c. I heartily approve of any arrangement you may enter into for increasing our supply of arms and ammunition. My recent visit to Little Rock disclosed a most lamentable deficiency in those essentials. Of 6,000 men under General Price 2,000 are unarmed. The troops in the Indian Territory are even more in want. Governor Flanigan will call into service from 5,000 to 8,000 who cannot be rendered available until we receive arms. You know the wants of your own district. You will, therefore, spare no efforts in procuring them, and will meet with my most cordial co-operation and approval in your exertions in that direction.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 30, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &c.:

GENERAL: I have received your communications of the 21st July and of August 10, in reference to the proposition of Colonel Sulakowski to raise new troops for the Confederate service. My absence at Little Rock, and a desire to submit the matter to the Governors and representative men met at Marshall, prevented an earlier acknowledgment. Since my return from Marshall until now an inflamed eye has prevented me from writing or giving attention to business.

Upon submitting the proposal of Colonel Sulakowski to the convention at Marshal, I regretted to find that it did not meet with the full approval of the Executives of the States of this department. No appropriation of bounty land can be made expect by the Legislatures of the States,and as those bodies are not under the control of the Governors, they could enter into no pledges as to their action. They can only recommend measures.

As I feel unwilling to assume responsibilities in matters so clearly beyond my authority, and especially in a case already submitted to the consideration of the Executives of the States, I cannot concede to Colonel Sulakowski all the powers asked for in his communication and in the way desired.

However, I will authorize you to send that officer to Europe, and will agree to pay (in cotton) $80 for every man, armed and equipped as proposed, furnished in the way stated. You can write to Mr. Slidell by Colonel Sulakowski, and the commissioner can negotiate the required funds, to be repaid in cotton, delivered, at Matamoras or any port agreed upon not in the possession of the Federals. Mr. Slidell, as commissioner, is clothed with plenary powers, and any arrangement made by him with Colonel Sulakowski will have the full force of Executive sanction. All plans should be submitted to the commissioner for such

