
In the matters confided to me by the Government, I have so great an official interest in the enforcement of so much of them as touches my duties, that I trust you will hold me excused for the importunacy with which I write.

I beg that I may be advised of any action you may see fit to adopt relative to these mattes.

I have the honor, general, to be, your obedient servant,

S. HART,

Major, and Quartermaster.

[Inclosure.]

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., May 27, 1863.

Major SIMEON HART,

Quartermaster, San Antonio, Tex.:

SIR: It is my duty to report you that a very large number of wagons, loaded with cotton for Brownsville, belonging to private persons, and driven by conscript teamsters, have passed my ranch since the date of General Magruder's Orders, Numbers 65, on the subject of such transportation. Daily and hourly such wagons and teams, which, by the department orders, properly pertain to the Government service, are passing my place without regard to the commanding general's order on the subject.

There is no force at my ranch, nor elsewhere on the route, so far as I know, by which the regulations on this matter can be enforced. Of course, it is out of my power to stop them and turn them over for the service of the Government, but it does seem essential that some prompt and efficient action should be taken by the proper military authorities to carry out General Magruder's orders.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. KING,

Quartermaster's Agent.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., May 29, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Colonel [S. S.] Anderson brigs information that a brigade is on its march to Camden, and that transportation to Monroe from Camden had been telegraphed for. General Holmes was ordered to communicate with General Hebert, and to this brigade to Monroe, if needed there.

It is possible that the transforation of your forces may require all the steamboats on the Washita. You can then send the boats, as soon as you can spare them, for this brigade. On its arrival at Monroe, it will be subject to your orders, in your operations toward Bayou Vidal. After the completion of your operations, this brigade will remain in Northern Louisiana, in the vicinity of Monroe. If the enemy undertake the siege of Vicksburg, the garrison at Vicksburg will need supplies. General Smith suggest that you should spare no effect to thrown any supplies captured into Vicksburg.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

