
approval and sanction, with the assurance that the funds advanced will be repaid with an equivalent in cotton, as above stated.

A corps raised in accordance with the plan of Colonel Sulakowski would by law be entitled to elect their own officers, vacancies to be filled by seniority. They would, moreover, be entitled to all the bounty and allowances granted by Congress, as other troops in the service of the Confederate States. By enlisting in the army, taking the oath of allegiance, and remaining till their term of service expires, they become ipso facto citizens of the Confederate States without any further form of naturalization.

I feel that I can confidently assure Colonel Sulakowski of the appointment of brigadier-general upon his arrival with two or more regiments. I will give him the appointment, subject to the approval of the President, which will certainly be conceded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Mobile, Ala., August 31, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department of the West, Morton, Miss.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: The enemy on last Thursday sent some boats ashore, and burned off the whole of the brush-wood, &amp;c., on Round Island, 7 miles south of Pascagoula. They will, perhaps, use that island as a depot, because it will be secure from attack.

This morning it is reported that they have a large number of troops on both Horn Island and Ship Island. Continually I hear that they avow their preparations to be for Mobile.

The suggestion as to sending troops to Portersville instead of Pascagoula had already been considered by me, and I shall not send anything but cavalry to Pascagoula.

Maxey's brigade arrived this morning, and I have ordered it down to Portersville, where the charge of air and scene will do all hands good. I am glad to have a show of force to prevent absolute surprise.

The condition of Selma and the iron-works occasions me much anxiety. I have no force to send there, and the place is now very important. There are about 700 men, mostly employees in navy and ordnance work-shops, who are armed and organized in Selma, who are at present my sole dependence for defense against a raid.

Although I can illy spare it, if you think the place too much exposed now in consequence of recent dispositions of troops, I will send a regiment up.

My issues of subsistence have, during the past week, been in excess of my receipts, and I again beg to bring to your notice the importance of drawing all possible supplies from the prairie country along the Mobile and Ohio Railroad above Columbus. Even if the speculators were allowed to purchase there, and send down subsistence, the people would be benefited hereabouts, for all sorts of provisions, of prime necessity especially, are cruelly dear.

Maxey tells me he is going across the river. In that case, General J. C. Moore occurs to me as a desirable officer. Moore is a Tennessean; he is now on parole; but the commissioner of exchange has just informed me that the Vicksburg prisoners will be all returned to duty within ten days.

