
Captain Bradford will accompany Colonel Burleson on this expedition for the purpose of giving his aid and assistance in the duty with which Colonel B. is charged.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., September 1, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel [A. B.] BURLESTON,

Parsons' Regiment:

COLONEL: From the disaffection existing and growing in the parishes of Jackson and Winn, La., caused in the main by deserters and stragglers from our army, I am directed by Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith to inform you that orders have this day been issued to you to proceed with a part of your command to these parishes, and get possession of all deserters, stragglers, and enrolled men.

You will first give notice to all such to report to such a place or places as you may indicate. Should they refuse to obey your orders to do so, you will then make such efforts to carry out your orders as will insure your success.

This detail has been made in consequence of the confidence that the lieutenant-general commanding has in your energy, zeal, and efficiency.

It is very important that the evil complained of should be checked at once, or it may result in an invitation of the enemy to enter these parishes.

Captain Bradford, who has a company from these parishes, will accompany you.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

GUY M. BRYAN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,Houston, September 1, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, &c.:

GENERAL: I have received the orders of Lieutenant-General Smith of the 28th ultimo, informing me of the near approach of the enemy in four columns. I have received also, through Brigadier-General Bee, on the Rio Grande, intelligence of the contemplated invasion of this State by Lavaca to San Antonio and by the Sabine Pass, getting possession of Houston, which it at the center of all the railroads and in the heart of the most valuable portion of this State. No troops other than those which I had already ordered can be spared from this part of the country without exposing the coast and all the coast country and the railroads to the enemy; but, in obedience to the orders of the lieutenant-general, I will run the risk of this great danger, and detach to meet the enemy as many troops as can possibly be spared, concentrating them at Bonham, where I have already ordered all the cavalry and such of

