
doubtless be a pleasant fact, that Brigadier General J. E. Slaughter, recently on duty in Mobile, has been ordered to the Rio Grande, and as soon after his arrival as you have made him thoroughly acquainted with the situation and the duties incumbent on the commanding general of that frontier, and inform the general of that fact, he will relieve you, and order you to some point (such as you may designate) more contiguous to the bulk of your command.

The important points of your communication have been communicated to the lieutenant-general commanding.

In conclusion, the general begs that you will accept his sincere thanks for the energy and fidelity with which you have performed your duty.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Houston, September 1, 1863.

Brigadier General S. P. BANKHEAD,

Commanding Forces, &c., Northern Sub-District:

GENERAL: Your communication relative to the advance of the enemy was received last night, and in reply I have the honor to inform you that orders were immediately dispatched to Colonel Gould to move without delay to Bonham, and orders for the assembling of the State troops at Bonham as rapidly as possible, under Brigadier-General Gano, were at once issued. The general is making every exertion to forward troops and supplies to your relief, and trusts that you may be able to hold the enemy in check.

General H. E. McCulloch has been ordered to assume command of the Northern Sub-District and hurrying forward. Captain Pendleton leaves in a few days with 500 additional arms for the border battalion.

Your obedient servant,

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,Near Millican, September 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General McCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that communications have just been received from General Bankhead, stating that Steele is falling back before Blunt, and unless he has been checked ere this, the enemy are in Texas. Orders were immediately dispatched to Colonel Gould to push forward to Bonham as rapidly as possible, and all organized State troops have been directed to assemble at Bonham as soon as practicable, under Brigadier-General GaNumbers Ammunition and stores are also being sent forward. These facts the general states for your information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

