HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Houston, September 1, 1863.

Colonel C. L. PYRON,

Commanding Regiment:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the commanding general to inform you that information has been received from the headquarters of the Trans-Mississippi of the advance of the enemy into Texas by four different columns-one from the north into the Indian Territory; one from Helena, about 20,000 strong, upon Little Rock; one from Vicksburg, 10,000, upon Monroe; and one from Natchez, upon Harrisonburg. The lieutenant-general commanding department anticipates, from information received, that Banks will move upon Lower Louisiana. In view of these facts, the major-general commanding directs that you get your regiment together as quickly as possible, having the necessary transportation, arms, ammunition, &c., prepared, and that you march with all possible dispatch to Bonham, reporting to the commanding officer.

The major-general relies upon your accustomed energy to carry out this odder with promptness.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CARRINGTON,

Lieutenant, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ.,

No. 149. Houston, Tex., September 1, 1863.

The State of Texas, which has hitherto been almost entirely free from the presence of the enemy, is now threatened with invasion by four columns-one from the Indian Territory, one from Arkansas, and two from Louisiana-and the presence of every man capable of bearing arms is needed in the field. The desolation and ruin which have marked the track of our foes in Louisiana should teach Texans what they have to expect from the presence of the enemy, and the major-general commanding earnestly enjoins upon all those who have formed minute companies to perfect their organization and arm themselves at once, sending their muster rolls as soon as completed to these headquarters, and those who have not as yet organized themselves, to do so without delay, so that we may rush forward, young and old, to give them battle and save our State from the impending danger. Now is the hour of Texas to prove themselves worthy of their sires, and the major-general commanding hopes that throughout the State this call will be obeyed with alacrity.

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,No. 236. [Near Millican], September 1, 1863.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

XIX. 1. Brigadier-General Gano will immediately proceed to Bonham, Tex., and take command of the State troops and minute-men ordered to assemble at that point. He will organize said forces in accordance with orders issued by the assistant adjutant-general of State troops, and will arm them with such arms as can be spared from the supply for

