
the troops of Acting Brigadier-General Bankhead's brigade, which includes all the arms at Bonham or that may reach there.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

4. Brigadier-General Gano will endeavor to put these troops upon an efficient footing. Should the enemy continue to press General Steele, and intelligence reach Bonham from Acting Brigadier-General Bankhead that re-enforcements are needed, Brigadier-General Gano will call upon the cavalry of the State troops to volunteer to march to General Steele's aid. He will them, without delay, march with such battalions, companies, or parts of companies as may volunteer to go and meet the enemy.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

W. T. CARRINGTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 2, 1863.-For Smith to Slidell, in reference to the action of the French in Mexico, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p.993.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Alexandria, September 2, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I beg leave to call the attention of the lieutenant-general commanding to the inclosed order of Major-General Magruder.* Pyron's regiment reached here as infantry and has served as infantry. Both the colonel and lieutenant-colonel (Pyron and Walker) were severely wounded in action on the La Fourche, and returned to Texas on leave. The men have since deserted in large numbers, and are to be rewarded, it seems, by remounting them. It appears also from the order that the regimental standard is now planted at Austin, although the regiment is supposed to be serving in this district, in accordance with orders from department headquarters. After seeing this order, I directed the few remaining men of Pyron's regiment to proceed to Texas.

I have called the attention of the lieutenant-general commanding to this matter with no purpose of criticizing the action of Major-General Magruder, but simply in justice to myself, for it is clear if the natural desire of the Texas troops to serve at home is encouraged, their usefulness when called on the serve elsewhere will be seriously impaired.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., September 4, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Magruder, and his attention called thereto, and also to the inclosed Special Orders, No. 129, Par. X.+

By order of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The Special Orders, No. 129, Par. X, alluded to, was sent to the newspapers for publication. Captain Turner will find in the Telegraph.

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

+See p.202.

---------------

