HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., September 2, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, Arizona, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith to inclose to you a copy of a letter just received from Captain [J. F.] Crosby,* assistant adjutant-general of General Steele, in regard to affairs in the Indian Territory.

He also directs that you will send Major-General McCulloch immediately to his command of the Northern Sub-District of Texas, as he regards him, from his tact, experience, energy, and good sense, as well fitted for that command. From the sentiment that exists in that community, threatened invasion or raids by the enemy, and its vulnerability from locality, make this part of your district one of great concern and apprehension to him. You will, then, send any troops that can be spared to support General McCulloch, and watchfully regard this part of your command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &c.,

GUY M. BRYAN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ.,No. 238. Houston, Tex., September 2, 1863.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

VII. In consequence of information received, the following changes in the distribution of the troops in this command are made:

The Third Regiment Texas Infantry, Griffin's battalion, Gould's and Pyron's regiments (cavalry), and Jones' battery of light artillery, will constitute a brigade, to be commanded by Acting Brigadier General P. N. Luckett, and will, under his orders, proceed, without delay and by forced marches, to Bonham, Tex., where Acting Brigadier-General Luckett will report with his brigade to Brigadier General Henry E. McCulloch.

Jones' battery will, under the orders of General Luckett, march at once, without waiting for any other troops, and report to the commanding officer on his arrival at Bonham. Griffin's battalion will, with the exception of [Charles] Bickley's company (assigned to the fort at Sabine Pass), proceed forthwith with the Third Regiment Texas Infantry to Bonham, as soon as relieved by the companies of Elmore's regiment, ordered to Sabine Pass for that purpose.

The companies of Elmore's regiment stationed at Beaumont and Niblett's Bluff, and those at Orange, if any, will when relieved by State troops, as hereinafter ordered, proceed to Sabine Pass. Lieutenant-Colonel [L. A.] Abercrombie, of Elmore's regiment, will establish his headquarters at Sabine Pass, and prepare in the best manner for its defense.

One company of cavalry of the State troops from Nacogdoches will relieve the companies of Elmore's regiment at Niblett's Bluff. The company of cavalry of the State troops from Liberty will relieve [Andrew] Daly's company at Sabine Pass, when the latter will proceed to Galveston, and report to Brigadier-General Debray. The company of Elmore's regiment (Captain [Claudius] Buster's) stationed at Hampstead will, when relieved by an infantry company of the State troops, proceed to

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

