
Galveston, and report to Colonel Elmore. The detachment of this company at Houston will be relieved by such State troops as may be in that place, and will also proceed to Galveston.

The four companies of Woods' regiment of cavalry, detached and ordered to report to Colonel Bradfute some time since, will assemble at Saluria, or such point as he may designate, for the defense of that place; and the places of the two companies at Corpus Christi will be supplied by two companies of cavalry of the State troops. The two companies of Brown's battalion at Harrisburg will take post at the point they were stationed when they left for Harrisburg, reporting by letter to Lieutenant-Colonel Brown.

Buchel's regiment of cavalry will return to its former post on the West Bernard. The cavalry companies of Debray's regiment at Houston will, when relieved by the State troops from Houston, report to Galveston for duty with the regiment, Captain [Peter] McGreal remaining in command of the post of Houston until relieved by Colonel [A. T.] Rainey.

Any previous orders conflicting with this are hereby revoked. Quartermasters and commissaries are directed to furnish the necessary transportation and subsistence.

* * * * * *

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 3, 1863.-For Smith to Taylor, in relation to condition of affairs in Trans-Mississippi Department, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p. 998.]

MOBILE, September 4, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: I respectfully report that Major-General Maury has for duty in his department 3,164 infantry, 2,319 artillery, and 1,469 cavalry, the latter new. In the event of siege, at least 10,000 infantry would be necessary for the defensive works on the land side of Mobile. Most of the artillery is required in the forts and water batteries; the cavalry ought to join the army on the outside.

Major-General Maury is authorized to call to Mobile, whenever it may be threatened, Gregg's brigade, from Enterprise, and McNair's, from Maridian; their effective total is 2,800. They will be followed by Featherson's and Adam's, now at Newton, and amounting to 2,600 effective. Each of these four brigades has a field battery. Some 1,200 or 1,500 citizens have enrolled themselves, and promise to assist in the defense of the place.

I propose to place Buford's brigade (should Mobile be invested) at Meridian, to be ready to go the defense of Selma or Demopolis, should either be threatened by Federal cavalry, or to protect the railroads of Mississippi. This brigade has an effective total of 2,500 and a field battery.

After the return of the troops sent to General Bragg, we shall have about 9,000 infantry and 3,000 cavalry for a relieving force. It is likely

