
It is to be hoped that the junction of Steele and Bankhead may enable them to assume offensive operations against Blunt (if so, we shall be much relieved), or that Major's brigade, when it shall arrive in that part of the country, may, with Steele's and bankhead's troops, be sufficient to afford it protection. It is a matter of the last importance that I should be informed whether Major-General Taylor will fall back by Niblett's Bluff or not, and in what force. Depots are already provided there for him, but I must know whether I can depend upon him to assist me in defending the pass, the river, and railroad in the neighborhood.

I have the honor to state that I relieved Brigadier-General McCulloch from duty with the court-martial in which he was sitting, and from the command of the Eastern Sub-District, the moment I received Lieutenant-General Smith's order, placing him in command of the Northern Sub-District, and directing him to proceed to Bonham. He will reach that place, it is expected, in a few days.

Begging that the general will give me his views by return of mail, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Near Millican, September 4, 1863.

Brigadier General S. P. BANKHEAD,

Commanding Forces of Northern Texas, &c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that his communication to Lieutenant-General smith, commanding department, recommending your application as brigadier-general, has been returned to these headquarters with the following indorsement:

The appointment of Colonel S. P. Bankhead is approved till the action of the War Department can be obtained. The Northern Sub-District is the most important, difficult, and one of the most important commands in your districts. An officer of ability, a Texan, who understands the peculiarities of the people and possesses their confidence, should be assigned to that command. General McCulloch's is the most suitable person that I can suggest, and he was ordered to report to you for that purpose.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

I am, colonel, &c.,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,Near Millican, September 4, 1863.

Colonel V. SULAKOWSKI,

Chief Engineer, District of Texas, &c.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to direct you to have Sabine Pass and its approaches fortified with the least delay, as it is expected that the enemy will make a demonstration at that point at an early day.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T . CARRINGTON,

Lieutenant, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

