
Captain [L. G.] Clepper's company, Elmore's regiment, escorted the train, and a detachment of 20 men and 1 commissioned officer out of said company was to have been left at each depot to guard the stores. A courier has been dispatched to stop the train until I hear from you what to do under the circumstances.

J. C. STAFFORD.

NIBLETT'S BLUFF,

September 4, 1863.

Major B. BLOOMFIELD:

The following has just been received, and by special courier I send to Beaumont to telegraph you:
HEADQUARTERS FORCES SOUTH OF RED RIVER,Vermillionville, August 29, 1863.

Major J. C. STAFFORD,

Quartermaster, Niblett's Bluff, La.:

MAJOR: I am instructed by Brigadier-General Mouton to state to you that the emergency has ceased to exist which gave rise to the order to establish deport of forage and provisions on the Vermillionville and Niblett's Bluff road. These depots are no longer necessary. The provisions at Niblett's Bluff are intended for the troops of this command. An officer with a proper escort is dispatched for the purpose of forwarding them to this point as rapidly as possible, the troops being very much in need of such stored.

Invoice them to Major J. S. Mouton, chief commissary of subsistence, who will receipt for the same.

I am, &amp;c.,

A. J. WATT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, DIST. OF TEXAS, &C.,

Houston, Tex., September 5, 1863.

Major J. C. STAFFORD,

Quartermaster, Beaumont:

Proceed to carry out the order of General Mouton, and push forward with the utmost dispatch all commissary stores.

Retain the depots established by you on the Vermillionville road for future use. Keep supplies of forage at Niblett's Bluff, Orange, and Beaumont, as per former orders.

Be particular to have all transportation returned to Niblett's Bluff for emergencies.

B. BLOOMFIELD,

Major, and Chief Quartermaster.

[SEPTEMBER 5, 1863.-From Smith to Price and others, in reference to increasing effective force, and employing negro labor in the place of detailed soldiers, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p. 994.]

[SEPTEMBER 5, 1863.-For circular from headquarters Trans-Mississippi Department, calling upon the people of Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas to organize for local defense, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p. 995.]

