
and I learn this morning unofficially that the works at the Pass were bombarded yesterday morning, but with what result is not known.

Major-General Magruder, who went down yesterday to Houston, sent back an order on the return train for the troops assembled in this vicinity to proceed at once by special train to the Pass. As the attacking force is represented as being so superior to the garrison at Sabine, and as few of the guns are of very heavy caliber, it is presumed that the Pass is now in possession of the enemy. I am momentarily expecting intelligence from Major-General Magruder, and shall at once acquaint you with the movements of troops in that vicinity.

No transports were mentioned as being in sigh by our latest advises.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C., Numbers 245. Houston, September 9, 1863.

XVI. That portion of Hobby's regiment not engaged in the defense of Saluria, together with all the troops at Corpus Christi (excepting one company of State cavalry to guard the stores), will at once, without the least delay, proceed to the defense of Saluria with all the entirely, leaving two guns and their detachments, with one other company, to defend Aransas Pass against launches. One-half of the company at Corpus Christi will be stationed at Corpus Christi Pass. Remove the large flag-staff to Aranas, placing Quaker guns in the most conspicuous places, particularly at Aransas, and in every manner making as great a display of force as possible.

As fast as State troops come in, armed, they will re-enforce Aransas Pass, Corpus Christi Pass, and Corpus Christi, relieving any volunteer troops left there, excepting the artillery detachments, which must always remain with the pieces.

XVII. Colonel Woods' regiment, excepting four companies under the command of Colonel Bradfute, will move as rapidly as possible to Columbus, where their horses will be left. The regiment will immediately proceed by rail from Columbus to Beaumont, Tex.

One soldier to every five horses will be detailed by the commanding officer to take care of the same. Quartermasters and commissaries of subsistence will furnish transportation and subsistence without any delay whatever.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Shreveport, La., September 10, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding District of Western Louisiana:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt for your communication of the 7th instant.

In my letter of the 4th I do not require the issuing of an order for

