HEADQUARTERS BUREAU OF STATE TROOPS, DISTRICT OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, September 10, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

I am directed by Major-General Magruder through dispatches from Beaumont to forward to you his official report of the battle at Sabine Pass on the 8th instant, which resulted so gloriously to our arms.* I am also directed to forward the official report of Captain Odlum, received through Acting Brigadier General P. N. Luckett.+

The major-general commanding directs me to say that, in view of the emergency before him, he has ordered to the line of the Sabine the forces on the march for Bonham, he believing from the intelligence received from that quarter that the advance of the enemy has already been checked. The brigade destined for Bonham is, therefore, now at ore near Sabine Pass. The fleet off Sabine comprises, from the best information gained, nine steamers and eighteen sail vessels, the two most formidable for which have been captured and another badly crippled. The gunboats captured are to some extend injured, but engineers and mechanics are already at work putting them in repair. The enemy's force being reported at 10,000, and facilities for landing being easy, every preparation will be made to secure the armaments and stores of the vessels, at least, should it become necessary to evacuate the position. Orders have been issued revoking all furloughs and leaves of absence, and calling in all detailed men that can be possibly spared without actual detriment to the service. All available forces are being concentrated at exposed points. The State troops are also taking the field, a portion of them already having marched to the posts assigned them.

Nine of the enemy's fleet left Sabine Pass on the night of the 9th. The prisoners have been sent to Houston, and will be sent from thence to Camp Groce.

I am directed by the major-general commanding to ask that he be allowed to retain the troops ordered to Bonham until the plans of the enemy on the coast have been developed or he is defeated.

The major-general commanding is at Sabine Pass.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

E. W. CAVE,

Major, and Vol. Aide-de-Camp, Chief Bureau State Troops.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, September 10, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you of the arrival on yesterday from Havana of Brigadier-General Slaughter, who will report to you by this mail. I propose to place General Slaughter in possession of all the information he may need concerning the state of affairs on this frontier, and then to hold myself in readiness, for orders.

I am prepared for any service, but most respectfully and earnestly ask that I may be instantly relieved from all connection with the cotton business.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 302.

---------------

+See Part I, p. 309.

