
tion who had not been enrolled, and many who threatened rebellion against the law, which has since been openly resisted.

Instances of the bribery of enrolling officers have also been reported to me and substantiated by indisputable evidences. Major [J. P.] Flewellyn, the late commandant of conscripts, finding it impossible to enforce the law properly without a more immediate co-operation of the line of the army than is directed by the order above cited, recommended to Brigadier-General [G. J.] Rins, chief of bureau, that he be allowed to report to and receive instructions from the general commanding the district.

I joined in this recommended to Brigadier-General [G. J.] Rains, chief of bureau, that he be allowed to report to and receive instructions from the general commanding the district.

I joined in this recommendation, and offered to assume the responsibility of executing the will of Congress here, if authority was granted me, because it was manifest that the officers who were acting were too remote from the general to whom they reported.

It will probably be months before this application will be heard from again, and I would state to the lieutenant-general commanding that I am willing to take charge of the bureau of conscription in my own district, and be answerable for its administration, if so ordered by him. Major Flewellyn has since tendered his resignation, and requested me to relieve him from duty. While it was being considered, I took the liberty of granting his request, and assigning Colonel John S. Ford (an officer of great merit) to that important command. Colonel Ford's rank in the army was at the time the subject of discussion, which had been referred to the honorable the Secretary of War, but Colonel [J. C.] Ives, aide-de-camp to His Excellency the President, has since, by order, confirmed him in the position to which he had been assigned.

In consideration of the circumstances, I would, respectfully suggest that if Colonel Ford be directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to report to and receive instructions from these headquarters, the act of conscription would be better enforced, especially in the disaffected portion of the State, where he must invoke the aid of my troops.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA, Alexandria, La., May 30, 1863.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH,Commanding Department of the Trans-Mississippi:

GENERAL: General Taylor, who left at early dawn yesterday morning for the Washita River, informed me that you desired me to address you an occasion unofficial communication, detailing such news as might reach this post.

In compliance, I have the honor to forward the accompanying extras, the last received. Since the beginning of the Yankee raiding Mississippi and the interruption of communication, I have had a secret agent at Brookhaven, on the Jackson and New Orleans Railroad. He writes under date of the 25th, confirming the reported rupture between the United States and England. France has joined with England, and the combined fleets have been ordered to rendezvous at Halifax. It is true that all French and English subjects have been ordered to leave New Orleans. He further states that on the 23d, Grant was repulsed in front of Vicksburg seven times, with great slaughter to the enemy. General Johnston was at Jackson, being heavily re-enforced. General Lee was reported to be in possession of Arlington Heights, and about to advance

