
Captain MAT. NOLAN,
Niblett's Bluff:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the enemy, in strong force, attacked the fort at Sabine Pass on the 8th, but was repulsed with a loss of two vessels (the gunboats Sachem and California), with thirteen guns; 340 prisoners now in our hands; killed and wounded considerable; on our side no loss at all. They have left Sabine, and, from information in our hands, direct it is most probable they have ere this attempted a landing at Calcasieu; if not, that it will soon be done. It is of the utmost importance that the major-general commanding should be constantly and correctly informed of any movements about the Calcasieu. You will, therefore, send men to that point, as far down as you can, to look sharp for the fleet. If you can possibly spare the men, establish couriers from Niblett's [Bluff] to and along the Calcasieu, and especially to keep them on a line from Niblett's to the nearest point of the Calcasieu.

Communicate any information direct to these headquarters and also to General Moutoun. Use every exertion to see this duty promptly, properly, energetically performed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,
Assistant Adjutant-General.

BEAUMONT, TEX.,
September 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General LUCKETT,
Houston, Tex.:

I have received the confidential instructions of Commodore Bell to the commander of the gunboats, from which it appears that the landing of the enemy (about 15,000 strong) depends upon the success of three light-draught boats, all that he could spare from New Orleans. One of these being crippled and two taken, my opinion is that he has retired to New Orleans to refit. Planters ought to move their negroes and mules from the coast.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,
Major-General, Commanding.

[SEPTEMBER 11, 1863.-For Smith to Davis, transmitting minutes of the conference at Marshall, Tex., of the Governors of Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri, and Texas, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, pp. 1003-1010.]

HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,
Shreveport, La., September 12, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,
Commanding District of Western Louisiana:

GENERAL: General Magruder reports the enemy's fleet, twenty-seven in number, as having appeared off the Sabine Pass, and as preparing for the attack of that position. They are reported accompanied by a land force of 10,000. Their plan is not yet fully developed; it may be the occupation of Sabine Pass and Bay as a base of operations, or an


