
Your obedient, servant,

[E. KIRBY SMITH,]
Lieutenant-General.

P. S.-Since writing the above, General Magruder's letter, of which a copy is inclosed, has been received.* You will see the importance of co-operating with General Magruder. Make such dispositions as the force on your front allows for meeting this new move and for co-operating with General Magruder.

HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,
Shreveport, La., September 12, 1863.

THOMAS O. MOORE,
Governor of Louisiana:

Your letter from Alexandria of September 9 has just been received. You are in error regarding both the orders and the movements of troops in the military district of Louisiana. General Tappan's brigade was not ordered to General Taylor as a portion of his command; it was ordered to Northern Louisiana to assist in the operations opposite Vicksburg and General Taylor was instructed not to withdraw it from that section, where it remained in readiness to return to Little Rock whenever its services were required. General Walker's division was withdrawn from Arkansas, placed in General Taylor's command, and made subject to his orders, and but for its transfer our troops would probably now be in possession of the Arkansas Valley, instead of being forced back to the line of the Washita.

There has been no order issued from department headquarters for the removal of any portion of Walker's division from General Taylor's command, nor has such order been contemplated. I do not see what steps have been taken or orders issued indicating an intention to give up Louisiana without a determined effort. The fortifications at Shreveport which you refer to were ordered at the time Grand Ecore was ordered to be fortified. General Taylor was at the same time instructed to fortify at any point below that might be selected by him as suitable. The removal of my family west, spoken of by you, was the sending my wife and child five hours' ride from this place to escape fever, with which the household and neighborhood were afflicted. The inadequacy of General Taylor's force, spoken of by you, according to the tabular statement referred to, is double that under the command of General Magruder, and one-half greater than that under General Holmes in Arkansas; it, too, is composed almost entirely of Texas, with a few Louisiana and Arkansas, troops. I see now no practical means of increasing that force except by calling the people of the State of Louisiana who are remaining

---------------

*Not found.

---------------


