
at their homes into the field, and I call upon the Executive to bring out every able-bodied man in the State for the defense of his fireside.

I would refer you to your letter to me of the 2nd of August, 1863.

I am, Governor, with sentiments of esteem, yours,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, Tex., September 12, 1863.

His Excellency Brigadier General MANUEL RUIZ,

Governor of the State of Tamaulipas, Matamoras, Mex.:

SIR: I hasten to express my regrets at the occurrence of this morning. It appears that attention was attracted to a large number of men crossing and recrossing the river at a point some half mile below the ferry at Brownsville. This was reported to me, and I sent a verbal order to the officer of the day to ascertain who and what they were. He ordered a sergeant and 5 men to make the necessary examination. About the time the sergeant started, it was said that Cortina was crossing the river, with 300 men, and the excitement became very great. A few young men, without waiting for orders, ran ahead of the sergeant, and opened fire on the people who were quietly bathing in the river, which continued until that officer arrived and stopped it. In the meantime the report that Cortina was crossing was spread through the city, and the confusion was indescribable. I sincerely hope that no injury was done to your soldiers by this unfortunate occurrence, and am prepared to make every reparation in my power.

I would suggest that Your Excellency inquire into the antecedents of Cortina, at present said to be an officer of the Mexican army in Matamoras, and notorious for the many outrages committed against the lives and property of the citizens of Brownsville, and perhaps you will not be surprised that there should exist and excited state of feeling when it is known that he is so near them, with the will, if not the power, to annoy them.

Trusting to this frank acknowledgment of my regrets at this occurrence, and the assurance that it was the result of an excited state of feeling, I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier General P. A. C. S.

P. S.-I trust that, as a proof of renewed confidence, your troops will continue to bathe at the same place.

MONTGOMERY, September 13, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Should it be necessary to re-enforce Mobile, troops must be taken from Loring and French. Both of them rank Maury, who was selected for his command. What am I do to with those major-generals in such an event?

J. E. JOHNSTON.

HDQRS. TRANS-MISS. DEPT., Shreveport, La., September 13, 1863.

Brigadier General HENRY E. McCULLOCH:

GENERAL: I have intended writing you for some time. I am always glad to hear from you, but let me beg you to remember our people are

