
[Inclosure.]

P. S.-I send an interesting extract of a letter received by my medical director.

Extract from a letter of Asst. Surg. J. C. Field, stationed at North Fork Hospital.

Colonel [William R.] Judson, commanding the detachment of Federals that came this way, called upon us, and we had a long talk with regard to the condition of affairs north and south, and he seems of the opinion they can yet get a good many of the Texan to join them. Some of [T. C.] Bass' regiment [Twentieth Texas Cavalry, dismounted] came here in Federal uniform, and a good many more Texans have gone and reported that they will get a great many recruits as they advance into the State. They say they will certainly winter in Texas. They report a great many re-enforcements coming down from Springfield, Mo. I think there is a good deal of braggadocio about them.

JULIAN C. FIELD,

Assistant Surgeon, Bass' Texas Infantry.

I have no direct information from General Cabell. It is reported by a man from that vicinity that he inflicted a severe loss upon the enemy, losing about 4 men himself.

WM. STEELE,
HEADQUARTERS BUREAU OF STATE TROOPS, DISTRICT OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, September 13, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER:

GENERAL: I have endeavored as far as possible to carry out your wishes respecting State troops. Here nothing has been done comparatively. As I told you, the militia laws have not been enforced, and but about 100 men transferred to the service, of which at least half are detailed as mechanics, &amp;c., in the departments on railroads and steamboats.

The intelligence I received from the country indicates that the State troops are responding to the orders. The cavalry of [John] Sayles' battalion will march on Monday or Tuesday. The infantry will go to Camp Grace. The battalion from Columbus will be down on Tuesday. The cavalry of the battalions ordered to Millican are no doubt preparing for the march. I do not think many minute companies have been organized. The prospect of being ordered to the field rather staggers the candidates for home defense. Two companies have been organized here for home defense, but by the regulations every man is bound to march when called on to do so. If they report to this bureau, rest assured that they will be assigned to duty. Major Dewalt, of the Second Battalion writes me that he has sen this cavalry forward, and will have 300 infantry, unarmed, in camp on Monday. He has made a requisitions for arms. I shall assign (or rather call for volunteers) enough men from his battalion to fill up the two batteries under Major [S. T.] Fontaine.

Your various orders and circulars in reference to the presence of the enemy at Sabine have been scattered far and wide. All these documents, copies of which I inclose,* were prepared by myself, your notes furnishing the ideas, of course. Your Sorley letter is still the theme of much comment. It has been received with much favor. I trust you will soon see the good results of its publication. I am devoting myself to the cause, but find much difficulty in perfecting plans concerning the

---------------

*Not identified.

---------------

