
troops. Captain [F. J.] Lynch, paymaster and acting chief quartermaster, was sent by your orders to Rusk for funds. Now he writes me that Lieutenant-General Smith has notified him to be in readiness to carry dispatches to Richmond.

This, I think, is putting the chief of two departments of the State troops on rather a low basis. I have, therefore, as you see, no one to manage the business of that department, now so important. My desire is to assign Captain E. W. Taylor, assistant quartermaster of the battalion of this district (sixteenth), to that duty; he is a first-class business man, with great administrative talent. You no doubt know him as the father of Mrs. Lieutenant-Colonel [E. F.] Gray.

Captain [John E.] Owens, chief commissary of subsistence, has commenced his labors. Major [H. H.] Haynie will turn over to him such supplies as he can spare, and furnish him money for the balance.

I am in a quandary concerning my printing establishment, although I leave it now entirely to my foreman; it is doing a heavy business. The orders from Lieutenant-General Smith's headquarters are now being filled, amounting to some 100,000 blanks. If it is to be removed at all up country, it should be done in time. Its value to the army is considered great by all officers of departments, and, being fully organized and efficient, it should be kept so. The confidence you have shown in my poor abilities has led me to devote myself almost exclusively to this bureau. If you deem it proper that the printing house should be removed to a point at or near the terminus of the Central road, I wold remove it at once. Brenham or Anderson are the points I now here in view. Anderson, although 15 miles from the railroad, is my preference; Brenham is so far from the central line of the populated portion of the State. Should I move the establishment, I would still keep a small concern here, and the field printing office at your headquarters. Excuse my mentioning these matters, but I solicit your advice.

Mrs. Cave and little Mary are both better, they join me in regards to you. Receive the assurance of our best wishes for your health and safe return.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. CAVE.
HEADQUARTERS BUREAU OF STATE TROOPS, DISTRICT OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, September 13, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Our latest accounts from Dallas are favorable respecting affairs beyond Bonham. The enemy had been checked in his progress toward Boggy Depot. A portion of General Steele's force is already reported to have reached Fort Washita. The State troops and citizens turned out nobly at the call of danger. Paris, Lamar County, furnished 400 volunteers in a few hours.

I inclose a communication concerning Colonel N. W. Townes* with reference of same, by Brigadier-General Boggs. I would suggest, as Brigadier-General Gano has been ordered to Millican, that Colonel Townes be assigned to the duty of organizing and taking to the field, if necessary, the State troops ordered to Bonham. I see that Lieutenant-General Smith directs that the force in this direction shall not be weakened,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

