
have used all diligence in sending off the quartermaster's stores purchased here, and a considerable quantity have gone to the interior. Much, however, remains, and if i am invaded so promptly, I shall endeavor to pass them back over the river, and in that way save as much public property as possible. I inclose an extract from a letter from Mr. Quinterro concerning Mexican affairs.*

Charleston dates to the 24th ultimo. Sumter has doubtless been destroyed by this time; shells loaded with Greek fire were being thrown into the city. The Federal vessels at the mouth of the Rio Grande have captured the William Peel (the steamer which brought out Mr. Attrill's good), lying in the neutral waters of Mexico, and having 1,000 bales of cotton on board belonging to legal traders for Matamoras. Her cargo for Matamoras has been discharged. This outrage on the flag of England and the recognized principles of the law of nations is said to be founded on two circumstances-that the vessels brought supplies for the Confederate Government, and that shwe as to be purchased as a privateer by the Confederate and they claim to have the proofs of both. And his reminds me to say that it is entirely possible that the letter from General E. Kirby Smith, detailing an officer to examine the fitness of that vessel for war purposes, may have been surreptitiously forwarded to our enemies in Matamoras, as it is known that important letters from your office are now in the possession of those in Matamoras, who will use them to our detriment, the particulars of which Major Russell will explain to you. The Governor of Tamaulipas has protested against the seizure for the Peel, and she still remains at anchor. It is said that portions of her machinery have been concealed, and the Yankees cannot replace then at present.

Up to last night there was no sign of the approach of the enemy, and I have no doubt but that you have heard from them before now.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Velasco, Tex., September 14, 1863.

Captain A. N. MILLS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I would most respectfully call the attention of Acting Brigadier-General Luckett, commanding Eastern Sub-District, to the consolidated morning report of my regiment, which shows and aggregate of 257 men for duty; in addition to this force, I have one company of Lieutenant-Colonel Brown's battalion, numbering about 35 enlisted men for duty.

I most respectfully ask that additional companies be sent to this point, and would suggest Lieutenant-Colonel Brown with his battalion. Their horses and equipments are now here. Besides the service they would render in the event of an attack or invasion, it would be uniting them with their horses and equipments, which, if lost, it would be impossible for many of them to replace. The troops are generally good men; they are companies that were raised by me, and once composed a part of my regiment.

The above is respectfully submitted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. BATES,

Colonel, Commanding at Velasco.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

