
duty, which I did, and marched June 18, as ordered, toward Morganza, on the Atchafalaya River, some 30 miles from Port Hudson. On the first day, about noon, we met an order from Major-General Taylor, and a little time after met General Taylor himself. I introduced Captain Gibson to him. Captain Gibson appealed to him to countermand my order without going into detail. He declined to do so (the particulars, however, I suppose Captain Gibson remembers, and I will not lengthen this communication by a detail of all that followed), but the general ordered me to send some officer, in whom I had entire confidence to Houston.

I think it due to make this explanation, which I hope and believe will be entirely satisfactory to the major-general commanding. I will only add if any other statement has been made with regard to this affair, I unhesitatingly say it is a falsehood.

I regret to trouble you with so long a communication upon a personal explanation.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BATES,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT WESTERN LOUISIANA,Alexandria, September 15, 1863.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Commanding Texas, &amp;c., Beaumont:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 10th instant.

Permit me to congratulate you on the glorious success of your arms, and to indulge the hope that this auspicious beginning may be but an earnest of the future. I regret that the present disposition of my forces will prevent me from moving to your assistance as rapidly as I could desire. I have been compelled to look to the defense of the Red River Valley, as being of the first importance to both Texas and Louisiana. The shortest line from the Mississippi into the interior of this State is from Mortganza, and I have a considerable portion of my troops in that quarter, where they have been interrupting the commerce of th enemy on the Mississippi, and recently repulsed with heavy loss a column sent to drive us away. These dispositions have left but few troops at Vermillionville or below, but I have taken the necessary steps to prepare for a move in the direction you indicate. If, however, you are right in your impression that the enemy design making a lodgment on the Calcasieu, he will succeed in establishing himself there long before I can reach that point; but his attempt to operate from that base against you can, I trust, be seriously interfered with by movements from this quarter.

I have some reasons for believing that General Franklin intends to operate against you farther west, and that the attack at Sabine was not intended to be serious. This has undoubtedly occurred to you. I will add in conclusion that should the future operations of the enemy bring us together, I anticipate much pleasure from serving under your command.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

