HEADQUARTERS SABINE PASS,September 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General MOUTON,

Commanding Forces South of Red River, Vermillionville, La.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to inform you that the enemy's fleet of gunboats and transports recently off this Pass have either gone to Berwick Bay, or Brashear City, or New Orleans, having stopped at the mouth of the Calcasieu only long enough to communicate with the land. He has secured information, however, which he considers reliable and entitled to belief, that they intend soon returning to attack this point with a larger force and vessels of a different and more formidable character.

Every preparation is being made to receive their attack, which is hourly looked for.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C., Numbers 148. Sabine Pass, Tex., September 16, 1863.

The following order is published for the information of all concerned:

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 38. Shreveport, La., August 26, 1863.

In accordance with the proclamation of the President, a general pardon and amnesty is hereby granted to all officers and soldiers now absent without leave, in the Trans-Mississippi Department, who will return to duty by the 30th day of September proximo.

Officers and enlisted men, absent from their commands east of the Mississippi River, will, under this amnesty, report as follows, viz: Those From Arkansas at the camp of instruction at Washington, and district headquarters; from Texas, at Bonham and Houston; from Louisiana, at Shreveport and district headquarters; and will be permitted to join any regiment of their own corps they may elect.

This amnesty and pardon shall also extend to all who have been convicted and undergoing sentence for absence without leave, or desertion, excepting only those who have been twice convicted thereof.

By command of Lieutenant General Kirby Smith.

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The commanding officers at Houston and Bonham will designate an officer to whom these officers and men will report.

They will be allowed to select any regiment of their corps in this district, and will receive from the officers appointed for the purpose the necessary orders. Transportation and subsistence supplies will be furnished.

The major-general commanding calls upon all concerned to avail themselves of the amnesty within the time, or else they will be hunted down, brought in as deserters, and punished according to the law.

Colonel N. C. Gould, of the Twenty-third Texas Cavalry, has been assigned to the duty of excepting this order.

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

