HEADQUARTERS,Port Brown, September 18, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston:

SIR: I announced previously the capture of the William Peel by the United States squadron, the said vessel being in Mexican waters, taking cotton on board.

The English ship of war Pylades has arrived, since the departure of the Peel, and the necessary affidavits have been laid before the captain of that ship to prove her legal status; a vessel has been dispatched to New Orleans to demand her surrender, and it is supposed she will be given up.

New Orleans papers to the 12th have been received. Charleston still stands. General Gillmore and Admiral Dahglren have quarreled, and operations suspended; it is thought that Admiral Farragut will be sent there. A battle between Lee and Meade is announced as imminent. The French have ordered the coast of Mexico under blockade expecting the port of Matamoras. There will be no occupation by the land forces at present, but a large naval squadron will be kept permanently off the bar. All this tends to a speedy closing for this port for our trade, for the Yankees will see the necessity of taking Brownsville, and then the Yankee-Mexican guerrillas will render too dangerous the transit of commerce.

No other news of importance. I beg to tender to the major-general commanding my congratulations on the brilliant affair at Sabine. It has inspirited us all.

With the respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, Tex., September 18, 1863.

H. S. BELL and FRANK BROWN:

By virtue of the authority in me vested, your are hereby authorized to cruise on the high seas in the schooner Santiago, under the Confederate flag, and, in the name of the Confederate States, to capture, burn, and destroy the ships of the Government or people of the United States wherever found.

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

GALVESTON, TEX.,

September 18, 1863.

Lieutenant [JOHN] BRASHEAR,

Post Adjutant"

SIR: Inclosed I send a report just received by me from Lieutenant-Colonel Robertson of events disgraceful in their character which transpired while I was in Houston, in conference with the chief of the cotton bureau. I regret that I had no received information at an earlier day. My first reliable information of the extent and character of the mutiny was to-day. On yesterday I learned at Houston, through unofficial

