
sources, enough to cause me to communicate direct with General Bankhead, asking him to arrest Muray and the men under him. Conduct so disgraceful as that reported by Lieutenant-Colonel Robertson, in which so many are culpable, must find its explanation in the inefficiency of company officers, which I will do my utmost to remedy be preferring charges.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

A. W. TERRELL,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment of Texas Cavalry.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TERRELL'S REGIMENT,Galveston, September 17, 1863.

Colonel A. W. TERRELL:

SIR: On the evening of the 11th instant I received orders from Major-General Magruder, at Camp Kelsoe Spring, Colorado County, to proceed with the troops under my command to Galveston, leaving detail to take care of horses, &amp;c. On the receipt of the order, I paraded the troops, consisting of about 340 men, had the orders from Major-General Magruder read to them, and also orders I had prepared for them, giving in detail the necessary instructions for the march. When the orders had been read, I addressed the troops on the subject of their being dismounted. As there was some discontent on that subject, I gave them the assurances of the general commanding and your own that we were but to be temporarily absent from our horses, and that we were only called away for a time to repel the invasion of Texas. When I had finished, Captain [C. G.] Murray, commanding Company F, asked to say a few words to me. He began by saying that the order looked very much like dismounting the troops, and for one he as not willing to leave his horse; said he had promised this men that they should not be dismounted; that he had been fooled once before and never got back to his horse. During the time he was frequently cheered by the troops, and the excitement grew so intense throughout the regiment, the fermentation increased to such an extend, that I saw there as no chance to suppress it I again spoke to the men, and denounced Captain Murray, and tried to convince the troops that he was misleading them. I was oftentimes interrupted by vociferous cheering for Captain Murray. I found that insubordination had been increased and exited by Captain Murray to such an extend that the troops were beyond my control I dismissed the parade, hoping that by next morning a better condition of affairs would occur. The troops were boisterous for a time, but soon they all retired in apparent quietude.

On the morning of the 12th, I went up the lines, and found the excitement again rising, and a large number of horses saddled up and the troops preparing to leave. I called them up again and addressed them. At this time Captain Murray and the troops generally seemed to become satisfied upon my assurance that I had concluded to call for volunteers to go with me to Galveston to repel the enemy. My object in this was to gain time, and in moving our camp to once more get control for the men by proper influences. I retired to my quarters, and in a short time received information that Captain Murray, at the head of about 100 men, had left. I hastened up the line; found it was true. I was powerless without arms, and at that time did not suppose I could get men to use them if I had them.

