
Some time afterward, about two hours, I found that these troops took with them many of them horses, some of the clothing and baggage, of the men of their respective companies who had been previously sent to Galveston. I also learned that Captain Murray had, very early in the morning, sent to Alleyton, where the saddle of those who had been sent to Galveston were left under guard, and by force took from the guard the saddles of those whose horses they were to take away with them. The troops under Captain Murray left in a body, and consisted of his own company, 25 men; of Captain [James E.] Gray's company, 4 men; of Captain [Israel] Spikes' company, 30 men; of Captain [William C.] Hurley's company, 30 men; and Lieutenant [J. G.] Chancellor, who was in command of them. I conceive it to be my duty to state that Captain Taylor, Captain [Reuben A.] Reeves, and his lieutenants, Lieutenant [Charles C.] Grayson, Lieutenant [George W.] Reynolds, Lieutenant [J. M.] Cameron, and Lieutenant [Byron C.] Sigler, did their duty as officers in suppressing insubordination and mutiny, and in their respective companies succeeded.

On the day preceding the day I received the orders to proceed to Galveston, some of Captain Murray's men went to the town of Alleyton, inquired the specie prices of boots, and purchased seven or eighth pairs, and paid for them in Confederate money at the specie price, or offered to pay for them, which was refused, and they took the boots by force and brought them away. Upon being informed of this, I ordered Captain Muray to find the perpetrators and arrest them, and bring in the boots, to be returned, and assured him that the perpetrators should be punished. This order was said regarded. I have since been informed that Captain Murray directed the men to do the very act. These things did not come to my knowledge till too late to apply the remedy. I am confident that Captain Murray laid all his plans and promised protection to all who would led away by Captain Murray in the excitement, who will return when they see the error.

I should have stated in the proper place that Lieutenant Chancellor, so I have since been informed, did very much in fermenting and exciting the troops to insubordination by false representations and putting in circulation false reports. I left the proper detail of men in charge of horses, and some who were inefficient yet as soldiers, being sick and convalescent, and brought with me to this place 98 men and 9 officers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. ROBERTSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Terrell's Regiment Texas Cavalry.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DEPT. OF THE GULF,Pollard, Ala., September 19, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report in regard to the organization of my brigade, consisting of the Fifty-fourth [fifty-seventh] Alabama Regiment Infantry, Colonel J. P. W. Amerine commanding; the Fifth [Sixth] Alabama Regiment Cavalry, Colonel C. H. Colvin commanding; the Fifty-fifth [Sixty-first] Alabama Regiment Infantry, Colonel W. G. Swanson commanding; the Sixth [Seventh] Alabama Regiment Cavalry, Colonel Joseph Hodgson commanding; Clanton's battery, Captain N. H. Clanton commanding; and Tarrant's battery, Captain [Edward] Tarrant commanding.

