
The gunboat Grand Duke; Hull very much out of repair, much strained, and leaking badly; requires constant pumping. Engine good, but out of line, and requires a thorough overhauling and some repairs. No armament and no equipment. The accompanying list of articles,* certified by Captain Britton (former commander), comprises all that was received when turned over.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHS. M. FAUNTLEROY,

Lieutenant-Commander.

W. B. HALL,

Lieutenant, C. S. Navy.

WILLIAM FRICK, JR.,

First Assistant Engineer.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 14. Shreveport, La., May 30, 1863.

Colonel S. S. Anderson, assistant adjutant-general, having reported for duty, is announced as assistant adjutant-general, Department Trans-Mississippi.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

H. P. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, Houston, May 30, 1863.

Colonel J. GORGAS,Chief of Ordnance, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I have understood that Major [Caleb] Huse, the purchasing agent at London of our Government, is under the impression that we do not require a further supply of small-arms on this side of the Mississippi, and, consequently, has not and is not forwarding any in this direction.

He is probably not aware of the fact that 8,000 stand of arms, intended for this department, have either been captured by the enemy or lost at sea, as the vessel which was to have brought them from Havana has not been heard from, and she is long overdue. It is my conviction that we require at least 40,000 stand of arms to supply the deficiencies now existing and to arm the troops now in the field. Only one-third of the force now under my command is well armed, and a large number without any arms at all. In case of an investigation, I would be compelled to call out a much larger force, and for them there would be no arms whatever.

I propose to send Mr. Mohl (the bearer of this communication), a gentleman of marked financial ability,as agent for the purchase of these arms, and also for the purchase of two light-draught steamers, drawing not more than 8 feet of water, to be bought for the purpose of bringing the arms in; one to come in at the Brazos, which now has on its bar from 10 to 12 feet of water, and the other at the Rio Grande; these arms and vessels to be paid for on their delivery here, in cotton. I have reason to believe that Mr. De Leon, in Paris, can make such arrangements as to satisfy the French Government that the arms are for the Confederacy, and not the Mexican Government, and can obtain

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

