
On the 30th day of last July, in muster-rolls of the Fifty-fourth [Fifty-seventh] Alabama Regiment Infantry, seven of the Fifty [Sixth] Alabama Regiment Cavalry, six of the Sixth [Seventh] Alabama Regiment Cavalry, two for the Fifty-fifth [Sixty-first] Alabama Regiment Infantry, and one roll each of Captains [George] Goldthwaite's and Tarrant's batteries, were forwarded by me through Mr. [O. M.] Avery, president of Alabama and Pensacola Railroad, and delivered by him, as he reports, on the 3rd day of August last, to Honorable John A. Campbell, Assistant Secretary of War, to be filed by him in the War Department.

At that time and until very recently, owing to the disorganized condition of my command, the greater portion of it being detached and at various times ordered to different points to meet anticipated raids and incursions of the enemy both in Mississippi and Alabama, it has been almost impossible to receive reports or records from the detached commands of my brigade.

My command, with the exception of the Fifth Alabama Regiment Cavalry (now detached and to the front on outpost duty), is now concentrated at Pollard, Ala., and all embarrassments being now removed, I hope in a few days to be able to forward complete rolls showing the organization of my brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. CLANTON,

Commanding Eastern Division, Department of the Gulf.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., September 19, 1863.

Honorable JOHN L. LEWIS,

Minden, La.:

SIR: I am instructed by Lieutenant General E. K. Smith to inclose to you the within papers,* in relation to the disaffected in the parishes of Winn, Jackson, and Claiborne. You will see from these papers the importance of using gentle means to satisfy, if possible, the men referred to. If they have cause to complain and real grievances, they should b e heard and there wrongs redressed. You will then proceed to the camp of Lieutenant-Colonel Burleson, and with this letter of authority and instructions see these men and assure them of the desire of the lieutenant-general commanding to redress all past grounds of complaint, if in his power to do so. You will use your own mode, manner, and address to accomplish your object of satisfying these men and continuing their loyalty.

Should you be unable to go yourself, you are authorized to appoint as his agent some discrete and suitable man for the purpose. This course has been taken by the lieutenant-general commanding in consequence of the professins of loyalty, &amp;c., set forth in the inclosed notice stuck up by them in the place of Colonel Burleson's proclamation.*

You must use your best efforts and judgment to accomplish successfully your mission.

You are hereby authorized to call upon Lieutenant-Colonel Burleson for any assistance or means you may need in carrying out your instructions. Upon proper representations, a portion, if not all, the men may be induced to return to their homes and submit to the laws.

You will report the result of your mission to these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, &c.,

GUY M. BRYAN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

