
Let arm themselves and come without the least delay. By a combined effort the enemy will be defeated.

We will not look at the other alternative, but all must respond to this call with the utmost promptness. The army of speculators is respectfully invited to participate on this occasion.

J. BANKEHAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Sabine, September 19, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to herewith transmit, for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding, a copy of the letter found on the captured steamer Clifton.* Copies of the same were forwarded to Generals Taylor and Mouton, and in my letter to General Taylor I endeared to impress upon him the importance of assisting me. Since my last communication, I have positive intelligence that the enemy were at least 15,000 strong, and will return with certainly not less than 20,000. To meet them, I have at present here not more than 1,600 for duty, officers and men, and though I may succeed in repelling for a brief period their first onslaught, they will undoubtedly be successful eventually, unless Brigadier-General Mouton's command is hurried forward to my assistance.

There is very little water in Red River now, which renders that country safe, at least from a naval attack, and if they get a footing in Texas with such a force, Louisiana will have to be abandoned, in my judgment. The importance of immediate relief in this quarter is, I think, apparent, and I trust my views may commend themselves to the lieutenant-general commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,Sabine Pass, September 19, 1863.

Brigadier-General McCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that the State is seriously threatened by an invading force of 15,000 men. Neither the troops asked for nor Luckett's brigade, previously ordered, can be spared. The major-general commanding has only 2,500 to meet a force of 15,000.

Captain [Alexander] McCulloch will be assigned to duty as paymaster of the Northern Sub-District at once.

Your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

