
Direct Colonel [A. H.] Davidson to collect all his men, and report to Brigadier-General Debray at Galveston, to act as infantry, without the least delay.

Direct Brigadier-General Debray to call out every one of the militia at Galveston, and arm with the arms formerly used by Terrell's regiment. Other arms have been given Terrell's regiment, and it is presumed he has them.

Direct the quartermaster at Liberty to have transportation in readiness to take the troops at that place to Galveston should the enemy make an attack there on land.

Direct Major Bloomfield in the general's name to send corn at all hazards to Beaumont. If not, he will be responsible and no ne else.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]-Telegraph, and forwarded by first train.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., September 22, 1863.

Brigadier General RICHARD TAYLOR:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to inform you that you will give instructions to the officers who are directed to reorganize their commands, under General Orders, Numbers 43, current series, department headquarters, to grant furloughs of thirty days to such men as were paroled at Vicksburg and Port Hudson and afterward ordered to the parole camps and granted furloughs.

Such men as belonged to the garrisons of those places, that were paroled by the enemy and by him permitted to cross the river without furloughs, have been improperly paroled; their paroles will, therefore, not be considered binding; they will be immediately placed in camp and made ready for service.

I inclose an extract from a letter of the Secretary of War on this subject, which gives in full the views of the Department.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Lieutenant-General Holmes and Major-General Magruder.)
HEADQUARTERS FORCES SOUTH OF RED RIVER,In the Field, near Opelousas, September 22, 1863.

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sabine Pass., Tex.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 17th instant. In a previous communication I stated to Major-General Magruder that his request had been submitted to my commanding officer, Major-General Taylor. The latter considers it impossible and impracticable to answer to General Magruder's call. All

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

