
about 2,000 effective men. Every detailed man that can possibly be spared has been ordered to rejoin his command, and appeals have been made to the minute-men and State troops, and, I am happy to inform you, with some success.

By the energy and zeal of Major Cave, the chief of the bureau of State troops, cavalry is being assembled rapidly at Liberty, on the Texas and Northern Railroad, and in a few days he expects to have 1,000 State cavalry there, under the command of Colonel Townes. At a double byou on the road leading from Liberty to this place, the general has placed a fine battery of light artillery, supported by cavalry, to prevent this position being turned. The troops here and in the immediate vicinity are under the command of Colonel A. Buchel, a gallant, efficient, and meritorious officer, who served through the Mexican war, and whom he regards as one of the ablest officers in the department.

There are at present six vessels off the bar, one of which is represented as being an iron-clad, and, from all the information that can be gained, the general is of the opinion the attack will be renewed with an increased force at no very distant day; and he thinks their delay is owing only to the time required to bring iron-clads and mortar-boats from the Mississippi, and until the equinoctial glares are over. The greater portion of their transports in the recent attack were Mississippi River steamboats, which of course, would be unmanageable in stormy weather on the Gulf.

In order to blockade the channel, the general has ordered several old vessels to be sunk below the fort, and they are now being made ready for that purpose. The channel in the Pass is very narrow, but about 15 to 18 feet deep, and if we can successfully obstruct it, to do which only time is required, the general regards this post secure from a naval attack.

In his communications to Major-General Taylor and General Mouton, the major-general commanding has endeavored to impress upon them the necessity of co-operation and immediate relief. From the termor of their communications, however, he has little hope of receiving assistance from the, and fears that he will have to rely solely on the little force now gathered here.

Our troops are in fine spirits and eager to emulate the example of the heroic little garrison that so successfully repelled the enemy on the 8th instant, and at every signal of attack have rushed promptly into line.

All traces of mutinous conduct seem to have disappeared, and the general has great confidence in them if called into action. Trusting that his disposition for the defense of the State may be crowned with success, the major-general commanding desires to tender you his best wishes for your success in the administration of the department.

With great respect, I have the honor, general, to remain, your friend and obedient servant,

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, Tex., September 22, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston:

We, the undersigned, respectfully recommend that Major Santos Benavides, of the Thirty-third Texas Cavalry, be assigned to duty, subject

