HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Sabine Pass, September 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General DEBRAY, Commanding Galveston, and

Brigadier-General SCURRY, Houston:

Five steamers and two supply vessels in sight to-night. Three close into the bar, as usual. All quiet. I have received to-day from General Taylor official information of the landing of 15,000 Yankees at Berwick Bay from New Orleans by railroad. They have with them a large amount of transportation, and are under command of Generals Ord and Herron, from Grant's army. Their destination is as yet unknown, and they are evidently not the same force that attacked Sabine Pass on the 8th.

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., September 24, 1863.

Colonel G. P. RANDOLPH,

Collingsburg, La.:

COLONEL: The movements of the enemy in Louisiana will very soon render it necessary to call out the companies organizing or home defense. Under the provisions of the act, and for their greater efficiency, they will be organized into battalions and regiment.

The power of appointing field officers is with myself. No time should be lost in completing these organizations, and I desire that you will command the battalion or regiment that will be first formed in Northern Louisiana.

Colonel J. L. Lewis, of Minden, has several companies under process of organization. B. Witherspoon, of Black Jack, De Soto Parish, Colonel B. L. Hodge, and W. S. Welch, of this place, have each been authorized to raise a company. There are other companies in process of formation, but a head is wanted to give life and organization to the whole. I inclose you your commission as colonel. The appointment of the other field officers will be made with your advice and on your recommendation.

Colonel B. L. Hodge, from his energy, experience, and position, would be the best appointment that I can suggest for the lieutenant-colonelcy. I suggest this matter to your earnest consideration, and, if you take it in hand, will materially hasten the organization of a regiment.

Let me thank you for the prompt and patriotic zeal with which you have responded to every cal made upon you by the authorities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Alexandria, September 24, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: My latest from below is of the 22nd instant. The enemy had made no attempt to advance up the Teche. His pickets had driven ours to Pattersonville, at the mouth of the Teche, 9 miles from the bay,

