
I have said, whose patriotism and integrity were, of course, unquestionable, approved similar plans in Richmond last fall. The decided determination of the President was based upon the moral and political consequences of such a commerce, which he regarded as of the most dangerous tendency, in which view I know very many judicious persons concur.

Knowing the above facts, I did not think it right to keep them to myself, but leave it to your discretion to communicate them or not, your official and personal relations with General Smith being of such a character as will enable you to determine better than I could.

* * * * *

Very truly, your friend,

S. HART.

[SEPTEMBER 24, 1863.- For Bankhead to Magruder, in reference to operations in Arkansas and Indian Territory, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p. 1026.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Alexandria, September 25, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the communication of the lieutenant-general commanding, 23rd September, and accompanying documents.

The force at Berwick Bay is now very large. Grant is in New Orleans, and will command the expedition - stated on all hands to be for Texas. Two at least of Grant's army corps, probably McPherson and Ord, with whatever Banks can supply, are at Berwick Bay. Their encampments cover a larger area than did Banks' army last spring. Up to the night of the 22d, no advance had taken place, except by a cavalry regiment and four light pieces; this force has driven in our pickets this side of Franklin, but seems to be too far from their supports to indicate an advance of the main body. Probably knowing our force, they desire to enlarge their preparations, and prevent us from overlooking their operations at the bay. I have directed Major's brigade, with two pieces, to re-enforce Vincent's regiment on the Lower Teche, to restrain the enemy and force him to develop his plans. As I amy need all my cavalry for this purpose, I have directed General Walker to move at once to the Lower Boeuf to relieve Green, almost constantly engaged with the enemy. I leave for below to-night or to-morrow. Inclosed are communications from General Magruder to General Mouton.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

SHREVEPORT, LA.,

September 25, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding District of Louisiana:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Let me thank you for your letter of the 22d. The free expression of your views and the cordial tone throughout are

---------------

*No inclosures found.

---------------

