
He directs me to say until the enemy's plans are further developed no plan can be adopted.

The letter you inclosed intimates an intention of the enemy's invading by way of the Teche and Red River.

General Taylor reports Franklin's command, increased by Ord's and Herron's corps, of Banks' army, landing at Berwick Bay, and the concentration of a large amount of transportation indicates that the enemy intend moving by land from that point.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. MEEM, JR.,

Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C., Numbers 260. Beaumont, September 25, 1863.

* * * * *

X. Brigadier-General Bankhead will repair with his brigade without delay to Houston, Tex. The battery of mounted howitzers attached to his brigade will be attached by Brigadier-General McCulloch to General Steele's command.

General McCulloch will also send all cavalry ordered to report at Bonham forthwith to Millican, and there to report to the commanding officer at Houston, excepting two companies, which he will retain for courier service of Bonham.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Shreveport, La., September 26, 1863.

Major W. H. THOMAS,

Chief of Subsistence:

MAJOR: Lieutenant-General Smith directs preparations be made so that seven days' rations for 6,000 men, with forage, can be speedily collected at Minden when ordered. He directs that the corn at Camden be not removed from that place.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy of Major Minter, chief quartermaster.)

BEAUMONT, TEX.,

September 26, 1863.

Major-General TAYLOR:

GENERAL: Your dispatches have been received. It is obviously necessary that you should march with your whole force to effect a juncture with me near Niblett's Bluff. If the enemy should send his expedition against Texas, as both you in your dispatches of the 21st, and General Mouton in his of the 22d, say he doubtless will, I request that you will do so without the least delay the moment you ascertain that Texas is the object of this expedition. In anticipation of this, I earn-

