
show that the vessel was loaded for the Confederacy. I shall inclose copies of my communications by next express.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers -. Sabine Pass, Tex., September 28, 1863.

I. Brigadier General W. R. Scurry is hereby relieved of the command of the Eastern Sub-District of Texas, that he may obey orders from department headquarters.

II. Acting Brigadier-General Luckett will at once assume the command of the Eastern Sub-District of Texas.*

By command of Major General J. B. Magruder:

OSCAR M. WATKINS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,

Alexandria, September 29, 1863.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In the absence of Major-General Taylor, who has gone below, I ask respectfully to make the following statement for the consideration of the lieutenant-general commanding: A few weeks since, General Taylor received instructions from your headquarters to render every assistance to planters removing their negroes, and to promote such action where negroes were at all liable to fall into the hands of the enemy. These instructions have been obeyed, but planters complained bitterly that one-fourth of their negroes were taken from them after crossing the Sabine. It is now reported by persons returning from Texas that one-half are taken, in consequence of which many planters returning, preferring to risk the chances with the enemy. These reports may be much exaggerated or altogether false, and as I am frequently called upon by planters in relation to them, I would respectfully ask for such information as you may deem proper or have it in your power to give.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, October 6, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Magruder, commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.

I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that persons driven from their homes and seeking an asylum elsewhere should not have their negroes disturbed until they become settled, when they

---------------

*Luckett assumed command same day.

---------------

