
should and would come under the same rule as other residents. This is due alike to the Government, to the master, and the negro, for it they are taken away before a home is selected, they will certainly run off, and, not knowing where to go, will be lost both to the Government and their masters.

Respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT,October 9, 1863.

This subject has received my fullest reflection, and I am convinced that the Texas owners of negroes will not send their slaves so willingly if the same rule be not adopted in regard to the people of Louisiana as to themselves. Few or no negroes have been lost in the manner stated, and few have been so impressed, if any; but if the suggestion of Lieutenant-General Smith be carried out,t eh masters will never find a home for their slaves. It will produce great confusion to make this change now, and I hope the indorsement of Colonel Anderson is not considered an order. Should it be ordered by the lieutenant-general commanding that I should discharge all the negroes I have impressed from the people of Louisiana in Texas who have not settled themselves, I would have to discharge all I have. The business of the negro bureau works well now for the first time, and I do hope the lieutenant-general will not permit the representations of interested parties (planters from Louisiana or elsewhere) to interfere with it.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,Sabine Pass, September 29, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General McCulloch has written that he has no funds to pay back debts, nor to pay present or prospective ones, and that he cannot get along in his command if he be not furnished with funds. I send you his letter and estimates.* I have called on the staff officers of the department for funds, and sent after them, but could get none. I have supported a large portion of General Taylor's army for months, furnishing transportation and subsistence stores, and my quartermaster has called on his for the money which we had to pay for these stores, but received none. I furnished funds for Bankhead's brigade, and that is well off; but General McCulloch writes that he is called upon to furnish Steele's troops, for whom no estimate has been or can be made by me, as General Steele's district is not under my command. it is obvious that if a district commander is called upon to furnish supplies which he has to buy with money, and account to another district commander for whom he is not allowed to make estimates, that the funds thus advanced must be returned or he will fail. General Taylor ought to have sent me the funds to pay for the provisions fur-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

