
say injustice, because I have raised and mustered into service for the war twenty companies, and that too, without the aid of State or Confederate authorities. I mean by this that no company has ever been assigned to my command by the Executive or the commanding general, excepting one company by Major-General Magruder, and that one company was originally detached from my command. Under these circumstances, I feel that I am fully justified in appealing to the commanding general against this injustice, especially as I am convinced that this will be the first point of attack upon our coast.

I am, very respectfully,

J. BATES,

Colonel, Commanding at Velasco.

[P. S.] - Captain [R. W.] Hargrove's (cavalry) company of Lieutenant-Colonel Brown's battalion was taken or detached from my command by the following order, delivered to me by Colonel Luckett:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C., Numbers -. Quintana, September 25, 1863.

Captain Hargrove, of Lieutenant-Colonel Brown's battalion, will proceed with his company as soon as practicable to Sabine Pass. Captain Hargrove will report to the major-general commanding District of Texas, &c.

By order of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

JOS. ED. DWYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 2, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of commanding general. the order for Hargrove's company was issued by me, General Magruder having directed me to issue it. Colonel Bates had refused to allow the company to leave under an order from Colonel Brown.

P. N. LUCKETT,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding Eastern Sub-District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,Sabine Pass, September 29, 1863.

Major J. C. STAFFORD, Commanding at Niblett's Bluff:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to direct you to send without delay, by steamer Florida, to Beaumont, via Sabine Pass, the clothing, shoes, &c., now at Niblett's Bluff belonging to Sibley's brigade.

You are also directed to impress, in accordance with the provisions of the impressment act, all of the molasses at that post, paying for it if there are funds enough on hand; if not, by giving certified accounts. You will also send down to this post with this molasses (retaining one barrel of molasses for your post) all of the salt beef and bacon on hand excepting two barrels of each, which you will keep for issue only to Nolan's mounted pickets or detached infantry, the rest of the troops to be furnished with beef rations instead.

These stores you will send down to Captain [E. P.] Alsburry, post commissary at this place, who will receipt for them. You will also send all of the bagging and rope of Major McKee at the Bluff to Major Bloomfield, at Houston. You will also send to this place all the Government sugar excepting two hogsheads, shall of the remaining wagons now being repaired, the carpenters, with tools, and all of the axes not

