
in order to enable us, if it was necessary, to certify that the arms and ammunition of war brought by said schooner were intended for the Confederate States.

That the consignments of the said ammunition of war and Enfield rifles made to the house of Hale &amp; Co., of Matamoras, had for object to protect said schooner Love Bird on the high sea, and that it was sent to Matamoras for the reasons that it was a neutral port between the Confederate and United States.

That the schooner Love Bird on its arrival threw anchor in Mexican waters; that one-half of its cargo was taken by lighters and brought to Point Isabel, Tex., 14 miles distant from the mouth of the Rio Grande, and that not even a single rifle has been unloaded on the Mexican territory, and the intent of General Bee was to bring all the ammunition of war brought by the Love Bird to Point Isabel, a small seaport of Texas, not far off from Brazos Santiago.

That while General Bee was engaged in the operation of unloading the Love Bird and superintending the same, a man of war of His Imperial Majesty seized, on Saturday, the 26th instant, the schooner Love Bird, and raised the anchor on the following day at daybreak, without giving us the opportunity of imparting to the captain of the frigate of His Imperial Majesty what we knew about the destination of the cargo of the Love Bird.

That the authorities of Matamoras have confiscated the lighters that did transport a part of the ammunition of war from the Love Bird to Point Isabel; that they have arrested and put in gaol the seamen who used said lighters for violation of the neutrality laws, and for having defrauded the municipal and custom-house revenues of Matamoras.

In witness whereof we have delivered these presents, which we have singed after previously affixing the seal of the vice-consulate of France.

Matamoras, this the 28th day of September, A. D. 1863.

The vice-consul of France:

[IMPERIAL SEAL.]

I. I. BRUZON.

Report of operations for the defenses of Mobile, Ala., for the month of September, 1863.

FORT MORGAN.

A small force of laborers has been employed in cleaning out the ditch, repairing traverses, &c. Thirty torpedoes have been placed in the main ship channel, half a mile outside the fort, and occupying half the width of the channel, from the west side easterly.

FORT GAINES.

Nothing has been done here during the month.

GRANT'S PASS.

The battery at this place is being enlarged so as to mount six heavy guns, and will contain bomb-proof shelter for the garrison and stores. A large quantity of sand has been transported to the site, and a part of the bomb-proof shelter has become available. four of the gun platforms have been laid.

The work has been vigorously shelled on several occasions by the enemy's gunboats in Mississippi Sound, but without effect. About the end of September, and during the enemy's absence, sixteen torpedoes were planted near his station of attack, and up to this date he has not ventured to return within shelling distance. It is hoped that this bat-

