
for me to accede to your request; in addition to which I am just in receipt of a letter from the lieutenant-general commanding, directing me to hold my troops in readiness, and advising me of the probability of my marching at an early day to Arkansas, to effect a junction with Major-General Price. Unless, therefore, there existed imminent danger of your being attacked, and I could reach you at a point where such attack is certain, I do not fell myself justified in moving the troops as you request.

In relation to the supplies at Niblett's Bluff, if they are not absolutely needed by you, I would suggest that they should for the present be left at the Bluff, as I may receive such communication from the lieutenant-general commanding which will either order or permit me to join you.

The force which was at Brashear City has left that place, and if before the receipt of this communication it has not appeared at Sabine Pass, its destination is either some other point on the Texas coast or Mobile. I take pleasure in informing you that on yesterday a portion of our forces, under command of General Green, attacked the enemy near Morganza, and achieved a very handsome victory, capturing two Parrott guns (field pieces) and between 300 and 400 prisoners.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Sabine Pass, September 30, 1863.

Surg. J. H. BERRIEN, Medical Director, &c.:

SIR: I am directed by Major-General Magruder to say that you will at once make, or cause to be made, estimates of funds required for the coming quarter, say, for 23,000 troops in this district.

This number is composed of about 13,000 volunteers and 10,000 armed and unarmed State troops, estimated from returns on file at these headquarters, the unarmed men being largely engaged in detail duties, usually performed by armed troops.

I am, doctor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers 173. Sabine Pass, September 30, 1863.

I. At the time that Paragraph II, Special Orders, Numbers 252, was issued from these headquarters, the major-general commanding was led to believe, from orders received from headquarters of the Trans-Mississippi Department, that the paroled prisoners captured at Vicksburg had been exchanged; since, however, he has learned that these prisoners have not been exchanged; therefore Paragraph II, Special Orders, Numbers 252, is made to read:

That the paroled prisoners captured at Vicksburg and elsewhere will, without delay, be organized by their commanding officers at suitable camps, selected for the purpose under the orders from the lieutenant-general commanding the department and the major-general commanding this district, preparatory for field service as soon as exchanged.

II. This paragraph is issued by virtue of instructions from the headquarters of the lieutenant-general commanding the department.

