
In consequence of the depreciation of our currency by the refusal of persons of both large as well as limited means in this district to receive Confederate money in payment for supplies and the liquidation of debts contracted by the Government, purchasing agents throughout this district, when it is found necessary to procure supplies in the vicinity of such persons, are hereby directed to apply to them first of all, and in case of a refusal by them to sell the supplies at a reasonable rate, or receive in payment for the same Confederate money, to impress such supplies from them, in preference to all others, observing in all cases the provisions of the impressment act.

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers 264. Sabine Pass, September 30, 1863.

* * * * *

II. Information having reached the major-general commanding that it was the intention of a small portion of this garrison to leave their colors and go to their homes because they had heard of the invasion of the northern frontier of the State by the Federals and Indians, the major-general commanding announces that no such invasion has taken place, but, on the contrary, that he has received information, much more rapid and direct than could possibly have been obtained by any one else, to the effect that the enemy has been driven back toward Forts Smith and Gibson, and that there is no cause of uneasiness whatever at this moment. He takes this occasion, however, to say to the good men of this command that they must not be misled by the base cowards who use these means but as a pretext to induce brave men to cover their cowardice on the plea of relieving their families at home.

When a country is invaded, if every man left his regiment to go home to protect his family, the army would soon be dissolved, and the country and every family in it would become an easy prey to a fore who openly declares that you shall not inhabit the land on which you dwell except as slaves. That such a base and despicable design should have been entertained at all, and especially on the spot made sacred and historic by the most brilliant achievement of the war, is almost past belief, and that any considerable portion of his troops would hesitate to inflict the most dire and summary punishment on the dastards and traitors that would attempt to carry out such a design, the major-general commanding scorns to believe.

Those who dare on this or any other pretext whatever, to leave their colors, shall be shot without mercy, and the commanding general will not insult the patriotism and the loyalty, the intelligence and the bravery of his men, by entertaining a doubt of their readiness to obey his orders for the execution of such miscreants.

It is also represented that some craven hearted officers have spoken disparagingly of the war, and that a few cowardly traitors in the ranks have said the only way to end it is for the soldiers to go home. None but those who feel that they are the basest of cowards, and fear that it will be known to their comrades in the day of battle, ever feel or express such sentiments.

the commanding general calls upon officers and men of this army, so remarkable for its gallantry and readiness to meet the enemy that those few exceptions but serve to heighten the picture of their devotion,

