
to bring at once to his knowledge any who are guilty of this conduct, subversive of good order and military discipline, and affording aid and comfort to the enemy, in order that they may be punished in the severest manner, and that they may be driven from the ranks of honorable men to hide their faces in confinement, whilst their names shall be published to their countrymen for execration, and go down to the latest posterity branded with infamy as the Arnolds of a revolution the most righteous and the most just that a people has ever inaugurated. Forbearance has already ceased to be a virtue, and the commanding general tells these men now, and for the last time, "The sword of justice shall fall."

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GALVESTON, TEX.,

September 30, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The undersigned memorialists, commissioned officers of the unattached companies now composing Colonel A. W. Terrell's regiment, Texas Volunteer Cavalry, would respectfully represent to the major-general commanding that on or about the 20th day of June, 1863, Colonel A. W. Terrell assumed command of these companies at Camp Scurry, Tex.

Subsequently the regiment was put on the march to Columbia, but was afterward ordered to Richmond, Tex., to await further orders.

On the 15th day of August, 1863, Colonel Terrell published an order from the major-general commanding, directing him to dismount the regiment, place the horses in charge of a detail, and proceed immediately with the regiment to Galveston Island.

In an address delivered to the troops on that occasion, Colonel Terrell assured them that the necessity for dismounting was only temporary; that they should be again remounted predicating his promise upon the assurances of the major-general commanding that the regiment would be permanently retained as cavalry, as remounted at an early day. With what dispatch and cheerfulness this order was obeyed the major-general is informed.

On the - day of September, 1863, an order was received by Lieutenant Colonel John C. Robertson, commanding detachment of regiment at Columbus, Tex., to make a further detail from the detachment to strengthen the regiment on the island. Under this last order, quite a number of men abandoned the service and returned to their homes -a sufficient number, indeed, to disorganize several companies.

The major-general commanding can but the aware of some of the causes which led to this dissatisfaction and unfortunate demoralization of the regiment. Some of the companies were placed under orders before their organizations were complete - before the arrival of the men in camp.

Consequently, when the last order was received, making a further detail for the defense of Galveston Island, many whom could not communicate with their officers at Galveston became alarmed at the prospect of being permanently dismounted, and deserted as before mentioned.

Your memorialists would further represent to the major-general commanding that as these companies were originally organized under the

