
auspices of the Arizona Brigade, and contemplating an active cavalry service, we recognized no labor too onerous and no sacrifice too great in our efforts to mount and equip our respective companies.

Your memorialists would further respectfully represent to the major-general commanding that our companies are composed of men who have seen cavalry service during the present war, men inured to battle, and accustomed to all the hardship incident to the profession of arms.

With a just pride, we bent our energies to the tack of rendering our companies active and efficient, and, indeed, were approaching the highest state of efficiency when dismounted.

Our horses (the best the State can afford) were purchased at an enormous cost to ourselves and our companies; our equipments durable, and of the most approved style for cavalry service.

These things, together with the evident unorganized state of the regiment, may be regarded as the only palliation for desertion, and may, in some measure, extenuate the highly reprehensible course of some officers and men who are eager to recount them to justify their own conduct. We can assure the major-general commanding that we do not believe those who have deserted the ranks are men disloyal to the Government or unfriendly to our cause. On the contrary, we know them to be men of tired courage and patriotism, who are now seeking the ranks in some portion of our army, and who will at once return to duty and fill their companies, if the regiment is speedily remounted and directed in an active field of service.

Being citizens of Northeastern Texas, and not being acclimated as far south as Galveston, our regiment is becoming alarmingly depleted by disease. Your memorialists would further respectfully represent to the major-general commanding that our regiment being so divided, discipline and drill are rendered utterly impracticable. Under all these circumstances, the regiment is shorn of its strength, and powerless for good.

We can but promise the major-general commanding that, if we are remounted at once and permitted to pursue our original purpose to its final consummation, at an early day our regiment will be unsurpassed by any in the service.

Relying implicitly upon the sincerity of our motives, and hoping this matter will recommend itself favorably to the major-general commanding, we are, as in duty bound, &amp;c.

S. H. B. CUNDIFF,

Captain Company E, Terrell's Regiment.

JAS. F. WARREN,

Captain Company G.

J. E. GRAY,

Captain Company I.

GEO. W. DIAMOND,

Captain Company H.

ISRAEL SPIKES,

Captain Company A.

WM. C. HURLEY,

Captain Company D.

W. PRESTON PAYNE,

Company C.

R. A. REEVES,

Company -.

H. J. TAYLOR,

Captain Company -.

