
CHOCTAW BLUFF.

The guns at this point have been excellently well placed in battery, under charge of Major Victor Von Sheliha, now relieved. Colonel [J. W.] Robertson, who succeeds him, is engaged with a very small force in sodding parapets.

OBSTRUCTIONS AT CHOCTAW BLUFF.

Owing to the peculiar difficulties of the place, it is my opinion that it would not be judicious to attempt to obstruct the river at this point.

At Dennard's Bluff, 16 miles above, is a point which is unobjectionable, easily occupied by a work of moderate extent, and where the channel can be obstructed by means of sawyers. The proposition to occupy it and obstruct the channel there is approved by General Maury.

SELMA, ALA.

The commanding officer at Selma having asked for an engineer to superintend the construction of defenses at that place, to guard against surprise by the enemy's cavalry, I was directed by the commanding general to send an officer, as desired.

Captain [Charles T.] Liernur, who was on furlough at the time, volunteered for this service, hoping that, if he should desire it, and extension of his leave might be obtained equal to the time thus occupied. He has been but a few days at Selma, and the extent and character of the works proposed are not yet known.

[D. LEADBETTER,

Brigadier-General, and Engineer.]

CANTON, MISS., June 1, 1863.

Colonel JOHN L. LOGAN,

Near Clinton, via Summit:

Your dispatch of yesterday* received. Do not move toward Jackson while you can do anything to help General Gardner.

Tell Captain [T. M.] Cochran the same, if his command is separate from yours.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, June 1, 1863.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT,Monroe, La.:

Inform General Taylor of the movements of [J. C.] Tappan's brigade. On its arrival at Monroe,it will be subject to his orders.

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Not found; but see Logan's report of May 29, Part I, p. 180.

---------------

