
I am satisfied there are none of the enemy near Vermillionville, for if they were there some of my men would have brought me the news by this time. I will wait here till 12 m. to get what information I can. I will start for the Bluff this evening.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

MAT. NOLAN,

Company G, Second Regiment Texas Mounted Rifles.

NIBLETT'S BLUFF, LA.,

October 2, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sabine Pass:

CAPTAIN: Since mine of yesterday, I received another dispatch from Captain Nolan in regard to a vessel, which I inclosed.

Very respectfully,

J. C. STAFFORD,

Major, &c.

[Inclosure.]

CALCASIEU, October 1, 1863.

Major STAFFORD:

SIR: Since writing to you this morning, I have seen Mr. Haskell, deputy marshal, who returned from the Mermenton about 12 o'clock last night. You will please find inclosed a statement which he made in regard to some questions that I have made of him. Please forward the same to Major-General Magruder. Ask the general if he wishes the vessel named in the statement seized by me. Mr. Haskell is also deputy collector, and has charge of the vessel at present. He thinks she is all right. No more news worth mentioning. I will be at the Bluff to-morrow.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &c.,

MAT. NOLAN,

Captain Company G, Second Regiment Texas Mounted Rifles.

[Sub-Inclosure].

LAKE CHARLES, LA.,

October 1, 1863.

Captain M. NOLAN,

Commanding Detachment of men at the Calcasieu and Mermenton Rivers:

DEAR SIR: In answer to your inquires regarding the schooner Derby, from New Orleans, now lying in the Memrenton River, I beg leave to state that she arrived about three weeks ago direct from New Orleans, with a small cargo, consisting of flour, coffee, Irish potatoes, &c. She cleared from New Orleans for Balize, Honduras, with the privilege of touching at Matamoras. She is under English colors. She has come here for a load of cotton.

From the best information I could get at the Mermenton, I am satisfied that the Yankees are not above Berwick Bay. They may have their scouts a few miles above, but I do not believe they are as far as Franklin.

The news I got is from persons direct from Bayou Teche. I am informed they have never been as high as New Iberia in this last raid.

Parties that had left from different points below are all returning.

Most respectfully, yours,

W. H. HASKELL,

Deputy Confederate States Marshal.

