HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., October 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General McCULLOCH, Bonham, Tex.:

GENERAL: I have just received your letter of the 29th ultimo. Your position is a difficult one, your responsibilities many. I rely upon and place confidence in you, and so, I believe, do the people of your district. The deserters must be won back, the disaffected disposed of. If the steps you have taken do not bring immediate good results, decided measures must be adopted, the stern hand employed.

Bankhead's brigade has been ordered to Bonham to report to you. Make your arrangements in advance of its arrival. Have all the organizations of minute-men, the companies of "Sons of the South," all the good men of your district, in readiness to act with his command, and should your conciliatory measure shave failed, Bankhead's command will enable you to enforce order and restore confidence. The deserters must be arrested and brought back to their commands or exterminated. Affairs have reached such a crisis that in some parts of your district the question now is whether they or we shall control.

Disaffection and disloyalty, too, must be silenced. Any enemies in our midst who by their acts and public expressions clearly evince their disloyalty must be disposed of. Arrest and send them beyond the Rio Grande. The higher their position and influence the more prompt should be your action. The facts must be evident, the proofs clear and certain. They should be collected in written form, by affidavits, &amp;c., so that you may feel secure of the support of those in authority.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN SUB-MILITARY DISTRICT,Bonham, Tex., October 3, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I inclose you herewith a letter from Brigadier-General Bankhead, giving further information respecting the enemy in front of us here.

I have advised him to act in concert with General Cooper promptly, and to save the Indian Nation and Northern Texas, if possible; that I had no force to assist him with now; that I was trying to assemble a force, and, if the enemy advanced, would come with what I had, whether little or much, and stand or fall with them.

I cannot ask the general for more troops, as he seems to need these that I have here; but I must ask him, if it is possible for him to do without them, not to take any from me that I have.

Please hand these communications to the general immediately.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Sub-Military District.

[Inclosure.]

MOUNTAIN STATION,

Choctaw Nation, September 29, 1863.

Brigadier General HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District, Texas:

GENERAL: General Cooper and myself having met at this place for purpose of consultation, it was agreed between us that I should con-

