HEADQUARTERS,Sabine Post, October 5, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston, Tex.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith Commodore Leon Smith's report relative to the flag of truce from the enemy's vessels.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BUCHEL,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS MARINE DEPARTMENT, C. S. S. CLIFTON,Sabine Pass, October 5, 1863.

Colonel A. BUCHEL,

Commanding Post, Sabine:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note dated headquarters Sabine Post, October 4, requiring statement, to forward to the major-general commanding, of the object of flag of truce signaled from the enemy's fleet off Sabine Bar yesterday morning, the 4th instant, and which I answered in person. Arriving at the neutral position occupied by the truce boat, I met Mr. [Ezekiel D.] Percy and Mr. ---, of the enemy's gunboat Cayuga, who were delegated by the commanding officer of their squadron to inquire into the loss of the schooner Manhasset and the disposition of the crew by the Confederate authorities. I informed Mr. Percy that the crew were considered prisoners of war, to which he politely advanced the rule of nations, which he stated exempted shipwrecked seamen from being considered prisoners of war, and at liberty to be returned to their command.

Having received his views, I stated to him I would address the commanding general a note on the subject, and respectfully request him to examine to case. The Federal officer also handed me two letters, accompanied by the sum of $100, which he desired to be forwarded to Mrs. Thayer, of Calcasie, La. He was also desirous to know what time the schooner Manhasset went ashore, and whether anything had been saved from her. These questions I answered by stating the time, and also that I had saved everything. These two officers were extremely courteous and polite.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEON SMITH,

Commanding Marine Department.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Houston, Tex., October 6, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Commanding Western Sub-District, Brownsville, Tex.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Magruder to say that you will send forward to this place, without the slightest delay, the arms and ammunition which have just arrived on the Rio Grande, said to be 10,000 Enfield rifles, 3,000,000 percussion caps, and 2,000,000 rounds of small-arms ammunition. The general directs that you send ahead of this train couriers, with specific instructions that they watch carefully, and if the enemy now hovering around our coast in large numbers lands at any point, that these arms and ammunition be diverted so that they be not allowed to fall into the enemy's hands under any circumstances.

19 R R - VOL XXVI, PT II

