HDQRS. DISTRICT TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, Tex., October 6, 1863.

To His Excellency SANTIAGO VIDAURRI,

Governor of Nuevo Leon and Coahuila:

GOVERNOR: Your communication of August 30, relative to Andres Valenzuela and his band of robbers, has been just received, and in reply I beg leave to assure Your Excellency of my hearty co-operation in any measure tending to suppress and exterminate all such outlaws. You are, therefore, authorized to pursue and apprehend in this district all such characters as Valenzuela, and I shall direct the military authorities to render all assistance in their power to accomplish this laudable end.

Trusting that a united effort on the part of the two Governments will result in the restoration of peace and quiet on the frontier, I have the honor to remain, with respect, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Brown, October 6, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston:

SIR: Private letters from New York, dated September 19, say that an expedition on a large scale is fitting out for the Rio Grande. The United States consul at Matamoras told a reliable person yesterday that there would soon be here a force of 30,000 men, provided with boats and all appliances, to take prompt possession of this river. if this is so, the movement is against the French, and will precipitate the issue between them.

I have communicated with the French ship of war that took the arms. He says that papers were found on board that the arms were for the Juarez government; that the banker of the Mexican Government sent them out; that he was sent expressly to take the said vessel; believes that the arms which were saved are now in Mexico, for he knows that General Bee and Governor Ruiz mutually held each other, &amp;c.

The matter cannot be arranged this side of Paris, and I have already sent the necessary papers forward. The Frenchman professed to be surprised at the directness of the proofs, and changed his tune somewhat. He offered to take the supercargo of the vessel to Vera Cruz, that, with his papers, he might make such statements as would serve to make the matter clear before the court in Paris, but as the only object I have is to get the arms, if I have to wait until the court is heard from I take no interest in it; nor do I seek to assist the insurance officer nor the shipper of the goods, for it was by the ignorance of the latter that I lost the arms.

With great respect,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, October 7, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Commanding Western Sub-District:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Magruder to acknowledge receipt of any reply to your communication of the 14th ultimo.

