
have nothing to apprehend from your army in his march to Texas. He expected you to make battle at Vermillion Bridge or between Vermillion and Opelousas. Judge Dupre and other citizens here represent Mr. Raymond as true and devoted to us. He is the priest whom you saw at the judge's house and to whom you gave permission to go to New Orleans.

General Walker and his division are at Big Cane. I have communicated to him the information which I dispatched to you last night. Major [Louis] Bush was ordered all the sick, stores, &amp;c., to be moved toward Alexandria from this place and Washington. I await your orders at this place, and, unless otherwise directed, shall remain until General Mouton retires, when I will accompany the rear guard, and keep you posted of what is going on. General Green, with Semmes' battery, starts for General Mouton this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. LEVY,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Alexandria, October 9, 1863.

In the absence of Major-General Taylor, the within is respectfully forwarded for the information of Major-General Magruder.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,

Houston, Tex., October 8, 1863.]

Brigadier General HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have just received your letter of the 3rd instant. In the letter of September 22, I only meant to advise you, or to authorize you rather, to go into the Indian Territory and take command there, if, in your judgment, it was necessary. I have written to Lieutenant-General Smith, and advised him to attack the Indian Territory to this district; and, as affairs there do not press at present, you are perhaps better where you are. i have written you a long letter on the affairs of my district, and sent a copy of it to Lieutenant-General Smith. the difficulties are innumerable everywhere, and I fully appreciate your situation, but can do very little at present. I beg at least that you will continue to write to me privately and every way. I will do what is possible, but much must be left to your judgment at this distance.

Ten thousand Enfield rifles have gotten in safe at Brownsville.

In haste, yours, truly,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[HOUSTON, October 8, 1863.]

Brigadier General HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of October 2, 1863, inclosing copy of General Cooper's letter,

