
and in reply I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that, in view of the threatening aspect of affairs in the Indian Territory, you did right in not carrying out the order relative to Bankhead's brigade until you had heard from him.

Since our last communication, intelligence has been received of the embarkation of 30,000 Federals at Berwick Bay, who sailed to parts unknown, and as they have not made their appearance on the coast of Texas, the major-general commanding, strange as it may seem, believes that they have gone eastward. He therefore countermands the orders directing the troops under your command to proceed to Millican, and Bankhead's brigade, as well as the State troops, will remain with you. Dashiell's battery was ordered to your relief to-day. Information has been received of the safe arrival at Brownsville of 10,000 Enfield rifles with appropriate ammunition, and the major-general commanding will endeavor to supply your troops that are unarmed as soon as practicable.

The major-general commanding has received no report of the number of State troops that have arrived at Bonham, and why those who have not arrived are delayed, nor has he received any intelligence relative to General Gano, who was ordered to Bonham to command the State cavalry. He wishes you to give him precise as well as general information on the affairs in your district, and to keep him constantly informed on the subject. He has learned also that some State troops who went to Bonham returned home, and he directs me to say that he wishes you to hold them there, and permit them to return home under no circumstances. As to details, few should be made as possible, and those only for governmental purposes.

Since writing the above, your letter of the 3d, inclosing one from General Bankhead, has been received. When it is made certain that the 30,000 Yankees from Louisiana are not intended for Texas, but go east of the Mississippi, the general hopes to be able to re-enforce you. In the meantime, he thinks that with the arms left at Bonham by General Bankhead, and the arms brought in by the State troops, you will be able to have 1,200 additional armed men; and he desires that you will organize and drill the State troops as rapidly as possible. With these he thinks the enemy can be held somewhat in check until re-enforcements reach you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Galveston, October 8, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, after examining the injury done to the works on Galveston Island, I found the works in the following condition:

Fort Magruder.- The parapet in front of one gun was washed away to within few feet of the gun, and a part of the slope washed away in front of another gun. The breakwater was also washed away in front of the two guns; also the palisading for the same length. The magazines were not affected in any work. To replace the embankment it will require four days' work.

Pelican Spit.- The embankment on the sides of the embrasures washed

