
away; also the breakwater in front; no other damage. It will require ten days' work to make the repair.

The railroad between Fort Scurry and Fort Point washed away for half a mile. It is undergoing repairs. It will require ten days' more work. The balance and Pelican Spit, notwithstanding the injury, are ready for action to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. SULAKOWSKI,

Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Houston, October 9, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: The mouth of the Brazos requires for its defense artillery, infantry, and cavalry, in small numbers. I found Bates' regiment, thus composed, stationed there and well acquainted with the locality. This arrangement was made by Brigadier-General Hebert. I recognized it as a good one for the defense of the Brazos, and have kept it so. I thought it better to use these means thus prepared than to disorganize two regiments to accomplish that which was better done by other means.

Brown's battalion has not been sent to Louisiana nor has all of Bates' regiment arrived in Texas. My last dispatches from General Taylor, dated September 30, state that the enemy sailed from there for Texas or Mobile the day before; it is not yet time to learn if he has arrived at the Rio Grande; as soon as it is ascertained that such is not the case, I propose to send re-enforcements to Bonham, to Brigadier-General McCulloch, who represents this command (the Northern Sub-District) in the greatest danger. This movement may interfere with the reorganization of these regiments at present, but when it can be done it will be.

In my opinion the mouth of the Brazos can be better defended by Bates' regiment as it now is than by any other organization in my power. I have no unattached companies of infantry in the district, and I would not advise the dismounting of the Texas troops. I have, after careful reflection and experience, published an order to them, stating that they would "march on horseback and fight on foot." I believe no better arrangement than this can be made, and I would regret any order from my superior in rank which would force me to violate my official pledge to my troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[OCTOBER 9, 1863.]

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding District of Louisiana, &c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have withdrawn my supplies from Niblett's Bluff, but am prepared to send provisions to that point at a moment's warning from you that your troops will move in that direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

