
[OCTOBER 9, 1863.]

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Commanding Western Sub-District, Brownsville:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 28th September, 1863, reporting the arrival of the schooner Love Bird, loaded with arms, &amp;c., I am directed by Major-General Magruder to inclose copy of a letter to Major Russell, of 3rd July, 1863,* from which you will perceive that specific instructions were timely forwarded, so that the proper arrangements should be made to secure the entire cargo. the major-general is therefore surprised that a portion of these arms have not been secured, and are lost to the country.

The transaction is such an important one, and the failure to secure the arms of such a serious and grave character to the whole country, as to require an investigation by a court, unless a full and complete report of the whole matter is made by you. This is, therefore, especially requested at your earliest convenience; at once, if possible.

I am, general, &c.,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER'S OFFICE, DISTRICT OF TEXAS,

Galveston, October 10, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston:

CAPTAIN: Herewith I respectfully inclose the instructions left with Major J. Kellersberg, chief engineer Eastern Sub-District of Texas, which is respectfully, submitted.

I am, captain, yours, very respectfully,

W. SULAKOWSKI,

Chief Engineer.

[Inclosure.]

SABINE CITY,

October 5, 1863.

Major J. KELLERSBERG,

Chief Engineer, Eastern District Texas, Sabine Pass:

You will remain at this place, and take charge of the following works now in process of construction:

I. Both channels to be obstructed by piling in groups of five piles bolted together, and a line of torpedoes is placed about 60 feet below the obstructions, opposite the intervals of groups of piling. Should the enemy appear in force before the picking is complete, you will sink the boat Belle in Texas channel and fill the Louisiana channel with torpedoes.

The sunken schooner will receive additional ballast of several tons at the end most protruding out of the water, and left so for several days; then cut down to low-water mark, so as not to injure the joints.

II. Fort Griffin will be surrounded by a covered way all round; at the foot of the veered way an abatis will be made 5 feet high and 15 feet wide. For that purpose, all the mesquite trees in front of the fort and between the old fort and the lake will be cut down. Inside of the abatis, and joining, a strip of the foot of the covered way about 6 feet wide

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

