
to repair it would tend only to the benefit of the company, as the necessary repairs cannot be made in less than from two to four months; and the cost to place it in a serviceable condition, including material and labor, will not cost the Government less than from $30,000 to $40,000.

The advantage to the Government from the use of such a boat, could it be at once put into operation, I can well see, but in all probability, judging from communications received at these headquarters from the major-general commanding on yesterday, before this boat can be gotten ready for service, the enemy will have effected their object upon this coast, or will have been driven from it.

I am informed by Lieutenant Colonel A. M. Lea that after the boat is repaired it will require the services of the steamboat Lizzie Lake to keep her supplied with wood, and you have been heretofore notified of the inadequacy of the transportation in these bays to supply the requirements of this command, and now that four cavalry companies of the militia have been ordered to Corpus Christi, the services of all the transportation will be required to supply them with corn and wood.

I most respectfully submit the above, and request an early answer.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BRADFUTE,

Colonel, C. S. Army, Commanding Coast.

[Indorsement.]

DISTRICT HEADQUARTERS, Houston, October 14, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Sulakowski.

By order of General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers 266. Sabine Pass, October 1, 1863.

* * * * *

XV. Colonel W. R. Bradfute, commanding the coast, will at once cause the dredge-boat near Aransas Pass, belonging to Captain Hawley, to be chartered by the quartermaster's department and kept under the control of that department, subject, however, to instructions from the engineer department in regard to work to be performed in that department. This is a matter of importance, and will be attended to at once, and the execution of the order reported promptly to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Galveston, October 30, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER, Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston:

Respectfully submitted, in reply to the report of Colonel Bradfute, that-

1. Colonel Bradfute admits the importance of the services of a dredge-boat besides tending to secure communications with Fort Debray by Saluria Bayou (Devil's Elbow).

2. Most of the necessary material is already supplied from here, and all the necessary castings are completed.

