
in all probability gone away from Texas-certainly there is no portion of the Confederacy in any worse condition than we are to meet such a force-that the 10,000 guns, with ammunition, had arrived and that the major-general commanding was not displeased with my course respecting the movements of troops from this section of country, under his order And now, in return, permit me to give you the intelligence, through a copy of a letter from Brigadier-General Cooper, that our enemy has fallen back, and that we are advancing a little, but only to get to where there is some forage. This is a great relief to us, and will enable us to get ready for them whenever they come, or to help General Holmes, if he should have to fall back from Washington, Ark., in the direction of Fulton, &amp;c.

I regret that I cannot give as cheering accounts from the pacific policy toward the men in the brush as I had hoped. But few, comparatively, have come in. Still, I feel that much good has been done, that some will yet get in, and that public sentiment will sustain me in extreme measures where I have to use force, which is very desirable, under the circumstances. In the meantime, not having the force ready, I am still doing all that can be done consistently to bring them by a conciliatory course, but the moment I can get ready I shall use force promptly and vigorously.

Only two battalions of State troops have yet reached camp, the ---- and Fifteenth. Others are on the march; one expected in a day or two, another in a day or two more, and so on. Why they have not been more prompt I am not able to say. They plead want of transportation, &c., but I expect want of energy, and competency on the part of officers is the secret of the whole matter. None have left here that have reported for duty, and so far those that are in camp are behaving as well as any new troops I have seen, and seem to be trying to do their duty and learn to be soldiers.

General Gano reached here with his staff and body-guard last evening. I am highly pleased with him, and will put him in command of the State troops at once, and with his help hope soon to make them efficient. I shall certainly make as few details as possible, but it is indispensably necessary to detail shoemakers and tanners and thrashers, millers and blacksmith, if we supply the army with shoes and bread.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Sub-District.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp Magruder, October 9, 1863.

Brigadier General HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Sub-District of Northern Texas:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge your communication of 3rd instant, and to thank you for the information afforded and the assurance of support by you.

The enemy is now at Fort Smith, North Fork, though not in large force. General Blunt is expected back from Kansas on the 25th instant. I presume no important movements will be undertaken prior to his return. I will keep vigilant watch upon the enemy, and will apprise you of all worthy of note.

I have information that the Federal force has left Scullyville an has gone in the direction of Fort Smith, having burned some buildings

