
Russell is his superior, it would seem a violation of the rights of the latter officer to direct him to report to Captain Prescott, and receive instructions where to ship clothing and equipage supplies to, and when.

This difficulty might be obviated by directing Captain Prescott to report to Major Russell what clothing and equipage or material there for are needed in his sub-district for the first six months of the second clothing year (now commencing), and Captain Prescott's requesting Major Russell to supply the posts on the Lower Rio Grande and coast toward Indianola with they immediately need, and then ship the remainder of this six months' supply to Captain Prescott at San Antonio.

Captain Prescott ought to be in possession by this time of the precise information as to the number of troops in the Western Sub-District and their clothing account and wants, for General Bee issued an order two months ago that was designed, at my request, to furnish him that data. I have just received Captain Prescott's first report of stock on hand at San Antonio. I will consolidate it with that of the stock at his depot and the stock Major Russell has on the road (copies of invoices of same being furnished me by Major Bloomfield), and will forward it to the major-general commanding, together with a statement of the supplies of clothing due the troops for balance of first clothing year and first six months of second year, by which he will see at a glance the clothing resources of the district, what is needed and due, what can be furnished, and what we should have in addition.

I deem it necessary to state that Major Haynes, quartermaster, chief of clothing bureau, Trans-Mississippi Department, requires of me a monthly report of the stock of clothing and equipage in the State. This leaves it open to his orders; and as he has already taken away, for the troops in Arkansas and the Indian Nation, 5,000 jackets and 9,500 pairs trousers, I cannot altogether rely upon keeping for this district the stock which comes into its depots.

Major Haynes promises to return the supplies he draws from me, but I do not well see how he can do it, as he has to depend largely on the same source, I am compelled to look to-the Rio Grande importations. He controls, however, the Texas State penitentiary exclusively, so far as army supplies therefrom are concerned, and promised to let me have a share of those goods. The financial agent of the penitentiary informs me, however, that Major Haynes has not a very large stock there; as the major has not been able to place him in funds, and he can sell only for cash. Major Haynes also controls directly, through Captain [A. W.] Wright, assistant quartermaster, at Jefferson, Tex., the best portion of the leather-producing counties of Eastern Texas, and has a shoe factory at Jefferson, the products of which are to be shared among all the troops in the Trans-Mississippi Department. I rely but little on any supplies from that quarter, however, as I am convinced that the troops in Louisiana and Arkansas and the Indian Nation will absorb all the clothing and equipage that can be fabricated in those sections, and then be obliged to look to Texas for additional supplies. The best proof of this is, that officers from Walker's division are now at home, in Texas, with special orders to procure clothing from the citizens.

Major Haynes has contracted for machinery, to come from abroad, for a large cotton and wool factory, to be located at Tyler, and which he expects to have in operation next spring. That will be a valuable resource for clothing. As valuable a one will be Major Washington's Government tannery at San Antonio, which (if nothing detrimental occurs) will enable the department to concentrate all its shoemakers

