
already by constant change of policy and contradictory orders, and I premise you that when the bureau is organized, and a line of policy adopted, that no charge will be made except by orders from department headquarters, after consultation with the chief of the bureau of Texas. I see no objections to your second proposition. The third is unobjectionable except as far as relates to the sale and exchange of cotton for the purchasing of supplies abroad. Here I would state that the object in organizing the bureau seems to have been misunderstood. It was not my intention that the purchasing of supplies abroad and the payment therefor should be in the same hands. They should be separated, and act as a check upon each other. The arrangements already made by the Government and being carried out will meet, in all probability, every want of the department if the necessary supply of cotton can be obtained for meeting the engagements of the Government. The duties of the bureau now will be to get possession of and collect cotton at depots where it will be safe and can be rendered available. Its difficulties will be in collecting the necessary transportation and securing the cotton to the Government without exciting the opposition of the people. Afterward I propose to issue cotton certificates on the cotton collected in depot, assuring exemption from destruction by our authorities, and a free transit without our lines to the holder. I also propose sending abroad a trusty agent, acquainted with our wants, who, on the credit of these certificates, will purchase supplies and send them directly to the department without the intermedium of contracting parties.

The Government, while it takes the risks, will economize the profits. These matters, however, are for after action and after consideration by the bureau. The contracts already made for the Government and being carried our in good faith, and under which supplies are arriving, will for the present tax all the energies of the bureau in keeping up a supply of cotton to save the credit of the Government. I shall consent in the organization of the bureau a associating with yourself such gentlemen as you may deem best for the interest of the Government. I sincerely trust that Messrs. Hutching and Sorley may connect themselves with you in its administration. Their experience and capacity will materially add to its success, and with such assistance, should the interests of your constituents require your presence in Congress, you can safely and without anxiety turn over your duties during your absence.

Military rank can be given you, and should be held undoubtedly by the chief of the bureau. The salaries can be arranged either by the rank conferred or from a fund accumulated by the bureau.

You say nothing directly relative to Colonel Broadwell's remaining as chief of the bureau for the department. This was Colonel Terrell's principal objection, and I understand from him is also made by yourself. I shall be extremely sorry to lose the services of Colonel Broadwell in that capacity. He possesses the confidence of the President and the heads of the departments with which he has served. His capacity and energy are remarkable, and it is to be regretted that his usefulness should be lost to the bureau and Government through clamors and accusations which have never been supported by facts or proofs. Colonel Broadwell writes that if the public interest requires it, he will willingly assent to his removal. I not only dislike to lose his services, but every change is indicate of vacillation and weakness at headquarters.

Should you require it, I will allow Colonel Broadwell to withdraw, and

