
will leave the position unfilled. Colonel Terrell, after discharging his duties as a member of the investigating committee, will probably be the best selection that could be made. He has signified his consent, and the experience which he will acquire on the committee will be invaluable to him as chief of the bureau at headquarters.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., October 14, 1863.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT,

Commanding Sub-District of Louisiana;

GENERAL: I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of September 17, relative to the organization into the military service of the Confederacy of able-bodied negro men.

The commanding general thanks you for the suggestion, and directs me to say that the subject had before been brought to his attention, and is now under consideration. The adoption of the measure, however, is totally at variance with the policy of the Government, and he is compelled to defer any action in the matter till the Legislatures of the States take it up and authorize such a course. The difficulty of getting arms is now our greatest trouble. The blockading fleets of the United States and France capture every vessel that attempts to bring munitions of war into the Rio Grande, and it is impossible at present to arm the troops already in the field in this department.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant, and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., October 14, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Smith to say you are authorized to retain 2,000 of the 4,000 stand of arms recently landed at the mouth of the Rio Grande, and referred to in your letter of the 11th instant.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, October 14, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, Arizona, &c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith to say that you will send to him a full statement by return courier of the evidence on which you formed the opinion that there is a -

widespread conspiracy, with an understanding with the Federal Army, through the Federal prisoners at Hempstead, by which our cause is greatly endangered on this

