
kansas be so drawn upon as to remain on the defensive. In this event I may be enabled to re-enforce you, and concentrate in Texas a command sufficient to arrest the advance of the enemy.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 15, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose of an order from Major-General Price,* which directs Acting Brigadier-General Bankhead to remain near Waldron, Ark.

In consideration of the fact that this force was sent by me to defend the northern portion of this district, and that it is now left exposed by the command being retained in Arkansas, I have the honor to request that this order be revoked.

It having been reported to me by Brigadier-General McCulloch that there was some dissatisfaction among the officers and men of General Bankhead's command with General Bankhead, although the most of them are willing to support him, I have taken the responsibility to order Brigadier-General Gano, now at Bonham, to relieve General Bankhead, and to order General Bankhead to proceed to these headquarters, to assume command of the Eastern Sub-District in place of Brigadier-General Scurry, who has left for Louisiana under orders from department headquarters, for the reason, in my opinion, that General Bankhead is much better suited for this command than the officer who relieved Brigadier-General Scurry under my orders. I hope the lieutenant-general commanding will approve of the course I have taken in this matter.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding District of Texas.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers 280. Houston, Tex., October 15, 1863.

* * * * *

IV. Upon being relieved from the command at Brownsville by Brigadier-General Bee, Brigadier General James E. Slaughter and staff will report without delay to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSTON, TEX.,

October 15, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE, Commanding Western Sub-District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to inform you that, although he directed you a few days since to leave Brownsville and establish your headquarters at Goliad, he, after mature reflection and with deep regret that circumstances require it, deems your presence

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

