
Grande, and attend to the matters suggested in your communication of the 22nd ultimo.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, Houston, June 4, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,Commanding, &amp;c., Western Sub-District:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 22nd ultimo, in regard to the arrival of a lot of arms per the consort of the Peteroff. The general directs me to say that you will at once take the necessary steps to secure these arms, and as much of the cargo as may

be needed in your judgment. The general also desires you to secure such supplies as Mr. Clements may be able to procure, and that you procure the amount of cotton necessary to cover this cargo, by borrowing it, if possible; if not, by impressing it in the hands of the speculators. You are requested to discrimination in favor of those who have contracts with the chiefs of the disbursing department.

You will in no case interfere with the cotton belonging to the supply associations or sent forward by the different counties for the relief of the families of [absent] soldiers, in pursuance of the appropriations made by the State.

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, Houston, Tex., June 4, 1863.

His Excellency F. R. LUBBOCK,Governor of Texas:

GOVERNOR: When I arrived in Texas, about the last of November, 1862, I found her islands and portions of her coast in the possession of the enemy, and her territory threatened on all sides. The Divine Rules has vouchsafed success to our efforts to drive the foe from our soil, and at this moment every island and all the passes on the coast are in our possession.

Texas, throughout the broad extend of her vast territory, is still free from the presence of a foreign enemy. It is my most earnest desire to meet our foes beyond the confines of this State, even at sea, if it were possible, in order to preserve her from the devastating effects of war. It must be obvious, however, even to those who reflect least, that this can be effected only by great and timely preparations, involving a vast expense both of money and labor. Since these favorable results, which were the immediate consequences of the battles of Galveston and Sabine Pass, and other smaller but brilliant affairs on the coast, the people seem to have lost all apprehension for the future, and to have been living in a fancied state of security, entirely inconsistent with the magnitude of the preparations of the enemy for renewed attacks; and it becomes my duty to point out plainly to Your Excellency, and through you to them, the imminence of the danger which threatens them, and to urge all to unite with me generously and cordially in the prompt execution of the plans devised for their protection and security.

3 R R-VOL XXVI, PT II

