
So soon as I received your letter, I took prompt to ascertain if there was any foundation for the reports that had reached you of an intention to disturb the peace and order of Matamoras by armed men from this side of the river.

I can assure Your Excellency, as the result of these investigations, that there is no disaffection amongst my troops, and that I can rely on their hearty support in my efforts to restrain any movement that may be contemplated by the enemies of Mexican on this side of the river. There are a few French soldiers in my ranks who might have been used for that purpose, but proper steps have been taken to prevent any such contingency.

The entire force at my command was under arms all last night to promptly put down any movement on the part of the citizens or residents of Brownsville. I am glad to say the night passed off quietly. That there are a great many people of all nationalities and political sentiments in Brownsville is apparent, and that movements tending to affect the peace of Matamoras may have been contemplated is not unlikely, but the result of my inquires point to the fact that their movement is auxiliary to the movements of parties in Matamoras itself, and is inconsiderable in point of numbers.

I have placed myself in communication with certain parties here who may be considered suspicious, and have assured them that I will not permit any violation of the neutrality of the Confederate States, and have received their assurance that no such action is contemplated.

I beg Your Excellency to receive my assurances that I will do my whole duty in this matter, and prevent, if possible for me to do so, any disturbance. I am actuated in this by my sense of duty and my great desire to so conduct myself as to maintain the good relations now so pleasantly existing between our neighboring towns.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, Confederate States.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., October 19, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding District of Western Louisiana:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding thinks that by the time this reaches you the enemy may have developed his plans, and he directs me to say that, if you consider his movements are toward Texas, you will make your principal work for the defense of the river at the mouth of the Black. If otherwise, that you will have a small, strong work constructed as low down on the river as practicable, and also construct other works at suitable points, for the defense of the river.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, Tex., October 19, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER, Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication, dated October 9, 1863, in which I regret to see that I am held re-

