
sponsible for the loss of the arms on the Love Bird. My letters of the 28th [ultimo] and October 3 present as full a history of the transaction as I can make, but I inclose of the letter written to Mr. Clements,* which will give perhaps a clearer view of where the fault lies, in my opinion, than contained in my letters to you. I do not seek to shield myself from all proper responsibility by the fact that the orders of the general commanding, dated July 3, 1863, were addressed to my subordinate, and that on him might fall the responsibility, for I am conscious of realizing to the fullest extent great necessity of obtaining arms wherewith to save my State from invasion and ruin. With every motive on earth-love of country, life, family, and interest-I needed no inducement to do all that was possible to obtain the arms; that I did all that was in my power I feel satisfied, and respectfully request that the matter may be inquired into, that I may have the opportunity to reestablish myself in the confidence of the general commanding.

That no steamboat was employed is easily accounted for by the fact that there was none under the Confederate flag, and they would not violate the neutrality of their flag.

My agents were at the mouth of the river, but were powerless to control the actions of the self-opinionated, ignorant captain, who supposed his duty accomplished when he came to anchor in a neutral port. It is his fault that the arms were lost. I offered him the value of his ship if he wold pace her in our waters. If he had refused, I would have taken her by force, but he deceived me my cordially offering to co-operate in every way in his power.

I have received information that the schooner Nancy Dawson left England on the 1st of September, loaded with munitions of war and a few arms, under the Clements contract. I regret to say that with the French and Yankee blockaders, both always off this bar, I see no prospect of saving her.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, Confederate States.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ.,

Houston, Tex., October 19, 1863.

With much pleasure the major-general commanding makes known to the troops of this district the following cheering intelligence from Northern Texas, congratulating them on the brightening of our prospects in that quarter:
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT,Bonham, Tex., October 15, 1863.

Very good news from our front. Brigadier-General Blunt, of the United States Army, killed by Colonel [W. C.] Quantril 30 miles from Fort Scott. The Federals fallen back. North Fork Town burned.

Blunt had gone to Kansas, it is supposed, to organize and start his jayhawkers and Indians to the Texas frontier. On his return with his body-guard of 130 men, Quantril capturing everything he had, including his sword, carriage, &amp;c.

General Cooper advanced upon the enemy at North Fork Town, hoping to surprise them, but his advance was discovered, and the enemy fell back rapidly, burning the town when they left it.

---------------

* See Bee to Clements, p. 286.

---------------

