
enforce Captain Nolan on the Calcasieu. The balance of Captain Bland's company are employed here and on the line to Beaumont as couriers.

As soon as I hear from the front, I shall send and extra courier to Beaumont with a telegraphic dispatch. The left wing of my regiment, the other section of Jones' light battery, and one 32-pounder howitzer, under the command of Lieutenant [A.] Robira, arrived here an hour ago on the Florida. I must have more cavalry to observe the movements of the enemy; 1,500 men are needed to defend this place.

I find a very small supply of medicine here, and not a single bandage, and I respectfully request the general commanding will give the necessary orders a full supply here immediately.

Axes are badly needed to clear the woods in front of the line of fortifications.

The steamer Sachem is aground on the bar at the mouth of Sabine River, and the steamer Florida tried to get her off, but did not succeed. As soon as the wind changes to the south and the tide rises, I think she will able to get off.

A cavalry force should be at Carley's Ferry, 27 miles above here, and another at Spike's Ferry, about 40 miles above, to scout toward Opelousas, on the Sugartown road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BUCHEL,

Colonel, Commanding.

CALCASIEU, LA.,

October 22, 1863.

Lieutenant J. R. LIVESAY,

Adjutant, Niblett's Bluff;

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of two communications from you, one for Mr. Wolf, other per courier. Lieutenant Aikens here to-day. He left Lake Arthur yesterday about 11 o'clock. He has been below Lake Arthur 25 miles, and states that there are none of the enemy in that direction. He went below to try and find the men who went down after the schooner that had the powder. He found two of them with the horses, and the others having gone down to Grand Lake in a small boa, where the schooner is hidden with the powder. I am satisfied they are with the schooners. There are none of the enemy on this side of the Mermenton River. My men are all this point, excepting a few pickets that are out a few miles.

I am afraid to send my men out in the direction of the Mermenton, as I am expecting 1,000 of the enemy's cavalry from Opelousas.

Should they come, they would have my men cut off. It has been raining very hard, and I hardly believe they will be able to travel, as the roads are very bad. Lieutenant Aikens is of the opinion that the jayhawkers are watching the two schooners in the Mermenton, and that the moment they attempt to land their cargoes they will seize them.

He says they can raise 200 men, well mounted, armed, in two hours. I have seen Captain Carlos. He wants me to furnish transportation for the powder. Lieutenant Aikens says all horses, mules, and wagons have been concealed to prevent the enemy from getting hold of them, and that I cannot get wagons on the Mermenton to transport the cargo.

