
I have been trying all day to get wagons at Lake Charles, but failed. There are only two ox-wagons to be had. It is impossible for ox-wagons to travel more than 12-miles per day, as the roads are very bad.

I think it advisable for you to send me five of the mule-carts that are very bad.

I think it advisable for you to send me five of the mule-carts that are hauling at the Bluff as soon as possible. If you conclude to send them, send wagon sheets or tents to keep the powder dry. I hardly think it advisable to attempt to bring the powder through until there is force enough here to send a large escort with it. Captain Bland's company has not arrived here yet. One of my men brought the dispatch to me last evening, and informs me that Captain Bland refuses to relieve my couriers, and that he said he was going to return to the Bluff and not come here, and I do not believe his company would be of any service to me if they should come. Cannot you mount good men on their horses and send them to me?

I will send 10 men out on the roads about 18 miles to watch them. I have seen a man that has just come from Vermillionville. He informs me that General Green attacked the enemy's cavalry below Opelousas, and whipped them very badly, driving them into the main body of their army.

If you send the carts to me, please instruct the assistant quartermaster to send me 60 sacks of corn by them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAT. NOLAN,

Commanding Company G, Second Regiment, Texas Mounted Rifles.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT,Bonham, Tex., October 22, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: A good many of Colonel Quantrill's command have come into this sub-district, and it is said that he is now within it. He has not reported here, and I do not know what his military status is. I do not know as much about his mode of warfare as others to know; but, from all I can learn, it is but little, if at all, removed from that of the wildest savage; so much so, that I do not for a moment believe that our Government can sanction it in one of her officers. Hence, it seems to me if he be an officer of our army, his conduct should be officially noticed, and if he be not an officer of our army, his acts should be disavowed by our Government, and, as far as practicable, he be made to understand that we would greatly prefer his remaining away from our army of its vicinity.

I appreciate his services, and am anxious to have them; but certainly we cannot, as a Christian people, sanction a savage, inhuman warfare, in which men are to be shot down like dogs, after throwing down their arms and holding up their hands supplicating for mercy.

This is a matter to which I wish to cal the serious attention of our commanding generals, and with regard to which I desire their advice and instructions as early as practicable.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Sub-District.

