
by you, he desires its immediate revocation. Most of their bacon and pork has been taken from the planters in Louisiana, for army purposes, upon the assurance that they would be able to get beef from Texas. The commanding general is convinced that the supply of beef in Texas is so large that it will not be influenced by the amount which would thus be consumed. He further instructs me to say that reports have reached him, of which he is not informed as to their correctness, to the effect that planters taking their negroes into Texas from Louisiana, on crossing the line immediately have their negroes impressed. This is contrary to all laws, persons thus situated being universally exempt from the ordinary burdens placed over citizens till they have made a domicile. He wishes you to have the matter investigated, and, if the reports which have come are true, have the evil remedied, as many have come to him are true, have the evil remedied, as many have left Louisiana by his advice.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant, and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, Tex., October 24, 1863.

Honorable GEORGE DYE, Mayor of the City of Brownsville:

SIR: The garrison at Fort Brown is about to be much reduced by the necessity of concentrating the troops to repel invasion from Louisiana. I have though it my duty to notify you of this fact, and request your assistance in organizing the citizens of Brownsville for the defense of their homes and property.

I would respectfully suggest that you appoint a discreet and proper person in each of the wards of the city, with instructions to enroll every man capable of bearing arms, whether citizen or resident, and organize them into companies; that when so formed, a muster-roll be forwarded to me, showing the arms and ammunition which each man may have, that I may make such provision to supply deficiencies as may be at my command. This accomplished, I would suggest that these companies hold themselves in readiness to respond to any call which circumstances may require.

Your early attention to this matter is requested, as its necessity is doubtless as apparent to all parties interested as to myself.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEEN,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.
HEADQUARTERS LINE OF THE SABINE,Niblett's General, La., October 24, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston, Tex.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two telegrams, dated Houston, October 21, and received at Beaumont on the same day at 7 p. m.; also your letter, Numbers 814, dated October 20, which letter and telegrams were only forwarded from Beaumont on the 23rd instant, at 12 m., as per indorsement on the envelope.

The only communication that I can establish with Sabine Pass is to march by land via Beaumont or to keep the steamboat Florida here,

