
CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ.,

Houston, Tex., October 27, 1863.

Brigadier-General BEE,

Commanding Western Sub-District, Brownsville, Tex.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Magruder to say that should the regiment of Colonel Duff not have left the Rio Grande before this reaches you, you will retain the whole of this regiment on the Rio Grande.

A confidential communication of yesterday's date has been sent to you, directing a certain course to be pursued by you, if necessary. The general directs that should you be compelled to fall back, by a large force of the enemy landing, you will burn all public buildings at the post of Fort Brown.

This order is positive, and will be obeyed without fail.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSTON, TEX.,

October 27, 1863-5 p.m.

Colonel A. BUCHEL,

Commanding Niblett's Bluff:

SIR: Major-General Magruder directs that if you place any reliance on the report sent by Captain Nolan about the burning of Franklin and the movements of the enemy, you will proceed immediately to Sabine Pass with your regiment and all the artillery.

You will order all State troops which may be at or near Niblett's Bluff to proceed to Beaumont.

The two companies of cavalry, commanded by Captains Nolan and Beaumont, will remain at Niblett's Bluff in charge of the stores, and will keep out pickets on all the roads, and keep the major-general commanding advised of the movements of the enemy.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. KEARNY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Houston, Tex., October 27, 1863.

Major A. G. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Antonio:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that authentic information from Louisiana shows that a force of some 37,000 of the enemy are assembled at and near Vermillionville and Opelousas, and are only awaiting the fall of the water in that country to invade Texas via Niblett's Bluff. There are also indications that a simultaneous attempt will be made on the coast.

You are directed, under these circumstances, to inform all the chiefs of the staff departments at San Antonio that they must hold themselves in readiness to take all the Government property to Washington, Washington County.

The ordnance department will hold itself in readiness to move to Washington for the present, instead of Palestine.

