
ties he has consulted. Section 5 of the impressment act provides that the commissioners appointed under said act shall "fix upon the prices to be paid by the Government for all property impressed or taken for the public use."

Should, therefore, cotton be needed for the Government purpose, if owners will not sell at the prices fixed by the commissioners, it must be impressed and that price only paid.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., October 28, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Commanding Department Numbers 2.:

GENERAL: The officers of Lieutenant-Colonel [R. A.] Duncan's regiment have been ordered by the Secretary of War to recruit a command in this department. Not only are many of my troops now without arms, but very attempt to introduce them on the Texas border has proved a failure. All vessels bringing ordnance stores there for us have been seized by either the French or Federal cruisers and blockaders.

I have directed Lieutenant-Colonel Duncan to procure arms, if practicable, from the arsenals in Georgia. If he cannot get them there, he is instructed to apply to General Johnston, and in the event of General Johnston not being able to give him any, I have told him to go to you, in the hope you may be able to furnish me some from your late captures. If you can render me any assistance in this particularly, you will greatly oblige and serve to relieve me from a serious perplexity.

I congratulate you, general, on your recent victory. It has served not only to re-establish the confidence of our people everywhere, but has made itself felt even to the limits of this department, in raising the spirits of our troops, and also in materially relieving us, by the withdrawal of a large part of the enemy's force to support Rosecrans.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., October 28, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERALS: I have directed Brigadier General H. W. Allen, who has been ordered by the War Department to collect the Louisiana troops who were paroled at Vicksburg and Port Hudson, to send across the river for the purpose of procuring arms, and I beg you will give him such assistance as you can in collecting and forwarding the same. Not only the troops above referred to are unarmed, but many others under my command are unavailable from the same cause. Every effort to introduce arms into the department has proved a failure, but I trust by a co-operation between us, an object so much desired and necessary may be attained.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

