
[CHAP. XXXVIII.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, Tex., October 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General BEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that the orders sent you on yesterday to retain Duff's regiment on the Rio Grande are hereby revoked. The recent indications of the enemy in Louisiana, and reports of a contemplated attack on Sabine and Galveston, render it necessary that the whole of Duff's regiment shall be sent here as quickly as possible, except the two companies under command of Major Benavides on the Upper Rio Grande, and one company at Brownsville.

Captain Brackenridge's company will join Duff's regiment on the march at Victoria. Weyman's company will remain at San Antonio. The rest of Duff's regiment you will order to this place by forced marches.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,Houston, October 28, 1863.

Colonel A. M. HOBBY,

Commanding Corpus Christi:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to instruct you to remove at once the guns from Mustang Island to the main land at Corpus Christi, substituting, if it be possible, Quaker guns in place of them, and to make at once the necessary arrangements should the enemy force a passage at Corpus Christi; and if it be impossible to hold that place, to remove to San Patricio the guns, after which you will proceed with the infantry and artillery of your command to Victoria, and, leaving Colonel [S. H.] Darden in command, on your arrival at Victoria you will rejoin your regiment, should it be at Saluria, sending forward the guns and infantry to Columbus, giving General Bee information of your movements, and furnishing the same to these headquarters. Should these movements become necessary, the command of all the State troops which may be left will be turned over to Colonel Darden.

You will furnish Colonel Darden with a copy of these instructions.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]-This will be the arrangement at present for Corpus Christi, and by these you will be guided.
HEADQUARTERS LINE OF THE SABINE,Niblett's Bluff, La., October 28, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston, Tex.:

SIR: The steamboat Florida is aground on the Neches Bar, and I am nearly out of provisions and corn. Under these circumstances, I have

