HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, Houston, June 4, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel D. D. SHEA,Commanding at Sularia:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to apprise you that the enemy has appeared off Galveston in large force, and that an attack is imminent, and, since a demonstration will probably be made along the cost, it is advisable to put everything in fighting order at Saluria Pass.

It the large gun has not yet been removed from Lavaca, it is better that it should not be, until all necessary arrangements have been made for mounting and using it immediately.

The general commanding desires that you keep no guns at the Pass except those fit for use, and that you defend the passes to the last.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. MERCER STANARD,

Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ. Numbers 150. Houston, June 4, 1863.

* * * *

XIV. Major Leon Smith, commander of the vessels on the coast, will at once cause will gunboats now lying in these waters to be prepared for immediate action, and directed to proceed to Galveston Bay, for immediate use in defending Galveston.

The blockading fleet off Galveston having been increased by the addition of two gunboats, the fleet now being six gunboats and two frigates, renders this step necessary.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, Houston, June 5, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that he desires you to employ two agents-trustworthy and reliable men-one to be stationed in New York City, and one to be employed to run between New York and Matamoras regularly, with the view of keeping him posted as far as possible in regard to the intentions of the Federal Government in regard to Texas. These agents will report through you as a matter of course. The funds necessary to defray the salaries of these agents, which, it is presumed, will be covered by $3,000 in specie, will be forwarded to you by Major [Skofield] Maclin, chief of ordnance at San Antonio, who has received the necessary orders.

The general directs me to say the remainder of the funds at San Antonio, that collected by Colonel Bankhead, and also by Major Maclin, will be held subject to his order, and will be disposed of only by orders from these headquarters. The general is very anxious that you should make some arrangement by which you may receive accurate information in regard to the enemy's designs on Texas, in order that he may be apprised in due season.

