
the minute men and all able-bodied men of this part of the country to assemble at Damon's Mound and Round Top, on the 2nd of November. His attention was called to it a few days since by Judge Buckley, and he concluded to publish an order annulling the call, but in the great number of important matters that pressed upon his time, it escaped his attention.

Whilst the commanding general appreciates your zeal and energy in our cause, he considered it better not to take the people from their homes, where their presence is necessary at this particular time, especially as he could have communicated with them through the news-papers. It is now too late to countermand the call. Under the circumstances, he begs that you will communicate to the minute men and other loyal citizens who may assemble at the place designated, the following information, just received from the headquarters of General Smith:

1. That the enemy, about 30,000 strong, is assembled in the neighborhood of Opelousas and Washington, La.; that his train of artillery is very large, and that he is accompanied by over 1,000 wagons.

2. That his destination is undoubtedly Texas, and probably via Niblett's Bluff for Houston.

3. That it is our evident policy to attack his wherever and whenever we can combine for that purpose, whether it be in Louisiana or in Texas, and particularly before the Red River rises.

He desires you to state, also, that the commanding general will not ask for their services out of Texas, deeming it better that whilst he is endeavoring to defeat the enemy elsewhere they may be performing important duties in their neighborhood which will not materially interfere with their private pursuits. He will feel safer to know that the interests which he leaves behind are in the hands of the patriotic citizens of the country, organized and armed to protect the country, not only against open attempts to destroy its military efficiency, but those more covert and dangerous efforts of men who conceal their treason under the ermine and sanctity of the law, which they misinterpret and abuse, to carry out their traitorous designs. He wishes the companies of minute-men and exempts also to know his views on the subject of the legal relations existing between him and them; they are, in short, as follows:

1. All their acts as military agents, done in pursuance of his orders in the neighborhoods in which they are raised, are as legal binding as those of any other soldier of the Confederacy.

2. When these companies come at his call, and join the army in the field, they are subject to the rules and regulations of the camps or garrisons at which they serve.

3. As they will be called only in case of emergency, they are at liberty to return to their homes whenever that emergency ceases to exist, and of this, after having learned the views of the commanding general or commanding officer of the camp or garrison where they are stationed, they are to be the sole judges.

4. The call is not compulsory to serve outside of their counties. The commanding general will depend entirely upon their patriotism, should they be called into the field, to come to his assistance when he needs their service.

5. The general commanding claims the right under the law to give them orders in the counties where they are organized. He therefore directs that one-fourth of each company be placed on duty for one week in their respective counties, at prominent points, for the purpose of arresting stragglers and deserters, which, under the laws, is the duty of every good citizen, whether a soldier or not, and particularly to arrest

