HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., October 31, 1863.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Smith directs me to say that it is continually reported to him that thefts and depredations are being committed by the troops of your command, associated together in bands for the purpose of plunder. He directs that you give your officers instructions to have any and all men who may be caught in the commission of such outrages shot down then and there.

This wholesale and indiscriminate system of plunder and depredation is becoming of such general practice that instant and decisive measures must be taken to check it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]-Lieutenant-General Smith directs that these instructions be construed as superseding those contained in my communication of 29th of October, 1863, and that copies of this be sent to all the commanding officers in your sub-district for their information and guidance.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., October 31, 1863.

Major HENRY T. DOUGLAS, Chief Engineer:

MAJOR: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say you will proceed without delay to the headquarters District of Western Louisiana, and consult with Major-General Taylor upon the immediate construction of fortifications for the defense of Red River. If practicable, the works should be placed at the mouth of Black River, thereby controlling the navigation of both rivers above their junction.

He also directs that points should be selected for self-sustaining works on Red River, as low down that stream as practicable.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LINE OF THE SABINE,Niblet's Bluff, La., October 31, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston, Tex.:

SIR: Captain Nolan reports that he has saved the cargo of the schooner Antelope, and that it is en route to this place, this side of the Calcasieu River. Captain Carlos refused to deliver the cargo until the cotton was delivered on the Lacacene Bayou, or on board, and Captain Nolan reports that he entered into an agreement with Captain Carlos to have 200 bales of cotton sent to him as quickly as possible. Captain Carlos is anxious to have the cotton, in order to load his vessel and run out, and she is liable to capture where she now lies. Captain Nolan also reports that he has seen citizens who reside on the Mermenton River, but they have no news from the enemy. The two mountain howitzers have not yet reached here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BUCHEL,

Colonel, Commanding.

