HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, November 2, 1863.

Colonel P. STOCKTON,

Commanding Arsenal, San Antonio, Tex.:

SIR: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to inform you that he is to-day in receipt of a communication, under date of October 26, from the major-general commanding the District of Texas, &amp;c., in which he says:

I will to-day give confidential orders to the officers in charge of depots at San Antonio to prepare for moving their stores to the town of Washington, in Washington County. When San Antonio is threatened, it will be beyond my power to succor.

Should the emergency contemplated in the extract arise, you will be governed by the above instructions of Major-General Magruder.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major [T. A.] Washington.)
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 2, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of October 26, and in reply to that portion which relates to the confidential orders given by you to Colonel Stockton and Major Washington, would inform you that, in accordance with your suggestion, I have to-day directed those officers to make the necessary arrangements for the removal of stores, should the necessity arise.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 2, 1863.

Brigadier General E. GREER,

Commandant of Conscripts:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Smith to say it has been reported to him that there is no enrolling officer in the parish of Pointe Coupee, La. He directs, therefore, that one be appointed (a commissioned officer) immediately.

The lieutenant-general also directs me to say you should make arrangements for having enrolling officers ready to go into any of the parishes that may be evacuated by the enemy.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

