
[CHAP. XXXVIII.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, November 2, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of copy of a communication from Captain Nolan, giving information of the reported movements and plans of the enemy in Louisiana and Texas. The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say the latest information from General Taylor represents the enemy at Port Barre, near the junction of the Teche and Courtableau, with a portion of his force near Opelousas. He has certainly been arrested in his progress, but whether he has given up his expedition, or is merely embarrassed by the want of supplies, the general is not decided.

General Taylor has forwarded copy of a letter from you and his answer. General Smith hopes there will be the most hearty co-operation between yourself and General Taylor.

In case the enemy should move against the Red River Valley, and the Texas State troops should refuse to leave the limits of the State, they may be put at all points where Confederate troops are now on duty, and every available man sent across to General Taylor's support. If Texas should prove the object of the enemy's movements, General Taylor is prepared to assist you.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant, and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 2, 1863.

Brigadier General HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District of Texas:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 23rd October, with an inclosed copy of General Greer's communication of the 16th October, has been received. General Greer's is a proper letter, and places the whole matter clearly before you.

I had intended making you the commandant of conscripts of the Northern Sub-District of Texas; on consulting the law, I found no authority for dividing the State, and you would have been in charge of a sub-district under Colonel Ford's orders, who is by law the commandant for the whole State. I then assigned Major Martin as chief enrolling officer in charge of your district, with instructions for him to consult with you, that he might receive your support and co-operation in enforcing the law. Major Martin is represented as an active, energetic officer, and, knowing your zeal and the interest you have expressed in seeing the conscripts all brought into service, I felt assured this arrangement would work harmoniously and effectively.

Under the orders of the bureau, conscripts who come in voluntarily are allowed to select any regiment from their State serving in the department. If they bring a good serviceable horse and equipments, they can join a cavalry regiment; otherwise they must serve in the infantry. When they do not come willingly, they are to be sent to a camp of instruction, and then assigned to such regiments as most need them.

