
fight, while the rich are to shrink from danger; but you also shake its confidence in success, because of the weakness of the force left in the field. I appreciate the valor of Texas troops too highly to suppose that even with an overwhelming force the progress of the enemy toward occupying the country would be easy. I shall fight him at every step, by my force what it may, but it is due to the gallant little army pledged to our fortunes for the war that they shall not be left to contend against such odds.

If sustained by the State troops, the glories of Sabine Pas and Galveston may be renewed on many fields, and the enemy may again be beaten back discomfited and with great loss.

It should be a matter of pride to every Texan that, after having furnished so many thousands to the glorious cause for other fields of glory, an army such as the State troops was brought into the field. Their appearance betokens the possession of high soldierly qualities. Their equipment shows that they came from homes where wealth and comfort abound, and such men, knowing what they have at stake, will fight like heroes and die like men ere the foe shall reach the hearthstones they have left behind. It is such men that we must have in our armies, if we win our independence. They are already to be found among the troops of the line, but the mass of them are men of small fortunes. Let the men of means stand should to shoulder with them, and although the foe may invade us in strong force, a determined army will confront him. I would, therefore, respectfully present to your consideration the importance of such action on the part of the Legislature as will continue the service of these troops in the field for such time as the emergency may justify. Believing that the safety of the State demands their presence in the field, and that any change in their organization will destroy their efficiency, I trust that the action may apply to them as an organization, so that they may be retained entire.

It is true that Texas has already furnished a large number of her men for the army, but no considerations of this character should guide the action of the patriotic at this time; a common cause has made the Southern people one, and no sacrifice will be too great if we achieve our independence. Better that every man capable of contributing to the common defense should be called into the field, and all interests suffer for a time, than that we should be slaves of the tyrant whose armies now press upon us. If the condition of the country requires a portion of this force at home for any period, the Legislature can provide that one-half of the whole number in the field will be furloughed by the major-general commanding at such time and for such period as the safety of the State will permit, but in no case should the organization be destroyed.

I would also ask the co-operation of Your Excellency in my efforts to develop the resources of the State for the manufacture of arms and munitions of war, means of transportation, &amp;c. If the energies of the Confederate and State authorities are united, great results may be expected, whereas, without concert of action, neither will produce much. The manufacturing establishments of the State, if concentrated at one point in connection with or near those of the Confederate authorities, may be maintained and defended, even though the enemy invade us; if at different and far remote points away from our line of operations, they will be exposed to raids and be liable to destruction at any moment.

It is my desire to create from our own resources everything that is possible. When I arrived here, I found three batteries of light artillery; now they number twelve. Good brass cannon are being cast, and, with the co-operation of the State, I hope soon to place this important

25 R R-VOL XXVI, PT II

