
[CHAP. XXXVIII.

branch of the service upon such a footing as to be able to cope, to a considerable degree, with the enemy, whose superiority in this respect has always given him a marked advantage.

In conclusion, I would call upon Your Excellency for such a number of men as may be necessary to fill the requisition made by me upon Governor Lubbock, estimated at about 2,000 men.

The muster-rolls of all the companies organized have not yet been received, and there are a large number of drafted men who have not yet reported. Stringent measures adopted by the State may bring a portion of these men to camp, but I doubt whether the whole force will number over 8,000 men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 3, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding District of Western Louisiana:

GENERAL: By direction of Lieutenant-General Smith, two companies, composed of steamboatmen, have been ordered to report to you. The two companies have been organized with a view to using them as rangers along the river, and from which details are to be made whenever the services of these steamboats are required. It will, therefore, be necessary to keep them in a separate organization. They are well mounted, and desirous of seeing service, but need an officer of experience to be placed in command of them, as they are wholly unacquainted with their duties.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 3, 1863.

Brigadier General P. H. HEBERT,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL; I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that the complete and utter destruction of the railroad leading from Monroe in the direction of Vicksburg is of the first importance; and to that end you will forthwith put to work all the negroes that can be obtained, and also such of your force as can be spared, in order that it may be speedily and entirely destroyed.

With the railroad from Vicksburg to Monroe in the hands of the enemy, the latter place would become to the country west of the Washita what Vicksburg is to that west of the Mississippi.

The lieutenant-general feels confident that you will bend all your energies to its accomplishment.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

