
[CHAP. XXXVIII.

would have gladly avoided, but have kept the general fully advised, as I thought, of all my doings, and have not in any instance intended to do anything positively contrary to his wishes, either expressed or implied, without informing him of the fact at once, and asking his approval.

After reading this, I hope the general will review my course, his action with regard to it, and relieve me from the strong implication in your letter of willful disobedience of orders.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Sub-District.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Sabine Pass, September 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General McCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District:

SIR: In reply to your indorsement on the communication of Captain Record, assistant quartermaster and post quartermaster at Bonham, in regard to teamsters who have contracted to haul for the Government, I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that the 100 referred to by you as necessary to be used in the transportation to the Indian Territory will have to be retained. The rest, who can possibly be replaced by negroes, will be so replaced.

Your questions in regard to making the details under General Orders, Numbers 36, headquarters Trans-Mississippi Department, has been answered in a previous communication. Your labor bureau will be able to procure negroes to substitute teamsters not required in the Indian Territory.

In regard to furloughing men of the army to see to sowing their crops in your sub-district, I am directed to say that such furloughs may be granted by you from among the State troops only. You will not allow men who are enlisted in the Confederate States service for the war to be furloughed for any such purpose.

You will also make details and grant furloughs, when you deem it necessary, from among the State troops, to operate thrashing-machines and mills.

The major-general commanding is of opinion that the present crop should be preserved and secured, and this matter should be more regarded than the future crops.

In regard to physicians, the general questions whether the country will be benefited by their remaining at home and giving to people the benefit of their skill.

Will you be kind enough to furnish a statement of what ordnance works you have in your command, and what is being done? The order directing gunsmiths to report to Captain Good, ordnance officer at Houston, has been revoked, and a copy of the revocation sent you.

I am, general, &c., your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,

Bonham, November 3, 1863.

The approach of the enemy in force upon our southeastern border has, in the opinion of Major-General Magruder, rendered it necessary to

