
[CHAP. XXXVIII.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST TEXAS CAVALRY,Niblett's Bluff, La., November 3, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER, Asst. Adjt. General, Houston, Tex.:

SIR: The horses, saddles, &amp;c., belonging to my regiment have arrived at Beaumont. Shall they proceed to Danville, Montgomery County, of shall they remain in the vicinity of Beaumont, on the best grass to be found, and be supplied with corn from that place, or come here? Please telegraph your answer immediately to Lieutenant Patrick F. Murphy, First Texas Cavalry, Beaumont, Tex.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BUCHEL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LINE OF THE SABINE,Niblett's Bluff, La., November 3, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER, Asst. Adjt. General, Houston, Tex.:

SIR: Your telegram relative to the powder has been received. The powder and caps will be forwarded on the first steamboat, having no wagons to transport it by land. What shall be done with the rest of the cargo, liquors, bagging, rope, &c.? Mr. Davis returned yesterday evening from Houston, stating that he has verbal orders to detain the schooner Derby and bring the cargo here. I have received no written instructions, and respectfully request that they may be sent to me.

The scouts from Sugartown and the Mermenton River report that the enemy is falling back from Opelousas. It is also reported that General Price is between Shreveport and Alexandria, advancing toward the latter place with his army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BUCHEL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Mobile, Ala., November 4, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, Asst. Adjt. General, Meridian, Miss.:

COLONEL: I am not clear as to the extent of my command as department commander, and beg that you will define it more exactly.

According to the general term, "Mobile and its dependencies," I should say that all north of Choctaw and Oven Bluffs will be transferred from my command, but, as you have specified Selma and Demopolis, I am left to infer that the other posts heretofore in my department are to remain in it.

It seems to me that Montgomery, Talladega, Gainesville, and Marion will go out by the principle which removes Selma and Demopolis, but I beg you to instruct me definitely, and hope you distinctly understand that I am seeking after truth, and am not disposed to cavil at the orders, which meet my cordial approval, but, as I have just sent Colonel [W. M.] Voorhies with his regiment to take charge of a district embracing the towns I have mentioned above, it is the more important that I shall be accurately informed at your earliest convenience of the change in the extent of my command.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

