
[CHAP. XXXVIII.

reached Sabine Pass, and the four companies of Davidson's battalion have arrived here. The enemy's advance are falling back to Vermillionville, and circumstances seem to portend that the enemy will fall back to Berwick, though there is nothing definite in regard to this.

There is a rumor in the enemy's camp that General Joe Johnston is getting to be very troublesome on the Jackson and New Orleans Railroad.

The 130 kegs of powder and 1 box of caps have, in accordance with the general's order, been sent per steamboat Grand Bay to Beaumont for Houston, in charge of Mr. Bloomfield.

I again respectfully request that orders be given me with regard to that portion of the cargo of the schooner Antelope now remaining here; also with regard to the cargo, vessels, and crew of the schooner Derby.

Nothing has yet been heard from the two mountain howitzers. I am still awaiting their arrival.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BUCHEL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 5, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c., Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to send you the inclosed extract from a letter from Major-General Taylor. Also to direct you to push forward as rapidly as possible the arms ordered here, they being much needed in the District of Arkansas, the only point seriously threatened at the present time.

General Marmaduke has in his command 2,000 men without arms of any kind, and Governor Flanagin informs him that he has also six regiments entirely unarmed.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Bayou Boeuf, November 2, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Reports from my pickets render it probable the enemy is retreating to Berwick Bay. All the cavalry, with a brigade of infantry and one battery, have been pushed on their rear. As my information shows the enemy to be withdrawing with the same caution that characterized his advance, I shall not move the main body of my forces until further developments. The country will enable the enemy to move without endangering his rear, unless I bring on a general action, which I do not deem advisable. The last prisoners (for we capture some daily) state that the expedition to Texas has been given up, as Banks does not wish to move on Niblett's Bluff, with me on his rear. They also state that the Thirteenth Army Corps is ordered to Memphis to re-enforce Rosecrans.

* * * * *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

