HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 6, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c., Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 1st instant, I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that he desires you will, as far as practicable, replace your Confederate troops at posts and stations by State troops, concentrating your Confederate forces and placing them in condition to move in any direction that circumstances may require.

The retreat of the enemy to Berwick Bay, and the reports from Major-General Taylor, would indicate that immediate invasion of Louisiana or Texas is not contemplated, notwithstanding which he desires you to perfect the depots between the railroad terminus and Natchitoches, referred to in your letter.

Concerning the arms retained by Brigadier-General Bee, he directs that they be counted as a portion of the 3,000 to be retained in your district. He desires me to inform you that there are 10,000 old and tried soldiers in this department, unarmed, all of whom are being gathered together, and some of whom are already in service, and therefore urges the necessity of forwarding all arms, excepting 3,000, as rapidly as possible.

From your letter, he infers that the couriers interfered with were soldiers detailed for that purpose, over whom the enrolling officer has no control. Colonel Ford will be required to make an explanation of his conduct in this affair.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff.

HOUSTON, TEX., November 6, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of letter, Numbers 1096, of October 28, inclosing communication from Major-General Taylor.

I had already taken the necessary steps to provide transportation for the troops which I will take to Louisiana with me-about 4,000, all mounted, including, perhaps, five batteries of light artillery. The regiments are provided with regimental transportation, but the great distance to be traversed, over an unproductive country, necessitates the provision of an immense train for the transportation of supplies. Agents have been send through the country to impress transportation, taking every second wagon. I shall communicate with you again, and more at length.

Very respectfully,your most obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,Houston, November 6, 1863.

Brigadier General HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication, Numbers 211, of November 1, and in reply I am instructed by

