HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, May 14, 1863.

Brigadier-General MOUNTON,Commanding Cavalry Force, Niblett's Bluff:

GENERAL: Information having reached these headquarters that you command has been increased by two regiments of cavalry and a battery of light artillery of Opelousas, and to harass him continually.

By command of Lieutenant-General Smith:

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, Las Animas, May 14, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,Commanding at Brownsville:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to direct you to send with Captain Durant Da Ponte to Havana a reliable and thoroughly business man, for the purpose of purchasing arms, ammunition, &amp;c., in accordance with instructions. Captain Da Ponte is perfectly familiar with the Spanish language, but has little experience in business, and the general thinks it will be necessary to send some one capable, in your judgment, to assist him.

These arms will be paid for with Government cotton, if there be any in Brownsville at the time of their arrival at that place, and if there is none, your are directed to seize any cotton in the place for the purpose of paying for them. As soon as these arms arrive, you will cause them to be sent without delay to Houston, and for this purpose you will seize such a number of teams, no matter to whom they may belong, as may be necessary, if there is not sufficient Government transportation.

These arrangements are not intended to affect in any manner your own movements in pushing forward without delay to the eastern part of the State, which you will do in accordance with previous instructions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -In making these impressments, you will be guided by law, and will instruct the officer you have in Brownsville to make the best possible arrangement for returning to private individuals the cotton you may be compelled to impress.
HEADQUARTERS, Port Hudson, La., May 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General BEALL:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the regiment and section of artillery at Walker's Station be withdrawn, as the force at Plains Store is at present sufficient.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,JOHN S. LANIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

