
Quarles' Brigade.

Brigadier General WILLIAM A. QUARLES.

42nd Tennessee

46th Tennessee

49th Tennessee

53rd Tennessee

55th Tennessee

1st Battalion Texas Sharpshooters, Major James Burnet.

7th Alabama Cavalry, Colonel Joseph Hodgson.

15th Confederate Cavalry (detachment).

Miscellaneous.

Bay batteries, Colonel W. E. Burnet and Lieutenant Colonel E. L. Winder.

Durrive's battery.

12th Louisiana Battalion of Artillery.

L. Hutchinson's engineer company.

J. V. Gallimard's sappers and miners.

HOUSTON, TEX.,

November 10, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport:

GENERAL: Information has just been received by me that the enemy appeared off Brazos Santiago on the morning of the 2nd instant, and, landing at that point, marched on Brownsville, which was evacuated on the 4th by General Bee, after the buildings and cotton had been destroyed. Their forces are estimated at from 5,000 to 6,000 men, and supposed by General Bee, to come from Fortress Monroe, although it is my impression that they are from the mouth of the Mississippi.

I will give further particulars and details to-morrow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Houston, Tex., November 10, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Commanding Western Sub-District:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communications, which reached me to-night, informing me of the landing of the enemy and of your retreat from Brownsville in the direction of King's ranch.

Several days ago I ordered two companies of cavalry, State troops, and Krumbhaar's battery of artillery, the latter being on the march from Brownsville to King's ranch, to report to you. This was in consequence of Vidal's mutiny. I also ordered Duff's regiment returned to you for the same reason. These forces will enable you, I hope, to protect your train from attack in any quarter.

I received yesterday information from General Taylor of an expedition about to start from the mouth of the Mississippi, and think that it is probable that this is the one that has arrived at the Rio Grande, although I may be mistaken, as the date of the sailing of the expedition from the mouth of the Mississippi is not known to me. At all events, I expect one or more attacks on the coast, probably in the west. Communicate,

