
therefore, by courier with Corpus Christi, and keep up your communications, if possible, in like manner with the Rio Grande.

Should the enemy land at Corpus Christi or vicinity, or should he force Saluria, inform the commanding officer at San Antonio by rapid express, and send information also to me.

I think better you should send your train on to Alleyton, remaining yourself with your troops, either at Goliad or San Patricio, for the present, or wherever you can get corn and other supplies in the neighborhood. Let an escort go with the train. Make arrangements to burn all the cotton at Corpus Christi and in transitu on the bay, rather than let it fall into the hands of the enemy. Pursue the same course with regard to any stores which you cannot take off.

There are two companies of cavalry and two of infantry in the neighborhood of Corpus Christi-State troops. Make such disposition of them, and the troops under your immediate command also, as the circumstances of the country may require. Goliad and San Patricio, are only indicated as convenient points.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS COAST COMMAND,Indianola, Tex., November 10, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston:

SIR: Official information from Brigadier-General Bee having reached me that two regiments of the enemy had landed on Padre Island, and had taken up the line of march in the direction of Corpus Christi, I have sent two companies of Colonel Hobby's regiment to Corpus Christi to save the public property at that place, if possible, there being only 20 men left there as a guard, in the recent changes made in the troops, in accordance with orders from the major-general commanding.

The Enfield rifles ordered to be sent to Houston, which were issued to Colonel Hobby's regiment, I have ordered to be retained, and those turned in to the ordnance officer from that regiment I have ordered to be issued to the unarmed State troops. If overpowered by the enemy, I will draw all of my force by the Gulf beach, for the better protection of Fort Esperanza.

I am, captain, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

W. R. BRADFUTE,

Colonel, C. S. Army, Commanding Coast.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT,Bonham, November 11, 1863.

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I received your instructions from General Magruder last night to keep the State troops here until the deserters could be gotten out of the brush; these reached me several days after they had started to Houston, and by orders have been turned to Nacogdoches, with regard to which I have kept the major-general fully informed, but as the only formidable force (embodied) of the deserters have come in, I do not suppose

