
fought east of the Mississippi. Everything done on this side will result in mere predatory warfare, without serious effect upon the termination of the war.

Excuse this last note. I will write you more fully from Shreveport, until which time I will have nothing valuable to communicate.

I am, very respectfully,

T. N. WAUL.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF TEXAS,Santa Gertrudes, November 12, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Texas, &amp;c., Houston:

SIR: I respectfully submit to the general commanding my intention of returning to the Rio Grande with the small force at my command, and endeavor to protect the cotton trains now en route to laredo.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, Confederate States.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF TEXAS,Santa Gertrudes, November 12, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 8th instant, and feel much relieved that the general will allow m to keep my small command.

Creuzbaur's battery is well on the march to Alleyton, but will be recalled. The battery is in good condition as to guns, harness, and men. The horses, I presume, are poor. The men have been but little drilled as light artillerists, but as infantry are experienced, having been two years in service. Every effort will be made to gather the Thirty-third Regiment.

The reasons why the company selected by me to remain on the Rio Grande paraded but 19 men when I was threatened by Vidal, are as follows:

When I was ordered to the interior, I selected Company A, which I raised myself, to accompany me, and detached 20 men to guard the arms to Alleyton. When the order was countermanded, and the regiment ordered to march, I thought it prudent to retain my first selection, not, of course, presuming I would need a strong force. Thus I account for 39 men; the rest of the men we on detached service of various kinds-1 in your office, 2 in mine, attendants in hospital, sick, &c.-actually leaving me but 19 men mounted for duty that night.

A detailed statement of the number present and absent and their whereabouts is being made out, and will go forward by next express.

I propose to march in three days for Rio Grande City with all the available force I can gather.

I think a demonstration on the river essential at this time, to show that we do not intend to abandon that line, to encourage our friends, and punish, or at most keep quiet, our enemies. It will serve also to make safe the large trains of cotton new en route for Laredo.

I shall hold my position on the Rio Grande as long as it may be prudent-certainly until I am forced away by the Yankees.

