
I trust recent events will induce the general to save every bale of cotton possible for the Government.

The confusion here is over, and the trains are all en route for Laredo or Eagle Pass.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS LINE OF THE RIO GRANDE,Rio Grande City, November 12, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE:

SIR: I am in receipt of yours of the 9th instant.

On arriving at this place, I found a large amount of cotton, public and private, coming here and to Roma, and, as I could not attend to it at both points, I sent out parties to bring all in here, and made arrangements with Don Rafael Lopez, of Camargo, to receive it, pay duties on the other side, and forward it as fast as possible to Matamoras. As soon as possible I will report to you in full what I have done in the matter. I have also sent what Government stores I could from here to San Antonio and Laredo.

Of the population on the Rio Grande, there are but very few who will not use all arms we give them against, us, and those few I will soon have with me.

In all things be assured that I will do to the best of my ability. I shall leave to prospect on the movements of the enemy as soon as I have got the cotton and public property in safety.

I have with me 120 men, who can be relied on to the last.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SANTOS BENAVIDES,

Major Thirty-third Texas Cavalry, Commanding.

P. S.-Captain Robinson is also here with 40 men, besides the 120 of Laredo. Captain Sloss has just arrived, and advised me that his company to a man rebelled, and that he is left alone.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Houston, Tex., November 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General BEE, Commanding, &c.:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that you will retain Duff's regiment and a battery of artillery.

The general recommends that you station three companies of Duff's regiment at Eagle Pass, and three companies at San Antonio. You should allow Benavides to remain below, and station the remaining two companies of Duff's regiment at Santa Gertrudes, with the State troops, to watch the movements of the enemy.

The general wishes you to establish a line of couriers between Santa Gertrudes and Matamoras.

To raise the specie to pay the express riders, &c., you can use any Government cotton you may have or can get.

There are 60,000 pounds of powder at Goliad-so reported. The general wishes you to hurry forward this powder as rapidly as possible.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

