
I am also directed to inquire whether or not you have received recently a communication from these headquarters in reference to Colonel Harrison's cavalry brigade.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WEST,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 13, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 10th instant, and in reply thereto am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say he sees no way by which your suggestions regarding the gunboat Missouri can be carried out.

Captain Carter, of the navy, under whose supervision the Missouri was constructed, has been placed in command of her, and as there has been much said regarding her unfitness for service, he is anxious to prove the contrary, and it is not doubted that he will, when an opportunity offers, make a desperate fight. She will be sent down as soon as the navigation of the Red River will admit of it.

Major Douglas will be instructed to remain with you until the defensive works alluded to shall have been laid ut.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, November 13, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Commanding, &c.:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that he regards the Government cotton at Corpus Christi as in great danger, and that Corpus Christi itself is in greater danger than San Antonio.

The general acknowledges that San Antonio may be exposed to raids from Eagle Pass and Piedras Negras, but thinks that Corpus Christi is most exposed; hence, before executing the orders given you on yesterday, he wishes you to re-enforce the garrison at San Antonio with one company, and send one company, if necessary, to Eagle Pass, and, with the rest of your force (Duff's regiment and the artillery), to proceed to Corpus [Christi], and defend that place until all the cotton can be removed. The Government cotton will be removed first, that belonging to Major Hart, Major Bloomfield, and cotton marked P, which is also Government cotton, having been transferred through Colonel Broadwell to Surg. Howard Smith.

It is reported that there is a good deal of Mexican transporting at Corpus [Christi], and you are authorized to make any arrangements with the teamsters, so as to secure the cotton and transport it into the interior. The general requests your prompt attention to this matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

