
If you are not informed as to the intentions of the major-general commanding, you would greatly oblige us by making our requests known to him.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

P. L. BUQUOUR,

Mayor City of San Antonio.

E. C. DEWEY,

Postmaster.

THOS. J. DENAINE,

J. D. LOGAN,

Editors Herald.

W. B. LEIGH,

Editor San Antonio News.

G. W. PALMER,

C. S. Depositary.

S. A. MAVERICK,

Chief Judge, Bexar County.

TEXAS ARSENAL,

San Antonio, November 16, 1863.

Colonel A. G. DICKINSON,

Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have just received your note of this morning, and hasten to reply. The 1,200 guns spoken of have not arrived, nor any portion of them. I have 530 British muskets on hand, caliber.75, which arrived some three weeks since, touching the disposition of which I have written to General Huger, and now await his answer.

If I can be of any assistance in the present emergency, please apprise me at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. STOCKTON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,San Antonio, November 16, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have again to request that pay-funds may be immediately sent this post to pay off the troops of this command.

For the purpose of bringing to the attention of the major-general commanding the great dissatisfaction that exists in consequence of no money having been furnished for the payment of these troops for so many months, I have the honor to inclose communication addressed to me by Lieutenant Thomas E. Snee,* formerly commanding at Eagle Pass. Weyman's company and Navarro's are similarly situated, and the department officers have not received pay since last May, unless they have paid themselves, for which they have no authority under the regulations.

I have again to bring to the attention of the major-general commanding the usefulness of Lieutenant Sneed in the position which he has formerly occupied as commanding officer at Eagle Pass. He is a young officer of high intellectual attainments, zealous and devoted, and worthy of a higher position than he at present occupies. He has just reached

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

