
this post with his detachment, leaving Eagle Pass in the hands of a force of 25 Mexicans, under command of Lieutenant Saline.

It may be safe, however, now, as Governor Vidarurri's order is now in course of execution, sending the renegades into the interior of Mexico.

I have to represent, however, that if Eagle Pass continues to be attached to my command under the new system of things which of course must now be inaugurated, I desire that the commanding officer at that point to be worthy of trust and confidence, such as I found Lieutenant Sneed to be.

I have just preferred charges against Captain A. Navarro, which I have inclosed to Captain Horace Cone, judge-advocate-general. None of his officers would prefer these charges; I had, therefore to prefer them myself. I will send him down with the witnesses in time for the court-martial, which convenes at Houston on the 27th.

I desire to state for the information on the major-general commanding that the citizens of this place have addressed me a communication, which I have the honor to inclose, concerning the defenses of this place, and whether or not it would be in the line of defenses.

It is rumored here this morning that the enemy have landed a cavalry force at Corpus Christi; if so, a raid upon this place from Saint Mary's may be at once looked for. The distance is well known to the major-general commanding. By forced marches it could be made in two days, and affords any quantity of water, and perhaps the best grass in the State of Texas. The stock in that vicinity are more numerous than in any other section of the country in the State.

I hope soon to be in receipt of orders from the major-general commanding, and, if instructed to defend this place, he will, of course, send me force with which to do it, including one or more batteries of artillery, there not being one single piece of artillery, heavy or light, at this post.

The citizens and State soldiers have organized and placed themselves under my command; there are not more than half of them armed, and but very few of them have horses.

The strength of my command present for duty is 129 men, and very badly armed. Weyman's company, the best men I have, have no guns at all, those which they had having been condemned. Colonel Stockton, in an emergency, however, will let me have such arms as he can furnish.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. DICKINSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, and Asst. Adjt. General, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, November 17, 1863.

Major-General MAGRUDER:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Smith to say that under date of October 15 you were authorized to retain 3,000 stand of the arms that had been landed at the mouth of the Rio Grande. This number was intended also to embrace those that were opened by General Bee.

General Smith further directs me to say he could in this portion of his department arm 10,000 men had he the arms. He therefore wishes you to send at once to Shreveport all above the number you were authorized to retain, and, if you have kept a greater number than that,

