
the reiterated instructions of the Secretary of War. They were directed to report to district headquarters, because it was beleived that to do so would increase their efficiency. If you believe they would be equally useful if required to report directly to Brigadier-General Hebert, you can so direct, giving him such instructions as will prevent his using them for any other purpose than that for which they are designed.

If, however, you should be of the opinion that their efficiency would be impaired by being made to report to him, you can relieve him from his command, and order him to report in person to department headquarters, when he will be ordered east of the Mississippi.

The order to Parsons' brigade, to which you refer, was issued under the pressing necessity of an advance of the enemy, and Lieutenant-General Holmes has been directed, so soon as the brigade is reunited, stream, in connection with Colonel Harrison's brigade. A copy of the order to Colonel Parsons was directed to be forwarded to you, and failed to reach you either through mistake or miscarriage.

Major Szymanski, the agent for the exchange of prisoners, leaves to-day for your headquarters, and will confer with you on the subject. He, however, states that the enemy have an excess of prisoners, and if this be so, even if the exchange of prisoners is temporarily interrupted, we could still send our prisoners to vicksburg and obtain credit for the number. If this is done, you will at once be rid of them without further embarrassment.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WEST,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT,Houston, Tex., November 218, 1863.

Brigadier-General BEE,

Commanding Western Sub-District:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you remain on the Rio Grande, and use your discretion in regard to cotton, whether public of private; also in regard to military matters, as the distance is too great for the speedy transmission of dispatches or orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Galveston, November 18, 1863.

Brigadier General HENRY E. MCCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District, Bonham:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose the following indorsement of Major-General Magruder on your letter of November 11, 1863:

The major-general commanding is not so solicitous to fortify himself against censure as to defend the country with such means as he can get together. It would be easy for him in turn to make a requisition for arms, &c., on Lieutenant-General Smith, but he knows the department commander cannot help him, and therefore, does not threaten him with the public or official censure that is sure to ensue if there be a failure to defend successfully all parts of the country, even without the necessary

