
arms and men. General McCulloch knows that it is presumed that but 4,200 arms were received from the Rio Grande, the rest being taken by the French, and of these 3,000 were allowed to remain in this district; also all the State infantry are without arms entirely; the Second Texas, Waul's Legion, Likens[regiment, and most of Pyron's regiment are without arms; and that the enemy is threatening the eastern coast, and has landed a large force on the western, and has also landed or is about to land at Corpus Christi. Brigadier-General McCulloch has Martin's regiment, Bourland's battalion of six companies, two companies State troops cavalry, and the arms intended for Terrell's regiment, some 500 Mississippi rifles, with which to arm the State troops, whom he is authorized to detain in corresponding numbers. Brigadier-General McCulloch represented only a few days before the deserters came in the horrors which would ensue if they did not, and in such colors as to induce the major-general commanding to authorize him to retain the State troops until they (the deserters) could be brought in. Brigadier-General McCulloch must do the best in his power to defend the sub-district intrusted to him with the means at his disposal, excepting some 300 arms additional, which constitutes hi proportion of the arms received from the Rio Grande and the State. The movements of the enemy require the use of all the rest of our means to prevent his occupying positions the possession of which by us is vital to our ultimate safety.

The major-general commanding regrets that he must repeat to Brigadier-General McCulloch that he has every disposition to support hi, but that his means are inadequate, and could not have been otherwise, as he is prepared to show to those who have authority over him.

From the nature of the enemy's facilities, the movements of our troops must be uncertain, as whilst threatening by land in one direction he moves rapidly by sea in another.

There is no disposition on the part of the major-general commanding to censure Brigadier-General McCulloch, or any officer, when the means which are so desirable are not to be had. The simple truth that arms cannot be had ought to be told in justice to all; and it is regretted by the major-general commanding that a spirit should be exhibited by so patriotic and zealous an officer as Brigadier-General McCulloch indicating great dissatisfaction as to the effect of a failure on his own reputation, which seems to absorb the regret which all must feel at the want of means usually expected in carrying on war. The major-general commanding feels deeply the want of these means, has ever felt them, and never more than now, when he desires so anxiously to assist Brigadier-General McCulloch, though the latter has reported to the major-general commanding that the northern frontier was not in danger, at least for the present.

Tents are not absolutely necessary; they require more transportation than can be had. The armies of Virginia, in a rigorous climate, are without them. A full supply would be furnished if it were possible; however, five to a regiment are allowed here; that number will be sent by Major Pendleton, who will also take up such arms as can be had and other supplies.

I am instructed by the major-general commanding to ask if the deserters who have reported to you have come conditionally and will rejoin their commands.

The general expresses himself greatly satisfied with your success in the case of the deserters.

I am, &amp;c.,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 194. Shreveport, La., November 18, 1863.

I. Brigadier General T. N. Waul, Provisional Army, Confederate States, having reported at these headquarters in obedience to instructions from the War Department, will at once proceed to collect the men of the Second Texas Regiment, the battalion of Louisiana Zouaves, and the several battalions and artillery companies of Waul's (Texas) Legion. He is authorized to fill the same by voluntary enlistment of persons not liable to conscription, and, through the enrolling officers of the different counties and parishes, by volunteers within the conscript age, whether enrolled or not. When taking them from men not enrolled, he will furnish

