
the enrolling officer with duplicate descriptive lists of the same. Under instructions of the Secretary of War, he is authorized to organize this force as mounted infantry. All officers in the Department of the Trans-Mississippi having in their commands any officers or enlisted men of any of the above-named organizations, will send them to such points as may be designated by Brigadier-General Waul.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 19, 1863.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Smith to request you to forward with all practicable dispatch the 12,000 stand of arms which, he is informed, are in your district en route to these headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

General Smith is mistaken in the number of arms; they were only 1,200.

STEPHEN D. YANCEY.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 19, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &c., Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt from your headquarters of copies of dispatches from Brigadier-General Bee, dated, respectively, November 2 and 5, 1863.*

The lieutenant-general infers from these dispatches that General Bee is retreating from the river, and he directs me to call your attention to his letter to you of the 14th instant, in which he indicates the policy he desires you to follow, which is that General Bee should remain on the river, as near Bronwsville as practicable.

He would urge upon you the importance of immediately sending the cavalry force indicated in the same letter to operate between San Antonio and the enemy, and, while preventing a raid in that direction, to keep him as closely confined in Brownsville as practicable.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 20, 1863.

Mr. L. L. JOHNSON:

SIR: I have learned with regret that many of the planters on red River, above this point, are making preparations to remove with their

---------------

*See Part I, p. 433.

---------------

