
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 19, 1863.

Brigadier General HENRY E. MCCULLOCH,

Commanding, &amp;c., Bonham, Tex.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that Captain Quantrill leaves Shreveport to-day to join his command, and passes your headquarters en route.

He is informed by this officers that several of his men, whom he regards as entirely reliable, went to the rendezvous of the deserters in your district, pretending that they also had deserted from their commands. They mixed among these outlaws freely, and they, thinking that Captain Quantrill himself was not loyal to our Government, fully disclosed their condition and plans. Captain Quantrill thinks that in giving themselves up to you it has been simply their purpose to get arms and ammunition, of which they were in need, so that in the spring they can go north. This they are resolved to do. It is the opinion of the commanding general that these men are unreliable with them, and thereby relieves you from all responsibility as to is fulfillment.

The concession to them of the privilege of serving where they are would increase the number of desertions, and greatly demoralize the troops in the commands from which they have deserted. He therefore directs that all those who have already given themselves up be sent to their commands immediately. The horses of such as do not belong to the cavalry will be purchased for the Government, in accordance with General Orders, Nos. 37 and 53, from Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond. The horses of those who hereafter give themselves up voluntarily shall be similarly disposed of.

The lieutenant-general commanding thinks that the only thing to be done now is to go vigorously to work, and kill or capture all those who refuse to come in. The commanding general thinks the ringleaders should have no quarter.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant, and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 21, 1863.

Brigadier General HENRY E. MCCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District of Texas:

GENERAL: Fearing that you may misunderstand the spirit of my letter to you, written by Lieutenant Cunningham, on the 19th instant, I wish to assure you that I have every confidence in your judgment. I know the sincerity and patriotic zeal with which you are laboring in the great cause of our independence, and I feel you will, on careful thought, accord with me in my views.

In Major Bryan's letter of the 2nd October, I promised to sustain you, but with the reservation that the deserters from other commands could not be permanently organized by you. You expected in immediate invasion, and, under that exigency, I consented to a temporary organization for your defense, but stated that the men were liable to be ordered away when the emergency passed.

