
his power, but that it is necessary they should all turn out and work on the fortifications until he can send negroes, as a cavalry raid from the coast may be expected before he can send negroes there.

There is a piece of ground, a knoll on the west side of the river above the town near and west of tunstall, that is said ought to be occupied by us.

The above is only a crude outline, and the commanding officer can make such changes as he may deem best, as we have not here a map of the place.

I am, major, &amp;c.,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,Houston, Tex., November 23, 1863.

His Excellency PENDLETON MURRAH,

Governor of Texas:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to inform you of a descent by the enemy, from 3,000 to 5,000 strong, upon the coast, and the capture by him of Brownsville, Corpus Christi and Aransas Passes, at which latter point gallant but unavailing resistance was offered by our small force of about 100 men, composed of Confederate and State troops.

Having good reasons to apprehend that cavalry raids will be attempted in the direction of San Antonio, and that a direction of San Antonio, and that a direct attempt will be made in force upon Austin so soon as the enemy will have been re-enforced, I have ordered both of these places to be strongly fortified, the first by Captain Schleicher, the second by Major Kellersberg, and am now sending about 500 negroes to San Antonio and about 1,000 to Austin for that purpose. In the meantime, it is my wish that this information may not be made public, as such publicity might accelerate the advance of the foe upon these places.

I have the honor to request that the Frontier Regiment be turned over to the Confederate authorities, in order that I may place five companies from it at Fort Clarke and the balance under General McCulloch, as I think such a force at Fort Belknap more usefully placed than scattered parties on the frontier, and this disposition would prove a great check upon raids from the Rio Grande toward San Antonio.

I am, Governor, &c.,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HOUSTON, TEX.,

November 23, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I received yesterday evening your communication, Numbers 1312,* in regard to the movements of Brigadier-General Bee, and the course which the lieutenant-general commanding wished him to pursue, and, in reply, I have the honor to make the following statement:

When I first received your instructions, General Bee was at or near King's ranch, some 120 miles this side of Brownsville, and the first intelligence I received of the landing of the enemy was form Las Animas, 60 miles this side.

---------------

*See letter of November 19, 1863, p. 428.

---------------

