
property with impunity is but Federal impudence. All non-combatants become belligerents, according to the laws of war, whenever you invade their private property and their home. The principle is well known that hostility and amity are wholly reciprocal, and that the non-combatant character or attitude ceases the moment the invader makes the hostile demonstration of plunder.

Let an invading army know this, and inform our people of their rights, instruct them when to resist, and arm them for the occasion, and the result will be salutary.

Texans, at least, will make it dangerous to push Federal assumption and impudence too far into their midst.

Very respectfully, and in great haste for this mail.

C. G. FORSHEY,

Consulting Engineer, &amp;c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers 156. Houston, Tex., June 10, 1863.

* * * *

II. Acting Brigadier General B. Debray is hereby placed in command of the Eastern Sub-District of Texas during the absence of Brigadier General W. R. Scurry.*

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 11, 1863.-For Johnston to H. B. Lyon, communicating instructions, see Series I, Vol. XXIV, Part III, p. 961.]

CAMP NEAR SIMSPORT, LA., June 11, 1863.

Captain E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

DEAR SIR: I send you inclosed a copy of report made to Major-General Taylor in reference to some of my officers and men. I have no doubt it came to your ears greatly exaggerated. Thinking it would be gratifying to you and the balance of my friends, I have inclosed to you this copy.+ Express to the major-general commanding my warmest thanks and gratitude for the kind manner in which he has spoken of me to Lieutenant-General Smith. His letter I have before me now, forwarded through Major-General Taylor. Say to him I shall try and merit the good opinion he has of me.

Yours, with many thanks,

JOSEPH PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding Third Regiment Arizona Brigade.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP NEAR SIMSPORT, LA., June 10, 1863.

Major E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

DEAR SIR: I have just received communication of Major-General Magruder, dated May 27, addressed to Captain J. F. Belton, assist-

---------------

*Colonel Debray assumed command same day.

+See also Smith to Cooper, June 16, p. 55.

---------------

