HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, November 28, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Commanding Western Sub- District:

GENERAL: It is of so much importance that I should see you, that I beg you will proceed to Victoria to meet me as soon as this reaches you, if you are not already there. I will leave here on the 2nd or 3rd proximo, and will proceed to Gonzales, leaving a courier at Cuero to communicate your presence at Victoria to me, when I will go over. If you should be at Lavaca or Indianola, I will go there to confer with you.

Dashiell's battery is en route to Victoria now; also, Pyron's and Woods' regiments are sent by steamer to Lavaca. Terrell's regiment is marching toward Matagorda, and will have orders to march to Lavaca, via Texana.

No more troops should be exposed to capture if we should fail in hording Saluria, but a strict watch must be kept on Lamar, and our troops, other than the garrison of Saluria, be held in hand to prevent any attempt in that direction.

I send you twelve wagon- loads of breadstuffs and one wagon- load of ammunition, assorted, escorted by Captain C. B. Sttuton.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major- General, Commanding.

HOUSTON, TEX.,

November 28, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding Western Sub- District of Louisiana:

GENERAL: The enemy has landed some 3,000 men on Mustang Island, capturing a garrison there of 100 men and three guns; since then has been re- enforced by some 1,500 men from Banks or New Orleans, and, I presume, will continue to draw re- enforcements from Berwick.

I am informed by a deserter, a Texan, who has been a clerk in the quartermaster's department in New Orleans, in Holabird's office, that the enemy cannot obtain sea- going transports enough to send Franklin's command by sea. Is this so, in your opinion!

At present he is trying to take Saluria (Pass Cavallo), and may succeed; if so, he reaches a rich part of Texas.

Please let me know if any expedition is being gotten up at Berwick Bay or New Orleans, as far as you may know or have learned.

I wrote you some time since that General Smith had stated to me that if I required the services of Colonel McNeill as inspector- general, he could be detailed, and I ask you, as a personal favor, to make or agree to the detail. He is popular here, and inspects well, and his friends are among the most patriotic and influential in the State. Can it be done!

I sent for the cargo of Wolf, Carlos &amp; Colonel, among other things, 3,000 pounds of powder, because it was represented to me it was in danger of falling into the hands of the enemy as it was. I have ordered the payment in cotton, which, I suppose, has been made. I need the cannon powder, some 1,500 pounds. If you need it also, I will send it to any point you may name that may be in my power. I have no transportation, however, in Louisiana, except some half dozen wagons at Niblett's Bluff, and if you can shorten the distance considerably, say,

