
by sending for it to the Calcasieu, I will send it with pleasure. Almost all the cargo, except the powder and a few articles of public necessity, I think, passed into the hands here of private parties. I will divide with you everything I have, if transportation can be furnished by you from Niblett's Bluff.

I send this by special messenger from Niblett's Bluff to Vermillionville.

I am, general,&amp;c.,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major- General, Commanding.

ALLEYTON, TEX.,

November 28, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

DEAR SIR: I inclose you Brigadier- General Webb's letter, that you may lay it before General Magruder. It is really necessary at this time that the persons who are delinquents should be hunted up, and, where the men could not be found, take all the arms, and press all the subsistence that can be spared without leaving the women and children destitute. Many of the persons on General Webb's list of delinquents are known to be disloyal, and it is certainly bad and dangerous policy at this time to leave hundreds of able, strong, disaffected men at home, to join the enemy whenever he should have a little success. Were 1 yet an officer with a command, I should at once attend to having them all arrested, but as I am not, I can only refer the matter to you. I think if President Davis knew as much as he should, he would be proud to approve the appointments made by General Magruder, who certainly knows better than any man what he and the country need to defend it. I really have no aspirations for office or command. I only wish to help the cause of my country all I can, and I will at all times refer to General Magruder all the services I can.

I am, very truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. WEBB.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. TWENTY- SECOND BRIGADE, TEXAS STATE TROOPS,La Gange, Tex., November 26, 1863.

Colonel H. L. WEBB,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Alleyton, Tex.:

COLONEL: Upon a more careful examination of my draft- rolls, I find that I omitted several names, and herewith send them to you.* This, with the roll already sent you, accounts for all the delinquents and absentees of this brigade. I have endeavored to give you such data as will enable you to understand the locality of every man, and in this connection allow me to suggest to you the propriety of your obtaining the use of Captain J. H. Kirby's company of State troops to do the work of hunting up the delinquents.

This company was the last turned over, and will rendezvous at Columbus next Monday. It is composed of men from every part of the brigade, and having been engaged in the work, and knowing the houses of the delinquents, they are best able to the work successfully. A

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

