HEADQUARTERS,San Antonio, November 30, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

CAPTAIN: The publication of the letters of Peeples, Baldwin, and others has caused great excitement in this city, and again I have to state that I cannot answer for their safety. Had I known of the black and deep- dyed villainy of these men (of which I think I should have been informed), I should never have accorded to Peeples the privileges which, through his family, I felt almost compelled to grant. Mrs. Herndon, his sister- in- law, accompanied his daughter to this place; she had shown my family kindness and hospitality, and, at her request, I offered her a room in my house. His family connections, the major- general commanding is aware, no doubt, are as good as any in the State. I have permitted this man under an armed guard to visit his family at my house, and also permitted them to send him his meals, prepared at a hotel. Whether this was right or wrong, the major- general commanding must decide. I was compelled to adopt this course, however, by the circumstances which surrounded me. Since reading his published letters, I have informed Mrs. Herndon that I could not again permit him to enter my house. These ladies are still with me, and it renders both their own and my situation extremely embarrassing. For God's sake, if possible, request the major- general commanding to have some disposition made of them. Mrs. Herndon is a very nice lady, and there is as true and as loyal as we are. His daughter is nearly heart- broken, and their suspense is terrible. I have doubled my guard upon the prisoners, and will protect their lives as long as I can as an official duty, but I am firmly of the belief that as soon as they pass from my hands they will be hung by the citizens, and if such people are not severely dealt with, our cause can never succeed.

I have attempted to disengage my duty toward these prisoners, and to act at the same time with as much kindness as possible toward Peeples' family, but it is hard to steer in the right course.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. DICKINSON,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant- General, Commanding Post.

LAVACA, TEX.,

November 30, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

I have the honor to state that Colonel Bradfute with his command evacuated the fort at Saluria last night, after spiking the guns and blowing up the magazines. His troops are now on th way to this place.

No fight occurred before the evacuation, with the exception of a few shots from the enemy from some batteries planted on the land below the fort, at a distance of 1 1\2 miles. I left the fort yesterday at 10 o'clock. Everything was quiet then, though early in the morning the enemy had thrown about a dozen shells from a rifled 6 pounder, most of which passed harmlessly over the fort, only two striking it. On my arrival here late last night, I made preparations to go to Houston posthaste, but, before getting off, stragglers came in announcing the evacu

