
I have to suggest that it would be better in an emergency to remove everything valuable from the tan-yard into the city, and fortify Rojos Hill, which commands the road and the valley through which the labor ditch runs, and would prevent any advance from that direction. It is a broken country, and skirmishers thrown out in that direction would with difficulty be dislodged. The stone work and uncompleted buildings at the tan- yard would not pay the trouble of their destruction. It would be a great loss, to be sure, but we have not labor to complete the whole. A raid is the only thing to be apprehended for some time to come, and it were better to meet that at the crossings of the San Antonio or Medina Rivers, or such stream as they may attempt to cross, say from 20 to 40 miles from the city. However, I merely throw out these suggestions, but will proceed to carry out as far as possible the instructions of the major- general commanding.

I have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. DICKINSON,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant- General, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. DIST. [OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA],On Columbus train, November 30, 1863.

Brigadier- General BEE:

GENERAL: Major- General Magruder directs that you at once move all your command, particularly your artillery, proceeding in person to Powder Horn, anticipating the enemy, to prevent his crossing at that place and cutting off our troops- getting on the inside.

The general wishes you to go, if possible, in person to Saluria, and communicate to the troops at that place that he is coming to their relief with a large force, and that they must hold out to the last.

I am, &amp;c.,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

[P. S.]- Pyron's and Woods' regiments have been ordered to Saluria; Debray's and Buchel's brigades and several light batteries have been ordered to Indianola. The general wishes you to concentrate you forces at Indianola, and keep good watch on Lamar.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &c.,Houston, T	ex., November 30, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: Brigadier- General Waul has reported to- day with instructions, known to the lieutenant- general commanding, by which

he is authorized to mount Waul's Legion and the Second Texas Infantry. I have brigaded the Second Texas and Waul's Legion with Likens' regiment and the Third Texas Infantry, all, with the exception of Likens' regiment, splendidly drilled infantry- the best brigade under my command, which I have reserved for General Waul. If he attempts to mount the Second Texas and his legion, it will be a failure, as the horses are not to be had, the State troops and other calls having exhausted the country. To disband his legion and Second Texas and

