
[Instructions to Lieutenant Mann.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF TEXAS,Corpus Christi, Tex., November 21, 1863.

Lieutenant WALTER L. MANN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General:

SIR: You will proceed in the vessel commanded by Captain Henry to the vicinity of the United States fleet at Aransas Pass. On arriving a point from which your signal can be seen, you will attract their attention, and await the approach of such boat as may be sent to you. As your mission is one solely of humanity, you will not approach so near information of their movements, strength, &amp;c. On receiving an answer to the communication which you bear, you bear, you will return to this point.

You will raise a white flag on you vessel as soon as you leave this wharf, and keep it flying until your return.

By order of Brigadier General H. P. Bee, Provisional Army:

E. R. TARVER,

Aide- de- Camp, and Assistant Adjutant- General.

STEAMER J. F. CARR,

Three miles from Matagorda, November 30, 1863- 10 a. m.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Colonel Pyron's regiment arrived here at 2 o'clock this morning; Colonel Woods', at 8 a. m. Captain Chesley has just arrived from Lavaca. He left Fort Esperanza at 10 o'clock last night, after Colonel Bradfute and hi officers had held a consultation and consultation and concluded to evacuate the fort. It is Captain Chesle's impression that the whole garrison are safe on the mainland. The first 40 men crossed the ferry with Captain Chesley. The enemy charged our rifle pits on the 28th, at 4 p. m., and took them, and have since used them against us. He reports that the enemy had three rifled Parrott guns in position yesterday, and fired 155 shells at the fort up to 10 p. m. last evening. None of our side killed, and but 2 wounded. The steamers Carr and Core are here. Colonels Pyron's and Woods' regiments will proceed to Victoria by land. It would be unsafe to take them by water, as some of the enemy's gunboats may be inside. I shall start with the Carr immediately and go to Lavaca. I have 30 men, one 18 pounder howitzer, and one 12 pounder howitzer. The steamer Cora I shall leave here to obstruct the channel 3 miles below this place, and also to remove the cotton (2,000 bales) up to the Caney. I have eleven small vessels here, and will leave an officer to take command of them, and assist in obstructing the channel. He will then take the steamer Cora and all the vessels in the bay as far up the Caney as possible, and also obstruct the mouth of that creek.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEON SMITH,

Commanding, &c.

P. S.- If I find, after arriving at Lavaca, that the John F. Carr can do no good as a gunboat, I shall take the artillery on shore, and send the Carr above Texana, on the Navidad.

