
on it will be open to him. The garrison of Saluria will probably go with it, but, I feel sure, will offer a vigorous resistance.

For the information of the lieutenant- general, I state that Saluria and Pass Cavallo are the same place.

Re- enforcements from Louisiana, if to be ordered at all, should be ordered without delay, and I think by Niblett's Bluff. In order to enable their lieutenant- general to judge, I gave him the data upon which I formed my opinion.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major- General, Commanding.

HOUSTON, TEX., December 1, 1863.

Colonel A. BUCHEL,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: I am instructed by Major- General Magruder to inform you that your brigade is being rapidly concentrated at Indianola, excepting Davidson's battalion, which remains at Niblett's Bluff. Your light batteries have gone forward, but may stop at Wharton. You are, therefore, directed to send forward a courier to overtake them, and order them to push forward to Indianola with rapidity, and without waiting for the brigade to join them.

I am, colonel, &c.,

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS, Alleyton, December 1, 1863.

Brigadier- General SLAUGHTER,Commanding Eastern Sub- District:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major- General Magruder to say he has gone to Indianola, and will be absent some weeks, Colonel Bankhead is left at Houston to open communications addressed to the major- general commanding and submit them for your action. The general pursues this course to have your presence at Galveston, and at the same time leaving Colonel Bankhead at Houston to execute your instructions at that place. You can, if it suits you, stay in Houston, and keep up communication with Galveston, if it be threatened. Better make inspection, then, and proceed against any deficiency.

Friction pricers are on the way from San Antonio. Major Fontaine will remain at Houston to supply arms and ammunition for heavy guns.[George R.] Wilson will be ordered to report to me for temporary duty as actin assistant chief of artillery. Major Fontaine will acquaint Colonel Bankhead with necessary matters in his department. Inform Colonel Sulakowski of this, that he may substitute Major Wilson, As soon as Major Fontaine can join the general, Major Wilson will be ordered to report to Colonel Sulakowski.

The enemy's plans seem to be to draw re- enforcements from Berwick by his transports, and operate east on the island, making use of such interior navigation as he can get; hance, work at Caney, whose right flank can be supported by our light- draught steamers, would be important, and Colonel Sulakowski you can consult with; he has been written to.

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

