HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., December 2, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of November 24, with regard to a plan (through the agency of Cortina) of defending Western Texas, General Smith directs me to say that he has no power to make any agreement to confer rank or to carry out the proposals you have made. He is equally powerless to dispose of cotton as contemplated, and, on account of his previous character, has but little confidence in Cortina himself. Such disbursements, if made at all, could only be made from some secret- service fund.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WEST,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., December 2, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas,&amp;c.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant- general commanding acknowledges the receipt of your communication of November 27, giving information of the movements of the enemy and asking for re- enforcements.

He directs me to say General Green's division of cavalry has been ordered to join you forthwith. The lieutenant- general commanding leaves immediately for General Taylor's headquarters, and will, if practicable, forward you additional re- enforcements.

General Green's command moves by Niblett's Bluff. The commanding general suggests that supplies for it should be put on the route by you as far as possible.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant, and Aide- de- Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES MOUTH OF BRAZOS,Velasco, Tex., December 2, 1863.

Captain L. G. ALDRICH,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

SIR: Yesterday I received an order from Major- General Magruder, commanding district, ordering me to send Colonel Brown with his regiment to Indianola with dispatch by forced marches.

In parting with this regiment, which has been in the service about two years, is well armed and tolerably well drilled, I part with the strongest portion of my command.

My regiment has only six companies left- three armed and serving as infantry, one light battery, and two companies serving as heavy artillery. The artillery companies are almost entirely destitute of small arms, and the command is divided, as you know, by the Brazos River.

Here is my reliance for defense- only three companies- should the forts be abandoned.

It is true that Colonel [T. W.] Jones has arrived with seven com

