
panies of State troops, but they are raw troops, badly armed, undrilled and undisciplined, and have no ammunition prepared.

Thus is summed up my sole reliance for the defense of my position, which is, i my humble judgment, one of the most important in the State, inasmuch as it is a point from which the enemy can do the greatest injury in the shortest distance and time.

The major- general says, in his communication, that in two or three days Colonel Luckett will be at Sandy Point is at least 40 miles from Velasco in a direct line, and, in my opinion, troops stationed there could render me no useful support. It would take at least three day to get andy support from Colonel Luckett if he remains at Sandy Point, and, besides, it seems to me that the largest number of troops should be at the point where the attack is expected.

If I am to hold this point, I would suggest that at last one regiment of infantry be sent here with dispatch, and I will have rifle- pits or ditches dug immediately, say just below the camp of the light artillery, from the beach to the bayou, on the west side of the river, and on east side from the beach to the mouth of the canal on Oyster Creek. I think, with the infantry indicated, I can make a good resistance.

I shall be in much suspense until I hear from you. In the meantime I shall be vigilant and do all that I can.

One vessel in sight last night. Two guns fired west of the Bernard this morning at 3 o'clock; the cause not yet ascertained.

I will report constantly.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BATES,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT TERRELL'S REGIMENT,Camp near Houston, December 2, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report for the information of the major- general commanding that, in obedience to his order to me to select a detachment of 25 men from Colonel A. W. Terrell's regiment, and pursue and bring in Captain Murray, Lieutenant Chancellor, and the men who left their regimental colors with them, I left the camp near Columbus on the 17th day of October. At Milican, I met Lieutenant Starr, who was on his way to the regiment with a few of the men who had left with Captain Murray. From him I learned that Captain Murray was most likely to be found at home in the eastern part of Wood County. Soon after leaving Millican, en route, I learned from several sources that Captain Murray and his men were in camp near Springville, in Wood County, numbering about 60 men, all armed and prepared for resistance. I heard various reports as to hi whereabouts, which determined me to send 4 men in advance of the detachment, 2 to Springville, and 2 to Captain Murray's home in Wood County. I directed them to join him under the pretense of being deserters themselves, learn his whereabouts, his intentions and strength, and return and report to me at Tyler. When the detachment reached Henderson County, Monday, the 26th October, the county in which Lieutenant Chancellor resides, I took 4 men, left my line of travel 10 miles, captured Lieutenant Chancellor near his home, carried him to the conscript camp near Tyler, and delivered him to Major Tucker, commanding camp, for safe- keeping. i reached Tyler the evening of the

