
informs me that it was not expected I would go home, and if I had done so it was not the understanding, &amp;c. I was ordered to return with the detachment to my regiment at once. I have entered into a detailed account of my trip, stated the number of miles traveled, the dates, and the energy I displayed from the time I left until my return, not as a matter of credit to me, but to show how utterly unfounded and unjust such an accusation was. Had I avoided Tyler in my route to Wood County, where I arrested Captain Murray, I would have been censurable for going out of the direct route. Had I not gone home when my camp was within 1\2 miles, I think the major- general would have censured me as an unfeeling husband and father. I made the camp near Tyler the depot for my prisoners, because there were no other troops to guard them within 100 miles distance, and Tyler was the only military post within 75 miles. I hope the major- general will appreciate the wounded feelings of an officer, and make the proper allowance for this prolix statement.

I think it is due to me that I should be relieved from the implied censure of the major- general apparent in your communication referred to, if the facts justify it. If they do not, I shall be left under the sting of his disapprobation.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. ROBERTSON,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding Detachment Terrell's Regiment.

[Indorsement.]

The result of Lieutenant- Colonel Robertson's efforts shows how energetic have been his labors in arresting deserters. It appears that his home was on the route which he should have traveled in pursuing the deserters, and his going by his home was, therefore, natural and proper. I am satisfied, from Lieutenant- Colonel Robertson's statements, his report, and the success of his expedition (which was undertaken while I was absent), that his sole motive in undertaking the arrest of Captain Murray was to promote the interest of the service.

A. W. TERRELL,

Colonel, Terrell's Regiment Texas Cavalry.

HOUSTON, TEX.,

December 2, 1863.

CommaNDING Officer of Luckett's Brigade:

SIR: I am instructed by Major- General Magruder to direct you to move forward without delay to Sandy Point with all the troops under your command. On arriving there, you will communicate with Colonel Bates, and say that you are ready to render him any assistance wherever he may require it.

I am, &c.,

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

[DECEMBER 3, 1863.-For Smith to Harison, in reference to arms crossing the Mississippi River, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p. 1087.]

