SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 208 Shreveport, La., December 3, 1863.

---------------

* * * * * * *

---------------

XI. Paragraph VI, Special Orders, No. 202, current series, department headquarters,* is revoked. Brigadier General P. O. Hebert, Provisional Army, Confederate State, will report to Major General J. B. Magruder, commanding District of Texas, &amp;c., for assignment to duty.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Victoria, December 3, 1863.

Colonel BANKHEAD:

Send Luckett's brigade (Likens leaving his horses) as rapidly as possible to Velasco. The enemy will be there in three days by the beach. Let him go down on the west bank of the river, if the enemy has not occupied the place before he shall arrive, and, if the enemy has got possession of Velasco, order him to march direct to Galveston and re- enforce that place, looking well to Virginia Point, and taking his light battery with him. The enemy is en route to Velasco by the beach from Saluria, and will be there in three days, four at most.

Inform Colonel [A. T.] Rainey, at Galveston, and tell him to look well to the point where Offatt's Bayou empties into the bay west of the bridge; also to the causeway between the last fort on the road to the bridge.

I arrived her to- day, travelling nearly all night, and will leave for Velasco in a few minutes. Saluria was evacuated on Sunday; 1 man killed, 3 wounded. The artillery on wheels brought off.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major- General, Commanding.

VICTORIA, TEX.,

December 3, 1863.

Major E. W. CAVE:

The major- general commanding directs that you cause the State troops now at Liberty to proceed at once as rapidly as possible, with- out their horses, by forced marches to Galveston, and also all the State troops intended for Liberty you will send to Galveston with the utmost dispatch, without horses. Colonel [H. L.] Webb has been directed to order the company from Columbus to Houston to report to you. The enemy is advancing on Velasco.

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS,Victoria, December 3, 1863.

Colonel DEBRAY,

Commanding Brigade:

Colonel Debray, commanding brigade, will at once proceed with his brigade on the road leading from Texana to Columbia till he strikes the San Bernard River, which he will cross, and, marching down the east

Not found.

