
Texana to Columbia until the San Bernard River is reached, which will be crossed, and these commands, under command of Colonel Woods, will proceed down on the east bank of the San Bernard until Churchill's Ferry is reached, where they will halt and remain on the east bank of the San Bernard. On reaching this place, they will join their brigade.

The wagons loaded with corn and meal will go with these regiments. These movements must be forced,as the enemy is advancing on Velasco,

---------------

* * * * * * *

---------------

By command of Major- General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

POWDER HORN, TEX., December 3, 1863.

Colonel BRATFUTE:

SIR: Your orders, sent by express, came to hand this evening, and will be obeyed as far as in my power.

In regard to the arrangement of signal fires, I would most respectfully suggest to you that I have no rackets; will however, in the morning select the most prominent places on the bay where signal fires could be made to the best advantage; hope, however, to receive further instructions from you in relation to them, so that I may be enabled to gave concert of action in this important matter.

I have kept a picket stand of 10 men constantly at Big Bayou, who scout between Alligator Head and Big Bayou. My pickets, at sundown, reported that a large number of tents are stretched between the crossing of Saluria Bayou and the light house; three steamers are lying apparently inside the Pass; that a number of small vessels are plying constantly between them and the island; likewise, that a large vessel seems to be lying on the beach, seemingly undergoing repairs.

Very respectfully,

W. H. KELLEY,

Captain, Commanding Cavalry Company.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Bayou Boeuf, December 4, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, New Mexico. &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt this evening of your dispatch of the 28th ultimo. Your note of the 6th ultimo was received a day or two since, and has been replied to.

I am satisfied the enemy has been delayed in his Texas campaign by the want of sea- going transports, and the removal of stores which had been accumulated at New Iberia during his campaign her, and which has necessitated his retaining a large force at that place. I have also received from General Green your not e to him, and beg to suggest that communications to the commanders of Texas organizations in this district in regard to their return to Texas tend to impair their efficiency while her. Some time since, when I first became apprised that an expedition was being fitted out for the Texas coast, I informed the lieutenant general commanding the department that as an active campaign in Texas would preclude the possibility of an offensive campaign here at the same time, I could in the former case take or send 7,000 or 8,000 men to another portion of the department. These suggestions have

