
made on change in your orders, except to keep Captain [W. H.] Kelley at Alligator Head to send reliable dispatches. All other troops will move. I will forward any further news that may arrive.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier- General, Provisional Army, Confederate States.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Navidad, December 4, 1863- 8.30 p. m.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE, Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major- General Magruder to say that you will station the brigade commanded by Colonel James Duf at the point where the road from Victoria, via Mrs. Sutherland's, strikes the Caney River, and report yourself in person to these headquarters.

The general, in view of the fact that the enemy has not beyond all it best that this brigade should remain until further orders at the point above designated, to prevent a flank movement.

As soon as further developments are made, we shall have an eye to the west.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS,Navidad, December 4, 1863.

Colonel WOODS, Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: Major- General Magruder directs that you proceed at day- light in the morning by forced marches, crossing the Colorado at Elliott's Ferry to Velasco.

When you arrive at the San Bernard River, if you find that the enemy has not crossed that stream, you will cross it, and you are directed to defend the crossing.

Should the enemy succeed against your efforts in forcing a passage, you will resist his progress, even to Velasco, retarding his movements in every way possible. Brown's and Terrell's regiments have been given similar orders. All of these commands will be under the orders of the ranking officer present, who will carry out these orders, and will be held responsible for a vigorous resistance to the enemy at the crossing of the San Bernard River. Your command will move without its transportation, as light as possible and with the utmost rapidity, so as to interpose itself between the enemy and Velasco, toward which place the enemy is said to be rapidly advancing. Luckett's brigade is probably at Velasco, and orders have been sent to it to- day to operate in the same manner.

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

HOUSTON, December 4, 1863.

To the Planters of Texas:

The cotton of the country, as a basis of exchange for the various army supplies which have been imported into the country, and for which pay

