
killing beeves, there being upward of fifty shots heard during the day. He is of the opinion that none of the enemy have as yet crossed over to Matagorda Peninsula. The fires referred to by other pickets were those used by the enemy who landed on that point the night of the evacuation (29th)

I have sent to Captain Kelley to find out, if possible, the strength of the enemy now at Saluria, and if any of them have moved in the direction of Velasco.

I am, captain, respectfully,

W. R. BRADFUTE,

Colonel, Commadning Coast.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, December 5, 1863- Midnight.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER, Commanding District, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your several communications, date en route to Velasco, December 3, addressed to Colonels Bankhead, Sulakowski, * and others.

The dispatches arrived about 7 to- night, and Colonel Bankhead and myself immediately placed ourselves in communication with General Slaughter, and proceeded to carry out your instructions. I also at once sent for Pendleton, Garey, Captain Scott, Cave, Luckett, and the officers of the railroads, and made the necessary arrangements for immediately carrying out your orders. I sent up to- night a train for the regiment of State troops at Hempstead, the Federal prisoners having been ordered to march, and Major Cave sends up a courier to hurry forward the State troops under Colonel Townes from Northern Texas. Luckett, Gray, and Ashbel Smith leave at daylight for Velasco. I have sent orders to Gould's regiment to hurry forward as rapidly as possible. Colonel Bankhead has directed a train to be prepared ready to move the stores up the Central Railroad (giving preference to ordnance stores), according to Captain Turner's letter. I shall send off a courier to meet Green's division on the Vermillionville road and hurry it forward as rapidly as possible. I inclose you a communication received to- day from General Smith, relative to re- enforcements+

Carrington and Sprigg I have directed to join you, with your bedding and camp equipage. Major Hyllested has called upon the exempts for details, in order to relieve all of the available troops, State and Confederate, on duty in this city. General Slaughter will come up to- morrow and proceed at once to the field. The usual number of blockaders are off Galveston. Nothing else of importance.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES MOUTH OF BRAZOS,Velasco, Tex., December 6, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER, Assistant Adjutant- General:

SIR: All is quiet from below ; so report my scouts. Asail- vessel, three- masted,in sight, a long way out to sea, hardly visible, going no particular direction, but bearing westward, if anything.

---------------

*That to Sulakowski not found.

+Not found.

---------------

