
I sent a courier to Colonel Brown this morning, suggesting to him that he would,in my opinion, do more good by keeping his regiment on the west side of the San Bernard, and sending scouts to reconnoiter as far down the peninsula as they can go with safety.

There are companies in Colonel Brown's regiment that are very familiar with all the ground between that San Bernard and Caney and along the peninsula. Besides, by taking the position pointed out by me, it might prevent a raid up Caney, and I know it would be the most prompt manner that can be adopted for speedy information. It would, too, prevent the escape of negroes to the enemy, and a most certain method of warning a large and helpless neighborhood against being taken by surprise in the event the enemy approaches.

If you approve, I respectfully suggest that your order Colonel Brown as indicated above.

I am greatly in want of infantry troops, I suggested to Colonel Likens, commanding Luckett's brigade, by courier yesterday, that he was too far of to be of service to this point in the event of an attack by a large force. My forces consist of three companies of infantry, two of heavy artillery, one light battery (four guns), all good troops; also six companies of cavalry, State troops, Colonel Jones commanding, who are tolerably well armed, but have little ammunition, and most of that is damaged and has been condemned. Hence you see in what consists my force to "hold out to the last extremity."

The Parrott gun arrived this morning, and will be placed in position without delay.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BATES,

Colonel.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Fugeley's House, December 6, 1863.

Brigadier- General BEE,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The general directs that you retain all your troops excepting Hobby's regiment, which will be ordered to proceed on to Caney, and take post near Hardemen's as rapidly as possible.

Orders have been given Colonel Duff directly to remain with his regiment where he is at present, and Dashiell has been ordered to report to him. Hobby will be directed by you to establish a rear guard and bring up every one of his men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Captain John Rugeley's Farm, December 6, 1863- 2 p. m.

[Brigadier General H. P. BEE:]

GENERAL: I am uneasy about the fate of Hobbys regiment, one company of which and parts of others, as you are aware, having expressed a determination not to go east.

A letter was addressed to you giving instructions how to proceed, but as I was informed that you had intended to leave Victoria the

