
under these conditions when he arrives. In meantime, Colonel Bates will command the whole, unless some superior officers should arrive.

The order issued this morning, directing the infantry of Luckett's brigade to remain at Columbia, is countermanded, and it is deemed advisable for them to proceed to Velasco, as the movements of the enemy are not yet developed.

Colonel [J. B.] Likens, as ordered, will march with his regiment, crossing Colorado at Elliott's Ferry, and join Colonel Duff, who is either at Texana or on the march near Victoria.

---------------

* * * * * * *

---------------

By command of Major- General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

CANEY,

December 7- 7 a. m.

Lieutenant ROBINSON:

SIR: Scouts not yet returned. A three- masted vessel, apparently a steamer, passed her just before sun- up, standing toward Velasco. She was too far off to be plainly seen, and moved with rapidity. All quiet.

Yours, &amp;c.,

G. A. FORSGARD.

MOUTH OF CANEY,

December 7- 12 m.

Lieutenant J. H. ROBINSON,

Adjutant, &c.:

SIR: Your communication of 4 p. m. yesterday was received half an hour ago.

The scouts sent below have not yet been heard from. As soon as they return, I will send the information they may have gathered by special courier to the colonel commanding, and to Captain [A. H.] Thompson, if of such a nature as t be of any importance to him.

Nothing has been heard or seen since my last report- I send you a report every six hours by scouts- on the gulf or bay.

A schooner was seen in the creek about 4 miles from here at 10, going up.

A drove of beeves are now crossing the canal, 2 miles from here, coming this way. I sent a man down, who ascertained they were in charge of Sergeant Dunn.

Yours, &c.,

G. A. FORSGARD.

CANEY,

December 7- 6 p. m.

Lieutenant ROBINSON:

SIR: I have nothing to report since noon, excepting that Lieutenant [J. H.] Dance and three men are here on their way down the peninsula to reconnoiter, in consequence of which I will not send any men down. I am hourly looking for the return of the two men sent yesterday morning. I sent a scout down a few miles to- day, but did not learn anything.

G. A. FORSGARD.

