
tions, concerning the late occurrences at the mouth of the Rio Grande. He proposed to stop the frontier trade and arrest all Confederate officers visiting Matamoras, until the persons captured were released.

Exhibit B is a note addressed to General H. P. Bee, on the 15th ultimo, by said Governor Lopez, demanding the release of the parties captured on Mexican territory.

Exhibit C is the reply of the minister of state and foreign relations, dated on the 1st instant, giving instructions to Governor Lopez, and disapproving the order to stop the frontier trade. Governor Lopez is notified to consult the General Government, and wait for a reply from the same before issuing such orders.

Exhibit D is a dispatch a addressed to Governor Lopez by said minister of state on the 30th of January last, instructing him to issue a proclamation stating that the Government of Mexico disapproves of any expeditions fitted out in Tamaulipas against Texas, and that all persons joining the same will not be entitled to the protection of said Government. Governor Lopez has neglected to publish the aforesaid proclamation, but he is now ordered to do so upon the reception of said dispatch.

Although the excitement at Matamoras has, since the release of Colonel Davis, completely subsided, I understand that the Federal Government of Mexico is to address a diplomatic note to that department in reference to the violation of the neutrality of Mexico by armed forces of the Confederate States.

I learn from California that the Federal troops at Tucson, Ariz., were, on the 8th of February last, under marching orders for the Rio Grande. The object of this expedition is to cut off the supplies the Confederacy is receiving by the Rio Grande and through Mexico. The expedition numbers about 5,000, including U. S. Regulars and New Mexico and California Volunteers. It is believed that a force of 5,000 more men can be raised in Texas and on the Mexican side of the Rio Grande. The expedition, no doubt, is to work its way toward the Gulf, with the aid of the Union men of Texas, until the boundary shall be entirely in Federal hands. They believe the enterprise to be easy of execution. The troops are to take possession of the chain of forts extending toward San Antonio, and make each, in succession, the base of operations against the next, until the army's within easy communication with a co-operative force upooln the Gulf.

I have sent the above information to the military authorities of Texas. I believe it to be reliable.

Puehla has not yet been taken. The French continue fighting in the city. Several French families were murdered in Mexico on the 4th instant.

I have, &amp;c.,

J. A. QUINTERRO.

EXHIBIT A.

MILITARY DISTRICT OF THE STATE OF TAMAULIPAS, SECTION OF WAR, Numbers 21, Matamoras, March 15, 1863.

CITIZENS MINISTER OF FOREIGN RELATIONS,

Mexico:

CITIZENS MINISTER: The communication which I addressed to you some days ago, informing you of the events which had occurred on this

4 R R-VOL XXVI, PT II

