
sent an agent to attend to it. Hard bread is ordered from Houston. No ammunition or small- arms at Columbia.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. WIGGINS,

Quartermaster's Agent.

P. S.- I also inclose copy of letter from Mr. Emmet Smith, and copy of my reply.

[Inclosures]

[DECEMBER 7, 1863.]

Captain J. W. WIGGINS,

Columbia:

I am in the neighborhood of Sweeney's, under special order from General Magruder to impress the flat- boats in the San Bernard River, and load them with meal, corn, and potatoes, and get them to Churchill's Ferry as soon as possible. I have got Mr. Sweeney's wagon in use, hauling these supplies to Black's Ferry to load the boats. I will take all the ferry- boats excepting Hinkle's.

There are some Government sacks and bagging at Sam Sweeney's that I would like to have to put meal in; will you let me have them!

Yours, &amp;c.,

EMMETT SMITH.

COLUMBIA, TEX.,

December 7, 1863.

Mr. EMMETT [SMITH]:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of to- day at hand. I am sorry I cannot comply with your request, as it will interfere with all my previous arrangements, unless by special order from Major General J. B. Magruder.

Respectfully, &c.,

J. W. WIGGINS,

Quartermaster's Agent.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Captain John Rugeley's House, December 7, 1863- 4 a. m.

Brigadier- General BEE,

En route from Victoria to Columbia:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major- General Magruder to say that he has received positive information of the advance of the enemy up the Matagorda Peninsula. This renders it necessary for your troops to move in this direction as rapidly as possible. You will, therefore, hurry on Duff's regiment, Hobby's regiment, and the artillery as rapidly as possible by forced marches, crossing the Colorado at Elliott's Ferry, and striking the Caney at Hawkins' Plantation Landing, sending ahead to get corn. You will find corn at Elliott's Ferry, kept by Mr. Kerkendall. The meal and corn sent by train of wagons to Texana from Columbus had better be divided between Duff's regiment, Hobby's regiment, and the artillery. Hobby's regiment requires but few wagons. The major- general thinks it strange that you have not communicated to him the marching of these regiments. You will communicate with him at once, sending the dispatch via Hawkins' Ferry on the Caney. If any of the troops refuse to march, you will use the troops which are faithful, and fire upon such as refuse to march forward. You will use for this purpose the artillery as well as other troops which are faith

