
ful. You are expected to march with the greatest rapidity. Let there be no delay.

You will bring with you Dashiell's artillery as well as [John S.] Greer's, but do not delay on account of the latter, if not ready.

Direct Lieutenant- Colonel Lea, with the engineers, implements, and all the negroes he has, to proceed as rapidly as possible to the confluence of the San Marcos and the Guadalupe, near Gonzales.

You and your troops may still be in time, if the march is conducted with rapidity. Direct Colonel [S. H.] Darden to destroy the wharves, railroad, burning the ties, burning and destroying the engines, flats, coaches, &amp;c., from Lavaca to Victoria, and also the storehouses, and every house excepting such as are actually occupied by the people at Indianola, Powder Horn, and Lavaca, giving the people one day's notice to leave, if possible. This will be done by the State troops under his command, and a complete destruction of all these things will be made.

You are directed to hurry on as rapidly as possible Hobby's cannon to Columbus, to be shipped to Houston. These are the guns which Colonel Hobby secured, referred to above. Direct Colonel Darden to impress teams and haul corn, placing it in depot at Gonzales. He will impress all transportation, excepting such as transport cotton for Major Hart or Major Bloomfield, or hauling cotton which has been received in payment for supplies. All other transportation will be impressed. If it carries cotton other than that excepted above, it will be taken to Cuero and deposited there, and the transportation used by Colonel Darden. This transportation will be used to gather corn from the lower part of the country on the Guadalupe, and deposit it in depot in houses in rear of Gonzales- 3 or 4 miles in rear, between the San Marco and the Guadalupe.

Send on the ammunition wagon belonging to the train from Columbus, putting two more mules to it, as ammunition is wanted at Velasco.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

P. S.- Send a wagon ahead with 6 and 12 pounder ammunition and friction primers, Enfield rifle caps, and sporting caps, and as much small arms ammunition as you can spare, sending a wagon on at once with this, and not waiting for the wagon from Columbus. This step is taken for fear that the train ordered here from Houston may not arrive in time.

The general goes to the front from this place, and can be found at Mr. Greenville McNeel's, on Gulf Prairie, 4 miles east of Churchill's Ferry, on the San Bernard, 6 miles from its mouth, or somewhere between the San Bernard and the Caney, near the coast, reconnoitering. You will send your dispatches to this place (Captain John Rugeley's house), to be forwarded by courier to him from here.

Major- General Magruder directs that before crossing the San Bernard and Caney, a discreet officer will be sent forward with a white flag to communicate with our troops who are on those streams, in order that no collision may occur. Care must be taken in moving, as our troops are scattered in the lower country.

Very respectfully, &c.,

W. KEARNY,

Inspector- General.

