
epithets, was received to- day. The document is signed "By command of Major- General Magruder," and, not having the signature of your assistant adjutant- general, or any other person acting officially, I trust that it did not undergo your perusal and approval. I am so thoroughly convinced of the inapplicability of the order to the regiment I have the honor of commanding, that I deem it my duty to submit a copy of it to honor of commanding, that I deem it my duty to submit a copy of it to you, and respectfully ask that the name of my regiment be expunged from the order.

The reading of the order is respectfully deferred until your further orders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. C. WOODS,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty- second Regiment.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;c., Numbers 334. Hawkins' Farm, December 8, 1863.

---------------

* * * * * * *

---------------

XXXV. Not only robbing, but the contemptible crime of theft, has marked the line of march of Woods', Terrell's, and Pyron's regiments. Thefts have been committed on the premises of hospitable citizens who have been doing everything in their power for the soldiers. This latter case is known to the commanding general personally, though he is not able to identify the perpetrators. Honorable officers, and soldiers cannot escape the disgrace which attaches to such conduct; it is, therefore, their duty to themselves, as well as to the public, to size and bring those depredators before the commanding general or other officer in command.

Not only have cattle, hogs, and sheep been killed and appropriated without authority, but horses have been stolen and sold, and clothing purloined from the houses of our best citizens, at which our men have been entertained. The commanding general is aware that these scoundrels and cowards, as they always are, constitute but a small portion of any regiment, but as a drop of poison vitiates a glass of pure water, so does the act of one villain injure the reputation of all his command. The commanding general enjoins upon all the officers and men to detect such offenders, and he assures them that the punishment of those who deserve it shall be short and decisive.

When the emergency requires it, the officer in separate command of a brigade, regiment, or battalion will detail a sufficient number of officers and men for the purpose of securing cattle, hogs, meat, corn, and potatoes, and whatsoever else may be necessary for the men, giving certified accounts to the owners for the same, which will be settled when presented to the quartermaster's or subsistence departments.

By command of Major- General Magruder:

HDQRS. BUREAU STATE TROOPS, DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &c.,Houston, December 9, 1863.

Captain L. G. ALDRICH, Assistant Adjutant- General:

SIR: I have submitted your communication respecting the status of the State troops and the duties of this bureau to the major- general commanding, and am instructed to reply as follows:

The State troops of the command are as completely under the com

32 R R- VOL XXVI, PT II

