
mand of Brigadier- General Slughter as those which have been mustered into the service for the war. All orders issued from the adjutant- general's office, of which this bureau forms a department, respecting these troops, should properly come through your headquarters. When the emergency will not justify delay, the orders will be sent direct, but in all cases a copy of the orders will be immediately sent your headquarters.

The State troops are in the Confederate service, the only difference being that their term of service is six months. This bureau has been created to bring to bear upon their organization and management, the service of the officers being devoted exclusively to that duty. The adjutant- general's department proper is complete in its powers, he receiving his instructions from the major- general commanding through myself as chief of the bureau. The judge advocate- general, inspector- general, and medical director also perform all their appropriate functions.

The medical purveyor, at the instance of Surgeon Berrien, medical director, has obtained medical supplies and established a depot. The duties of the chief quartermaster and chief commissary are purely administrative, looking only to the putting of accounts and papers of their departments upon a proper footing for settlement, which disbursements, as they have made, have been upon the order and under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the district.

It has been my effort, in the performance of the delicate tasks devolved upon me;to so harmonize my action with the wishes and views of the district commander as to prevent any conflict of authority or opinion. I shall at all times be pleased to know the wishes of the brigadier general commanding the sub-district, and will keep you fully posted as to any movements of the State troops made by these headquarters. The general orders from these headquarters are sent direct, from the fact that the data are always at hand to show the location of the troops.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. W. CAVE,

Major, &amp;c., Chief of Bureau of State Troops.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, 7c.,Hawkins' Plantation, December 10, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of a letter from Brigadier- General Green,* in which he makes the following statement:

I do not think the enemy are more than 7,000 or 8,000 strong now in New Iberia. They are leaving every day for the bay, and embarking at Brashear for the Texas coast. I think there is no doubt but that the whole of the army lately at this place (about 20,000 strong) will soon be in Texas; half of them are either now there or on their way.

He also says:

General Taylor writes to me that he has offered to take or send to you 7,000 troops.

From the fact that the enemy are constantly reported as being reenforced, and are showing a boldness of movement which indicates

---------------

*Of December 4.

See p. 477.

---------------

