HEADQUARTERS, Port Hudson, La., May 15, 1863.

Colonel JOHN L. LOGAN,Commanding Outpost, Olive Branch:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that upon the receipt hereof you forward to him the report of the strength of your cavalry force on and in the direction of the Bayou Sara road. He also directs that you keep him regularly advised as to the movements of the enemy in front. Send in all your morning reports immediately.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JOHN S. LANIER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 133. Port Hudson, May 15, 1863.

I. Colonel A. R. Witt, with his regiment (the Tenth Arkansas), is assigned to duty with Beall's brigade, and will report to Brigadier General W. N. R. Beall with as little delay as practicable.

II. Roberts' battery and the Ninth Louisiana Battalion Partisan Rangers are temporarily assigned to Colonel Miles' lines, on the breastworks, and will report to Colonel W. R. Miles for duty with as little delay as practicable.

III. Colonel W. R. Miles' lines on the breastworks will commence on the right at the river and extend to the left. He will scatter his troops as far to the left as practicable.

IV. The Watson Battery is hereby assigned to duty with Beall's brigade, and will report to Brigadier General W. N. R. Beall with as little delay as possible.

* * * *

VII. Colonel Frank P. Powers, Fourteenth Arkansas Volunteers, will proceed to Olive Branch and report to Colonel John L. Logan, who will assign him to duty as commander of the cavalry at that place, under his own command, as commanding the outpost.

By command of Major General Frank. Gardner:

[T. FRIEND WILLSON,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., May 15, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,Commanding:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to inform you that on the return of Captain [J. G.] Meem, jr., to this place, General Walker, who remained at Monroe, was ordered by Minden to Shreveport. This evening information has been received that the enemy have fallen back to Alexandria. Should you think that the junction can be made at Grand Ecore, your courier can intercept Walker at or near Minden, and turn him toward Campti. He must be governed by the place where the courier can intercept Walker at or near Minden, and turn him toward Campti. He must be governed by the place where the courier meets him as to the road he will take. If not too near Minden, probably the Red Wine road would be the best.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

