
frontier, and asking your instructions for my guidance in the event of the happening of the contingencies therein mentioned, will have apprised you of apprehensions entertained by me that some complications would arise with the Texans. Unfortunately, my fears were not unfounded. The forces called Confederates have committed three outrages, which have come to my knowledge almost simultaneously. The copy of the communication addressed by this command to General Bee, which I have the honor to annex, will apprise you of the magnitude of the grievances inflicented on this Republic. The most scandalous in its consequences is that which occurred to-day, at the mouth of the river. Several individuals belonging to the naval service of the United States, among them Colonel Davis and some other political refugees, were at the bar, awaiting a favorable opportunity for embarking on board of the war vessels anchored in the roadstead of the port, when, at 4 o'clock's this morning, a force of a little more than 100 men crossed and seized them, carrying them prisoners to the Texas territory. I have demanded their liberation, and, in the probable event of my note not being attended to, I shall order the suspension of all intercourse with Texas.

Although this measure affects very valuable Mexican interests, in consequence of the commercial relations which unite the two frontiers, it is the only one at my disposal, as I shall thus prevent the introduction of provisions, as Matamoras is the port whence they derive their whole supply.

I also send an express to General Garza, that he may order the march to this frontier of the battalion of sharpshooters of the Bravo, with which, and with a further force to be organized, the line will be sufficiently garrisoned to resist, in case of necessity, and new attack.

I do not yet know if the turn events may tkae will force me to use reprisals by ordering the apprehension of Confederate officers who may cross to this side, but I can assure you that may conduct shall be consistent with the dignity of the Republic.

The people are indignant at such proceedings, and I am happy to say to you that as soon as the inhabitants at the month of the river heard the news of the outrage, they armed themselves in a small number, and killed 2 of the Confederates, within our having to deplore any loss.

I again urge that you give me instructions. It may well happen that the reprehensible act committed by our neighbors may precipitate events.

As soon as the United States war vessel was informed of what had occurred, it departed for Corpus Christi, promising to return in three days with an armed force to attack the opposite bank.

The indignation caused by the above-mentioned fact has already produced great sympathy for the North and much hatred for the Southerners, so that many Mexicans will, perhaps, join the former, without my being able to prevent it.

In three or four days I will inform you, by special express, of what has occurred, if worthy of being communicated to you, and, on my part, I charge you that you send me instructions, especially whether I may use reprisals to the extent of crossing to the Texan territory in pursuit of all who may invade ours.

Until your answer is received, this office will issue orders in this sense.

Liberty and reform.

ALBINO LOPEZ.

