
Give no furloughs or leaves of absence. There is no time for them now. Furloughs will be allowed after the fight.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding,&amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,McNeel's, December 15, 1863.

Colonel S. M. BAIRD,

Commanding Regiment:

COLONEL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that you will collect all the men of your command, including Colonel Showalter's companies in the Indian Territory, and proceed without the least delay to San Antonio, taking post at that place with your whole regiment until further orders. The enemy is threatening all quarters in large force, and it is expected that every man who has enlisted in your regiment, and who may be absent from any cause, whether detailed or not, will join his command at once. You will, therefore, give the necessary orders to bring all your men in.

A copy of this letter will be sent to Brigadier-General Steele, who is requested to send down every available man who can be spared from his command, to repel the enemy, now threatening all along the coast.

Please acknowledge receipt of this letter, and state when you will be at San Antonio with your command.

I am, &c.

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers 217. McNeel's, Brazoria Co., December 15, 1863.

I. In order to perfect the organization of the troops in this district, the following arrangements have been made:

First Division, Brigadier General H. P. Bee commanding.

First Brigade, First Division, Colonel Woods commanding: Woods' regiment of cavalry, Pyron's regiments of cavalry.

Second Brigade, First Division, Colonel Duff commanding: Duff's regiment of cavalry, Likens' regiment of cavalry.

Second Division, Brigadier General J. E. Slaughter commanding.

First Brigade Cavalry, Second Division, Colonel Debray commanding: Debray's regiment of cavalry, Gould's regiment of cavalry, Terrell's regiment of cavalry, McMahan's battery.

Second Brigade Cavalry, Second Division, Colonel Buchel commanding: Buchel's regiment, First Texas Cavalry: Brown's regiment of cavalry, Davidson's battalion, Moseley's light battery.

First Brigade Infantry, Second Division, Colonel Luckett commanding: Third Texas Regiment, Bates' regiment, Gibson's battery.

Second Brigade Infantry, Second Division, Brigadier-General, Waul commanding; Second Texas Regiment, Waul's Legion, Hobby's regiment, Willke's battery.

Third Brigade Infantry, Second Division, Colonel Rainey commanding; Cook's regiment, Elmore's regiment, Twentieth Texas Infantry, Griffin's battalion, Fox's battery.

II. The batteries of Captains Hughes, Creuzbaur, Nichols, and O. G.

