
be given, sending copies to Brigadier-General Bee, wherever, he may be, in the latter case.

In all cases you will do your utmost to injure the enemy, not hesitating to attack him whenever you are afforded an opportunity. Should you be forced to fall back if the enemy are on your front, you will, of course, take all the troops with you excepting Liken's regiment. Any station in the neighborhood of Victoria which you may deem better for troops to accomplish the above purposes you are at liberty avail yourself of. You will cause the troops to be as thoroughly instructed in the drill (infantry and cavalry) and in guard duties as possible, both line and State troops, assisting the latter in any way in your power.

EDMUND P. TURNER.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C., Numbers 346. McNeel's Farm, December 18, 1863.

* * * *

IX. The following brigades of State troops will form a part of the Second Division, under command of Brigadier General J. E. Slaughter:

Third Cavalry Brigade, Second Division, Colonel Gillespie commanding: First Cavalry Regiment, Colonel T. W. Jones; First Cavalry Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel D. D. Holland.

Fourth Cavalry Brigade, Second Division, Colonel N. W. Townes commanding; Second Cavalry Regiment, Colonel G. Smith: Second Battalion, Captain S. Houston commanding.

Fifth Cavalry Brigade, Second Division, Colonel T. Scott Anderson commanding; Third Cavalry Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Morin; Fourth Cavalry Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Tait.

The Fourth Regiment of Cavalry will remain at Galveston, under the command of Colonel A. T. Rainey.

Lieutenant-Colonel [M. G.] Settle's battalion of infantry and the companies of Major Carter's battalion of cavalry will remain at Bonham, attached to the command of Brigadier General H. E. McCulloch.

The formation of these brigades will not interfere with the present location and duties of the above-named troops.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &C., McNEEL'S PLANTATION,

Brazoria County, December 19, 1863.

His Excellency PENDLETON MURRAH,

Governor of Texas;

GOVERNOR: Learning that the Legislature has passed an act keeping the State troops in the field for twelve months, and providing for the calling of 25 per cent. of the militia remaining at home, I would respectfully request that in order to prevent any decrease in the forces of State troops now in the field arising from the furloughing of any number of the men at the expiration of their present (six months') term of service, you will call out immediately the 25 per cent, additional force

