
McNEEL'S HOUSE,

Brazoria County, December 19, 1863.

His Excellency PENDLETON MURRAH,

Governor of Texas:

GOVERNOR: The Legislature having passed a bill for transferring the Frontier Regiment upon the organization of certain forces for frontier defense, I earnestly trust that these troops will, at an early day, be added to the army to operate for the defense of the State against the present invasion.

The necessity for their presence in the field will, no doubt, prompt Your Excellency to organize without delay the forces for frontier defense, so as to transfer the regiment a t the earliest possible period.

The Confederate authorities will, upon receiving this regiment, also receive and pay for its transportation, equipment stores, &amp;c., and upon receiving information from Your Excellency as to the time when it will be turned over, I will designate an officer to receive the same.

The northern frontier is now comparatively quiet. Three companies of the State troops transferred have been ordered to operate under Major Carmichael in the northwest. In view, therefore, of the advance of the enemy up the Rio Grande, and the falling back of our forces before him, I would suggest the propriety of ordering five companies of the Frontier Regiment to Fort Clark so that they may at once hold in check the Mexicans and Indians on that frontier, and be at hand to strengthen our forces should the enemy advance against San Antonio.

I have the honor, &c.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,McNeel's Plantation, Brazoria County, December 20, 1863.

His Excellency PENDLETON MURRAH,

Governor of Texas:

GOVERNOR: Should the Legislature have passed a law authorizing the creation of three brigadier-generals to be transferred to the Confederate States service, I would respectfully suggest, trusting it may not be deemed indelicate, that Colonel John S. Ford be appointed as one of the three.

Colonel Ford having already taken the field, it is my desire to place at his disposal all the force I can spare for the operations of the country west of San Antonio.

His large experience as an officer, and the confidence which the people of the west have in his capacity and judgment, would make his appointment not only acceptable to me, but to the troops and people at large.

His position as brigadier-general would afford him the rank requisite to insure respect to his orders, and to inspire that confidence necessary to the success of the important campaign before him.

I would also again suggest the name of Colonel V. Sulakowski to Your Excellency. His abilities as an engineer have already been fully proved, and now that active operations are about to commence in the field, I would be g lad to give him an important command with troops,

