
bureau that all of that portion of our troops which are armed at all are badly armed, and fully one-fourth of his army are entirely without arms.

[EDMUND P. TURNER,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WESTERN LOUISIANA, Numbers 328. Alexandria, December 20, 1863.

* * * *

VI. Colonel A. W. Spaight, with his command, will take up the line of march for Beaumont or Liberty, Tex., according to his discretion, reporting, on his arrival, to Major General J. B. Magruder, commanding District of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Taylor:

A. H. MAY,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Shreveport, December 21, 1863.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Houston, Tex.,

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the following extract from a letter of Major-General Taylor, dated December 19, for your information:

The head of Green's column is ere this near Niblett's Bluff, and will doubtless be in position to resist any march of the enemy into the interior of Texas. Advises just received from New Orleans look to further operations in that quarter, as many light-draught sailing vessels are being fitted up by Banks.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient [servant,]

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,McNeel's Plantation, December 21, 1863.

Colonel BENJAMIN ALLSTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: I have received your communication of the 12th instant, and, in answer, have to state that I have ordered Major Kearny to return to you the money. I understand the sum is $600 which you placed in his hands. If you desire it to be returned, I shall forbid Major Hyllested receiving it. I have placed $5,000 to the credit of Major Hyllested, but it is retained in the hands of Major Bloomfield chief quartermaster, and I ordered $5,000 more to be turned over to Mr.

-----

, who has gone or is to go into the enemy's lines to gain information for me.

As regards your suggestion to me that I should appoint an inspector-general, I state that Major Kearny is my acting inspector-general, and that you may so consider him. He is an officer of merit,and has performed his duties to my entire satisfaction.

