
Major Kearny is actively engaged in inspecting the troops in the field with me, and in making reconnaissances near the enemy.

I hope interference on your part in the delicate matters to which you are presumed to allude will cease. My responsibilities are of the gravest character, and I must make, therefore, my own arrangements to meet them. I have thrown the doors open to you for your inspection of everything, and I have to say that your report is due to the lieutenant-general commanding the department, whose orders I will always obey in good faith and with all my heart.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,McNeel's Plantation, December 21, 1863.

Brigadier General THOS. GREEN,

Commanding Division:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that the force of the enemy on the Matagorda Peninsula is represented to be 25,000 and is pressing on all sides.

The general desires me to say that you will come on as rapidly as possible. He might be able to spare some troops from the line of the Sabine if you were on this side, but being of the opinion that they will make an effort to cut you off and prevent you reaching Texas, he cannot remove troops from the Sabine to this section, where they are so much needed.

You will please state the progress and position of your troops, and inform us when your command will reach Houston, pushing it forward as rapidly as possible.

I am, general, &c.,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,McNeel's Plantation, Brazoria County, December 21, 1863.

His Excellency PENDLETON MURRAH,

Governor of Texas:

GOVERNOR: I am in receipt of official information respecting a conspiracy in the eastern counties of the State, having for its object the release of the federal prisoners at Tyler, the destruction of the public buildings at that place, and the concentration of the prisoners with bands of deserters, with a view of marching to Northern Texas, where a portion of the Federal Army would re-enforce them from Arkansas or the Indian Territory.

After the use of energetic and discreet means, this plot has been discovered and frustrated. a number of the ringleaders are now in custody at Tyler. The sagacity of Colonel R. T. P. Allen and his prudent management of this affair have doubtless saved the eastern section the State from panic and alarm, if not from great danger.

I deem this a fitting occasion to press upon Your Excellency the importance of permitting the use of the penitentiary for the confinement of this class of criminals.

The enemy can have no stronger inducement for an advance upon

