
Reverting to your dispatch, I am to inform you, by direction of the President, that, besides executing what is ordered in the said decision, you are to take, as rules for your conduct, the following instructions:

1. If General Bee has not answered you, or if his answer has not been on all points in conformity with what you requested him to do, you will send him a manifesto, in which you will insert the note you addressed to him on the 15th of March last, and you will declare that by his failure to respond, or by his refusal to comply, as the case may be, it is clearly shown that if General Bee did not order the commission of the outrages which you mention, he fully approves and ratifies them by the irregular conduct he has pursued since your formal demand, and that the Republic, having been outrages by the invasion of its soil, and by the attacks made within its limits, will exercise it right of reprisal by seizing military officers of Texas who may come peacefully to the Mexican frontier, and will detain them as prisoners until the restoration of the individuals who have been forcibly carried away from Mexican territory.

2. With regard to expeditions which may invade our territory, you have already been instructed to treat as bandits all connected with them, without distinction of class.

3. You will authorize no invasion of the Anglo-American frontier.

4. You will arrest the execution of your orders for the interruption of commerce on the frontier, and will be good enough hereafter to consult the Government of the Federation, and await its assent before taking measures of this kind.

The Chief Magistrate does not hesitate to confide to your well-known patriotism and zeal the execution of these instructions, with the understanding that the Republic has an evident interest in their being carried out without falling short of or exaggerating their purport.

The negotiation required by the case is thus placed for action on a diplomatic basis. You will receive from the War Department the orders which are appropriate from that branch of the service.

I reiterate the assurances of my consideration.

Liberty and reform.

FUENTE.

EXHIBIT D.

MINISTRY OF FOREIGN RELATIONS,

Mexico, January 30, 1863.

The GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF TAMAULIPAS,

Tampico:

The Official Journal of Nuevo Leon and Cohahuila and other dailies have extracted from the American Banner some articles that the General Government cannot allow to pass unnoticed. They affirm that, under the protection of the Mexican authorities, expeditions of outlaws are organized and let loose on the other side of the Bravo, who assume the flag of the United States and commit the greatest crimes, both of robbery and barbarous cruelty.

The President can only explain your silence as to such acts on the belief that none such have really occurred, and that the calumnious incrimination and insolent threats based on them are but a flimsy veil for the purpose of cloaking the unbridled ambition of some wretched filibusters. However this may be, the Chief Magistrate is of opinion that the mere publication of these articles, venomous and humiliating to Mexico as they are, should have excited your patriotic zeal to an open

