
The general wishes you to move your command as rapidly as possible to Columbia, Tex., using steamers for the purpose of transporting it to Beaumont, at which point the command will take the railroad, and proceed directly to Columbia.

The men will not wait for their horses. These will be sent in charge of every fifth man, who will be directed to bring them by land at once to Columbia, at which point the command will be mounted. Should, however, an engagement take place before the arrival of the horses, the men will be used as infantry. Colonel Griffin, at Sabine Pass, and the quartermaster at Beaumont, to each of whom a copy of this letter will be sent, are directed to furnish you every facility. The rolling-stock of the railroad is not sufficiently large to transport your horses; hence they will move by land.

Please acknowledge receipt, and state your present position, and when you will be in Houston with your command.

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT,Bonham, Tex., December 23, 1863,

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston:

CAPTAIN: From the most reliable news received from the neighborhood of the Indian raid, they have returned north and northwest. As far as heard from, 15 persons have been killed and some young ladies taken captive.

I have seen a man who was in a fight with them. He says they were well armed, fought gallantly, and that several of them wore heavy whiskers and spoke good English.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Sub-District.

McNEEL'S PLANTATION,

December 24, 1863.

General E. KIRBY SMITH:

GENERAL: Major Cave, who is an exempt from service, as an editor and public printer, has rendered services almost incalculable in organizing, equipping and arming the State troops. He is a volunteer aide-de-camp, but without rank and has served since the war without pay. He has been not only successful in bringing out of chaos a well-organized body of troops, some 8,000 in all, of which about 6,000 are armed, which decides whether their term of service shall be six or twelve months or the war, these troops are so well satisfied with their organization and management as to encourage the Legislature in extending their term of service, which has been done to twelve months, furloughing one-fourth and substituting one fourth (a new call from the people).

Major Cave, whilst working night and day for nothing, and neglecting his private affairs entirely, has been the subject of many annoyances. In order to succeed, it was necessary that he should exercise in my name much power to produce the results. Everything worked well until the

