
and energetic denial of their truth, and to giving notice of the fact to the General Government. I am sorry to say that he has seen with displeasure your neglect of a duty so plain in itself and of such extreme importance.

I have now, in pursuance of the express instructions of the President, to point out the line of conduct that you are to pursue in this disagreeable business. If, as supposed, the American publication contains only falsehoods, you will repel them resolutely in a proclamation published in all the periodicals of Tamaulipas. But, whether the above-mentioned statements of the American Banner be false or true, in whole or in part, it is important that you make a solemn manifest, declaring that the President reprobates these criminal expeditions; that he has given you express orders to prevent or disperse them if an attempt is made to organize them in Tamaulipas, and that if, notwithstanding this prohibition and your vigilance, they succeed in organizing, as has happened in former times in the United States, Mexicans engaged in them will lose all right to the protection of their Government against any treatment they may receive in the country where they commit such grievous outrages.

You will conclude that if, notwithstanding these declarations, forces of the neighboring nation should come on our territory, such an aggression will be repelled by all the means at our disposal, whatever pretext may be devised for it, and that those who commit hostilities against us, contrary to the laws of war, will be considered as bandits.

I renew to you the assurances of my consideration.

Liberty and reform.

FUENTE.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Bayou Fordoche, June 15, 1863.

Colonel JOHN L. LOGAN, Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: Your dispatches to Lieutenant-General Smith, Major-General Gardner, and Brigadier-General Mouton, by Lieutenant Cooper, have just been received and opened by me.

I have a brigade of cavalry and two brigades of infantry and four batteries of light artillery now en route to the Mississippi River, and shall attack the enemy opposite Port Hudson to-night, and will establish communication with Major-General Gardner, and throw beef-cattle into the garrison. A large cavalry force of my command will cross the Atchafalaya, in the extreme southern portion of the State, nd will penetrate to the Lower Mississippi coast by the way of the La Fourche section. The command with which I shall operate against the enemy opposite Port Hudson will, after clearing out the section between Baton Rouge and Morganza, move down by Donaldsonville to the lower coast, and, with light batteries, I hope to be able to prevent the passage of supplies by the river on transports. If any means can be devised to cross the river, I would be glad to throw one or two cavalry brigades to operate on the east bank of the Mississippi. You can communicate with me or the officer who may be in command of the forces operating in this section by way of Morganza. I will communicate with General Gardner, if practicable, to-night, and will forward your dispatch to him at the same time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

