
of the militia, the discharge of 25 per cent. of the State troops, comprising those over forty-five years of age, and the reorganization of all the companies by the election of new offices at the expiration of their present (six months') term of service, the labors of the past four months will to a great extent be undone, and the same ground gone over again. Lieutenant McAdoo, having been assigned as acting assistant adjutant-general on my staff, to have charge of the adjutant-general's department of State troops, Major Cave is willing still to devote himself to their organization, with the understanding that he is not to be expected to issue orders, Lieutenant McAdoo being on the spot for that purpose. His relations with Lieutenant McAdoo are of that confidential nature as to warrant the belief that as much good will result to the service public acts on his part without a commission.

In the meantime, if commissioned by the President, he could be assigned to any position which I might desire.

While the relations of Major Cave with the Government in a business point of view would warrant the declaration that he should devote himself to the fulfillment of his contracts for the supply of printing material he believes that he can, without any ostentatious display of authority, or yet a complete neglect of his business,serve the country in this way. The measures he has already instituted for bringing in deserters, correcting abuses in reference to detailed men, &amp;c., together with the re-organization of the troops, demand the best energies and talent. He states that if his services are not needed in the field (to which consideration everything is secondary), he desires me to feel no hesitancy in requiring his services in that direction. Being already exempt from conscription, and having always been willing to abandon his business enterprises altogether if those in authority deemed his constant services necessary, this proposal on his part is honorable to himself. If I avail myself of his services, after this explanation you will, I am satisfied, sustain me in the opinion that it is just to the Government.

I am, &c.,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS BORDER REGIMENT,Gainesville, December 24, 1863-3.30 p.m.

Brigadier General HENRY E. McCULLOCH:

GENERAL: I give you as nearly as I can ascertain at this date the number of citizens killed and wounded in the last raid made by the Indians. They killed 9 citizens, 3 soldiers, and wounded 3 soldiers and 4 citizens; burned 8 or 10 houses, some grain, and caused a number of good citizens to leave their homes in the settlement through which they passed.

A number of them left in a very destitute condition, without bedding or a change of clothing. All the houses in town are crowded with the citizens from the western and northwestern and northern part of the county, and the country west is in a state of the greatest excitement, and the frontier settlements threaten the evacuation of the country. It is my wish to keep them where they ware, and provide for the building of at least temporary fortifications for their defense, and I am advising to this course.

