
he ordered me to return to the boat and remain in charge until i was relieved.

The third day afterward he sent down Mr. Larmer, Mr. Alexander, and another party (whose name I am unacquainted with), who impressed some negroes, and the cotton in the bulk-heads was removed, together with the heavy ordnance stores, &amp;c., which lightened her up 12 inches froward and 12 inches aft. I then got up steam and started through. With the assistance of 16 negroes at the capstan, with a hawser to both banks, and 6 negroes at the fire-doors, I got through in four hours. The wheels of the boat walked over the bank nearly all the way through. Had I attempted this mode without lightening, I would have lifted both wheels, shafts and all, out of her. The persons sent down by General Boggs had nothing whatever to say or do further than remove the cotton, ordnance stores, wood, &c. When steam was gotten up on the boat their orders terminated, and their reports to General Boggs have had a great tendency in inducing him to advise you, general, not to pay the crew of the gunboat Cotton their true, just, and equitable demands against the Government in full.

It is a crew that has seen service, part of whom have been in service since Captain [E. W.] Fuller first trod the roof of a gunboat. There is not a steamboatman on this river but what thinks I accomplished quite a feat in getting her through to Shreveport as well as I did. I will not go into minor details, but close this report, hoping you will throw the honor upon whom honor is due.

All of which is very respectfully submitted.

O. S. BURDETT,

Pilot, Commanding Gunboat Cotton.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Alexandria, June 16, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the consideration of department headquarters.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JUNE 15, 1863.-For Smith to Taylor, in reference to co-operation with Pemberton and Gardner, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p. 868.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 16, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a letter to you from Major-General Magruder. The views he expresses meet my approval in the main, and I respectfully recommend them to the consideration of the War Department.

In regard to the alleged mutinous conduct of Colonel Phillips' regiment, I had no information until I read the remarks of Major-General Magruder. From the report of my inspector-general, which accompanies this, I hope Major-General Magruder may have been misinformed.

