
part of the poorer class of men, foreigners, and substitutes to lay down their arms, yield up the cause, and accept the best terms the Yankee Government will grant. Their object is to close the war, as they have but little to fight for.

My investigations lead me to believe, that there is as yet no matured plan of action, for the want of a leader. I am still investigating the matter quietly and secretly, and I will, I think, in a few days be able to learn something more definitely, and to give the names of parties, if necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. G. SWANSON,

Fifty-ninth [Sixty-first] Alabama Regiment.

[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-SEVENTH ALABAMA VOLUNTEERS,Pollard, Ala., December 26, 1863.

Captain R. S. ABERCROMBIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN; I have the honor to communicate to the general commanding the following statement:

On inquiry and investigation, I find that the rumor of combination for desertion amongst disaffected soldiers of this command is untrue, yet not altogether without foundation. There is considerable manifestation of revolutionary spirit amongst the troops on account of the "tax in kind law" and the impressment system. At least, these are made the pretext for the spirit of discontent manifested, which has exhibited itself in threats upon the part of some unthinking yet otherwise good men that they would protect their families from supposed injustice and wrong on the part of the Government in the execution of these laws, even if it involved the abandonment of the contest, and yielding to the enemy.

It seems to be considered by all that such is the general state of feeling, yet few acknowledge sympathizing with it. I do not think it has culminated in combination for concert of action, nor, in fact, ripened into determined purpose upon the part of individuals.

I deemed it prudent to address the regiment on the subject a few evenings since-23rd instant-and I think a better state of feeling is manifested.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

C. J. L. CUNNINGHAM,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

ADDENDA.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.

Richmond, Va., January 9, 1864.

General DABNEY H. MAURY:

GENERAL: It has given pain and anxiety both to the President and myself to hear of a spirit of discontent and of an inclination to submission existing among any portion of your command, and your course in taking measures at once to ascertain its extent and arrest its progress, as also in promptly giving information to the Department, has been judicious, and is approved.

It was known that General Clanton's brigade was in some measure, recruited from a district and population not very loyal, and conse-

