
command. From being the oldest officer of cavalry from my State, under Bragg's persecutions I am now about the youngest. I will patiently bear these things until the war is over, when I hope to make a simple statement of facts in justice to all concerned.

From one who has suffered so much injustice from the same source, I may at least expect some sympathy.

The sickness and death of my youngest son has detained me here a few days. I will leave on Wednesday morning for Dalton.

With my best wishes for your health and happiness, I am, general, in haste, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. CLANTON.

[Inclosure.]

MILITARY COURT ROOMS, GENERAL MAURY'S ARMY CORPS,

Mobile, Ala., May 4, 1864.

General JAS. H. CLANTON:

DEAR SIR: At your suggestion, the undersigned take pleasure in stating that in the many cases tried before the military court at this place for mutiny, and for knowing of an intended mutiny and not giving information thereof, which cases originated in your brigade, and are supposed to have grown out of a secret organization or society having for its object the breaking up of our army, no development was made whatever showing or indicating, in the slightest degree, blame on your part, either for a want of proper discipline in your command, or for a failure to discharge any duty incumbent on you as commander of the brigade; and we add further that evidence in the cases showed that said secret society did not originate in your command. We also state that you displayed commendable zeal and efficiency in having guilty parties properly prosecuted, * * * and especially in ferreting out and having prosecuted and punished officers of your command who had been guilty of speculating in illegal substitute transaction. One member of the court, the presiding judge, and also the judge-advocate, well know, and cheerfully state, that you are entitled to the highest credit for the noble, patriotic, and self-sacrificing spirit displayed by you in your valuable services during this war, and more especially for your services in raising your late brigade-a difficult task, which could not have been so successfully performed by any other.

Your obedient servants,

THOS. J. JUDGE,

Presiding Judge Military Court, Maury's Corps.

SAM'L J. DOUGLAS,

Assistant Judge.

ANDREW HERRON,

Assistant Judge.

E. J. FITZPATRICK,

Judge-Advocate.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers 24. Camp Wharton, December 28, 1863.

I. The following will be the organization of the staff of the major-general commanding for the present:

Colonel S. P. Bankhead, chief of artillery; Lieutenant Colonel J. O. Long, assistant adjutant-general in the field; Lieutenant Colonel F. R. Lubbock, assistant adjutant-general in the field, and inspector of field transportation; Surg.

