
[Inclosure.]

DISTRICT LAKE SHORE, LOUISIANA,

Provost-Marshal's Office, Manderville, La., December 12, 1863.

Colonel EWELL, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the burning of four vessels, as per inclosed list. All were owned by citizens of the United States, and ample evidence was found on each of them to prove the fact of illegal trade, as also of their having been (if not at the time of burning) in the employ of the United States Government. The nature of the country (swamps), as also the want of transportation and danger of being cut off by the enemy, prevented the saving of sails and other valuable property. A few new ropes and four compasses were brought away, and are now subject to your orders.

The party that made the arrests and seizures were of Captain Greenlee's company, and under the personal command of that officer. I have all the papers, and will send full copies, of required, but would ask permission to keep the originals, as there may be some attempt to bring the matter into court, and in that case the originals alone would answer for the defense.

Very respectfully,

B. T. WALSHE,

Captain, and Provost-Marshal.

[Sub-Inclosure.]

DISTRICT OF LAKE SHORE, LOUISIANA,

Provost-Marshal's Office, Manderville, December 12, 1863.

Colonel EWELL, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The following are them names of barges and schooners burned on the 10th and 11th instant:

Schooner Josephine Truxillo, 37 tons, owned by Joseph Lewis, a citizen of the United States. Found on board a contract with United States Government, signed by Joseph Lewis, owner of schooner Josephine Truxillo. Had a permit to come for a load of wood and charcoal.

Barge Stepheny, 26 tons, owned by Hypolite Cousin (a man of color), a citizen of the United States. Papers and appearances of vessel showed her to have taken cattle to the city of New Orleans. Had a permit to come for a load of cattle and wood.

Barge Helena, 33 tons, owned by George Bernes, a citizen of the United States. Papers showed that the vessel had (under present owner) been in the employ of the United States Government. Had permit to come for a load of spars and wood.

Schooner Sarah Bladen, 43 tons, owned by Juan Sanchez, a citizen of the United Sates. Had a permit to take a load of bricks to Ship Island, and return with a load of wood to New Orleans. Papers showed that bricks were for United States Government.

The vessels were burned at the following points and at the hour set opposite to their respective names:

On Bayou Lacomb, schooner Truxillo, 4 p. m. December 10, 1863; barge Stepheny, 5 p. m. December 10, 1863.

On Bayou Bonfouca, schooner Bladen, 4 a. m. December 11, 1863; barge Helena, 1 a. m. December 11, 1863.

B. T. WALSHE,

Captain, and Provost-Marshal.

