
Third Brigade.

Brigadier General EDWARD HIGGINS.

21st Alabama, Colonel C. Anderson.

1st Confederate (Georgia), Colonel G. A. Smith.

7th Alabama Cavalry (detachment).

1st Alabama Artillery Battalion, Major J. T. Gee.

Louisiana Battery, Captain E. Durrive, jr.

1st Tennessee Heavy Artillery, Colonel A. Jackson, jr.

Bay batteries, Lieutenant Colonel E. L. Winder.

Cavalry Brigade.

Colonel W. H. JENIFER.

7th [6th] Alabama Cavalry, Colonel C. H. Colvin.

15th Confederate Cavalry, Colonel H. Maury.

Tennessee Battery, Captain T. F. Tobin.

Unattached.

Engineer company, Captain L. Hutchinson.

Sappers and miners (one company), Captain J. V. Gallimard.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ. Numbers 243. Camp Wharton, December 31, 1863.

The following is the organization of the State troops:

First Division, Brigadier-General Bee commanding.-Third Brigade:

First Regiment of Cavalry; First Battalion of Cavalry.

Fourth Brigade, Colonel N. W. Townes commanding: Second Regiment of Cavalry, Second Battalion of Cavalry.

Fifth Brigade, Colonel J. S. Anderson commanding: Third Battalion of Cavalry, Fourth Battalion of Cavalry.

The Fourth Regiment of Cavalry will be attached to the brigade commanded by Colonel A. T. Rainey.

The Third Regiment of Cavalry and Fifth Regiment of Infantry will be attached to the brigade commanded by Colonel Duff.

The First, Second, Third, and Fourth Regiments of Infantry will be under the command of Colonel Ashbel Smith.

The First Battalion of Infantry will continue attached to the troops from Northern Texas, and will make its reports to the brigadier-general commanding these troops.

This organization will not affect any State troops in the field not transferred to the Confederate States service.

The latter troops will be under the command of their own brigadier-generals, but will report to the commanders of division in whose limits they are acting.

Colonel S. P. Bankhead, chief of artillery, will assign light batteries to the brigades of State troops.

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

