
orders from this place. His views in reference to medical boards and Treasury officers seem to me just. Large powers are necessary in regard to courts-martial and boards of examination.

The letter of General Magruder requires your careful attention. Let the records of the office be examined for the authority he claims to have been given to Mr. Baylor. Other points will strike you as worthy of notice.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, June 8, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I avail myself of the return to Richmond of Colonel Ives, aide-de-camp to His Excellency President Davis, to present for the information of the War Department a brief statement of military affairs and interests connected with them in the District of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, which I have the honor to command, and, for the sake of easy reference, I place them under the following heads:

1. Troops and their organization.-On my arrival in Texas, I found the number of troops [excepting] Sibley's brigade, and including Governor Baylor's Arizona Brigade, to be 10,569 aggregate.

The Arizona Brigade was authorized by General Randolph to be raised by Gov. J. R. Baylor, who about the same time was appointed Governor of Arizona. Governor Baylor was authorized, I think, to raise six battalions, and to nominate the officers, subject to the approval of the President; at least he so supposed and so acted.*

Before the completion of the organization, but after the provisional nomination of the officers by Governor Baylor, he was removed from the command or control of the brigade by myself, in pursuance of orders to that effect from the Secretary of War, who also directed me to proceeded with the preparations for the recovery of Arizona.

There was but one course to pursue, which was to complete the organization already begun, to recognize Governor Baylor's provisional appointments, and to fill vacancies, and then to send on the muster-rolls for the adoption of the War Department.

This I did, but consolidated the small and incomplete six battalions into three good regiments and a small surplus battalion. Subsequently, a favorable opportunity to invade Arizona having been presented to me, I authorized, at the written request of Governor Baylor, Colonel S. M. Baird to raise a regiment, if he could, of New Mexicans, Arizonians, Californians, and others not subject to conscription, to proceed and make a lodgment in that country.

Colonel Barid is an officer and gentleman of much merit, but as yet has not raised his regiment.

All this was subject to the approval of the War Department, and, under the instructions, above alluded to, to go on with the preparations for the recovery of Arizona. At the head of one of these organized regiments, I placed a cavalry officer of great merit and the most heroic character, Captain Joseph Phillips, of the Confederate Army, who had served with me on the Peninsula, and with General Hood, commanding Texas Brigade, through several battles in Virginia, and was spoken of in the dispatches in the highest terms by us both.

---------------

*See Randolph to Baylor, May 29, 1862, Series IV.

---------------

