
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 38. Shreveport, La., August 26, 1863.

In accordance with the proclamation of the President, a general pardon and amnesty is hereby granted to all officers and soldiers now absent without leave in the Department of Trans-Mississippi who will return to duty by the 30th day of September proximo.

Officers and enlisted men absent from their commands east of the Mississippi River will, under this amnesty, report as follows, viz: Those from Arkansas, at the camp of instruction at Washington and district headquarters; from Texas, at Bonham and Houston; from Louisiana, at Shreveport and district headquarters, and will be permitted to join any regiment of their own corps they may elect.

This amnesty and pardon shall also extend to all who have been convicted and are undergoing sentence for absence without leave or desertion, excepting only those who have been twice convicted thereof.

By command of Lieutenant General Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 45. Shreveport, La., September 16, 1863.

The lieutenant-general commanding regrets to learn that citizens within the department, demoralized by speculation and the love of gain, persistently refuse to receive Confederate money in the sales of supplies and in the payment of debts.

Such a course depreciates our currency, and is by authorities at Richmond declared treasonable in its tendency. Any person persisting in this course can be declare an alien enemy, his property sequestered, and himself sent without our lines. Before proceeding to this extremity, the district commander, in each clearly established case, will direct the purchasing agents to impress the property of persons so offending whenever supplies are to be obtained in their vicinity.

The prices allowed will be those determined upon by the State commissioners, and published in orders.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 53.Shreveport, La., November 12, 1863.

In accordance with instructions from the Secretary of War, an auxiliary branch of the Army Intelligence Office, subsidiary to that in the city of Richmond, is hereby established for the Department of Trans-Mississippi, at Shreveport, La., under the superintendence of Mr. R. S. Thomas, its object being to inform the friends and relatives of sick and wounded soldiers of their whereabouts and condition; to facilitate communication with the army, and to secure a correct list of the deaths which have occurred, or may hereafter occur, among our troops, whether within our lines or those of the enemy.

To the accomplishment of these ends, all surgeons will furnish to the Intelligence Office, through the proper channels, and with the least possible delay, a list of the sick and wounded now in hospital, and a list of the deaths among who may have been under their charge-

