
giving the name, rank, company, and regiment-whether the death was caused by sickness or wounds. In the case of a death in hospital, the date of the admission of the deceased should be given. Hereafter, weekly reports, embracing the above specified particulars, must be forwarded promptly to the Intelligence Office, through the proper channels.

Immediately after an engagement, commanding officers are required to forward direct to the Intelligence Office, without waiting until their official reports can be made, a list of the casualties in their commands, giving in addition to the name, the rank, company, and regiment, and the nature of the wound.

Upon application by Mr. Thomas, accompanied by surgeon's certificate of disability for field service, the requisite number of men will be detailed for clerks in the Army Intelligence Office.

The quartermaster's and subsistence departments will furnish to Mr. Thomas, upon his requisition, such supplies as may be found necessary.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 57.Shreveport, La., November 18, 1863.

I. The great abuse of authority by officers in impressing wagons, teams, &amp;c., belonging to persons changing their homes, and the annoyance arising therefrom, demands the most stringent orders on the subject, and their rigid enforcement. Hereafter refugees, with their property, must not be interfered with or molested in any manner whatever until they have acquired a home. Any violation of this order by an officer or agent of the Government will subject the offender to arraignment before and trial by a general court-martial.

II. Captain P. H. Thompson, assistant adjutant-general, is hereby assigned to duty at department headquarters.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

To the people of Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas:

Your homes are now in peril. Vigorous efforts on your part can alone save portions of your States from invasion. You should contest the advance of the enemy at every thicket, gully, and stream; harass his rear and cut off his supplies. Thus will you prove important auxiliaries in my attempts to reach him in front and drive him routed from our soil. Determination and energy only can prevent his destruction of your homes. By a vigorous and united effort you preserve your property, you secure independence for yourselves and children-all that renders life desirable. Time is now our best friend. Endure awhile longer; victory and peace must crown our efforts.

The annexed regulations* governing the formation of corps for local defense are published for your information, and I call upon you to organize promptly under its provisions.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Omitted; unimportant.

---------------

