HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, Las Animas, May 15, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,Commanding Western Sub-District:

SIR: The major-general commanding deeming it of great importance, on account of the concentration of a large proportion of the forces of the Eastern Sub-District of Texas at Niblett's Bluff, under the orders of Lieutenant-General Smith, and the consequent exposure of a part of this district, that your troops, which are destined for the eastern frontier, should reach their destination as soon as possible, accordingly directs that you set in motion these forces at once, and proceed as rapidly as possible. You are requested to keep the major-general advised of your progress from time to time.

Under orders already given, you are free to select whatever regiment you may deem proper to remain on the Rio Grande frontier.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, Las Animas, May 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General SCURRY:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that, in anticipation of the movements ordered by you, he had directed these regiments, which are now en route, for Niblett's Bluff, under your orders, where they were to await further orders. In view of the fact that, in his opinion, at this season few troops are needed on the Rio Grande, and few will be needed for the next six months, he has ordered all the troops from the Rio Grande frontier, with the exception of one regiment and a small quantity of artillery. The number of troops ordered to your district for this quarter will be about 2,000. They are ordered to march without the slightest delay, inasmuch as Galveston may be exposed by the concentration of such numbers of your troops at Niblett's Bluff.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, May 16, 1863.

Colonel J. W. SPEIGHT,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: You are hereby directed to move with two regiments and the battery of your brigade to Grand Ecore, La. Upon your arrival at Grand Ecore, you will report to Major-General Taylor for instructions.

Your transportation will be limited to one wagon for every 50 men, which will carry cooking utensils and ammunition only; the remainder of your wagons will be turned over the quartermaster of this place.

You will carry only two tents to each regiment, which tents will be exclusively for the use of the sick.

The men will be allowed only such baggage as they can carry upon their persons. All other baggage will be stored at this place, and you

