
of it, but, being a good engineer, was detailed in the latter service. He deserves and ought to have the pay, rank, and emoluments of major.

I have been thus particular in regard to the artillery because it has been stated to me that some surprise was manifested at the War Department that I recommended so many artillery officers and had so few guns. A mistake both ways. I have many guns, am making more, and have very few artillery officers.

It is a great misfortune to a commander to have guns and not officers to take care of them. I cannot but feel aggrieved that my recommendations and suggestions have been so completely set aside at headquarters at Richmond, nd cannot think thana this is done with the knowledge of His Excellency the President, who, in the kindest manner, thanked me in a letter for my services in Texas, and voluntarily stated that my suggestions should be attended to, s they deserved to be. Nor can I attribute it to any personal motive on the part of the Secretary of War, but I am under the impression that few, if any, of my frequent and urgent representations reach either the President or the Secretary; perhaps from the pressure of business of more importance. Be that as it may, I respectfully ask that this communication be laid before the Secretary of War, and, if possible, the substance at least before the President, with the request that some action be taken as to the matters herein presented.

I here report my recommendation that Brigadier-General Scurry be made one of the major-generals asked for by me. His name is at the head of the list herewith forwarded. I particularly ask the appointment of Captain Henry Pendleton, late assistant quartermaster, to be major in the quartermaster's department, and ordered too report to me, to fill the vacancy created by the promotion of Major [J. F.] Minter to the staff of Lieutenant-General Smith. The case of Captain Henry Pendleton is one of peculiar hardship. He was the only well-educated and well-qualified quartermaster I had in the Peninsula; he taught all the rest; he rendered distinguished services there, and when I was put off duty in Richmond in October last, Colonel Myers, Quartermaster-General, dropped him from the rolls of the army without reason, and without informing me, though I was present in Richmond.

I brought him to Texas with me, and he had commenced to put everything here in order when he received intelligence from Richmond that he had been dropped as a supernumerary.

I sent him to Richmond for funds, and urged that justice should be done the best quartermaster in Texas, but, up to this period, without effect.

A vacancy now having occurred by the promotion of Major Minter to another department, I beg that Captain Henry Pendleton be appointed quartermaster, with the rank of major, and ordered to report to me, and I beg that this case be particularly laid before the President and the honorable Secretary of War.

2. Fortifications.-The Sabine, Galveston, the Brazos River, Cavallo and Aransas Passes, must be defended by strong works and heavy guns. We have taken the latter from the enemy and are making the latter [sic], but it is not to be supposed that these work can be made without competent engineers. Indeed, from the lowness of the land, it requires more genius to make good works, capable of successful resistance, than in locations more favorable.

These works must be extensive to resist the formidable attacks that will be made upon them. They are of the last importance, as we have an extensive inland navigation nearly to the Rio Grande, which makes

