HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 18, 1863.

Brigadier General J. B. MAGRUDER, Commanding District of Texas:

GENERAL: Yours of the 6th, inclosing order* assuming command of the post at Niblett's Bluff, has been received, and I am directed by Lieutenant-General Smith to say your action is approved, and it being in the District of Texas, it will, of course, be under your command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Mobile, Ala., June 22, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Adjt. and Insp. General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Since I have been in command here+ there have been no occurrences of importance to report to the War Department. I cannot perceive in any direction hereabouts indications of an early attack upon Mobile. I learn to-day that re-enforcements have gone into the Mississippi. At Pensacola there are very few troops occupying the works, and they are organizing a battalion of negroes there. They have a few negro troops at Ship Island. There are very few troops in New Orleans. No estimate places the force there above 2,000.

The blockading squadron have been more active recently, and no steamer has come in during this "dark moon," nor has the Alabama yet been able to venture out. The cotton for her cargo had been purchased in great part before I arrived here, and at prices above that fixed by the Government; the price of cotton continuing to rise, the balance of her cargo was made up at 27 or 28 cents. When the instructions relative to limiting the price to 22 cents were received by me, the cargo had been bought by the Government agent (Mr. Scott), and the ship was ready to sail; to detain her would have involved very serous loss and consequences to the Government. I therefore agreed to let her go, the owners depositing $10,000 with the quartermaster, the difference between the Government share at 22 cents and the price paid, which difference will be paid to Government, provided, after a full explanation of the facts, it is found proper to receive it. Were the two new iron-clads, the Nashville and the Tennessee, now ready for service, we could not only break up the blockade, but we could probably capture and hold New Orleans.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

HARRISONBURG, LA., June 22, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding District of Western Louisiana, Alexandria:

GENERAL: I have just returned from my mission to General Johnston. I shall proceed to General Walker's headquarters to communicate to him the information received from General Johnston.

---------------

*See Special Orders, Numbers 149, June 3, p. 31.

+Maury assumed command of the Department of the Gulf on or about May 21. He was ordered from Knoxville, Teen., to this command April 27 (see Series I, Vol. XV, p. 1056), but on May 11 received of absence for ten days.

---------------

