
[Sub-Inclosure.]

MATAMORAS, MEX.,

May 30, 1863.

Major [SIMEON] HART,

San Antonio:

DEAR SIR: The Sea Queen arrived off the mouth of the Rio Grande, 20th instant, with a very important selection of goods, under messrs. Bellot &amp; Co.'s contract.

Arrangements have been made through Messrs. Melmo for the landing of the cargo, and I have every reason to believe the whole will be stored in Messrs. Melmo's warehouse within the next fourteen days, and the vessel ready to receive cotton.

The gentlemen in charge of the goods are anxious to hear from you as to the quantity of cotton you will be able to send forward within the next six weeks, as the detention of the ship will involve serious out from England in twenty-six days. She will carry about 1,800 to 2,000 bales.

I am, dear sir, yours, faithfully,

JAMES J. BENNETT.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 23, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &c., Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 16th instant.

It is very important to the interests of the Government, and especially to the interests of this department, that the cargo of the Sea Queen be secured, if it consists of munitions of war. You will, therefore, impress a sufficient quantity of cotton to secure her cargo, if you ascertain it consist of munitions of war, and have it transported to the Rio Grande as soon as practicable.

In all cases where the exigencies of the service make it necessary in, your district to resort to impressment, you will make impressments in accordance with the act, without first referring the matter to these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Goliad, June 23, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &c., Houston, Tex.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication dated Houston, June 15, 1863.

I have forwarded a copy of said dispatch to Major Charles Russell, quartermaster at Fort Brown, with instructions to make a special report upon the manner in which my command has been fitted out, which I will promptly transmit to the general commanding as soon as received.

In advance of the receipt of that report, allow me to say that the

