
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., May 14, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. SCURRY,Commanding Eastern Sub-District of Texas, Houston:

GENERAL: At the last information received from General Taylor, he was prepared to evacuate Natchitoches. General Banks, with a column estimated at 28,000, was pressing up the valley of the Red River. General Taylor has but a handful of men under his command. The re-enforcements expected from Arkansas cannot arrive in time to effect a junction with General Taylor at Shreveport, and, in all probability, the valley of the Red River up the Jefferson will fall into the hands of the enemy.

The enemy are acting in a most ruthless manner; their avowed determination is to prevent the raising of crops in the valley of the Red River. They do not expect to retain possession of the country, and should be made to suffer for their temerity in venturing so far from their base. Should they reach this section, Western Texas will be endangered. All the infantry force ordered to Niblett's Bluff, with all the disposable force throughout the district of Texas, should be concentrated at Nacogdoches, or at some point in that vicinity, where supplies can be collected for their subsistence and where they threaten Banks' communication. The people of Western Texas should be organized into minute companies; the danger is great and near at hand, and no effort should be spared in your district to meet the emergency. If Major-General Magruder has returned, it will be well for him to use his influence and popularity in stirring up the people throughout the State, and he had better take command of the force, if he can organize one, which concentrates at Nacogdoches.

By command of Lieutenant-General Smith:

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shrewport, La., May 18, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. SCOURRY,Commanding Eastern Sub-District of Texas, Houston:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 11th instant has been received. Lieutenant-General Smith directs that you make such disposition of [N. C.] Gould's regiment as you think best. It is very important that you should organize a force near the Upper Red River, to resist any rapid the enemy may undertake through the Indian Territory. The Indian Territory is at present entirely destitute of troops. So soon as a regiment of cavalry can be spared from General Taylor's command, it will be sent there. The people should be called upon to organize themselves into companies of minute-men, arm, and hold themselves in readiness to be called into service for a limited period.

Lieutenant [Arthur D.] Wharton, of the C. S. Navy, was sent to take charge of the guns of the Harriet Lane, and transport them to the Red River. Your plans of sending them by road and water to Logansport meets the approval of the lieutenant-general commanding. Some one should be sent ahead to make the necessary arrangements for the transportation from Logansport.

