
[Indorsement.]

Why are both the gunboats, Bayou City and Diana, at Harrisburg? What number of men, what ammunition, and what small-arms are on board, or attached to each of the gunboats? There are no long-range or heavier guns to be spared for these boats, except the Nicholl guns, which may be used for this purpose on the gunboats in Galveston Bay. Major Mason will cause this to be done without delay; suitable detachments detailed. I will see that they are well drilled at these Nicholl guns, and will report upon the same as soon as they are so drilled, reporting, in the meantime, his progress in carrying out this order.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Abstract from morning report of the cavalry and mounted infantry, Colonel John L. Logan, C. S. Army, commanding, for June 25, 1863; headquarters, near Clinton, La.

Command.	 Officer	 Men.	 Effective	 Aggregate	 Aggrega

 s.	 	 total	 present.	 te

 	 	 present	 	 present

 	 	 	 	 and

 	 	 	 	 absent.

11th and 17th
Arkansas

Regiments

(consolida-

ted.)

9th Tennessee
Battalion of

Cavalry.

Cochran's
battalion of

cavalry.

Garland's 116	 1,178	 1,296	 1,571	 2,470

battalion of

cavalry.

Hughes'
battalion of

cavalry.

Stockdale's
battalion of

cavalry.

Roberts'
section of

artillery.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, Tex., June 25, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that the lieutenant-general commanding will order the guns of the Harriet Lane to be returned to Galveston, in consideration of the following reasons:

I am reliably informed that the Red River is now so low that it will be impossible for the iron-clad ram Missouri (now at Shreveport, and for which these guns are intended) to proceed below for some time, probably six months.

Besides, there is a probably of Galveston being attacked, and these guns, which can be of no service on the iron-clad now, would materially assist in the defense of that city, where there is a great want of heavy guns. Lieutenant Wharton, C. S. Navy, is now en route for Shreveport with these guns, and I respectfully request that he be ordered to return them to Galveston. If I am given two months' notice that the guns are wanted for the iron-clad, I can have them removed from Galveston and transported to Shreveport.

Inclosed I send two communications on the subject,* which you will please lay before the lieutenant-general. From the letter of Mr. Henry

---------------

*Not identified.

---------------

