
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ.,

Numbers 100. Houston, Tex., June 25, 1863.

I. The following will be the field organization of the troops of this district.

FIRST DIVISION.

Brigadier General H. P. Bee commanding; headquarters, Brownsville, Tex.

First Brigade.

Woods' regiment, Thirty-second Texas Cavalry.

Buchel's regiment, First Texas Mounted Rifles.

Duff's regiment, Thirty-third Texas Cavalry.

Hobby's regiment, Eighth Texas Infantry.

Willke's battalion light artillery (four companies).

Second Brigade.

Colonel and Acting Brigadier General S. P. Bankhead; headquarters, Bonham, Tex.

Hardeman's regiment, Texas cavalry.

Gurley's regiment, Texas cavalry.

Terrell's regiment, Texas cavalry.

Krumbhaar's battery mountain howitzers.

Six companies Texas State troops (infantry).

SECOND DIVISION.

Brigadier General W. R. Scurry, commanding; headquarters, Houston, Tex.

First Brigade.

Colonel and Acting Brigadier General P. N. Luckett; headquarters, on the line of the railroads, or at the terminus of any of the same.

Luckett's regiment, Third Texas Infantry.

Gould's regiment, Twenty-third Texas cavalry.

Brown's battalion, Texas cavalry.

Griffin's Texas infantry.

Fontaine's battalion light artillery.

Second Brigade.

Colonel and Acting Brigadier General X. B. Debray; headquarters, Galveston, Tex.

Debray's regiment, Texas cavalry.

Cook's regiment, heavy artillery.

Elmore's regiment, Twentieth Texas Infantry.

Abat's battery, light artillery.

Moseley's battery, light artillery.

Howe's company, heavy artillery (sappers and miners).

II. The commanding officers of all corps now in this district not mentioned above will immediately report their stations, strength, &amp;c., to these headquarters, for assignment to the proper brigade.

III. The cavalry of this district will be thoroughly drilled as infantry. To secure efficiency, they will be required to drill twice as infantry for every time they drill as cavalry; and, to secure uniformity in drill, the

