
commanding officers are directed to use Hardee's Infantry Tactics for infantry. The troops are required to drill at least twice a day.

IV. Organization of troops will be made only by the major-general commanding the district. Brigadier-generals who have troops in their commands requiring organization, will submit the plans to these headquarters for approval.

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, Tex., June 26, 1863.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 22nd instant, by courier yesterday afternoon, and, in compliance with your instructions, I have directed Colonel [P.] Hardeman, commanding First Regiment, Arizona Brigade (now en route for Bonham, Tex.), and Lieutenant-Colonel [A. H.] Davidson, commanding First Battalion, Arizona Brigade, to forward immediately to these headquarters muster-rolls of their respective commands, in order that I may transmit them at once to your headquarters.

This is the only portion of the Arizona Brigade now within the limits of my command, with the exception of two companies of the Fourth Regiment, Colonel [S. M.] Baird commanding, which regiment was have been raised in New Mexico and Arizona, but is till incomplete.

Your communications relative to the shipments of cotton tot he Rio Grande to pay for supplies brought by the French vessels, and containing letters from mr. Slidell and the Secretary of War on the subject, were also received and referred to Major S. Hart; but nothing can be done, general, unless you give orders for the impressment of cotton.

I am, &c.,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 26, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, Houston:

GENERAL: I ma instructed by Lieutenant-General Smith to say it is very important to increase the military strength of this department. There are many soldiers detailed as teamsters whose places could be well supplied by negroes. It is known the delicate tenure by which the owner would hold this species of property on or near the Rio Grande; consequently, I would not propose to take them beyond the San Antonio, or perhaps the Guadalupe, to such places suitable for depots. It is known, also, the character of property proposed to be hired is the last the owners are disposed to part with, and that slavery is a most delicate question to meddle with in a State where there are so many non-slaveholders, and where the production is so varied that free labor is very profitable. It is, therefore, recommended that an appeal be made to the patriotism of the people to hire negro men for teamsters, and that

