
Mr. Bisbee informs me that he deposited in August last, with mr. Memminger, Secretary of Treasury, $100,000 in Confederate money and $100,000 in other securities as a pledge for the fulfillment of the contract, and also states that the Government wa to have designated an agent in Europe to receive the goods, but failed to do so, and, in consequence, some delay occurred in the carrying out of the contract. The whole amount the parties engaged have contracted to deliver at different ports on the Confederate coast is $6,000,000, and they have proved their ability to carry out the contract by sending four steamers immediately after the peterhoff was seized.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, Tex., June 25, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi Dept., Shreveport, La.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith, for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, copies of two communications just received from Major Charles Russell, quartermaster, Fort Brown, Tex., and will here reiterate what I have already said, that I have furnished Major Hart every facility in my power to enable him to meet his engagements by the delivery of cotton on the Rio Grande. Steamboats have been placed at his disposal, conscripts with their teams have been turned over to him, and yet comparatively nothing has been accomplished.

It does appear to me that he has shown a great want of energy, a great want of foresight, and a great want of ability in the management of his department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding District.

[P. S.]-I regret this the more, as I recommended Major Hart to the Government for this employment, and am, besides, on the best terms with him. I have overrated his abilities.

I think he will do better, perhaps, for the future, but I fear we cannot remedy the past entirely. An order send promptly by Lieutenant-General Smith to impress cotton, as requested, may yet save our credit.

[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 1.]

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

Fort Brown, Tex., June 10, 1863.

Major E. B. PENDLETON,

Acting Quartermaster, Houston:

SIR: Your communication of the 30th ultimo reached me last evening at 8 o'clock.

I regret to inform you that the arms of which you spoke are not at the mouth of the river, but I learn that they are expected, and, upon their arrival, I will make the purchase, in accordance with instructions, if possible, and forward to Houston immediately. The Brooklyn has been cruising around our coast for some time, and her presence may cause some delay in the delivery of the arms, but I will expedite the matter in every possible way.

In regard to Government cotton, only 75 bales have yet arrived, and I fear we will all be much disappointed. If we fail to meet our engagements

