
meet me at Rusk on the 20th of July; and, if so, I will meet you promptly.

Accept, my dear general, my kindest wishes for your health and success, and believe me, very faithfully, your friend and servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 29, 1863.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT, Commanding, &amp;c., Monroe, La.:

GENERAL: I send to-day, by stage, in charge of an ordnance officer, 300,000 percussion caps consigned to you.

The garrison at Vicksburg are in a critical condition, and need these caps. As soon as you receive this communication (should you not have received the telegram sent you on the same subject), you will inform General Walker immediately of the reception of the caps, and that they will be delivered at the point he may designate, to be sent by him by persons floating down the river, to land on the opposite side, or in any other way that the may select to accomplish the purpose of delivering the caps into Vicksburg.

Respectfully, &c.,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,East of Minden, En route to Monroe, June 30, 1863.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant General E. K. Smith to say to you to countermand any orders for the removal of General Walker's division. Lieutenant-General Smith will be in Monroe on day after to-morrow.

By order of Lieutenant General E. K. Smith:

GUY M. BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 30, 1863.

Major-General MAGRUDER, Commanding District of Texas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 25th instant, with inclosures.*

I am directed by Lieutenant-General Smith to say the statements of Mr. Fleury concerning the guns convey a false impression. The gunboat Missouri has no guns whatever. At the present time there are but two heavy guns, those captured on the Indianola, in the District of Louisiana and Arkansas.

The guns of the Harriet Lane are not designed exclusively for the Missouri, nor will they be used on her until such time as it may appear advantageous. These guns are intended for land batteries for the defense of the Red River Valley, and can only be put in position during low water. They will be put in position as soon as they arrive.

The supplies necessary for the armies east of the Mississippi River, as well as of the armies in Arkansas and Louisiana, depend entirely on the control of the Red River. Under these circumstances, it is considered

---------------

*The inclosures not found.

---------------

7 R R-VOL XXVI, PT II

