
captured, of whom 8 were wounded; 68 small-arms, mostly Enfield rifles, were abandoned by them and recovered by this command. Our loss was 8 killed, 22 wounded, and 2 missing.

Appended is a detailed list of casualties.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Colonel First South Carolina Vols., Commanding Advanced Forces.

Captain MALLORY P. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JAMES ISLAND,June 22, 1862.

Colonel HAGOOD,

Commanding Advanced Line, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: In the absence of General Evans, first in command on the 16th instant, allow me to thank you for your distinguished services on that day, ant through you to thank Colonel Stevens and the other gallant officer and men under your command for their noble and gallant service at that time. Please make known my views to your command.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

WM. DUNCAN SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 30. Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. McEnery, Fourth Louisiana Battalion.

SECESSIONVILLE, JAMES ISLAND, S. C.,

June 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the battle of the 16th instant near Secessionville by my battalion:

A little after dawn on the morning of the 16th instant Colonel Hagood, commanding First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, came in person to my quarters, about 2 1/2 miles distant from this place, and ordered me to have my battalion under arms and march immediately to the Secessionville battery, at which place an engagement with the enemy being had. With promptness the battalion was formed, and the march, at double-quick, was begun in the direction of Secessionville. When arrived at the first cross-roads some little delay ensued arising from my ignorance of the road leading to Secessionville. After the lapels of a few moments I was assured as to the right road, and instantly the battalion was moved off at double-quick for the scene of action.

Arriving at Secessionville, I was informed that the enemy enforce were advancing on the right of the battery on the opposite side of the marsh, directly up the marsh to the bridge. I hastened my command at a run through an open ground to the woods on the marsh. In cross-

---------------

*Embodied in Report Numbers 24, p. 90. Nominal list omitted.

---------------

