
ing these companies in the wood south of Hill's house, Colonel Hagood joined us with his own and Simonton's regiments. The enemy by this time was near the work of Secessionville, and a force had crossed to our side of the creek by the River causeway, and had taken position beyond Hill's negro houses and immediately opposite the Secessionville work, and a little to the rear of its right flank. From this position we could see what a telling fire he was pouring into the battery. Meanwhile the enfilade battery in front of Clark's house was silent, and had not fired a shot. Its position enabled it to rake the front of the Secessionville work, and to fire right into the rear of the force at and beyond the negro houses. Colonel Hagood ordered me to gallop back to the battery and order fire at once. This I did with all possible speed, and found Lieutenant J. B. Kitching's 15 or 18 men there, belonging to Lamar's regiment. To my demand why he was not firing on the enemy, the lieutenant said that he and his men had but just come from the country, had no orders to fire, knew nothing of the service of the guns or ammunition, but would gladly fire the guns if I would direct them how to proceed. I at once loaded, sighted, and fired the right piece, the lieutenant and his men springing to the work in gallant style. The shell we fired effect on the enemy, delighting us all.

In my haste I did not notice that the guns were on separate and very narrow platforms, elevated about 2 feet. As I had trailed this gun to the right, to get a better direction, the carriage stood crossway the platform, and the piece for the rest of the engagement. We loaded the other gun at once, and I provided against a similar accident for it, and we not ahead. Kitching and his men worked gallantly, and with remarkable aptitude, so much so that I thought to General Evans the above facts, and he ordered me peremptorily to return to the battery and direct its fire until relieved. This I accordingly did. We fired as in the bushes to the east, and when they retreated we directed our fire on the force in front of Secessionville.

During the final attempt of the enemy to carry the work, the effect of our 24 pounder on his left flank was very perceptible at every discharge. I am satisfied that the fire of this battery contributed no little to our success, and am gratified to inform you that the general commanding rode to the battery during the close of the engagement and warmly thanked us for our work.

I have since had the honor to receive the thanks of the general, in writing, a copy of which I herewith inclose.

The enemy fired on us from a light battery, but did us no harm.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

ELLISON CAPERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-fourth South Carolina Volunteers.

Colonel C. H. STEVENS,

Twenty-fourth South Carolina.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, James Island, June 22, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel CAPERS,

Twenty-fourth South Carolina, James Island:

COLONEL: In the absence of General Evans, first in command on the 16th instant, allow me to thank you and small detachment of South

