
ment for regiment, have the practical effect of doubling the white forces at the command of Government for the more active operations in the field, by releasing an equal number of white men and regiments from the weary and often pestilential, though indispensable, duty of manning the works along the Southern sea-coast.

Suddenly released from the cruel restraints of chattel slavery, and still pursued into freedom by the curse of that ignorance which slavery fostered as its surest weapon and most effective shield, the major-general commanding believes that the discipline of military life will be the very safest and quickest school in which these enfranchised bondsmen can be elevated to the level of our higher intelligence and cultivation, and that their enrollment in regular military organizations, and the giving them in this manner a legitimate vent to their natural desire to prove themselves worthy of freedom, cannot fail to have the further good effect of rendering less likely mere servile insurrection, unrestrained by the comities and usages of civilized warfare.

To all officers in the department who have thoroughly at heart the desire of suppressing as rapidly as possible the cruel evils of civil war, the organization of this promotions will be carefully considered at these headquarters; and in making such recommendations, regimental and company officers will take into serious account the moral character of the person recommended, assuring themselves that he is one who can bear his sudden promotion without giddiness, and that his conduct will be such as to furnish a steady, earnest, and reliable example to be placed before men whose characters, in the novelty of freedom, have yet to be formed.

By command of Major General D. Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Asst. Adjt. General Tenth Army Corps, and Dept. of the South.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., May 24, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The continued occupation and activity of the enemy on Folly Island may reasonably lead us to expect an attack from that direction sooner or later, unless we are thoroughly prepared to receive it. What their force is we have no means of ascertaining, and from the great reduction in our numbers it is impossible ot employ scouting parties in such strength as to furnish an approximation. Steamers are seen to communicate with them from time to time; but whether they bring or carry away troops, or whether they are merely supply vessels, are matters of doubt.

From personal observation, I have the honor to state that preparations which are going on under the engineer department, for communication with, and the defense of, Morris Island, are dilatory, and will not be finished, according to present appearances, for a long period. The bridge over the first creek south of Fort Johnson is commenced; the ferry arrangements over Light-House Creek and the causeways over the Soft Marsh are only started. The progress on the battery at Vincent's Creek, which was ordered some six weeks since, consisted a few

