
days ago in the hulk being in position, and the collection of a few mounds of mud, sand, and shells, about one-fourth enough to fill the hulk, and which would hardly be efficient material for an epaulement.

The northern route of connection will, in my opinion, be of little use and especially inconvenient when finished, as at present commenced. On the southern route, from Millichamps' house, on James Island, a bridge has been commenced, and the uprights of a foot-way placed along the northern shore of Light-House Creek, partially floored over. Material has been collected at different points, but as this route is, I under-stand, to go to Black Island, and these to Morris Island, there will be twice as much to do as has been accomplished in the progress were finished, which they are not and probably will not be for three weeks to come. When done, the route will be a temporary affair, and only useful in extreme cases.

The work on Fort Sumter, as usual, is going on slowly. NO work is progressing at Battery Bee, nor on Morris Island, except a little being done by the troops.

At the southern extremity of Morris Island there are now seven guns, of which four command the crossing at Light-House Inlet. Two of these are of long range. It is my purpose to increase this armament by one 30-pounder Parrott.

The guns are in detached batteries and in strong position, but they are unprovided with magazines. The communications are not arranged, and from waiting for engineers to build finish up magazines, the sickness of the artillery officer in command, and the inefficient supply of ordnance material, they are all badly prepared for service.

With these facts before me, and believing, from the state in which work on which the engineer department is employed at present, that it will be in vain to expect the work to be done by engineers, I intend to send a strong and efficient company to that point, under a competent officer, to cause him to be supplied with material, and to have the magazines fitted and supplied, and the batteries in readiness for service as quickly as possible (employing the labor of the soldiers), and, so soon as they are in proper condition, to increase the armament at that point by a 10-inch mortar, and open fire upon the enemy, to prevent the advance of his works on Little Folly Island, and the possibility of his attempting a passage.

After several ineffectual efforts to have some arrangements made by which heavy guns can be rifled and banded at the arsenal (there being nobody at that establishment capable of the work), I have arranged with Mr. Cameron to put up a furnace himself, that the business can be proceeded with, and have ordered the iron from Atlanta.

I propose, if our heavy, guns can be rifled and banded properly, and the south end of Morris Island be strengthened, so that it can be held against a strong attack, to place several at different points on the shore to command the whole anchorage from inside the bar to Fort Sumter, to prevent the possibility of assistance to disabled iron-clads by wooden vessels inside. This occurred after the action of the 7th of April for five days, and we were powerless to prevent it for want of a few guns of respectable caliber and range in such positions.

I have to request that the chief of artillery and ordnance be ordered to turn over two of the carronades now in Battery Gadberry to the ordnance officer of the Fist Military District. They are wanted to complete the flank defenses of Battery Wagner. There are two 42-pounder carronades at Secessionville, on navy carriages, which can replace them,

