
but it will take long, I fear, to supply them with siege carriages, and, with the present means, they are inconvenient and almost unserviceable in the position required.

I have also to request that the engineers may be ordered to place suitable timber, if they have any, for the magazines on Morris Island at my disposal. It can be replaced in a short time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, May 27, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have made all necessary arrangement for bending and fitting the plates for torpedo ram. The amount furnished by the State ($50,000) was exhausted some time since. The amount due for work performed, together with what will be required for completing the boat, amounting in all to, say, $40,000, is now absolutely required.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS S. LEE,

Captain of Engineers.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., June 13, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the War Department.

I beg to suggest that as this marine torpedo ram is in charge of our Engineer Department, and intended for the defense of this harbor, in connection with its fortifications, it is just and proper the Engineers Department should furnish the necessary means for its completion. I have, in consequence, given orders to that efforts.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, June 18, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Gilmer, chief of Engineer Bureau. By command of Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 22, 1863.

I do not see how the engineer fund can be appropriately charged with this demand. No specific appropriation was made by Congress, although this subject was expressly called to the attention of the Committee of Ways and Means. The many contingent charges that thought the casualties of war have been necessarily thrown on the engineer fund make it necessary that the appropriation for it should be husbanded and strictly applied.

J. A. S. [SEDDON],

Secretary.

