
Numbers 32. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Smonton, Twenty-fifth South Carolina Infantry.
HDQRS. EUTAW REGIMENT, TWENTY-FIFTH S. C. VOLS.,June 17, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the results of the engagement of yesterday to my regiment:

Having been ordered to move at reveille, I formed and marched my reigment to the field in rear of Hill's house, and having then reported to Colonel Hagood, was placed by him in position behind a hedge. Upon being placed in position I was informed that Colonel Stevens had a portion of his reigment deployed as skirmishers in our front, and was ordered to take all precautions to prevent our men firing into them. Shortly after we took position we were put under a heavy fire of small-arms, directed principally against my left wing. In obedience to orders I kept my men under restraint and prevented any firing until felling satisfied that the enemy were actually in my front. I then gave orders to fire. After a brisk fire of about a half hour they were driven off. During their retreat we were exposed to an enfilading fire from a field battery on our flank. Below I append a list of casualties.*

The behavior of my regiment was such as I could have wished. Lieutenant Blum, of the Washington Light Infantry, Company B, whose company was chiefly under if, distinguished himself by his extreme coolness, encouraging his men. He rendered most efficient aid in restraining their natural desire to return the fir of the enemy. The conduct of his men could not be surpassed. They were under my eye all the time, Two of his men, Privates J. Campbell Martin and T. Grange Simons, jr., the first wounded int he head and leg, and the other in three places, with his clothing riddled, continued to fire until taken from the field.

A large number of arms and accouterments were reconvened from the field and several prisoners were captured. With this I inclose the reports of Lieutenant Blum and of Captain Adger, quartermaster. The arms and accouterments are in the hands of the latter, subject to your order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES H. SIMONTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOSEPH WALKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 33. Report of Lieutenant R. A. Blum, Twenty-fifth South Carolina Infantry.

CAMP PETTIGREW, JAMES ISLAND, S. C.,

June 16, 1862.

I beg leave to report the following casualties and incidents of this morning's engagement:

---------------

*Nominal list omitted. Losses embodied in Report Numbers 24, p. 90.

---------------

