
landed from the Planter, I thank, who got as far as the infantry tents and burned them. My pieces I had withdrawn to the causeway, as both boats, shelling vigorously, moved up as though to land above our position.

One of the scout reported to Major O'Neill that the enemy had landed and were marching up. My guns were then thrown forward, and I detailed scouts from my own men, who proceeded to a point between the two camps, under charge of Lieutenant Lowndes. Two of my pieces were to take position near the bluff on left of road, two in our drill ground on the right; Colonel McCulloch, who had arrived, to advance under cover of the hedges to the point where my scouts were with four companies; Major O'Neill, with the other companies, to advance through the con-and thus I hoped, had they landed, to attack them in front and flank. They, however, had not landed any force, and I can only conjecture that they landed at all. Had the original intention been carried out, and the riflemen on leaving the pits occupied the road and the corn, I think we might have been able to bring our guns into play; as it was, I thought my best plan was to keep prepared for what I expected-a landing. Before we could reach the boats, however, immediately after burning the tents they turned and went rapidly off. The buildings at the point were much injured by shell, grape, canister, &amp;c., and some very narrow escapes were run.

The conduct of the men while in the pits was very good, and they all say that crisp were heard after several shots. The men kept very close on deck. Had rifle pits been dug all long the banks I believe that the enemy would have suffered very much; as it was, it was very difficult to rally the men after leaving the pits. Very little time was given for a proper disposition of the troops. I do not think that over twenty minutes elapsed between the alarm and the first shot. Some system of signals is necessary by which we may be notified of the entrance of a vessel into the river while out of our sight. The lookout on the mast of the steamer enables her to direct her fire at objects not seen from her hull. Captain McJunkin's and Barnett's companies have both some baggage.

I have no casualties to report. One shot passed through my commissary room, but our stores were out of it. Lieutenant [James] Salvo, of the Washington Artillery, came over, offering Captain [George H.] Walter's battery, and was of much service to me. I declined sending for the battery, as under the circumstances I did not think it could be advantageously used.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD L. PARKER,

Captain Marion Artillery, Commanding Post.

Captain A. L. EVANS, S. C. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &c., Adams Run.

