
of the major-general commanding, dated the 27th instant,* instructing me to abandon James Island with the forces under my command, and in obedience thereto have already sent off such of the sick as could not march with their regiments, and have been to-day shipping stores and the horses of the cavalry, which will be the first of the command to leave. I hope to be able to accomplish the whole movement successfully, removing everything without loss. The movement to Legareville, with the balance of the command left after the first detachment is sent away, will occasion much labor and I fear loss of time, as the difficulties of approach to that place by steamers are serious. It might be well to leave it to my judgment whether to make the transfer or not. On this point I would ask early instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept., Hilton Head, S. C.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,James Island, S. C., July 4, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that two regiments of the Second Brigade of General Stevens' division-the One hundred Pennsylvania Regiment commander, Colonel Leasure, will leave this morning for Hilton Head, and that the third regiment of that brigade will be sent by the Cosmopolitan, now expected momentarily, as soon a she arrives. Rockwell's battery also goes to-day. I am very much embarrassed in the embarkation of the troops for the want of a sufficiency of transportation, and would most urgently request that everything that can be spared in the way of steamers which can enter the Stono be sent here at once. The Staten Islander and the Mayflower would help me out very much. So far the weather has been such as to preclude the use of the Vanderbilt, as it has been impossible to transfer troops to her outside, and the propellers Potomac and Locust Point have been of no service. They will be sent down as soon as orders can be got to them, and as their draught is not too great for the waters about Hilton Head, it is suggested they might for two or three days take place of the steamers asked for above.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General D. HUNTER,

Commanding Department of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,James Island, S. C., July 5, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the steamer Cosmopolitan leaves for Hilton Head at 10 a. m. to-day with four pieces of artillery, the Forty-sixth New York Regiment, belonging to Second Brigade, of

---------------

*See Inclosure Numbers 5. to Hunter's report of June 27, p. 47.

---------------

