
Stevens' division, Colonel Leasure commanding, and the Eighth Michigan, of the First Brigade, Colonel Fenton commanding. There now remain here two regiments of Fenton's brigade (the Seventh Connecticut and Twenty-eighth Massachusetts) and the two regiments designated for Edisto (Sixth Connecticut and Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania), and four pieces of artillery, with quartermaster's horses, wagons, ambulances, and some stores. If the two steamers for which I wrote urgently yesterday are sent and the schooners capable of carrying horses and wagons are returned we shall be able to get off everything by the next move, and I think successfully. So far everything has been quiet along the lines, though the enemy has reoccupied as we have withdrawn.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General D. HUNTER,

Commanding Department of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,James Island, S. C., July 6, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that the Ben De Ford leaves this morning with quartermaster's stores, horses, and the Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Regiment, which regiment belongs to the brigade of Colonel Fenton. Our present position is a strong one, and I do not anticipate any trouble from the enemy; yet I am of course anxious to get off the remainder of the command with the least possible delay. I would therefore most urgently request that the Ben De Ford be discharged to-night and sent back to-morrow morning, and that the Cosmopolis and Delaware, if not already started, be sent here at the same time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major CHARLES G. HALPINE,

A. A. G., Dept. of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Edisto Island, S. C., July 9, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I arrived here about 8 p. m. on the evening of the 7th instant with the Sixth and Seventh Connecticut and Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Regiments, and that all the troops were landed by 6 a. m. the next morning.

Fort the present I have established the camps in the vicinity of the landing near the place marked on the Coast Survey map as the "Pt. of Pines House," deeming this as the most eligible position on account of the facilities for receiving supplies, as well as for the health of the command. A position at Eddingsville or on Botany Bay Island, immediately upon the sea shore, would no doubt be more healthy and comfortable; but as military positions they are less desirable. Edisto Island, as you are probably aware, bears the reputation of being very unhealthy is umber, and it was the custom of the resident planters to

