
abandon it as early as June and go to Eddignville, which is a small collection of summer houses upon a sand ridge immediately upon the sea; yet so far there is nothing to indicate that it is not as healthy as any of the other islands along the coast. The actual sickly season has not, however, I presume, fairly been entered upon.

If the island is to be permanently occupied it would be a matter of proper precaution to erect certain defenses and arms them with heavy guns, with which we could act effectively upon any field batteries the enemy might easily land for the purpose of attack. At present we have to rely upon the artillery of the gunboats for this. The fast land upon the opposite side of the Edisto River is about 2 miles distant, and a battery of heavy guns would seriously annoy us. I should like a few heavy guns to reply to such an attempt; but upon this point I will write again in a day or two.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major CHARLES G. HALPINE,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dept. of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.

JUNE 30-JULY 1, 1862.-Bombardment of Tampa, Fla.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Joseph Finegan, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Middle and East Florida.

Numbers 2.-Captain J. W. Pearson, C. S. Army, Osceola Rangers.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Joseph Finegan, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Middle and East Florida.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MIDDLE AND EAST FLORIDA,Tallahassee, Fla., July 8, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the enemy commenced shelling the town of Tampa with one vessel on the 30th ultimo. there are two companies (Pearson's and Chambers') stationed at Tampa, and my advices are that our batteries are replying deliberately and regularly to the fire of the enemy. I apprehend no attemp on the part of the Federals to capture Tampa. The force engaged (one vessel) forbids such an idea. I presume they intend to annoy us for killing and capturing their men on our coast.

I have the honor to be, general, with great respect, you obedient servant,

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

