
rested upon our ground until 2 o'clock, when I sent up our flag, and it seemed to float so proudly and beautifully, showing its broad side to them, it made them furious. They then fired at us two powerful hoots in rapid succession, then weighed anchor, and in a few minutes showed us her stern, and left us in peaceful possession of the town that they had the evening before demanded unconditional surrender of in such furoso-gusto manner.

Nobody hurt on our side; we cannot tell what damage was done to them.

My son, the bearer of this, will answer you all questions you desire to ask, as he was at one of the batteries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. PEARSON,

Captain Osceola Rangers and Commander of Post.

General JOSEPH FINEGAN, Tallahassee, Fla.

JULY 4, 1862.-Affair at Port Royal Ferry, S. C.

Report of Colonel W. S. Walker, C. S. Army, commanding Third Military District.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,McPhersonville, S. C., July 5, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on yesterday, July 4, I drove in the enemy's pickets at Port Royal Ferry with a section of the Beaufort Artillery, Captain Stephen Elliott commanding, supported by 15 men of Company I, Eleventh Regiment South Carolina Volunteers. One piece was taken to the bulkhead, and under cover of its fire a boat, manned with 12 men of the artillery, under command of Sergeant Barnwell, landed at the ferry-house with a barrel of turpentine. Inside the house was found a barricade, from which they had annoyed my pickets with long-range rifles. The whole was burned to the ground. A very large coil of rope, which it is supposed they had used in crossing the ferry the night previous to the attack on the railroad, was brought away. At the conclusion of our operations, which lasted about hirty minutes, the enemy brought up a 12-pounder and made some rather wild firing, by which nobody was hurt.

All the movements were marked with coolness and precision.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. WALKER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 9, 1862.-Expedition to Fenwick's Island, S. C.

Report of Major R. J. Jeffords, C. S. Army, Sixth South Carolina Battalion Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,McPhersonville, S. C., July 16, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of South Carolina and Georgia:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose the report of operations by Major

