
R. J. Jeffords, commanding Sixth Battalion Cavalry, upon the night of the 9th July, made under my order, to effect a diversion in favor of General Evans, who expected to attack the enemy at daylight of the same date. Though nothing was effected, owing to the failure of the attack by General Evans, I think it proper to call your attention to the characteristic and enterprise shown by Major Jeffords on the occasion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. WALKER,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SIXTH BATTALION CAVALRY, S. C. VOLS.,Chisolmville, S. C., July 9, 1862.

COLONEL: I get to report that I left Chapman's Fort on evening of the 7th with 130 commissioned and non-commissioned officers and rivals, and proceeded to Fenwick's Island, landing on rear in Mosquito Creek. I sent out a small reconnaissance to Major Murray's plantation, they soon after returning, seeing no sings of the enemy. I proceeded down the island to Seabrook's place, on Pon Pon River. I took from this point a general survey of Otter Island, Saint Helena Sound, Pon Pon River, and the neighborhood around. On Otter Island I saw two of the enemy's flags flying, one very large; in mouth of Ashepoo could not reach Pon Pon without passing through Monsquito or going 25 miles around, so I delayed, awaiting attack of General Evans, until after sunrise. Hearing no guns (which was a necessity, should he have fired, as only the Pon Pon River divided me) I returned to boats, 3 miles off, first showing myself in force plainly to the sloop of war in Ashepoo. She promptly had the long roll batmen but as tide was against her I apprehended no danger. I proceed to Hutchinson's Island, found no enemy, they only visiting there from time to time. I was informed by an old negro the enemy had removed most of they young negroes to Hilton Head, stating they were unable to protect them from our attacks where they were. At flood tide the enemy advanced up Ashepoo, shelling Hutchinson's Island, and coming up to within 2 miles of Chapman's fort. I immediately manned boats and had them removed 25 miles up Ashepoo to Heyward's plantation.

I am sorry the diversion has not me with some success. It was one of great danger, as I could have been easily and completely cut off. The fatigue was very severe, rowing heavily-laden boats near 100 miles mostly against a swift current. The men behaved splendidly, and I only whims I had a better field for operation.

The gun with detachment arrived in good time; it was fired once from boat with great ease.

Your obedient servant,

R. J. JEFFORDS,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel W. S. WALKER.

P. S.-I destroyed four boats, one fine one, on Hutchinson's Island.

S R R-VOL XIV

