
with them, cannot as yet give you any of the particulars, but supposed they had an engagement, but owing to a deserter being with them I fear they took the battery in the rear. I, with my force on this side, arrived just in time to see them land at Mrs. Spakman's. We then deployed our men on both side, above and bellow, and drove them back to their boats, and when they tried to get off they found the boat a ground, and it took the tug about two hours to get it off, we giving them a pretty brisk fire from the bank all the while. She ran up the river a few hundred yards and turned to come back and gave us a few shell and a heavy fire with their small-arms, which we returned as she passed by. I then threw the forces at every favorable place on the river below and fired on them as they passed.

We were engaged about five hours. I don't think the enemy's loss could have been less then 50 killed and wounded. Our casualties are 2 wounded, both slightly. I will report from the other side as early as possible.

I take great pleasure is saying that the troops with me on this side acted with great promptness and bravery.

Yours, very respectfully,

W. P. EMANUEL,

Major, Commanding.

General S. G. GIST.

AUGUST 21, 1862.-Affair on Pinckney Island, S. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel John H. Jackson, Third New Hampshire Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Major General John C. Pemberton, C. S. Army, commanding Department of South Carolina and Georgia.

Numbers 3.-Colonel W. S. Walker, C. S. Army, commanding Third Military District.

Numbers 4.-Captain Stephen Elliott, jr., Beaufort (S. C.) Artillery.

Numbers 1. Reports of Lieutenant-Colonel John H. Jackson, Third New Hampshire Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS.

Graham's Plantation, August 21, 1862-7.30 a. m.

SIR: I have just received reports from Pinckney Island that the company posted on the eastern end of the island was surprised this morning by apparently three companies of the rebels. The lieutenant in command was taken prisoner and about 40 men; 1 sergeant and 5 privates escaped and reported on their way to these headquarters. They report the rebels at 6 o'clock this morning on the island in some force, and wearing a blue uniform similar to our own. I have notified all my officers to have their commands in readies to move on to Pinckney Island. As you have been notified from Seanbrook I wait further orders, thinking you may think proper to send a gunboat to cut off the retreat of the rebels.

Yours, with respect,JOHN H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

H. W. CARRUTHERS,

Post Adjutant.

