HDQRS. THIRD NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Graham's Plantation, Hilton Head, S. C., August 21, 1862-10.45.

SIR: Yours in reply to my communication of this morning is received.

After sending my report I learned from some of those who escaped from the island that Lieutenant Wiggin was left on the island either killed or wounded badly, and that a number of our men were left there either killed or wounded.

Major Plimpton, with a detachment from each of the four companies on the river, immediately landed on Pinckney Island to investigate the whole affair as far as possible nd to revoker those of our men who were killed or wounded. Lieutenant Wiggin and 1 private, killed in resisting the attack, have been sent to Seabrook's Wharf, with some wounded men, who need the attendance of a surgeon. I have Captain Emmons orders to send to Hilton head for surgeon, which I suppose he has done ere this. I have a report at this moment from the captain commanding the picket on the western end of the island, who has visited his posts, and they report all quiet during the night; heard no guns, cries, or anything of the kind, and also report that the enemy's picket present no unusual appearance. They have fired however on our pickets a number of time this morning.

I shall be able to send 40 men to-night to occupy Company H's former position. On Pinckney Island there are a large number of contraband and several well-cultivated plantations. The contraband need protection and the plantations are valuable for their produce.

I have been all over the island lately, and came to the conclusion that it needs five or six companies on the island to prevent these raids on our pickets. Please inform me if I shall continue to post pickets on that en of the island.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN H. JACKSON,

Commanding Third New Hampshire Volunteers.
HDQRS. THIRD NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Hilton Head, S. C., September 1, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to present the following report respecting an attack on the picket of this regiment stationed on Pinckney Island. The attack took place just before daylight on the morning of Thursday, August 21. The enemy landed on the island from six boas, five of them landing above the pickets, and approached the camp from the side where no guard was stationed and fired a volley before they were discovered. The other boat came around the point to where one of our pickets was stationed very near the camp. the sentinel challenged twice and the lieutenant stepped from his tent and approached him. He had gone but a short distance when a volley was fired from the enemy, they being then in the camp.

Lieutenant Wigging was found dead a short distance from his tent, with eight or nine wounds on his body. The rebels remained but a short time on the island, and took but little of the company property and did not destroy the taints. The enemy have presented no unusual appearance since the attack. Os loss was: Killed, 1 lieutenant, 3 privates; total, 4. Wounded, 2 privates; total 2. Missing, 3 sergeants, 4 corporals, 29 privates; total, 36. One of the wounded men has since died, and the other was severely wounded and may not recover.

A number of the rebels were either killed or wounded, according to the report of one of he corporals who was taken prisoner, but the

