
squad having him in charge was fired upon, probably by their own men in the darkness, and the fire was returned. In the confusion the corporal escaped, the guard at his side being shot dead.

On the 6th of August 3 men of Company H deserved from Pinckney Island, and a new disposition of the pickets was immediately made and the utmost vigilance urged upon the lieutenant (Wiggin) commanding that post. At different times two detachments of fresh men were sent to Pinckney Island to prevent the old pickets from relaxing their vigilance from great fatigue. At the time when the last detachment was sent I accompanied it, and examined all the picket posts, and pointed out particularly the necessity of great vigilance at the very point where the enemy landed on the 21st ultimo, and called the particular attention of the lieutenant to the importance of the post.

Since the surprise of the company (H) I have learned that the lieutenant (most unaccountably to me) removed entirely the guard at that post and the patrol from that point along the road to their camp. Lieutenant Wiggin proved himself a brave man at the battle on James Island, June 16, and nothing previous to this unfortunate affair has ever happened to shake my confidence in his ability as an officer.

It was a great lack of vigilance and judgment on his part, and his too strong sense of security cost him the loss of his life and the regiment the loss of nearly an entire company. Every precaution was taken on my part to prevent any surprise of that post.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. JACKSON,

Colonel, Commanding Third New Hampshire Volunteers.

Major-General HUNTER,

Commanding Department of the South.

Numbers 2. Report of Major General John C. Pemberton, C. S. Army, commanding department of South Carolina and Georgia.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., August 27, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the reports of Colonel W. S. Walker and Captain S. Elliott, Beaufort Light Artillery, of an expedition gains the enemy stationed on Pinckney Island. In forwarding these reports I would respectfully call your attention to the gallantry and good conduct of Captains S. Elliott and Mickler, who conducted the expedition with complete success to our arms.

Very respectfully,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel W. S. Walker, C. S. Army, commanding Third Military District.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,McPhersonville, S. C., August 22, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, from the reconnaissance of

