
Lieutenant-Colonel Colcock, of the Second Battalion Cavalry, and Captain J. H. Mickler, Eleventh Infantry, and the information obtained from 3 deserters, I was persuaded that a force of the enemy station din the northeastern point of Pinckney Island, and believe not to exceed 100 men, could be surprised and captured. For this purpose I ordered Captain Stephen Elliott, of the Beaufort Artillery, with Captain J. H. Mickler, Eleventh Infantry, to organize a boat expedition. I refer you to the inclosed report of Captain Elliott for a clear and unreserved statement of his cooperations.

For a due understanding of the hazardous nature or the undertaking it is necessary to state that a gunboat cruises in that immediate neighborhood, and that her masts were seen through the trees from the enemy's encampment. There was not only the danger attending an attack upon an enemy nearly equal in force, but the still greater risk of being intercepted by the powerful batteries of a war steamer. The conception of the expedition required daring and great rapidity of execution. A prolonged contest, even if successful, would have ben fatal in its results. I knew that the high qualities of the leaders and their men would secure the prompt execution, and the result has amply justified my confidence. While great credit is due to every officer and man engaged, I must specially mention the conspicuous services of Captains Elliott and Mickler. My position in front of an enemy occupying islands and commanding their approach with powerful war steamers, as well as the character of my force, consisting mainly of cavalry armed with shot-guns, has disabled me from undertaking any large operations against the enemy. I believe, however, I have succeeded din impressing him with an exaggerated estimate of my force by means of repeated attacks upon his pickets at various points, which would seem to indicate the confidence and audacity of a strong and threatening force.

I have been indebted to Captain Stephen Elliott, who is a sailor as well as a soldier, for the organization nd largely for the execution of these affairs. With great zeal and enterprise he had contributed a sagacity and prudence which have invariably secured success. His officers and men have proved worthy of the commander. They have bone exposure, fatigue, and hunger with unshrinking courage and alacrity. Captain Mickler has but recently been under my command, but in that short time his boldness as a scout and his gallantry as a leader have sustained his well-earned reputation. I would commend all the officers and men engaged in the expedition to the most favorable notice of the general commanding.

I inclose a copy of the only order of special interest among those captured. I will send the prisoners to Charleston as soon as I have examined them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. WALKER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major J. R. WADDY, A. A. G., Dept. of South Carolina and Georgia.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain Stephen Elliott, jr., Beaufort (S. C.) Artillery.

MCPHERSONVILLE, S. C., August 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of an expedition

