
The officers of my command engaged were: Captain J. T. Crawford and Lieutenant R. T. Bowie, of Company G; Captain James McCallay and Lieutenant A. W. Pearce and J. T. Horsley, of Company B; Captain John L. Moore and Lieutenant T. M. Breed and J. B. Breed, of Company C, and Lieutenant E. L. Connally and J. C. Steger, of Company A. Lieutenant Thomas G. Meders, of Company H, was lieutenant of the scouting party sent out in the morning.

The whole force engaged at any one time was not over 90, some having been detailed as pickets to prevent surprise from the rear and to guard the steamer.

Below is a list of the casualties:*

 Killed. 	 Wounded.

Officers	 ...................	 2

Non-commissioned	 ...................	 1

officers

Enlisted men	 4	 12

Total	 4	 15

The loss of the enemy could not be ascertained, except approximately, by going over the ground and finding the bloody places which marked where they fell. There were quite a number of these, some of them indicating that those shot had bled very freely. Bloody garments were found, some caps that had been shot through, and the bloody doors upon which they had borne off their men; guns and various other things with blood on them indicate that the enemy suffered severely.

I had forgotten also to mention that the lantern they had used in searching for their dead and wounded was found the next day. In their haversacks were found plates, knives, and forks, butter-crackers, meat, &amp;c., as if they had come prepared to remain on the island a day or two. They had also some ground coffee that they drooped in their hurry. The guns used by them were muskets, some of them large-bore Springfield muskets rifled.

The loss on our side, particularly in the ranks of Captain Crawford's company (G), and the length of time they were fighting, show with what bravery they maintained their ground against overwhelming numbers-eight or ten to one.

I cannot omit to state my high appreciation of the skill and courage of Captains Crawford and McCallay and the valor of officers and men under them. Captain Crawford had command of the party until I arrived, and in his judgment and valor I have entire confidence. Captain McCallay nobly seconded him in every movement, and a braver, truer man cannot be found.

Individual instances of heroism and narrow escapes were reported to me, among them that of Garland Upshaw, of Company B, who is assistanting in bearing off a wounded comrade had four bullet-holes made through his coat. upshaw is quite a youth, and yet is considered one of the best scouts in the regiment. Private Pilkinton, of Company A, was shot just as he had loaded his gun, and after falling handed it to Captain McCallay, requesting him to discharge it at the foe. Captain Carford and his men were nearly surrounded, and though exposed to fire from three directions bravely fought until they had not cartridges to use. Captain McCallay had a ball shot through his coat.

I have made this report too lion, and yet not long enough to do full justice to the men who, less than 100, in a fair fight kept back 800 well-

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

