
If I can hold the Saint John's Bluff, as I hope to do, it will relieve the valley of he saint John's from the marauding incursions of the enemy and afford a base for operations against Saint Augustine. Could I have one regiment of infantry or service in est Florida I think I could take Saint Augustine and hold it. I respectfully ask, if a regiment can be spared, that it be ordered to report to me.

My assistant adjutant-general, Captain Call, who accompanied the expedition, rendered efficient service throughout.

I have the honor to be, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

[Indorsement.]

If General Beauregard can spare a regiment from Savannah temporarily, request him to order it to report to General Finegan.

G. W. R.

SEPTEMBER 17, 1862.-Engagement at Saint John's Bluff, Fla.

Report of Brigadier General Joseph Finegan, C. S. Army.

LAKE CITY, FLA., September 19, 1862.

On the morning of the 17th five gunboats engaged the battery at Saint John's Bluff and continued the engagement for five hours, when they retired. Our loss, 2 killed and 3 wounded. The enemy, having failed to pass our batteries, may attempt a land attack. I am preparing for it and will be there to-night. Can you send me one reigment of infantry from the coat of Georgia or Carolina? I need them very much. Answer by telegraph.

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SEPTEMBER 24, 1862.-Affair on Skull Creek, S. C.

Report of Colonel William B. Barton, Forty-eighth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES ON THE SAVANNAH RIVER,Fort Pulaski, Ga., September 25, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding the department, that yesterday, having received information that a squad of the enemy's cavalry, some 10 or 15 in number, were visible on the shore of the main-land opposite the northwest

