
good feeling existed between the two breaches of the service in every respect, doubtless owing to the gallant and gentlemanly conduct of the commander of the naval forces.

The troops under my command showed great energy, zeal, and activity, and a desire to meet the enemy; but the latter were too fleet for them. I doubt not they will give a good account of themselves when the opportunity affords.

I am much indebted to my staff, Captain L. J. Lambert, assistant adjutant-general; Captain I. Coryell, assistant quartermaster, and Lieuts. I. V. Germain and G. W. Gacon, aides-de-camp, for their zeal, energy, and attention to their duties during the entire expedition, particularly the three latter officers, who were always ready at all times for any duty. To Captain Coryell, assistant quartermaster, the Quartermaster's Department owes much for his untiring energy and activity in giving his valuable assistance to the transport Cosmopolitan after the accident. I am also under obligation to Captain A. P. Rockwell, First Connecticut Light Battery, who acted as additional aide-de-camp, and to the officers of the Signal Corps, Lieuts. G. H. Hill and F. E. Town, who performed their duties with great satisfaction to me and the expedition.

I have the honor to be, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel W. P. PRENTICE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.

Numbers 2. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Tilghman H. Good, Forty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Mount Pleasant Landing, Fla., October 2, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report for the information of the general commanding:

In accordance with orders received I landed my regiment on the bank of Buckhorn Creek at 7 o'clock yesterday morning. After landing I moved forward in the direction of Parker's plantation, about 1 mile, being then within about 1 1/4 miles of said plantation. Here I halted to await the arrival of the Seventh Connecticut Regiment. I advanced two companies of skirmishers toward the house, with instruction to halt in case of meeting any of the enemy ahead. I immediately went forward to the line and saw some 5 or 6 mounted men about 700 or 800 yards ahead. I then ascended a tree, so that I might have a distinct view of the house, and from this elevated position I distinctly saw one company of infantry close by the house, which I supposed to number about 30 or 40 men, and also some 60 or 70 mounted men. After waiting for the arrival of the Seventh Connecticut Volunteers until 10 o'clock, and it not appearing, I dispatched a squad of men back to the landing for a 6-pounder field howitzer which had been kindly offered to my service by Lieutenant Boutelle, of the Paul Jones. This howitzer had been

