
After my arrival at the bluff, it being then 7.30 o'clock, I dispatched Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander with two companies back to the last-named camp (which I found, from a number of papers left behind, to have been called Captain Hopkins and occupied by the Milton Artillery of Florida) to reconnoiter and ascertain its condition. Upon his return he reported that from every appearance the skedaddling of the enemy wa as sudden as in the other instances already mentioned, leaving their trunks and all the camp equipage behind; also a small quantity of commissary stores, sugar, rice, half barrel of flour, one bag of self, &amp;c., including 60 tents, which I have brought in this morning. The commissary stores were used by the troops of my command.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

T. H. GOOD,

Colonel Forty-seventh Regiment Pa. Vols., Commanding

Captain LAMBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of First Lieutenant George H. Hill, Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, Acting Signal Officer, including expedition from Hilton Head to Pocotaligo, S. C., October 21-23, 1862.

HILTON HEAD, S. C., November 1, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report: October 1 I was at Mayport Mills, Saint John's River, Florida, on duty with the expedition under command of Brigadier General J. M. Brannan, Lieutenant Town, acting signal officer, being on board the flag-ship Paul Jones, of the naval squadron, Captain Steedman commanding. We kept constant communication open between the land and naval forces. The signals were very extensively used, both day and night, until the evening of the 3rd, after the retreat of the enemy from the battery on Saint John's Bluff. The signals were also of some service in advancing up the river to Jacksonville on the 5th; and upon our arrival at Jacksonville on the afternoon of the 5th, our pickets being attacked by the enemy's cavalry, and Lieutenant Town having gone on board the gunboat Cimarron that vessel was ordered to shell the enemy. The firing being regulated by the signals, the enemy were soon driven back some miles kept communication open between the Navy and the force on shore. On the morning of the 12th we left the Saint John's River, and on the morning of the 13th, we having arrived here, I was directed by General Brannan to report to Lieutenant Keenan, chief acting signal officer Department of the South, for duty. From the 13th to the 21st I remained on duty at the station at Hilton Head, S. C., when, having received orders from Lieutenant Keenan, I reported to Brigadier General J. M. Bannana, on board the U. S. transport Ben De Ford, to accompany an expedition up the Coosawhatchie River. The fleet consisted of 15 vessels (gunboats and transports). There being six other signal officers on the gunboats and transports we successfully kept communication open between General Brannan, commanding the troops, Captain Steedman, commanding the naval forces, General Terry, on board the U. S. transport Boston,

