
the honor to report the facts in regard to the case of the captured steamer Governor Milton.

On October 6 last, in obedience to orders, I proceeded with the expedition sent from Jacksonville, Fla., up the Saint John's River, in search of rebel steamers.

At 9 p. m. the next day, October 7, discovered the steamer Governor Milton is a small creek, 2 miles above Hawkinsville; boarded her in a small boat, and found that she had been run in there but a short time before, as her fires were not yet out. Her engineer and mate, then in charge, were asleep on board at the time of her capture. They informed us that owing to the weakness of the steamer's boiler we found here where we did, as they had intended to take her up as far as Enterprise. We returned with our prize the next day.

When the expedition returned from the Saint John's River the Governor Milton was left with Captain Steedman, who was in command of the naval forces in the Saint John's, and was used by him for nearly two weeks, after making some rapiers to her boiler and machinery, when she was sent to Hilton Head, and there appraised by the Navy at $2,000, and turned over to the Quartermaster's Department, in whose employ she has been ever since. The Governor Milton is now at Beaufort, S. C., for the purpose of having her boiler and machinery repaired, she being entirely unfit for use in her present condition.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. BACON,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

Captain LOUIS J. LAMBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps.

Numbers 6. Reports of Brigadier General Joseph Finegan, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Middle and East Florida.

LAKE CITY, FLA., October 2, 1862.

I am hard pressed ont he Saint John's River; 3,000 men reported by the commanding officer at Saint John's Bluff as having landed at Mayport Mills. The enemy engaged our batteries again and were repulsed. Please send me one regiment of infantry as soon as possible. I asked for a regiment some ten days since, but have not heard from you on the subject.

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

LAKE CITY, FLA., October 2, 1862.

GENTLEMEN: I am hard pressed on the Saint John's River. The commanding officer at Saint John's Bluff reports 3,000 Federals are being landed at Mayport Mills. The enemy engaged our batteries again yesterday for the third time and were repulsed. I have not sufficient men to resist a land attack if made in force. Do go at once to the Secretary and get one or two regiments of infantry the coast of

