
afforded no protection to the rear. In regard to not spiking he guns and destroying the ammunition, I did sa as much of the ammunition as I could get transportation for, which was only one wagon load. I did not break the trunnions of the guns because the noise made in doing so would have exposed our designs to the enemy. I did not spike them because I had nothing to do it with and did not consider it important, as they did not bear upon the rear or the direction which we retreated.

Hoping that this short explanation may meet with your approbation, I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

CHAS. F. HOPKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Dept. S. C., Ga., and Fla.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CAMP FINEGAN, October 8, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN,

Commanding Dept. East. and Mid. Florida:

GENERAL: As there have been expressions of opinion, and reports put in circulation based upon them, prejudicial to myself and the volunteers under my command in the evacuation of Saint John's Bluff on the night of October 2, I respectfully demand that a court of inquiry be called at the earliest day practicable, t examine into the facts of the case and the policy of the course pursued by myself upon that occasion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. F. HOPKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES, DEPT. EAST AND MIDDLE FLORIDA, Numbers --. Camp Finegan, October 8, 1862.

At the request of Lieutenant Colonel C. F. Hopkins, late commander at Saint John's Bluff, a court of inquiry is hereby ordered, to convene at this post at 10 a. m. on to-morrow, to take evidence of the facts relating to the evacuation of post at Saint John's Bluff hereby append its decision, inasmuch as it was contemplated by Colonel Hopkin's demand for a court to investigate the circumstances relating to the said evacuation that the court should give an expression of its opinion:

The court, after patiently hearing the testimony adduced by the several witnesses, and after mature deliberation, give it as their opinion

