
of the troops. There is a good country road leading from the Point to the old town of Pocotaligo, then entering a turnpike, which leads from the town of Coosahwatchie to the principal ferry on the Slakehatchie River. The distance to the railroad was only about 7 or 8 miles, thus rendering it possible to effect a landing, cut the railroad and telegraph wires, and return to the boats in the same day. I saw that it would be impossible for the troops to be attacked by the enemy either in flank or rear, as the two flanks were protected by the Pocotaligo River on the one hand and by the Broad and by the Tulifiny, its tributary, on the other. Presuming that the enemy would make his principal defense at or near Pocotaligo, I directed that a detachment of the Forty-eighth New York, under command of Colonel Barton, with he armed transport Planter, accompanied by one or two light-draught gunboats, should ascend the Coosawhatchie River, for the purpose of making a diversion; and, in case no considerable force of the enemy was met, to destroy the railroad at and near the town of Coosawhatchie.

In addition to our land forces we were furnished by the Navy with several transports, armed with howitzers, three of which were landed with the artillery, and thus gave us a battery of seven pieces. All the troops were furnished with 100 rounds of ammunition. Two light ambulances and one wagon, with its team, accompanied the expedition.

I have no official report from Brigadier-General Brannan, the officer in command, but, having had an interview with Generals Brannan and Terry and with several regimental commanders, I am enable to give you a general outline of the facts and of the results obtained.

First, we have learned the navigation of the Broad River, and have also ascended the Pocotaligo and Coosawhatchie Rivers, so as to obtain a complete knowledge of these two streams; second, a landing was effected rapidly and in perfect safety, but, owing to the ignorance of our pilots one of the large transports ran aground not far from Mackay's Point, which delayed the moving of the expedition of his available troops for defensive purposes, and also to telegraph to Charleston and Savannah for re-enforcements; and, third, we encountered the enemy, as I anticipated, about 3 miles from Pocotaligo, and in two successive engagements drove him from his strong positions, and finally compelled his retreat across the Poctalio River, destroying the bridge behind him.

The march and fight continued from about 1 o'clock until between 5 and 6 o'clock in the afternoon. The officers and troops behaved in the most gallant manner. One bayonet charge was made over causeways with the most determined courage and with veteran firmness. The advance was made with caution, but with persistent steadiness, driving the enemy over a distance of more than 3 miles, and finally compelling him to seek safety by crossing the Pocotaligo River and the destruction of its bridge. The fight was continued on the banks of the Pocotaligo, but the coming on of night and the exhaustion of our ammunition, as well as the impossibility of crossing the river, rendered it necessary for the troops to return to their boats. This was done in perfect order and with great deliberation. It was impossible for the enemy to harass our troops, as they wee on the opposite side of the river and the bridge was destroyed.

So far as I know all the dead and wounded were brought off.

Nothing whatever fell into the hands of the enemy, while they were compelled to abandon two of their caissons, with ammunition, which

