
All light-draught steamers is the employed of the Government will be in readiness to move at once, their officers and crews when at the wharf remaining on board day and night.

Four of her colored crew and one of the colored crew of the steamer Etowah are missing, and are supposed to be parties to the theft. The Planter was to have taken to the Middle Ground Battery early this morning a portion of the armament for that fortifications, which had been put on board yesterday afternoon, viz, a a banded rifle 42, one 8-inch columbiad, one 8-inch seacoast howitzer, and one 32-pounder. She had also mounted for her own use one 32-pounder and a 24-pounder howitzer, and for use in Fort Sumter a 10-inch columbiad carriage, all of which have fallen into the hands of the enemy.

From an examination of the guard in the neighborhood of the wharf whence the Planter was stolen it would appear that about 8 o'clock last night two white men and a white woman went on board of her, and as they were not seen to return it is supposed that they have also gone in her. The sentinel on post about 50 yards from where the Planter was moored noticed her movement from the wharf at between 3 and 3.30 o'clock, but did not hinge it necessary to stop her, presuming that she was but pursuing her usual business. The Planter after leaving the wharf proceeded along the bay as far perhaps as the Atlantic Wharf, where, after a short stoppage and the blowing of her whistle, she was turned and proceeded on her course to sea. She passed Fort Sumter at 4.15 o'clock, and was reported by the sentinel on duty to the officer of the day. She was supposed to be the guard-boat and allowed to pass without interruption.

I have the honor to be, yours, most respectfully,

F. G. RAVENEL,

Aide-de-Camp.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Second Military District.

Numbers 4. Report of Major Alfred Rhett, First South Carolina Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY REGIMENT,Fort Sumter, S. C., May 13, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that at 4.15 o'clock this morning the sentinel on the parapet called for the corporal of the guard and reported the guard-boat going out. It was so reported to the officer of the day, and as it is by no means unusual for the guard-boat to run out at that hour, no further notice was taken of the occurrence.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED RHETT,

Major.

Captain LEO. D. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

