
part of the engagement with much ability. Nothing could be more satisfactory than the promptness and skill with which the wounded were attended to by Surg. E. W. Bailey, Forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers medical director, and the entire medical staff of the command.

The troops of the command behaved with great gallantry, advancing against a remarkably heavy fire of musketry, canister, grape, round shot, and shell, driving the enemy before them with much determination. I was perfectly satisfied with their conduct.

It affords me much pleasure again to report the perfect cordiality existing between the two branches of the service, and I was much indebted to Captain Charles Steedman, U. S. Navy for his valuable aid and assistance in disembarking and re-embarking the troops; also in sending launches, with howitzers, to prevent an attack on our pickets while we were embarking to return to Hilton Head.

The fitting out of the expedition as relates to its organization, supplies, transportation, and ammunition was done entirely by the major-general commanding the department, who at first purposed to command it. I was not assigned to the command till a few hours previous to the sailing of the expedition from Hilton Head.

The reports of the brigade and other commanders, together with a list of the officers and men who rendered themselves personally worthy of notice during the engagement I will forward as soon as received.

I have the honor to be, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel W. P. PRENTICE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., November 6, 1862

GENERAL: I herewith transmit the reports of Brigadier General A. H. Terry and Colonel T. H. Good, Forty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, who commanded brigades during the late expedition, under my command to Pocotaligo, S. C., and would beg respectfully to bring them to the favorable notice of the department for their gallant and meritorious conduct during the engagement of October 22; as also Colonel J. L. Chatfield, Sixth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, who commanded the First Brigade until severely wounded, in the early part of the engagement, while gallantly leading it to the charge. Great praise is also due to General Terry for his care and unremitting exertions during the night of the 22nd in superintending the removal of the wounded to the transports.

I also forward the report of Colonel E. W. Serrell, First New York Volunteer Engineers, chief engineer of the department, of the part taken by their several commands.

Accompanying General Terry's report is the report of other success of Lieutenant S. M. Smith, Third Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers Artillery,* who was sent up before daylight on the 22nd to Cuthbert's Island, on the Pocotaligo Creek, to capture the rebel pickets there stationed.

In addition to those officers mentioned in my report of the expedition I have great pleasure, on the recommendation of their respective

---------------

*General Terry's reports say Third New Hampshire Volunteers.

---------------

