
Captain Eaton has just reported that the detachment commanded by him under the orders of Colonel Barton, of the Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, destroyed a portion of the railroad at Coosawhatchie, and covered the return of the Forty-eighth New York by tearing up and destroying the bridge on the road back.

Your obedient servant,

EDWARD W. SERRELL,

Colonel Volunteer Engineers.

Captain LOUIS J. LAMBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel James F. Hall, First New York Engineers

NEW YORK REGIMENT VOLUNTEER ENGINEERS,

Hilton Head, S. C., October 23, 1862

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to General Terry concerning the part taken by the battalion under my command in the late fight at Pocotaligo, a copy of which has been forwarded to your headquarters. In addition to this report I would respectfully call your attention to the inclosed letter from Acting Adjutant Dalrymple and my indorsement thereon.* Lieutenant Dalrymple's services were most valuable, and he has proved himself worthy of the advancement he has received. It would perhaps be unjust to others to speak of any officer in particular where all did their duty so well.

In addition to the duties in the field I would call your attention to the voluntary labors in caring for the wounded. This duty was performed almost entirely by the men of our regiment. Sergeant Collins, of Company A, had the immediate charge of the men, and was untiring in his labors until the last wounded man was ordered for. This work was done in an orderly and proper manner.

I know that many a blessing has been asked for the Engineers who, notwithstanding the extreme fatigue of the day, gave the whole night to assisting their wounded fellow-soldiers. In this labor Acting Adjutant Dalrymple was ever present and most efficients.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. HALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel

E. W. SERRELL,

Colonel of Volunteer Engineers.

NEW YORK REGIMENT VOLUNTEER ENGINEERS,

Hilton Head, S. C., October 24, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the safe arrival of the battalion under my command.

The missing man was found in the detachment under command of Captain Eaton. One man was slightly hurt by splinters, not, however, unfitting him for duty.

I would respectfully report that may battalion repaired the roads,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

