
bridges, &amp;c., and pressed forward with all the dispatch that was possible with the engineering tools and and implements, which, in addition to their arms and equipments, had to be carried by the men. The bridges at the several points where they had been destroyed by the enemy were rebuilt and made passable. The putting down of the bridge at Frampton's plantation by Actg. Lieutenant N. M. Edwards was done under heavy fire. By direction of Colonel Serrell, chief engineer, I prepared materials for rebuilding the Pocotaligo Bridge, the preparations for which were complete.

I have to report that the officers and men did their duty well, and after the arrival in cam they assisted during the entire night in caring for the dead and wounded.

The necessity of leaving detachments at various points for road repairs necessarily kept our force separated; but both in the advance and retreat these detachments rapidly closed up to the main body.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES. F. HALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Battalion of N. Y. Vol. Engineers.

Brigadier-General TERRY.

No. 7. Report of Colonel Tilgham H. Good, Forty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Tenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FORTY-SEVENTH Regiment PA. VOLS.,Beaufort, S. C., October 25, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Brigade in the battles of October 22:

After meeting the enemy in his first position he was driven back by the skirmishing line consisting of two companies of the Sixth Connecticut, one of the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania, and one of the Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania, under my command. Here the enemy only fired a few rounds of shot and shell. He then retreated and assumed another position, and immediately opened fire. Colonel Chatfield, then in command of the brigade, ordered the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania forward to me, with orders to charge. I immediately charged and drove the enemy from the second position. The Sixth Connecticut was deployed in my rear and left; the Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania on my right, and the Fourth New Hampshire in the rear of the Fifty-fifth, both in close column by divisions all under a heavy fire of shell and canister. These regiments then crossed the causeway by the flank and moved close up to the woods. Here they were halted,with orders to support the artillery. After the enemy had ceased firing the Fourth New Hampshire was ordered to move up the road in the rear of the artillery and two companies of the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania to follow this regiment. The Sixth Connecticut followed up and the Fifty-fifth moved up through the woods. At this juncture Colonel Chatfield fell, seriously wounded, and Lieutenant-Colonel Speidel was also wounded.

The casualties in the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania amounted to 96 men. As yet I am unable to learn the loss of the entire brigade.

The enemy having fled, the Fourth New Hampshire and the Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania followed in close pursuit. During this time the

