
Forty-seventh Pennsylvania and the Sixth Connecticut halted and again organized, after which they followed. On coming up to the engagement I assumed command of the brigade, and found the forces arranged in the following order; The Fourth New Hampshire was deployed as skirmishers along the entire front, and the Fifty-fifth deployed in line of battle on the left side of the road, immediately in the rear of the Fourth New Hampshire. I then ordered the Sixth Connecticut to deploy in the rear of the Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania and the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania to deploy on the right side of the road in line of battle and relive the Seventh Connecticut. I then ordered the Fourth New Hampshire, which had spent all its ammunition, back under cover on the road in the woods. The enemy meantime kept up a terrific fire of grape and musketry, to which we replied with terrible effect. At this point the orders were given to retire, and the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania and Seventh Connecticut formed the rear guard. I then ordered the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania to keep its position and the Sixth Connecticut to march by the flank into the road and to the rear,, the Fourth New Hampshire, and Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania to follow. The troops of the Second Brigade were meanwhile retiring. After the whole column was in motion and a line of battle established by the Seventh Connecticut about 1,000 yards in the rear of the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania I ordered the Forty-seventh to retire by the flank and establish a line of battle 1,000 yards in the rear of the Seventh Connecticut; after which the Seventh Connecticut moved by the flank to the rear and established a line of battle 1,000 yards in the rear of the Forty-seventh, and thus retiring, alternately establishing lines, until we reached Frampton Creek, where we were relieved from this duty by the Fourth New Hampshire. We arrived at the landing at 3 o'clock on the morning of the 23rd instant.

The casualties of the Sixth Connecticut are 34 in killed and wounded and the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania 112 in killed and wounded. As to the remaining regiments I have as yet received no report.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. GOOD,

Colonel Forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain LAMBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 8. Report of Major Lorenzo Meeker, Sixth Connecticut Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTH Regiment CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Beaufort, S. C., October 24, 1862

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with previous orders, the Sixth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, about 450 strong, embarked from Beaufort at 1.30 p.m. October 21, and proceeded to Mackay's Point, where a landing was effected early on the morning of October 22, and the regiment placed under the command of Lieutenant Colonel John Speidel, Colonel Chatfield being assigned to the command of the brigade. We marched several miles into the interior, with Companies D and H in advance as skirmishers, until the enemy were met and the first engagement commenced.

The regiment, within a few minutes of the opening of the battle, was

