
while the fourth company (G) was ordered to halt and repair the bridge (which the enemy had partially destroyed), so that it should be passable for artillery. The artillery having passed over I deployed the whole regiment as skirmishers, and we acted as the support of the artillery firing as skirmishers for a few minutes at the most advanced post occupied by the forces we were relieved by some other reigment, and I sent orders to have the regiment reformed in line. At this time I was temporarily disabled. Lieutenant-Colonel Sleeper moved the regiment to the front on the left of the Sixth Connecticut Regiment, where it remained for some half an hour, when Lieutenant-Colonel Sleeper was ordered to move the regiment into the road, where it remained a few minutes and was again ordered into the wood at the left.

At about 5 o'clock Lieutenant-Colonel Sleeper received the order to retire. I rejoined and resumed command of the regiment at the causeway. My regiment passed the causeway and took up a position in the wood on the right. Being ordered to act as rear guard, we moved (after the other troops had passed) to the ground used as a hospital. I caused all the scattered arms and accouterments to be collected as we retired and all other property I destroyed.

Owing to the large number of wounded in front our march was very slow. Before we reached the shore more than half of my regiment were at work conveying the wounded. I cannot retrain from mentioning that in many instances we found wounded men by the road-side with only one or two men with them, the rest of the men detailed to carry them having deserted them. No wounded man was left behind. My regiment arrived in camp at 4 o'clock in the morning.

I am proud to be able to say that I had no stragglers from my regiment and that no officer or soldier flinched.

I have the honor to inclose a list* of the killed and wounded in the Fourth New Hampshire Regiment, and also a list of arms and accouterments left on the field and now in our possession.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

LOUIS BELL,

Colonel Fourth Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers.

Captain LOUIS J. LAMBERT.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Tilgham H. Good, Forty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. FORTY-SEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS.

Beaufort, S. C., October 24, 1862

SIR; I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Forty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the action of October 22:

Eight companies, comprising, 480 men, embarked on the steamship Ben De Ford, and two companies of 120 men on the Marblehead, at 2 p.m. October 21. With this force I arrived at Mackay's Landing before daylight the following morning. At daylight I was ordered to dis-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 148.

---------------

