
action of my command in the battles of October 22, I would respectfully report that after disembarking at Mackay's Landing my command was assigned its place, being on the left of the First Brigade, Colonel Chatfield in command. In this order it marched for some miles, companies being detailed from time to time, with orders to report to Colonel Good, commanding the advance. Near Frampton the command was ordered up on double-quick which was promptly obeyed. At this point it came under a very heavy and destructive fire f shell and canister from the enemy's batteries. The order was received to form in column and advance; and, although the most of the command had never been exposed to a cannonade so severe and so sustained and men were falling rapidly from its effects yet the order was executed with admirable promptitude and precision, the officers, with one exception, setting a noble example, which was imitated by the rank and file. The order was then received to get under cover for a time, while our artillery operated against the enemy's guns. Then the order was sent to charge. Together with the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and Sixth Connecticut my command rushed, in and although the ground was exceedingly difficult, covered with a dense thicket, with a swamp in front, our men, with remarkable energy, at once overcame these obstacles, swept over the hostile position, and rapidly pursued the fleeing enemy. The pursuit was continued to Pocotaligo where the enemy had again taken up a strong position, broken the bridge over the creek in his front and while re-enforcements were arriving to his support opened a heavy fire of cannon and a musketry. My command, having come up at the double-quick was ordered into position on our left. In obedience to an order for two companies of sharpshooters to operate against the enemy's batteries, Company A, under command of Lieutenant D. W. Fox, and Company B, Captain Shearer, were thrown forward. These companies well armed with good weapons, went in with the greatest enthusiasm and their deadly fire soon caused the enemy's cannonade to slacken, and more than held their own in the contest with the enemy's sharpshooters. This, being carried on at short range, was quite bloody.

Company A lost among others Sergeant [Samuel] Herter, who was shot dead while taking aim and its remaining sergeants, [Abram] Alstead, [Patrick F.] Hodge, and [Harry] Marlett, were wounded. These companies, having exhausted their ammunition, had to be relieved. First Lieutenant D. W. Fox distinguished himself by the efficient manner in which he fought his men.

Company K, armed with the Springfield musket, was sent up to relieve. It was well led by Lieutenant Saupp and Acting Second Lieutenant H. W. Fox. The latter in particular behaved well. The loss in this company is one that will be felt. It includes First Sergt. William L. Martin, who was shot dead, and Sergt. [G. E.] Leech, who was severely wounded.

Company D, Captain Lyons, and Company E, Captain Bennett were also ordered forward to support our battery, but being armed with altered smooth-bore muskets their fire could not compete with that of the enemy's splendidly armed sharpshooters. They were brought off. These gallant men fulfilled every duty practicable to men in their situation. Company D fired as long as they could load their muskets, which after a few rounds became so foul that a cartridge could hardly be rammed down, and even then many of the cones were blown out of the seats. The experience of Company E in the matter of arms is the same as that of Company D. In the latter company the captain received a ball through his sleeve and four of his men were wounded. Captain

