
Bennett, of Company E, a noble chivalric young officer, beloved by his men, was killed on the spot, and two of his sergeants, W. Benseman and [George P.] Parry, were severely wounded.

I trust that I am within the line of duty in respectfully claiming the attention of the general commanding to the fact that the usefulness of my command was limited by its armament. So far as it was equipped with rifles and Springfield muskets so far was it of account. I was compelled to withdraw gallant men and capital marksmen because the weapons they carried were worse than useless. True our bayonets might have counted for something, but that was the fault of the enemy, not ours. He did not wait to give us an opportunity to handle them.

Late in the evening I was ordered to withdraw my command beyond the second line of defense and from there to Mackay's Landing. This was accomplished in the best of order. My command remained there until all the troops had embarked, being the last to quit the spot.

I think I would fail in my duty did I not express the gratitude of the command to the general commanding the whole expedition for the gentle and provident care exercised by him toward the wounded. The hardy soldiers have found a new tie of attachment to their leader.

My second in command, Major Filler, manifested much bravery. Adjutant Metzger and Lieutenant George, regimental quartermaster, were of much use to me during the action. Adjutant Metzger manifested the qualities which should characterize the accomplished field officer and both he and Lieutenant George were especially active in the transmission of orders and bringing off the wounded.

With much respect, I have the honor to be, colonel,your most obedient servant,

RICHARD WHITE,

Colonel, Commanding Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Colonel T. H. GOOD,

Commanding First Brigade, Tenth Army Corps.

Numbers 12. Report of Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry U. S. Army commanding Second Brigade, Tenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Hilton Head, S. C., November 3, 1862

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the troops under my command in the expedition to Pocotaligo on the 21st, 22nd and 23rd ultimo:

My force consisted of 514 officers and men of the Seventh Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, under Colonel Joseph R. Hawley, temporarily organized as six companies; 480 officers and men of the Third Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers, under Colonel John H. Jackson, organized as six companies; 420 officers and men of the Seventy-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Colonel D. C. Strawbridge, also organized as six companies four companies of the Third Rhode Island Artillery under Major H. Rogers, jr., and a section of Hamilton's battery (E) of the Third Artillery, U. S. Army. A detachment of the Volunteer Engineers Regiment 250 strong, under the command of Colonel E. W. Serrell also accompanied the troops from this post. On arriving at

