
Brigade, and Lieutenant Lloyd Phoenix, U. S. Navy, with three boat howitzers, here reported to me.

I immediately directed Colonel Bell, of the Fourth New Hampshire brigade was formed, put them in march, the battery and boat howitzers leading, followed by the Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania the Seventh Connecticut, the Third New Hampshire and the Engineers. Finding that the First Brigade was some distance in advance, I sent orders to Colonel Chatfield to halt his command until my own men should come up. The whole force being united, Lieutenant Henry's section of artillery joined the First Brigade; Lieutenant's Gitting's section joined my own, and the company of Rhode Island Artillery, under Captain J. J. Comstock, was assigned to duty with the battery of boat howitzers. The column was then put in motion, but immediately thereafter I received orders from the general commanding to halt, throw out pickets, and await his arrival. The point at which this halt was made was some 2 1/2 or 3 miles from the landing. On the general's arrival the whole force advanced marching by the flank. Approaching Frampton's the sound of artillery was heard at the front, and I soon received orders to form column and move forward at the double-quick to support the First Brigade then engaged with the enemy. I here detailed half a company of the Seventh Connecticut Volunteers as a hospital guard, and the remainder of the same company, under Captain Tourtellotte, to assist the boat howitzers.

In obedience to further orders from the commanding general my leading regiment (the Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania) was thrown into the woods, 200 yards to the left of the road, to protect the left flank of the first line and the Seventh Connecticut and Third New Hampshire were deployed on the right and left, immediately in the rear of the batteries, which were maintaining a rapid fire. The brigade remained in this position for some time, the men lying down and thus escaping serious damage from the enemy's fire. Having received orders to that effect, I moved forward a short distance beyond the guns, while a charge upon the battery in our front was executed by troops of the First Brigade. The enemy being driven from their position, I was ordered to again advance and I attempted to do so in line; but finding the ground in front densely wooded, and intersected by a marsh that could only be crossed by a causeway, the regiments were brought into the road by the flank. After passing the causeway and reaching the firm and open ground beyond I threw them again into column, the Third New Hampshire and Seventh Connecticut on the right of the road and the Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania on the left.

Having advanced some distance in this formation the ground again became broken by woods and marshes, and I was again obliged to bring my men into the road and advance by the flank. Soon after coming into the road I received orders from the general commanding to send one regiment to the front on the double-quick, and to post another regiment, with one piece of artillery, on an obscure road, running into the Pocataligo road from the Coosawhatchie road, so as to protect the left of our forces from any attack from that direction. I sent forward the Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania, and went personally to post the Third New Hampshire and one boat howitzer in the directed position. Having accomplished this and coming to the front, I found the Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Seventh Connecticut already deployed on the left and right of the wood which borders the marshy banks of the Pocotaligo River, beyond

