
Artillery, under Major Rogers, which had been on the gunboat Marblehead, and directed him to halt his command and report his arrival to the general commanding. As fast as the regiments came in at the point they were placed in bivouac, in brigade lines, at right angles to the road, and a fresh supply of ammunition was served out. At midnight, in accordance with directions received from the general commanding, Major Rogers' detachment of the Third Rhode Island and the cavalry were thrown forward as pickets, with instructions to fire rockets as signals to the gunboats whose guns bore upon the approaches to our position, in case of the appearance of the enemy.

After my arrival I made details from the regiments of my own brigade to aid similar details from the First Brigade, who, under the immediate direction of the general commanding, were bringing in the wounded. As fast as they were brought in they were placed upon the transports, both officers and men, although very weary, working with great zeal and cheerfulness to succor their disabled comrades. The re-embarkation of the troops commenced at about 8 a.m. of the 23rd and was completed at sunset, the Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, three companies of which had been substituted for the Rhode Island detachment as pickets in the afternoon, being the last to leave the point.

In the afternoon several pickets and vedettes of the enemy were seen by our outposts, but they remained at a respectful distance and made no effort to annoy them.

During the whole of the 22nd nothing could surpass the coolness and firmness of both officers and men of my command. Where all have done their duty so manfully it is difficult to single out individuals for special commendation, but I desire to express my thanks to Colonels Hawley, Jackson, and Strawbridge to Lieutenant-Colonel Hall, and to Lieutenant E. Gittings, wounded, of the battery. The courage and good conduct of all these gentlemen deserve the highest approbation of the commanding general.

The Forty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers was for a short time under my immediate command, and, although they are not a portion of my brigade, I cannot forbear mentioning the steadiness and discipline displayed by this admirable regiment during our movements to the rear.

I desire also to bring to the notice of the commanding general the gallant manner in which Lieutenant Phoenix, U. S. Navy and the officers and men under his command, and the officers and men detailed to assist them, served the boat howitzers during the day.

My thanks are due also to a civilian, Mr. S. A. Cooley, the sutler of the Sixth Connecticut Regiment, who, under no obligations of duty but prompted solely by motives of humanity, labored most energetically and effectively throughout the night, superintending the boats used in carrying the wounded on board the transports.

I am under great obligations to Dr. D. J. McKibbin, surgeon of volunteers, acting as brigade surgeon to the Second Brigade, for his unwearied efforts in behalf of the wounded, and to the members of my personal staff, Captain Theodore Bacon, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieuts. Adrian Terry, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, and Martin S. James, Third Rhode Island Artillery aides-de-camp, who conveyed my orders under the heaviest fire with a zeal, activity, and courage that left nothing to be desired.

