
schoner has just come up from the south and is now at anchor along-side with sails up. A large steamer under sail and steam passed by and spoke the gunboats. A small boat rows about among them and the clothes are hanging on the line of the larger gunboat.

Very respectfully,

E. CAPERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WALKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Secessionville, S. C.

P. S.-The schooner is threatening out channel.

FORT PALMETTON, S. C.,

May 20, 1862-12 m.

CAPTAIN: The schooner evidently brought buoys, for five barges, after being engaged in sounding, went up to her, came off, and have planted a buoy in the channel, or at its mouth, just opposite this fort. The buoy formerly on the bar over Folly has disappeared. the largest of the three gunboats is now about to join the two smaller from the direction of Charleston Bar.

E. CAPERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

MAY 20, 1862.- Affair on Crooked River, Fla.

Report of Captain Haley T. Blocker, Beauregard Rangers, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Gladden, Wakulla County, Fla., May 21, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on yesterday morning, at 3.30 o'clock, I left this camp with a detachment of 33 men for Crooked River, at which point we arrived at 1 p. m. In a short time after our arrival I discovered a boat leaving the blockading vessel and approaching the mouth of said river. I immediately placed my men in ambush on Carr's Hill, and when the boat came opposite we opened fire on the enemy and killed or wounded all the party of 21 except 4. It gives me pleasure to state that my men acted gallantly throughout the whole affair. There was no one hurt on our side, although our fire was returned from the boat. Had my men been properly armed not one of the enemy could have escaped.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

H. T. BLOCKER,

Captain, Commanding Beauregard Rangers.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN,

Commanding Dept. of Middle and East Florida, Tallahassee, Fla.

2 R R-VOL XIV

