
and the party turned about, but the favorable moment had passed. Daylight appeared before they got back to the spot and they kept on to Mackay's Point, where they found our troops debarking, the enemy of course having fled.

Lieutenant Smith, of the Third New Hampshire who accompanied Captain Gray as far as the tug boat Relief towed the party, and then went up the Pocotaligo with 12 men, is reported to have been more successful, and to have captured several of the enemy.

The Boston reached Mackay's Point about 8 a.m. on the 22nd and the regiment promptly debarked and formed line. The Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania, Colonel Strawbridge, of this brigade, being already on shore took the lead, following the First Brigade, Colonel Chatfield commanding. After the delays and halts, arising from causes of which I know nothing the two brigades marched on. At about 12. 30 o'clock we heard artillery firing in advance of the column, and moving on rapidly at double-quick we passed evidences of the commencing conflict, and by General Terry's order, I detailed half of my fifth company, under Lieutenant Greene, as a guard for the field hospital being established. They did their duty faithfully for fifteen hours, and rendered great aid to the wounded, constructing temporary litters with saplings and strips of their won blankets, bringing off the disabled &amp;c., there being no occasion to resist the enemy. A few minutes after, by the general's order, I detailed the remainder of the fifth company, under Captain Tourtellotte and Lieutenant Phillips to guard and help to draw the three boat howitzers. They did not fail in their duty for a moment. The remaining five companies, by the general's order, formed column by company and continued advancing. Approaching the two strips of thick wood, divided by a marsh and crossed by the road nearly at right angles, General Terry ordered us into line on the right of the brigade, and we halted. Advancing a few paces the brigade again halted (see A on sketch), and the men lay down, the enemy's artillery and infantry keeping up a lively fire, which more particularly endangered the regiments (Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania and Third New Hampshire) on our left. Some minutes passed, our artillery working fiercely, and the First Brigade, which had been hotly engaged, reforming its lines. A general advance followed, there being one brief halt (B) after jumping the ditch.

*MAP

The thick and almost impassable wood was entered and the marsh soon reached (C), but the enemy had left the opposite bank. As the general ordered, we moved by the left flank until we touched the road, then counter-marched to bring my right to cross the causeway, which

