
after a halt we did at a lively pace, following the Sixth Regiment of Connecticut Volunteers. A rapid march of 2 or 3 miles followed, much of it at double-quick; but the men endured it remarkably well. The sounds of a renewed fight reached us, and we hurried along the narrow road through a heavy wood toward the front, where I was ordered to file to the right into the wood. I obeyed, changing direction a little to the right to go behind the reserve of the Fourth New Hampshire (A, second sketch), halted (B), reported and was instructed that my duty was to hold the position and the marsh in front at all hazards. Moving by the left flank a little, and throwing forward my right, so as to bring my line more nearly perpendicular to the road, I dressed the line, halted

*MAP

(C), and ordered the men to lie down the artillery of the enemy sending occasional missiles in our direction, one of which instantly killed Private James Cook, of Company I, and wounded one or two others. I found near me a small reserve of the Fourth New Hampshire and sending forward to the edge of the wood skirting the marsh I learned that more of that regiment were there deployed as skirmishers and maintaining a dropping fire. They returned word that they could hold their position if well supported. I informed their commanding officer, Colonel Bell, and rested, having no instructions to transmit to any other regiment.

General Terry soon ordered me to send forward our Sharps riflemen to the edge of the wood to work upon the enemy's battery across the marsh. I ordered forward Companies A and B, Captains Chamberlain and Burdick (Captain Sanford, acting major, superintending the movement), the men to be deployed at short intervals (E and E). There were nearly 100 of them, and they opened a fire of astonishing rapidity, with sights ranging from 400 to 600 yards, and I much believe with accuracy, for the enemy's field pieces, and even his infantry fire, were silenced in a very few moments. Again receiving General Terry's instructions the regiment rose up and moved in good line to join Companies A and B at the edge of the wood (F), and commenced firing

