
General Terry has already received a substantially accurate statement of our losses; but I append the official report of Dr. Porter.* A number of slight contusions and grazes were not entered on the list.

For every officer and non-commissioned officer (save possibly one of the latter) I have none but words of unqualified praise. The captains have made written reports by name of all privates who failed to keep the ranks throughout. The list is very small, and those against whom the suspicion of cowardice or desertion arises are very few indeed. Of the regiment as a body it is precisely true that it was regular, steady, promptly obedient, and fully under control every moment. I do not know what more I could have asked of it or asking could have obtained.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY

Colonel Seventh Connecticut Volunteers.

Captain THEODORE BACON

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Tenth Army Corps.

Numbers 14. Report of Colonel John H. Jackson, Third New Hampshire Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRD NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Hilton Head, S. C., October 26, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to present the following report:

Agreeably to Special Orders, Numbers 5. from Headquarters Second Brigade dated October 21, 1862, I reported with 480 men at the head of the wharf at 1 p.m.,and received orders to embark 100 men on board the Patron and Uncas. The remainder of my command embarked on board the steamer Boston.

Between 10 and 11 o'clock at night I was ordered to detail 2 officers and 32 men to cut off some pickets of the enemy. One of the officers, with 20 men, reported to Captain Gray, of the Seventh Connecticut Volunteers. The remaining officer, with 12 men, with an officer and boat's crew from the Paul Jones, went in another direction and captured a picket. The report of Lieutenant Smith, commanding this detachment, please find inclosed, marked A.+

In the morning about 8 o'clock I disembarked, and soon after received orders to advance. A short time after our advance had engaged the enemy I received orders to form in line of battle in the rear of and a little to the left of one of our batteries which position I took under a severe fire of the enemy. Most of their fire, however, was too high, and passed over our heads.

I soon received orders to again advance and after advancing some distance was ordered to position on the left of our forces, with one piece of marine artillery, to guard against any attempt of the enemy to turn our left flank.

I remained in this position some time, and received orders to send forward the piece of artillery then with me. About dark I received orders to draw in my advance and retire from my position and take a new our forces, had all passed me.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 148.

+Not found.

---------------

