
After all had passed me and a company of cavalry with one piece of artillery, had taken position in the road I had orders to retire. After retiring and taking a new position near the river I sent out, by order, a number of details one of 100 men, to assist in removing the wounded. During the day 3 of my command were wounded.*

During the forenoon of Thursday, the 23rd the men of my command were embarked, according to orders received and arrived at this camp during that night and Friday morning, when the last were landed.

During the expedition the officers and the men generally did their duty faithfully. I returned with three companies of my regiment on the Paul Jones; and would take this opportunity to present my thanks and those of my officers and men who ere with me to the commander of the Paul Jones, also to his officers and men, for the kind treatment we all received while on board. All my officers and men who were in this expedition speak highly of the treatment they received while on board the gunboats.

Dr. Buzzell, of my regiment, was untiring in his efforts to make the wounded as comfortable as possible. My command is now all in camp, and ready and willing to move again at short notice.

The property captured by Lieutenant Smith is mentioned in his report. One of the fowling-pieces was taken by Serg. Nathaniel J. Campbell, of his company, who expressed a strong desire to have the piece. If it can be done, I hope his wish will be gratified.

With respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. JACKSON.

Colonel Third New Hampshire Volunteers.

Captain BACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 15. Report of Colonel De Witt C. Strawbridge, Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTY-SIXTH Regiment PA. VOLS.,Hilton Head, S. C., October -, 1862

CAPTAIN: In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 5, received from Headquarters Second Brigade, Tenth Army Corps, I embarked on board of the steamer Flora and Water Witch (gunboat) on the 21st instant, Broad River, to Mackay's Point, where we disembarked, with about 280 men, on the morning of the 22d, and thence proceeded toward Pocotaligo Creek, and about 5 or 6 miles out.

By your order my command was deployed into the wood on the left of the road and remained there until ordered forward, when I proceeded through the wood in line, and, crossing quite a swamp, proceeded forward, in column of company until ordered into the road, then receiving orders to push forward at double-quick to support the First Artillery and occupied the extreme left where my regiment was properly formed across the road leading to Pocotaligo, and there opened up a brisk fire, in support of the artillery, and, finding a large number of rebel cavalry were verging around on my left, I immediately prolonged my

---------------

*Nominal list omitted. See p. 148.

---------------

