
MAY 21, 1862.-Affair near Battery Island, S. C.

Report of Colonel C. H. Stevens, Twenty-fourth South Carolina Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH REGIMENT S. C. VOLS.,Secessionville, S. C., May 21, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, under date of 20th instant, I this morning detailed 60 men from Company E, Captain Jones, and posted them as pickets near Battery Island. The most advanced post was located at the old magazine, at the northernmost end of the Battery Island works, and consisted of 1 sergeant, 1 corporal, and 4 men. The sent post was in a thicket some 250 yards nearer the causeway leading from Battery to James Island, and the main support of 20 men was posted in the James Island woods near the road, with the relief of 30 men at a point inthe rear not far from the old Legare settlement.

At about 11 a. m. the sergeant in charge of the advanced picket sent back a messenger to Captain Jones, in charge of his support, that a small boat had left one of the steamers lying near the obstructions in the Stono River and was approaching the shore. Before any support could be sent forward one of the enemy's gunboats passed up the river and took a position enfilading the bridge and causeway, where she commenced throwing grape and shrapnel, completely cutting off all communication with the pickets and closing their line of retreat. It is supposed that on finding themselves cut off and forgetting the barge which had been seen approaching they entered the magazine to protect themselves from the fire of the vessel and were made prisoners by he landing party. The second picket withdrew in time and escaped. The fire of the enemy was very severe and penetrated the cover of the detachment in every direction. The men wee then very prudently withdrawn until the firing ceased, when they resumed their first positions, except the picket at the magazine, which was not re-established.

Toward evening I retired the whole picket farther in the direction of Legare's, one vessel having gone down the river to Cole's Island and the two others dropped down to the line of piles.

I beg to commend to your favorable consideration the men who were captured, and should an opportunity offer for exchange would be much gratified to have them returned to the regiment: Sergt. Samuel white, Corpl. Calvin Wilson, Privates Adam Carter, Charles Carter, B. C. Hutson, Andrew Hutson.

I am, very respectfully,

C. H. STEVENS,

Colonel, Twenty-fourth Regiment South Carolina Vols.

Captain JOSEPH WALKER, A. A. G., Secessionville, S. C.

MAY 22, 1862.-Expedition to John's Island, S. C.

Report of Brigadier General Nathan G. Evans, C. S. Army, commanding Third Military District of South Carolina.
HDQRS. THIRD MILITARY DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA,Adams Run, S. C., May 23, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I proceeded to John's Island yesterday with Colonel John Dunovant's command-eight companies of

