
artillery was entirely silenced and withdrawn early in the action. One piece of the Beaufort Artillery was most judiciously withdrawn during the battle, and posted 300 yards on my right, under Sergeant-Major Fuller. It was retired by a cross-road, unseen by the enemy, and had all the effect of a re-enforcement from its new and unexpected position. It fired spherical case and the practice was excellent. At the crisis of the fight I ordered up the Charleston Light Dragoons. That gallant corps come forward with an inspiriting shout and took position on my left, which wanted strengthening.

I had been notified by telegraph that re-enforcements were on the way from Charleston and Savannah and Adams Run. The Nelson [Seventh South Carolina] Battalion, of 200 men, Captain [W. H.] Sligh [Company C] commanding was the only re-enforcement that arrived in time for the fight, about an hour and a half before its close. As soon as this corps made its appearance near the field I ordered one half to a position commanding a causeway some 600 yards on my right to protect my flank and the remainder was deployed to the front to relieve my exhausted men. The arrival of this battalion gave me assurance of victory. I felt perfectly certain of success. The two companies sent to my right under Captain [J. H.] Brookss [Company H, Seventh South Carolina Battalion] were well handled; one was deployed as skirmishers and was subjected to a scattering fire. Their appearance threatened the enemy's flank and no doubt hastened his retreat. The enemy continued their fire until 6 p.m. when it slackened and ceased.

I then sent a squad of 6 men of the Rutledge Mounted Riflemen over the bridge to ascertain the position of the enemy. The bridge was in so damaged a condition that it was some time before the infantry could cross. The cavalry were obliged to make a circuit of 5 miles to reach to head of the road by which the enemy had retreated. This enabled them to retire unmolested. As soon as the cavalry arrived I sent two companies-Second Lieutenant L. J. Walker commanding Rutledge Mounted Riflemen and Captain Kirk's Partisan Rangers-to follow up the retreat. I was reluctant to send a larger force,, as I did not know the result of the contest at Coosawhatchie, and, from the telegraph wire being cut, was fearful it was disastrous to our arms. A locomotive was dispatched from Pocotaligo Station by my aide, Mr. R. M. Fuller, and 2 couriers by myself, to that point to reconnoiter, while I held my force while I held my force at the junction of the Mackay's Point and Coosawhatchie roads ready to operate either way. The cavalry companies had proceeded but 5 1/2 miles in pursuit when they were stopped by a bridge completely torn up and destroyed by the enemy in their flight. This could not be repaired until morning. There were abundant evidences that the retreat of the enemy was precipitate and disordered; 100 small-arms were picked up and a considerable amount of stores and ammunition. The road was strewn with he debris of the beaten foe. Forty-six of the enemy's dead were found on the battle-field and road-side. Seven fresh graves were discovered at Mackay's Point. I estimate their total killed and wounded at 300.

The fight, from the first fire of our advance to the final retreat of the enemy, lasted from 11.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. We had ample reason to believe that our small force not only fought against great odds, but against fresh troops brought up to replace those first engaged. The entire command had been earnestly warned in orders not to waste their fire. This caution was urged upon them during the action by the commanding officer, his aides, and the company officers. I am satisfied from my own observation they fired with care and judgment, and yet

