
some of our men expended 80 rounds of cartridges in the battle. The close vicinity of the ordnance train, under its energetic chief, Captain W. W. Elliott, enabled me to keep ut the supply.

I beg to express my admiration of the remarkable courage and tenacity with which the troops held their ground. The announcement of my determination to maintain my position until re-enforcements arrived seemed to fix them to the spot with unconquerable resolution. The rapid and continuous volleys of the enemy's musketry were only intermitted while fresh troops were being brought up and while those engaged were retired.

The Beaufort Volunteer Artillery fought with great courage and their pieces were admirable served. Captain Stephen Elliott, whose name is identified with the history of the defense of this coast by many a daring exploit, behaved with his accustomed coolness, skill, and determination.

Captain Trenholm, in command of the cavalry again exhibited high qualities as a soldier on the same ground where he had won his first laurels.

Captain Edwards, Company B, First Battalion (cavalry), showed good conduct in the command of his company.

Lieutenant Walker, commanding the Rutledge Mounted Riflemen, displayed judgment and daring. His company were as steady as veterans, using their rifles with great precision and effect. When the battle was hottest I ordered Lieutenant Walker to take a squad of his men and assist the Beaufort Artillery to remove one of their pieces farther to the rear. This was most gallantly done under a very severe fire.

Lieutenant Massie, of the Nelson Light Artillery, was active and energetic in the service of his guns.

Captain Rutledge of the Charleston Light Dragoons, was cool and collected in both fights. His gallant corps was held in reserve, and when they took up their position came with a most inspiriting cheer, which the men engaged returned thus giving the impression to the enemy of decided re-enforcements.

The Government is greatly indebted to Captain Sligh and his brave battalion for their timely aid. Captain Sligh behaved with marked coolness and courage.

Captain

------

and Lieutenant

-------

,* who came immediately under my notice, showed zeal and bravery.

I have again to commend the conduct of Lieutenant R. M. Skinner, acting adjutant of the First Battalion (cavalry). He was among the foremost on the field until disabled by a severe wound in the arm.

Inclosed is Colonel Colcock's report of the engagement of Coosawhatchie. It will be seen that his command behaved with spirit and success. The most important point to defend was the railroad bridge over to Coosawhatchie River. From this the enemy were very quickly driven by our artillery fire, but they succeeded in penetrating to a point on the railroad west of the bridge before the cavalry arrived, one or two rails only being torn up and the telegraph wire cut. The damage was repaired in a very few minutes.

After the enemy had retired to their gunboats the cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel [T. H.] Johnson, fired with effect upon their crowded decks.

To the following gentlemen acting as my personal staff, I desire to

---------------

*The names of these officers, though repeatedly requested, have not yet been learned. The commanding officer of the battalion has received instruction to forward them to department headquarters-W. S. W.

---------------

