
express my thanks for their zeal, gallantry, and intelligent discharge of duty; Captain [H. J.] Hartstene, C. S. Navy, naval aide; Captain W. W. Elliott, ordnance officer; Capts. George P. Elliott and John [H.] Screven Corpl. D. Walker and Privates Fripp and Martin of the Rutledge Mounted Riflemen and E. B. Bell, of the Seventeenth Battalion (cavalry) South Carolina Volunteers.

Privates F. F. Davant and Ion. Simons,of the Charleston Light Dragoons had their horses shot and afterwards fought with their company on foot.

My aide, Mr. R. M. Fuller, rendered valuable service by the intelligent discharge of his duty at the telegraph office. The Messrs. Cuthbert-father and son-gave me useful assistance.

Privates Fripp and Bell were seriously and Private Martin slightly wounded. Captain Hartstene's horse was wounded and Corporal Walker's killed. The judgment, coolness, and gallantry displayed by Captain Hartstene were as conspicuous on land as he has hitherto shown on sea.

I must express my indebtedness to Mr. Buckhalter of the Charleston and Savannah Railroad for valuable services and for the resolution and courage with which he urged a train filled with troops, after the engineer had been killed, through an ambuscade of the enemy to Coosawhatchie.

When the engagement was over ample re-enforcements arrived from Savannah and Charleston. The enemy's gunboats remained in a commanding position off Mackay's Point on the 23d, covering their embarkation. My force could not be moved nearer than 2 miles without being exposed to a destructive fire. A detachment of cavalry under Captain Trenholm closely watched their operations, occasionally saluted by their shells.

On the night of the 23rd Sergeant Robinson, of the Rutledge Mounted Riflemen made a reconnaissance up to the extreme point, and discovered that the enemy had abandoned the main-land. Early on the morning of the 24th their gunboats had disappeared.

I inclose a list* of the casualties and a sketch+ of the positions at which the different conflicts took place.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 21. Report of Captain W. W. Elliott, C. S. Army, Ordnance Officer Third Military District of South Carolina.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Pocotaligo, S. C., November 17, 1862

GENERAL: I respectfully beg leave to submit a report of ammunition captured from the enemy on October 22 at the battle of Yemassee and Pocotaligo:

---------------

*Not found, but see Report Numbers 19, p. 180

+Not found.

---------------

