
Nineteen rifle (3-inch) shells, loose; 5 boat-howitzer cases, of which Numbers 1 contains 14 rifle (3-inch) shells for 6-pounder; Numbers 2 contains 14 rounds fixed shot for 6-pounders; Numbers 3 contains 2 canisters (12-pound), 9 cartridges [and] 1 12-pounder shot; Numbers 4. contains 3 canisters (12-pound) 2 6-pounder shell and 1 6-pound shot; No. 5 contains 4 canister (12-pound), 2 12-pound spherical-case, [and] 1 6-pound shell. Also 46 rifles and muskets of different make and caliber, some of which have been issued in the place of those injured in the fight by our own men.

I certify the above to be a correct statement.

Very respectfully,

W. W. ELLIOTT,

Ordnance Officer of Third Military District.

Brigadier General W. S. WALKER

Numbers 22. Reports of Colonel C. J. Colcock, C. S. Army, Third South Carolina Cavalry.

GRAHAMVILLE, S. C., November 4, 1862

SIR: A little after 9 o'clock on the morning of October 22 it was reported to me unofficially that about daylight that morning the Abolition fleet, consisting of fourteen steamers with numerous barges attached, had proceed up Broad River. Prostrated by a protracted spell of fever, from which I had just begun to convalesce, I was too weak to take the field, but resumed the command of my post. I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson to take command of the small force at my disposal which consisted as you are aware, of five companies of cavalry and two companies of sharpshooters of Major [Joseph] Abney's battalion [First Battalion South Carolina Sharpshooters], who was in command, and to proceed with the least possible delay toward Coosawhatchie, to which point I was informed that a portion of the enemy's fleet was advancing.

On arriving at Bee's Creek Hill, 4 miles from Coosawhatchie, Colonel Johnson was informed that a portion of the Abolition forces was landing at Seabrook Island, in his rear, a point which indicated and attack upon this place. To meet this he had to divide his command and leave three companies in the vicinity of Bee's Creek Hill. This information was subsequently ascertained to be incorrect, but too late to make use of these forces in the defense of Coosawhatchie. Proceeding with three companies of cavalry toward that point, upon arriving within 2 miles of it he ascertained that the enemy had already landed from a gunboat and barges lying a little below the ocean landing, and was advancing his column toward the direction of Bee's Creek Hill. He immediately dismounted his men and formed them as skirmishers to meet the expected attack. This movement, however, was only a feint, as they soon about-faced and advanced toward Coosawhatchie. The ground being unfavorable for a charge-the effect of which would have necessarily been attended with severe loss to the cavalry, with a prospect of little injury to the enemy-Colonel Johnson very judiciously made a detour to the left, hoping to cut them off before they reached Coosawhatchie.

About this time the train, with a portion of Colonel [D. H.] Ellis' [Eleventh South Carolina] regiment and Captain [Robert] Chisolm's

