
70 or 80 men. The next morning not a sign of the Abolition fleet was to be seen in the upper waters of Broad River.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. J. COLCOCK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. H. BARNWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRAHAMVILLE, S. C., November 11, 1862

SIR: Two hours after this train passed Grahamville another train arrived from Savannah with the Thirty-second and ---- Georgia Regiments, under the command of the gallant Colonel [George P.] Harrison [jr.]. Unfortunately they arrived at Coosawhatchie after the enemy had retired, and thus were denied the pleasure, which they seemed earnestly to desire, of having a brush with the Abolitionists.

In making my official report of the incidents of October 22 last. I omitted to mention the arrival of the re-enforcements from Georgia. If not too late to be embraced in General Walker's official report I will thank you to insert the above paragraph immediately after that commencing, "The particulars of this disastrous affair I will not refer to," &amp;c.

Yours, very respectfully,

C. J. COLCOCK,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant E. H. BARNWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 23. Report of Colonel Claudius C. Wilson, C. S. Army, Twenty-fifth Georgia Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES NEAR GARSTON'S BLUFF,October 24, 1862

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from General Mercer the Twenty-fifth and Thirtieth Regiments were at the depot of the Charleston Railroad at 12 o'clock Wednesday night. We were detained at the depot a little time, perhaps two hours, waiting for the train to be prepared. The superintendent of transportation of the road stated that he had expected the train which had carried Colonel Harrison's command to carry us. This train having been detained caused the delay.

On arriving at Grahamville I received a note from Colonel Colcock, commanding at that point, stating that Colonel Harrison and his command were safe at Coosawhatchie and that the enemy's boats were retiring toward Broad River, and advising me to proceed to Coosawhatchie, and my trains to be prepared to move to any point where the attack might be renewed. We proceeded to Coosawhatchie accordingly, arriving about 8 o'clock a.m. on Thursday. The forces at that point were Twenty-fifth Thirtieth, Thirty-second, and Forty-seventh Regiments; six companies of South Carolina Infantry; La Fayette Artillery, four guns; Terrell Artillery, four guns, and a section of the Beaufort Artillery. From the best information I could obtain but a small force of the Abolitionists approached Coosawhatchie, not more probably than a few

