
companies. This force reached the railroad about half a mile this side of Coosawhatchie on Wednesday, about 4 o'clock p.m., just as the train from Hardeeville, containing the Eleventh South Carolina Regiment came along. They fired into this train, killing Major Harrison, Eleventh South Carolina Regiment, the fireman on the train, and wounding the engineer. This train passed on rapidly, and the Abolitionists proceeded to cut down two telegraph posts and to take up four rails of the road. Before they had time to do any further injury, however, they took fright either at the noise of Colonel Harrison's train approaching or of a few horsemen on the road in their boats, tearing up all the bridges behind them on the road leading from Bee's Creek. A negro on the train of the Eleventh South Carolina Regiment jumped off at the time it was fired into, and going back on the railroad met Colonel Harrison's train and informed Colonel Harrison of the attack. Being advised of the state of affairs, Colonel Harrison advanced cautiously to the point where the rails were taken, repaired the road, and reached Coosawhatchie about 9 p.m.

On arriving at Coosawhatchie being, the senior officer present, I assumed command of the forces assembled there, and preceded at once to reconnoiter the position to strengthen pickets already thrown out, and to cover all the approaches with small outposts. Orders were then issued prescribing the order of formation in case of attack, the point for assembling, appointing a field officer of the day, and making such dispositions as seemed necessary to prevent confusion in case of an alarm. No further demonstrations were made, however, by the Abolitionists and on yesterday morning all the gunboats had retired from Coosawhatchie River. On receiving orders yesterday to return I turned the command over to Lieutenant-Colonel Gantt, Eleventh South Carolina Infantry, and have now the honor to report that the entire Georgia force returned yesterday without casualty, and are now in their several camps.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

C. C. WILSON,

Colonel, Commanding Re-enforcements from Georgia at Coosawhatchie.

Captain GEORGE A. MERCER,

Assistant Adjutant-General

Numbers 24. Report of Lieutenant E. E. Jefferson, C. S. Army, Nelson Light Artillery,

(Virginia.)

CAMP ASHBY, S. C., October 24, 1862

CAPTAIN: Below please find report of the losses of Captain Lamkin's battery, Nelson Light Artillery in the two battle of the 22nd instant:*

We have but 17 sound horses left. We lost but one caisson, from the team running away with the limber early in the action and breaking it, the Yankees burning the rear chests and axle. One of our pieces and limber was struck sixteen times, another fourteen times. Splinter-bar of one caisson nearly broken in two by a shell, a ball through the chests,

---------------

*Nominal list shows 4 men killed and 2 officers (Lieutenants Jefferson and F. T. Massie) and 14 men wounded.

---------------

