
and several wheels injured. We had other men slightly injured, but as they are on duty I did not think it necessary to report them.

Very respectfully, yours,

E. E. JEFFERSON,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Nelson Light Arty., Va., Vols.,

Captain A. G. TALLEY, Acting Adjutant.

OCTOBER 24, 1862. - Affair on Saint Helena Island, S. C.

Report of Brigadier General Rufus Saxton, U. S. Army.

BEAUFORT, S. C., October 26, 1862

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on Friday last two boat loads of rebels attempted to land on Saint Helena Island, and were fired on and driven off by the negro pickets. The people there are somewhat alarmed. I respectfully request that a picket guard of a non-commissioned officer and 12 men be sent there to give confidence to the people.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. SAXTON,

Brigadier-General, Volunteers

Major-General MITCHEL.

NOVEMBER 3-10, 1862. - Expedition along the coasts of Georgia and East Florida.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Rufus Saxton, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel Oliver T. Bear, Forty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Rufus Saxton, U. S. Army.

BEAUFORT, S. C., November 12, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to inclose, for your information, the report of an expedition which I sent on the steamer Darlington up the rivers and lagoons on the coasts of Georgia and Florida between Saint Simon's Island and Fernandina:

The expedition was composed of Colonel Oliver T. Beard, Forty-eighth New York Volunteers; Rev. Mansfield French, chaplain, U. S. Army, and Captain Trowbridge, with his company (A), of the First South Carolina Volunteers (colored). I had two objects in view in sending this expedition. The first was to prove the fighting qualities of the negroes (which some have doubted), and the other was to bring away the people from the main-land, destroy all rebel salt-works, and to break up the rebel picket stations along the line of the coast.

I am happy to report that in every point of view the expedition

