
infantry, the Marion Artillery, and two companies of cavalry-with the intention of driving the enemy, should he be found, off the islands to his gunboats. Leaving Colonel Means' and Colonel Slaughter's regiments as a reserve at Church Flats, with the force above named I made a thorough reconnaissance of both islands and found that the enemy had returned to their ships. All the wagons [negroes?] were immediately ordered to be removed, and the troops had collected about 200 before I left, and are now at Church Flats. As there are greater accommodations in the city, I have directed them to be sent to workhouse to be fed and taken care of by the owners. I was compelled to issue rations to them till provisions could be secured from the different plantations. I have still one infantry [company] and cavalry on John's Island removing the negroes and destroying whatever cotton is found. When this works is finished I will withdraw all the force except four companies of cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, S. C.

MAY 25, 1862.-Affair between James and Dixon's Islands, S. C.

Report of Brigadier General S. R. Gist, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS JAMES ISLAND AND DEPENDENCIES,Secessionville, S. C., May 25, 1862-8 p. m.

SIR: I have the honor to report to only occurrence of interest after the departure to-day of the brigadier-general commanding:

Captain Bonneau's gunboat was left by the steamer Chesterfield at the bridge between Dixon's and James Islands this morning. the enemy perceiving the steamer Chesterfield as she was placing Captain Bonneau's gunboat in position fired into hear and inflicted a slight injury. The captain of the Chesterfield as she was placing Captain Bonneau's boat and ran off the Secessionville. On my arrival here about 5 p. m. I ordered the Chesterfield back to bring off the gunboat. Captain Bonneau, being left at the bridge, was directed to return the enemy's fire, but not to fire first. The enemy's gunboats in passing the opening between Dixon's and James Islands discovered and opened fire on Captain Bonneau's boat. The fire was promptly returned by Captain Booneau. The enemy fired some five or six shots; Captain Bonneau some fifteen, when the enemy retired toward Cole's Island, out of sight and out of range. Captain Bonneau is confident that he struck the enemy's boat twice; his own boat was untouched. Colonel Stevens reports that Captain Bonneau and his men handled their guns with great accuracy and behaved with admirable coolness. After the enemy's boats had retired the Chesterfield went down and brought off our boat. I have directed Captain Bonneau to resume his former position near Morris Island.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

S. R. GIST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain LEO. D. WALKER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

