
worked day and night without intermission; and, though short of provisions, I heard not a murmur.

On the last expedition the fact was developed that colored men would fight behind barricades; this time they have proved, by their heroism, that they will fight in the open field.

Captain Trowbridge aided me greatly. Captain Crandel of the Darlington, I found a trifling, childish pest. Captain Meriam of the gunboat Madgie, rendered me valuable assistance.

I cannot forbear to make Honorable mention of Captain Hallett, of the Ben De Ford. With a man of less nerve and less capacity I would not have dared to take so large as steamer to such a place, hence I could not have obtained so valuable a cargo.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. T. BEARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel Forty-eighth New York Volunteers.

Brigadier General RUFUS SAXTON, U. S. Vols., Mil. Gov., Dept. of the South.

JANUARY 23-FEBRUARY 1, 1863. - Expedition from Beaufort, S. C., up the Saint Mary's River, in Georgia and Florida.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Rufus Saxton, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Colonel T. W. Higginson, First South Carolina Infantry (Union).

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Rufus Saxton.

BEAUFORT, S. C., February 2, 1863

SIR: I have the honor to forward for your information the report of Colonel T. W Higginson, First South Carolina Volunteers, of an expedition made by a portion of his regiment up the Saint Mary's River, in Georgia and Florida.

It gives me pleasure to report that the expedition accomplished every object I had in view in sending it and was a complete success. Great credit is due to Colonel Higginson for his bravery and skill in penetrating so far into the interior of a country filled with a wary, active foe, with so small a force. It foreshadows clearly the very important advantages which might result to our cause by the extensive arming of the blacks. I am laboring diligently toward this end in this department, but the limited extent of our lines renders it impossible for them to get to me in any very great numbers. The establishment of posts on the main land would enable them to do so. No one knows better than the traitors now in arms against our Government the great element of strength which the cause of liberty and the Union has in the hearts and muscles of these loyal blacks. In my humble opinion it would be no misapplication of the best energies of the Government should they now be directed toward the arming and disciplining of every one that can be brought within our lines.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. SAXTON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

