
of magnanimity, and by the advice of Colonel Hawley I have brought them for your disposal.

At the same place we obtained a cannon and a flag, which I respectfully ask for the regiment to retain. We obtained also some trophies of a different description from a slave-jail, which I shall offer for your personal acceptance-three sets of stocks, of different structure, the chains and staples used for confining prisoners to the floor, and the key of the building. They furnish good illustrations of the infernal barbarism against which we contend.

We returned at the appointed time, although there are many other objects which I wish to effect, and our rations are not nearly exhausted; but the Ben De Ford is crowded with freight and the ammunition of the John Adams is running low. Captain Hallett has been devoted to our interests as was also, until his lamented death, the brave Captain Clifton.

Of the Planter I have hitherto said nothing, as her worn-out machinery would have made her perfectly valueless but for the laborious efforts of Captain Eldridge and her engineer, Mr. Barker, aided by the unconquerable energy of Captain Trowbridge, of Company A, who had the command on board. Thanks to this they were enabled during our absence up the Saint Mary's to pay attention to the salt-works along the coast.

Finding that the works at King's Bay, formerly destroyed by this regiment had never been rebuilt, they proceeded 5 miles up Crooked River, where salt-works were seen. Captain Trowbridge, with Captain Rogers' company (F) and 30 men, marched 2 miles across a marsh, drawing a boat with them, then sailed up a creek and destroyed the works. There were 22 large boilers, 2 store-houses, a large quantity of salt, 2 canoes, with barrels, vats, and all things appertaining.

I desire to make Honorable mention not only of the above officers but of Major Strong, Captain James, Company B; Captain Randolph; Company C; Captain Metcalf, Company G, and Captain Dolly, Company H. Indeed, every officer did himself credit so far as he had opportunity, while the cheerfulness and enthusiasm of the the men made it a pleasure to command them.

We found no large number of slaves anywhere; yet we brought away several whole families, and obtained by this means the most valuable information. I was interested to observe that the news of the President's proclamation produced a marked effect upon them, and in one case it was of the greatest service to us in securing the hearty aid of a guide, who was timid and distrustful until he heard that he was legally free, after which he aided us gladly and came away with us.

My thanks are due for advice and information to Captain Steedman, U. S. Navy, of the steamer Paul Jones; to Acting Master Moses, U. S. Navy, of the bark Fernandina; to Acting Lieutenant Budd, U. S. Navy, of the steamer Potomska, for information and counsel; and especially to Lieutenant-Commander Hughes, U. S. Navy, of the steamer Mohawk, for 20 tons of coal, without which we could not have gone up the river.

I may state, in conclusion, that I obtained much valuable information not necessary to make public, in regard to the location of supplies of lumber iron rice, resin, turpentine, and cotton, and it would afford the officers and men of this regiment great pleasure to be constantly employed in obtaining the supplies for the Government from rebel sources; but they would like still better to be permitted to occupy some advanced point in the interior with a steamer or two like the John Adams and an adequate supply of ammunition. We could obtain to a

