
great extent our own provisions, could rapidly enlarge our numbers, and, could have information in advance of every movement against us. A chain of such posts would completely alter the whole aspect of the war in the sea-board slave States, and would accomplish what no accumulation of Northern regiments can so easily effect.

No officer in this regiment now doubts that they key to the successful prosecution of this war lies in unlimited employment of black troops. Their superiority lies simply in the fact that they know the country, while white troops do not, and moreover, that they have peculiarities of temperament position, and motive which belong to them alone. Instead of leaving their homes and families to fight they are fighting for their homes and families, and they show the resolution and the sagacity which a personal purpose gives. It would have been madness to attempt, with the bravest white troops what I have successfully accomplished with black ones. Everything, even to the piloting of the vessels and the selection of the proper points for cannonading was done by my own soldiers. Indeed the real conductor of the whole expedition up the Saint Mary's was Corpl. Robert Sutton, of Company G, formerly a slave upon the Saint Mary's River, a man of extraordinary qualities who needs nothing but a knowledge of the alphabet to entitle him to the most signal promotion. In every instance when I followed his advice the predicted result followed, and I never departed from it, however, slightly without finding reason for subsequent regret.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. HIGGINSON,

Colonel, Commanding First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Brigadier-General SAXTON,

Military Governor, &amp;c.

JANUARY 27, 1863. - Naval attack on Fort McAllister, Ga.

Report of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, commanding the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 28, 1863

Two enemy's gunboats and three steamers attacked for several hours yesterday Fort [McAllister], Genesis Point, on Great Ogeechee. Attack repulsed; nobody hurt in fort. Two steamers went out this harbor safely last night and one came in with various army supplies.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

JANUARY 29, 1863. - Expedition to Daufuskie Island, S. C.

Report of Captain J. H. Mickler, C. S. Army, commanding Battalion.

CAMP PALMETTO,

Bluffton, S. C., January 30, 1863

SIR: I beg leave respectfully to report to Lieutenant Colonel F. H. Gantt, commanding post, that, in consequence of information furnished me by

