
Mr.

------

Magee (a scout from district headquarters), I proceeded on yesterday the 29th instant, to Daufuskie Island, where I succeeded in capturing 12 negroes, the only occupants of the island. As they proved to be old persons, several of them imbeciles, I did not think proper to remove them. An examination of three hours disclosed a remarkable accumulation of valuable bed furniture, clothing, provisions, dry goods, and sundries, besides silver and gold coin to the amount of $188, which latter I have turned over for the use of the people of Fredericksburg. I have also reported to the quartermaster's department 1 keg and 2 bags of nails, 172 pounds of bacon, 2 muskets, and a shot-gun besides a small quantity of rope.

I was accompanied by 100 men from my company and 5 from company B, Eleventh Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, and Mr. Magee. Having only two boats of limited capacity I was able to bring off only a small proportion of the spoils. The men, however, succeeded in supplying themselves bountiful with many necessary articles of clothing, blankets, &amp;c. For prudential reasons I did not think proper to burn what I was unable to remove.

The men all behaved well. The value of the articles removed is not less than $2,000.

J. H. MICKLER,

Captain, Commanding Battalion at Bluffton.

C. F. DAVIS, Post Adjutant.

JANUARY 30, 1863. - Capture of U. S. steamer Isaac Smith, Stono River S. C.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1. - General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

Numbers 2. - Brigadier General Roswell S. Ripley, C. S. Army, commanding First Military District.

Numbers 3. - Lieutenant Colonel Joseph A. Yates, First South Carolina Artillery, commanding expedition.

Numbers 4. - Major J. Welsman Brown, Second Carolina Artillery.

Numbers 5. - Captain John H. Gary, Fifteenth South Carolina Heavy Artillery.

Numbers 1. Reports of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 30, 1863.

Enemy's gunboat Isaac Smith (eleven guns) surrendered to-day in the Stono to Lieutenant-Colonel Yates after a short engagement with siege rifle guns in open field.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

---------------

*For reports of Rear-Admiral DuPont, Lieutenant Commander George Bacon, and Acting Master F. S. Conover, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, dated December 7, 1863.

---------------

