
CHARLESTON, S. C., January 31, 1863

Trap laid for enemy's gunboat-steamer Isaac Smith in Stono River (nine guns, Captain Conover) succeeded perfectly yesterday. It surrendered unconditionally after a short struggle, badly crippled, having 8 killed, 14 wounded, and 95 prisoners, including 10 officers. Our loss only 1 mortally wounded.

* * * * *

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

General S. COOPER.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Roswell S. Ripley, C. S. Army, commanding First Military District.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,

Charleston, S. C., February 4, 1863

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copies of Special Orders, Nos. 36 and 38,* from these headquarters, and the reports of Lieutenant-Colonels Yates and Brown and Captain Gary, showing how they were executed. The successful capture of the steamer reflects the highest credit upon the officers and men engaged, and I heartily concur with the commendations of their respective commanders. A list of prisoners taken is also inclosed.* The only casualty on our side was the mortal wound of Private McQueen, of Alston's battalion of artillery.

The Isaac Smith is but slight damaged, and I hope soon to have her and her full armament ready for service. The sword of the commanding officer and the flags of the captured steamer are also transmitted herewith.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., February 6, 1863.

On or about the 20th ultimo I ordered General Ripley to have preparations made to surprise the enemy's gunboats in the Stono

by means of boats or barges with muffled oars. Shortly after he reported that probably it might be preferable to put eight or ten guns suddenly in position on the west side of the Stono during the night, so as to cut off the gunboats when they came up the river. This proposition was approved by me, provided the ground afforded cover for such a mode of attack. He offered to send Lieutenant Colonel J.[A.] Yates to make the necessary reconnaissance. This excellent officer went and reported favorably on his return. I then ordered the attack to be made with as many rifled siege guns and guns from the siege train as could find cover there from view, properly supported by infantry, guarding the approaches from Edisto

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

