
observed approaching, which steamed up within 1 1/8 miles of my position and fired a shot at the battery on John's Island. Finding that she did not intend going higher up, or that if she did so she might rescue or destroy the prize, as she now began to throw shot and shell at the latter, I opened my guns upon he with good effect. She replied, but without damage to us, and retreated down and across the river. I kept up fire until she got beyond range, striking her repeatedly. She continued to throw an occasional shot or shell toward the opposite side of the river until dark and during the night disappeared.

On Saturday morning [31st], at 8 o'clock, another gunboat approached and shelled the village of Legareville, also throwing several projectiles within our vicinity; but she did not come near enough to warrant my attacking her. In the afternoon she again steamed up and opened on the prize captured the night before and upon my batteries. I returned the fire, striking her several times, and she withdrew. The next morning (Saturday, 1st instant) I brought my guns back to this post in obedience to orders.

Both officers and men under my command behaved as well as possible. They were not only cool and prompt under fire, but proved themselves model soldiers by bearing without a murmur the hardships necessarily entailed by our position, for the weather, particularly during the night, was extremely severe, and the secrecy to be observed debarred the comforts of fire or shelter. I have no casualties to report.

I am, captain, yours, respectfully,

J. WELSMAN BROWN,

Major, Second South Carolina Volunteer Artillery.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain John H. Gary, Fifteenth South Carolina Heavy Artillery.

BATTERY MEANS,

James Island, S. C., February 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report:

Pursuant of Orders, Numbers 38, District Headquarters, I was detailed by Major [J. J.] Lucas, commanding Western Division, James Island, to take charge of the batteries stationed at Mr. Thomas Grimball's, James Island, consisting of three 24-pounder rifled guns, manned by detachments from Companies A, B, and C, Lucas' battalion of artillery, [Fifteenth South Carolina], Confederate States Provisional Army, commanded by Lieuts. W. G. Ogier, E. B. Colhoun, and Captain T. B. Hayne, respectively. Between the hours of 3 and 4 o'clock on the afternoon of the 30th ultimo the gunboat Isaac Smith made her appearance and anchored off Mr. Thomas Grimball's, some 500 yards distant from my showing no disposition to land I ordered my batteries to open fire, which they did in handsome style and apparently with great precision. The enemy immediately returned the fire with grape, canister, shell, and Parrot shot, at the same time slipping her cable and retreating down the river. While retreating the firing was kept up on both sides briskly. A grape-shot from the enemy struck the gun commanded by Captain

