
Hayne, but without damage. The firing was continued by my batteries until the Smith struck her flag.

I have no casualties to report. I cannot, however, close this report without calling attention to the gallantry and spirit displayed both by the officers and men whom I had the honor to command. I would also mention Messrs. H. W. Rice and Pettigrew Mellard, of the Signal Corps, as having rendered efficient service. Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. GARY,

Captain, Commanding Batteries at Thomas Grimball's.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 31, 1863.- Attack on Blockading Squadron off Charleston, S. C.

REPORTS, ETC.*

Numbers 1.- General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, with correspondence and proclamation.

Numbers 2.- Flag-Officer Duncan N. Ingraham, C. S. Navy.

Numbers 3.- Commander John R. Tucker, C. S. Navy.

Numbers 4.- Colonel Ambrose A. Lechler, One hundred and seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, et al.

Numbers 1. Report of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, with correspondence and proclamation.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 31, 1863.+

* * * * *

Last night Confederate gunboats Chicora and Palmetto State, under Commodore Ingraham, sank (outside) the steamer Mercedita. Captain Tuckner set fire to one vessel, which struck her flag, and thinks he sank another. Our loss and damage none. Enemy's whole fleet has dispersed north and south. I am going to proclaim blockade of Charleston raised.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., January 31, 1863.

Baron de ST. ANDRE,

Consul of France, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: I am instructed to call your attention officially to the fact that the Confederate States naval forces on this station this morning, about the hour of 5 o'clock, attached the United States Blockading Squadron off the harbor of Charleston, at their habitual place of anchorage, and

---------------

*For reports of Rear-Admiral DuPont, Capts. William R. Taylor and Henry S. Stellwagen, Commander William E. LeRoy and Acting Lieutenant P. G. Wathmough, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, dated December 7, 1863.

+Portion of dispatch here omitted is printed on p. 200.

---------------

