
after a brief engagement sunk, dispersed, or drove off and out of sight for the time the whole hostile fleet. And I am further instructed to call your attention to the fact this summary destruction and dispersion of the fleet of the United States, constituting the blockading force of this harbor, by the superior force of the Confederate States, operates as an entire defeasance of the blockade of the port of Charleston and of its operation. The rule of public law requiring that there should be a notification of a new blockade before foreign nations can be affected with an obligation of observing it as a blockade still existing, it is deemed necessary to give you now this formal notification of the fact.

Should you desire I shall be pleased to place at your disposition a steamer for the purpose of satisfying yourself of the unobstructed condition of this port.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

A similar letter sent to Senor Francisco Munez Moncada, Her Catholic Majesty's consul, Charleston.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 31, 1863.

Some of enemy's vessels have returned, but for several hours (three or four) none were in sight. Was blockade raised or not? What says Attorney-General? Shall I publish my proclamation, written mean-while?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., January 31, 1863.

Captain D. N. INGRAHAM,

Commanding Naval Station, Charleston, S. C.:

MY DEAR COMMODORE: Permit me to congratulate you and the gallant officers and men under your command for your brilliant achievement of last night, which will be classed hereafter with those of the Merrimac and Arkansas.

May your efforts by always crowned with the same success is the sincere wish of your friend,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

PROCLAMATION.
HEADQUARTERS LAND AND NAVAL FORCES,Charleston, S. C., January 31, 1863.

At about 5 o'clock this morning the Confederate States naval force on this station attacked the United States Blockading Fleet off the harbor of the city of Charleston, and sunk, dispersed, or drove off and out of sight for the time the entire hostile fleet.

