
Therefore we, the undersigned, commanders respectively of the Confederate States naval and land forces in this quarter, do hereby formally declare the blockade by the United States of the said city of Charleston, S. C., to be raised by a superior force of the Confederate States from and after this 31st day of January, A. D. 1863.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

D. N. INGRAHAM,

Flag-Officer Commanding Naval Forces in South Carolina.

Official:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

SPANISH CONSULATE,

Charleston, February 1, 1863.

Mr. THOMAS JORDAN,

Brigadier General and Chief of Staff of the Dept. of S. C., Ga., and Fla:

MY DEAR SIR: I take pleasure in replying to your communication of the 31st of January last, respecting the notification of the raising the blockade at Charleston by the naval force of the Confederate States.

I should inform you that I remitted a copy of the same communication to his excellency the minister plenipotentiary at Washington. I thank you for your kind offer in placing a steamer at my disposal so that I may go and satisfy myself as to the condition of the port. Having gone out in company with the French consul, and arrived at the point where the Confederate naval forces were, we discovered three steamers and a pilot boat returning. I must also mention that the British consul at this port manifested to me verbally that some time subsequent to this naval combat not a single blockading vessel was in sight.

I avail myself of this opportunity to offer you my sincere respects.

MUNEZ DE MONCADA,

Spanish Consul.

CHARLESTON, February 2, 1863.

(Received Richmond, February 2.)

General S. COOPER:

After consulting law authorities Commodore Ingraham and myself have issued proclamation raising blockade of Charleston. Shall send copy to Government agent at Nassau and officer commanding enemy's fleet, which has returned in front of this harbor.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

Numbers 2. Report of Flag-Officer Duncan N. Ingraham, C. S. Navy.

OFFICE NAVAL STATION,

Charleston, S. C., February 2, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that upon the night of the 30th ultimo I left wharf at this place in company with the steam-ram

