
about 7 miles clear of the bar, standing to the southward and eastward. At 8 a. m., in obedience to signal, we anchored in 4-fathom water off the Beach Channel.

It gives me pleasure to testify to the good conduct and efficiency of the officers and crew of the Chicora. I am particularly indebted to the pilots, Messrs. Payne and Aldert, for the skillful pilotage of the vessel. It gives me pleasure to report that I have no injures or casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. TUCKER,

Commander, C. S. Navy.

Flag-Officer D. N. INGRAHAM, C. S. Navy.

[Inclosure.]

We, the undersigned, certify that a steamer (side-wheel) supposed to be the Keystone State, not only struck her flag on the morning of January 31, but that we saw a number of her men rush upon the after part of her deck and extend their arms toward us in an imploring manner, she being at that time completely at our mercy, distant from us some 200 yards.

G. H. BIER,

C. S. Navy, First Lieutenant and Exec. Officer Chicora.

W. T. GLASSELL, Lieutenant.

BENJAMIN F. SHELBY,

Squadron Quartermaster.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Ambrose A. Lechler, One hundred and seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry et al.
HDQRS. 176TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA MILITIA,Saint Helena Island, S. C., February 21, 1863.

SIR: Having seen a proclamation issued by General Beauregard and Commodore Ingraham to the effect that upon the morning of the 31st ultimo they had by force of arms succeed in dispersing the blockading fleet which was lying off Charleston Harbor, and also a statement purporting to have come from the English consul for that port and the command officer of the English man-of-war Petrel that they had gone out to a point 5 miles beyond the usual anchorage of the blockading fleet and that not a single vessel could be seen even with the aid of powerful glasses, and that consequently the blockade had been most effectually raised, and knowing as we do the above statement to be utterly false in every particular, we fell constrained to tender our evidence as corroboratory of that already furnished.

On the evening of January 29 the One hundred and seventy-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Militia (with which we are connected) left Morehead City, N. C., on board steamer Cossack, destined for Port Royal. Upon the morning of the 31st, when near Charleston, could hear firing distinctly. Upon our arrival off the harbor, which was at about 8.30 in the morning, found lying there the blockading squadron, some of which were at anchor, and also the prize steamer Princess Royal. The distance from land at which they were was estimated to be from 4 to 5 miles, and although the morning was somewhat hazy, yet the land could be plainly seen on each side of the harbor. Vessels

14 R R-VOL XIV

