
could be seen in the inlets, and by the aid of the glass a fort, said to have been Sumter, was visible. We were right in the midst of the fleet, so near as to be able to carry on a conversation with the Housatonic; were boarded by officers from it and the Quaker City. We remained there until 9 o'clock. Shortly after we departed the Princess Royal followed.

Being thus near the site of the engagement, and so soon after it came off, we do not hesitate in the least ot pronounce the statement that the blockade was raised not only absurd, but utterly and willfully false in every particular; and the statement of the English consul and the commander of the Petrel that the squadron could not be seen even with the aid of powerful glasses is one equally false, and one that impels us to conclude that it would require a powerful glass truly to be able to discover one particle of truth or honesty in the composition of these gentlemen. The entire regiment can substantiate the above facts, and burn with indignation that gentlemen occupying high stations as they do should resort to such base fabrications to prop up a failing cause. We have the honor, sir, to be, your most obedient servants,

A. A. LECHLER,

Colonel, Commanding One hundred and seventy-sixth Regiment Penn. Militia.

W. F. FUNDENBURG,

Surgeon, One hundred and seventy-sixth Regiment Penn. Militia.

TAYLOR C. NEWBURY,

Captain Steamship Cossack.

Rear-Admiral S. F. DUPONT,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

JANUARY 31, 1863.- Affair on Bull Island, S. C.

Report of Captain Charles T. Haskell, jr., C. S. Army, commanding post.

BATTERY MARSHALL, S. C., February 3, 1863.

SIR: For the purpose of preparing to carry out orders issued to me I left Sullivan's Island on the afternoon of January 30 with 7 men and landed at Gibbes' house, on Bull Island, that evening about dark. I spent the next morning in exploring the different creeks back of the island, and was just proceeding to reconnoiter the position of the gunboat Flambeau, lying near, when I met with and captured a man calling himself the chief engineer of the Flambeau. He was armed with an Enfield rifle and a navy revolver, but said he was only out on a shooting expedition. I sent him off in my boat to the west end of the island, and supposing that he had companions, concealed myself and fired off his gun to entice them. Another man soon came up with a negro. I took the former prisoner, but the negro ran away. The man professed to be second lieutenant and acting master of the Flambeau, was armed with a musket, and gave the same account of himself as the first. I hurried him off to the west end of the island and sent both to Sullivan's Island, sending at the same time to ask that 50 men should be sent me.

I remained on the island that night, and about sunset the Flambeau came around to within a quarter of a mile of Gibbes' house, and coming to anchor within 200 yards of the island, sent from 100 to 120 men ashore. They advanced a short distance, searched Gibbes' settlement, and went aboard again. I slept at Gibbes' house that night, and the

