
next morning the 50 men who I had desired to be sent me arriving at the west end of the island, I immediately advance, being anxious to lie in ambush at Gibbes' Wharf. The distance, however, was about 4 miles, and by the time I had passed over half of it I was met by one of my scouts, who informed me that the enemy had landed and were advancing. Directly afterward I saw them self, about 75 men in front, with a reserve of about 50 more about 500 yards farther back. They were marching through on open field in close under. I formed my men (45, the rest having been left at the boats) just back of Gibbes' summer-house, and as they came up gave them a volley from half of my force, ordering the remainder to reserve their fire, as I expected them to charge me. It seemed to take them by surprise, as they had not yet seen me, and they immediately retreated in confusion, returning my fire as they went. The very dense thicket prevented my fire from being very effective. They left one man dead on the ground; a first lieutenant of marines, commanding the detachment, was apparently mortally wounded, and another man also appeared to be wounded. I knew that they had a launch with a rifled gun on it, with which they could destroy my boats and cut off my retreat, and having only one day's rations, I considered it best to cross over to Capers' Island and wait for re-enforcements. I accordingly, after wagging from them to renew the attack about half an hour, marched back to my boats and crossed over the inlet dividing the two islands, sending off a boat at the same time to ask for re-enforcements.

I waited on Capers' Island until the next evening at 8 o'clock, when I received orders to return to Sullivan's Island. I set out at 9 o'clock and arrived at this post early this morning.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES T. HASKELL, JR.,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Captain W. F. NANCE, A. A. G., First Military District.

FEBRUARY 1, 1863.- Naval attack on Fort McAllister, Genesis Point, Ga.

REPORTS, ETC.*

Numbers 1.- General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, with congratulatory orders.

Numbers 2.- Major Henry Bryan, Assistant Inspector-General, C. S. Army.

Numbers 3.- Colonel R. H. Anderson, C. S. Army, commanding forces on the Ogeechee River.

Numbers 4.- Captain George W. Anderson, jr., Georgia Artillery, commanding Fort McAllister.

Numbers 5.- Captain Robert Martin, Georgia Artillery, commanding mortar and light batteries.

Numbers 1. Report of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, with congratulatory orders.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 2, 1863.

General H. W. Mercer reports quite a success at Genesis Port yes-

---------------

*The Union vessels engaged were the Moutauk, C. PO. Williams, Dawn, Seneca, and Wissahickon. For report of Commander John L. Worden, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, dated December 7, 1863.

---------------

