
terday after fire hours' firing from one monitor, four gunboats, and one mortar boat. Monitor came to 800 yards of battery-principally one rifled 32-pounder and one 8-inch columbiad; was compelled to retire apparently crippled. We lost 1 officer killed, 4 men wounded, and 1 gun disabled. Another monitor seen near Thunderbolt Battery, on Vernon River; fired once and retired.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA.,

Numbers 23.Charleston, S. C., February 6, 1863.

The commanding general announces to the forces with satisfaction and pride the results of the recent encounter of our battery at Genesis Point, Ga., with an iron-clad of the monitor class; results only alloyed by the life-blood of the gallant commander, the late Major John B. Gallie.

For hours the most formidable vessel of her class hurled missiles of the heaviest caliber ever used in modern warfare at the weak parapet of the battery, which was almost demolished; but, standing at their guns, as became men fighting for homes, for honor, and for independence, the garrison replied with such effect as to cripple and beat back their adversary, clad though in impenetrable armor and armed with 15 and 11-inch guns, supported by mortar boats whose practice was of uncommon precision.

The thanks of the country are due to this intrepid garrison, who have thus shown what brave men may withstand and accomplish, despite apparent odds.

"Fort McAllister" will be inscribed on the flags of all the troops engaged in the defense of the battery.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Henry Bryan, Assistant Inspector-General, C. S. Army.

SAVANNAH, February 1, 1863.

General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I visited Genesis Point this morning just after the fight, too late to get a view of the iron-clad, which came much nearer-perhaps within 600 yards, but more likely about 700. She was afraid of our fire, however, and fell back some distance.

I inclose rough sketches of this steamer as she appeared to three parties and two rough plans of the position of enemy's fleet during engagement.

The iron-clad seems to have fired principally 15-inch shell, one of which went directly through the parapet (17 feet thick) in front of a 32-pounder on the left. At this point the parapet was mostly built of marsh mud, which I infer cannot sufficient resistance to these mis-

