
siles. Two shells seem to have struck near the same point on the parapet (made of sand) in front of the columbiad and tore away about a third of it, covering several men with sand; one or two were dug out. The resisting power of sand is very great, and after thick iron it makes probably the protection most desirable. So far as demolishing earthwork goes I am inclined to think the 15-inch shell a partial failure. I think a concentrated fire of smaller guns would have been more destructive to us. Had they burst better, however, the result might have been different. Captain George W. Anderson, the officer next in rank to Major Gallie, has proved himself a brave and good young soldier, but I think Captain Alfred L. Hartridge, Company B, First Georgia Sharpshooters, who commanded Genesis Point last summer, is the man best qualified to succeed Major Gallie. I will send you by express a brass fuse plug from the 15-inch shell.

I am, with regard, your most obedient servant,

HENRY BRYAN.

[Inclosure.]

GENESIS POINT, February 1, 1863-1.30 p. m.

Fight lasted five hours, ending 12.45. Major Gallie's brains blown out, nobody wounded, and 7 injured by concussion. One 32 trunnion knocked off; parapet torn up in about fire places; in front of columbiad it was partly demolished. Enemy's iron-clad struck at least a dozen times, perhaps two dozen, and has gone back out of sight. She came within 1,000 yards of our battery, probably 700. Colonel R. H. Anderson and garrison have acted nobly.

HENRY BRYAN,

Major and Assistant Inspector-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel R. H. Anderson, C. S. Army, commanding forces on the Ogeechee River.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. FORCES, OGEECHEE RIVER,Fort McAllister, Ga., February 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor very respectfully to submit to the brigadier-general commanding the following report of the engagement of this battery with the Abolition fleet, which took place yesterday, the 1st instant:

At 7.45 a. m. the battery was attacked by one iron-clad of the monitor order, whose armament was one 15-inch and one 11-inch gun, three gunboats (wooden), and one mortar boat. Before the enemy's boats came within range I ordered Captain Arthur Shaaff, commanding the First Battalion Georgia Sharpshooters, to line the river bank with his riflemen. His right rested about a quarter of a mile in rear of and west of the battery. As soon as I was satisfied that there was no intention on the part of the enemy to land at Kilkenny on my right flank, and that his intention was restricted to passing the obstructions, I ordered him to deploy his battalion on his right file at ten paces intervals, which enabled him to cover the bank of the river for over a mile with his sharpshooters, who had excellent cover, and would have annoyed the enemy terribly had he succeed in passing the obstructions. Martin's light battery I

