
First Lieutenant Robert Wayne, who in the most gallant and heroic manner bore all of my orders in the battery during the whole action. He was as much, if not more, exposed than any one during the action, and his conduct won the admiration of all. I would also express my indebtedness to Captain McAllister, who by his gallantry, energy, and soldierlike appreciation of what I required of him, did much to facilitate my arrangements for the defense of the river.

Our total list of casualties are 8-Major Gallie killed, and 7 privates wounded, none of them severely.

The damage to the work has been already repaired; all that remains to be done is to mount another gun in the place of the 32-pounder disabled. This we will do as soon as the one you have ordered to be brought here from Savannah arrives.

Inclosed you will please find the report of Captain G. W. Anderson, jr., the immediate commander of the battery, as well as that of Captain Robert Martin, commanding the 10-inch mortar.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE A. MERCER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Georgia, Savannah.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., February 6, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the War Department. The results related within of the obstinate attack by an iron-clad of the monitor clads on our battery at Genesis Point are important and encouraging. The armament of the battery in question unfortunately was not heavy, or such as I should have placed at that point had the proper guns been at my disposition. (See my report of November 1, 1862). It consisted of but one 8-inch columbiad, one 42-pounder, five 32-pounders, and one 10-inch mortar, which has been placed there recently. But, thanks to the intrepidity of the garrison and supporting force of officers and men, the battery withstood the formidable attack and the enemy was beaten back. I beg to commend to the notice of the President the names of all mentioned in these papers.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain George W. Anderson, jr., Georgia Artillery, commanding Fort McAlister.

FORT McALLISTER, GA., February 2, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: Through you I have the honor of reporting to Colonel R. H. Anderson, commanding forces on Ogeechee River, the result of yesterday's engagement:

At 7.45 a. m. the battery was attacked by an iron-clad (which anchored about 1,000 yards abreast of the battery and immediately opposite the chamber of our 8-inch columbiad), three gunboats, and mortar boat. The enemy fired steadily and with great precision; at time it

