
was exceedingly severe. They fired unusually well with their mortar, a number of shells bursting directly over the battery. The iron-clad's chief aim was at the columbiad; she fired 11 and 15 inch shell. The parapet in front of the 8-inch was breached and the gun was left almost entirely exposed. Notwithstanding their critical position not a man composing the squad evinced the slightest fear, but continued to work the gun with as much energy and as much composure as could be desired.

It would be invidious to institute a comparison when all alike exhibited the utmost gallantry; but I would respectfully beg leave to call the colonel's attention to the 8-inch and to the 42-pounder squads.

The damage to the work can be repaired in forty-eight hours. Early in the day (8.30 o'clock) the iron-clad disabled one of my 32-pounders, knocking one of the trunnions off. It was this shot which killed the heroic Major Gallie. Prior to this he was badly cut in the face, while standing by the 8-inch gun, inspiring the men with his own indomitable spirit. He refused to be relieved, saying he would "be able to attend to duty in a few minutes." Shortly afterward he fell, while discharging his duties under the most trying circumstances, pierced through the head.

At 12.30 o'clock the enemy slowly backed out of range of our guns. The tower of the iron-clad was struck several times. We could hear them hammering distinctly, evidently mending something which had been broken by our shot. The turret finally ceased to revolve; whether designedly or not is left to conjecture. We were unable to reach the wooden vessels. Our rifle projectiles are miserable. As soon as they leave the muzzle of the gun they commence to revolve over and over.

The casualties were as follows:

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully,

GEO. W. ANDERSON, JR.,

Captain, Commanding Fort McAllister.

Lieutenant ROBERT WAYNE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain Robert Martin, Georgia Artillery, commanding mortar and light batteries.

CAMP ARNOLD, February 1, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: Through you I have the honor to make the following report to Colonel R. H. Anderson, commanding forces at and around Genesis Point:

According to an order from Brigadier-General Mercer, placing me in command of the 10-inch mortar at Fort McAllister, I promptly repaired to my post, having first given orders to Lieutenant W. G. Robson, senior lieutenant present, to move my light battery in supporting distance of the fort. I arrived at my mortar battery a few minutes after 9 a. m. my platform gave way, and I was compelled to remove the planking and fire from the second tier of boards, which stood the firing very well.

I have but one casualty to report, i. e., one of my detachment, from a fragment of shell in the head, slightly.

---------------

*Nominal list shows 1 officer killed and 7 men wounded.

---------------

