
The firing from the fleet was good. My men were frequently covered with sand, and shell and fragments of shell frequently fell around us. My practice was at first bad, owing to the mist, but toward midday it improved, the shells bursting over or falling near the vessels. My men stood to their work well.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. MARTIN,

Captain, Commanding Mortar and Light Battery, P. A. C. S.

Lieutenant [ROBERT] WAYNE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fort McAllister, Ga.

FEBRUARY 28, 1863.- Engagement at Fort McAllister, Ga., and destruction of the Nashville.*

Report of Captain George W. Anderson, jr., Georgia Artillery, commanding Fort McAllister.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort McAllister, Ga., February 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Through you I have the honor to reporting to Brigadier-General Mercer the result of this morning's engagement:

At 7.25 a. m. three gunboats, one mortar-boat, and an iron-clad came in sight of our battery. The gunboats and mortar-boat took the same positions as in the former engagements. The iron-clad anchored between 800 and 1,000 yards abreast of our battery and directed her entire fire at the Rattlesmake, [Nashville], which was abound about three-fourths of a mile from her. The wooden vessels directed their fire at the battery; did not damage, but slightly injuring the quarters of the Emmett Rifles and plowing up the dirt in our parade. At 7.40 o'clock the Rattlesmake was sent on fire-whether by her commander (Captain Baker) or by the shells of the enemy I am unable to say. If by Captain Baker, I think it was entirely unnecessary, circumstances not demanding her destruction. The iron-clad was struck by several of our shot; the wooden vessels were struck once by our 32-pounder rifle.

Officers and men acted with their accustomed bravery and only regretted the brevity of the fight.

At 9.30 o'clock the vessels ceased firing and dropped down the river. The iron-clad apparently passed and repassed with impunity over the spot where the torpedoes were sunk.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. ANDERSON, JR.,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE A. MERCER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*The Union forces engaged were the Montauk, Seneca, Wissahickon, and Dawn. See Commander John L. Worden's report in Annual Report of the Secretary of Navy, December 7, 1863.

---------------

