
Numbers 2. Report of Major D. B. Harris, C. S. Army, Chief Engineer Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

SAVANNAH, GA., March 9, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with my instructions Captain [John] McCrady has made a report in detail of the engagement of the enemy with the battery at Genesis Point (Fort McAllister), on the 3rd instant, which I have the honor to hand you herewith. This interesting report is based chiefly upon information furnished by Asst. Engr. J. W. McAlpin, to whose admirable conduct on this and previous attacks upon Fort McAllister I respectfully invite the attention of the general commanding.

I have visited the battery since the engagement, and found it in good condition in every respect. It would appear that the iron-clads are not such formidable monsters after all, particularly against sand batteries. Where crushing effect is desired, as against vessels, and brick or other walls, the 15-inch shell and solid shot could be used to advantage; but for the reduction of sand batteries the same amount of metal thrown from 8 or 10 inch guns in the same time would, I think, have treble the effect. The firing of the iron-clads was not as accurate as it should have been under the circumstances. The firing of our battery having been directed against one of them alone, the others ought to have fired with all the deliberation and care requisite to insure accuracy. I am therefore at a loss to account for their wild firing. The most of their shots passed over the battery. The mortars were fired at a distance of at least 2 1/2 miles without, as usual, any damaging effect upon the battery. In am fully persuaded the turret of Numbers 1 (Montauk) was injured during the engagement. The result of this engagement ought to make us fell quite comfortable. When the grand affair with which the Abolitionists have been so long threatening us shall come off (if it ever does), I am sure our sand batteries will give a good account of themselves. Mr. McAlpin thinks the iron-clads did not pass over the torpedoes in the river. I have directed an examination to be made to ascertain if they are in the position in which they were anchored in the stream.

I have the honor to be, general, yours, very respectfully,

D. B. HARRIS,

Major and Chief Engineer.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain John McCrady, C. S. Army, Chief Engineer State of Georgia.

ENGINEER OFFICE, C. S. ARMY,

Savannah, March 8, 1863.

MAJOR: The following report of the engagement with three of the enemy's monitor fleet, which occurred at Fort McAllister on Tuesday, March 3, is founded upon the notes and observations of Assistant Engineer McAlpin, and the statements of Captain [G. W.] Anderson,

