
of my aide, Lieutenant Lyons, who accompanied him and acted as his aide during the affair.

10. Our casualties were 2 killed and 9 wounded. Captain Parker was among the killed-a most gallant officer, conspicuous for his gallantry in this affair, and an officer whose whole course has given promise of distinction.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISAAC I. STEVENS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. B. ELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hilton Head, S. C.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel Benjamin C. Christ, Fiftieth Pennsylvania Infantry.

POCOTALIGO, May 29, 1862.

DEAR GENERAL: After a spirited engagement, which lasted two hours, we succeeded in driving the enemy from their cover, and the cavalry is now in full pursuit. We have 2 killed and 5 wounded. I regret to say that Captain Parker is one of the killed. We will proceed at once to the railroad. The battery has just arrived. We should have some ambulances to bring our dead and wounded.

Yours, respectfully,

B. C. CHRIST,

Colonel Fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

General STEVENS, Beaufort, S. C.

P. S.-I have just learned from a wounded prisoner that their loss is severe and that their force was at least 800.

POCOTALIGO, May 29, 1862.

SIR: Upon investigation I find that the men have not over 12 rounds of cartridges on the average. I also learn from negroes that the desperate stand made by the enemy at this point was in the expectation of re-enforcements from Grahamville and McPhersonville. At the latter place it is said they have 600, and they expected a larger force from the former.

After consulting with the officers, and in view of your orders to avoid a general engagement, I have considered discretion to better part of valor, and leave 2.30 o'clock for Beaufort.

Yours,

B. C. CHRIST,

Colonel Fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

General STEVENS.

BEAUFORT, S. C., May 30, 1862.

SIR: In pursuance to orders I left Beaufort at 10.30 o'clock on the evening of the 28th with my regiment and one company of the Eighth

