
struck northwest angle of the same traverse, carrying away earth for 6 feet from front. Traverse in rear struck twice, one shell exploding; no serious damage done. One traverse-wheel broken, probably by a fragment of shell. One man wounded by fragment of shell. One man wounded by a sod peg. Eight shot entered exterior slope of parapet; no serious damage. Two rifle shot struck traverse on left flank; one exploded, breaking left traverse-wheel; one serious damage. One 11-inch shell struck same traverse and exploded; no serious damage.

Ten-inch gun chamber.- Two shot struck the superior slope in front of this gun without damage. One of them, a shell, ricochetted and struck top of traverse in rear, exploding in front of bomb-proof, doing no harm. Three shot struck exterior slope of parapet without doing severe damage.

Thirty-two-pounder double chamber.- One shell struck and exploded in superior slope of parapet, making a hole 2 feet deep and 4 feet in diameter. A fragment broke right traverse-wheel of 32-pounder on left. Four shot struck traverse in rear; two of them (shell) exploded near left angle, low down, displacing a considerable amount of earth. One shot struck traverse on left flank. Two shot struck exterior slope of parapet; no serious damage done.

Thirty-two-pounder on left flank.- No shot struck. One shot struck parapet in front of hot-shot furnace.

Bomb-proof.- Three shot struck northern side; one exploded. Four shot struck top. No damage done.

JOHN McCRADY,

Captain and Chief Engineer State of Georgia.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Table showing color, armament, projectiles, &amp;c., of the three turreted monitors which attacked Fort McAllister on March 3, 1863. Founded on observations of Asst. Engr. J. W. McAlpin.

Numbers 1. - Color: Turret and smoke-stack; hull, brown. Armament: One 15-inch gun and one 11-inch gun (smoth-bore). Projectiles: 15-inch hollow shot and shell; 11-inch shell and solid shot; 15-inch shell, with three fuses. Number os shot fired at battery, 90.

Numbers 2. - Color: Hull and smoke-stack, light colored; top of smoke-stack, red. Armament: One 8-inch rifle and one 11-inch gun (smooth-bore). Projectiles: Cylindro-conoidal percussion shell, 17 inches long, 8 inches in diameter at base; 11-inch solid shot and shell. Number of shot fired at battery, 70.

Numbers 3. - Color: Hull, turret, and top of smoke-stack, dark green. Armament: Two 8-inch rifles. Projectiles: Cylindro-conoidal percussion shell, 17 inches long and 8 inches in diameter at base. Number os shot fired at battery, 64.

Intervals between successive delivery of fire: Average of ten minutes.

Penetration: 11-inch solid shot penetrated 9 feet 10 inches in sand; 8-inch rifle shell penetrated 3 feet 6 inches in sand.

JOHN McCRADY,

Captain and Chief Engineer State of Georgia.

