
MARCH 20, 1863.- Affair in Saint Andrew's Bay, Fla.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Howell Cobb, C. S. Army, commanding District of Middle Florida including affair in Ocklockonnee Bay, Florida, March 24, 1863, with congratulatory letter from General Beauregard.

Numbers 2. - Major W. W. Scott, C. S. Army, First Battalion Florida Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Howell Cobb, C. S. Army, commanding District of Middle Florida, including affair in Ocklockonnee Bay, Florida, March 24, 1863, with congratulatory letter from General Beauregard.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MIDDLE FLORIDA,Quincy, Fla., March 28, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor of inclosing to you reports of two skirmishes in this district-the one at Saint Andrew's Bay by a portion of Captain --- Robinson's company; the other at Ocklockonnee Bay by a detachment under the command of Captain [G. W.] Scott, of the Second Florida Cavalry.* The first was a party of foraging Yankees who had come ashore to steal and plunder; all but 3 of them were killed.+ The second was a Yankee party sent up the Ocklockonnee Bay to capture a schooner (Onward) which had lately run the blockade. The when discovered. The prompt movements of Captain Scott and his officers and men enabled them to reach the place before the Yankees could succeed; and though for the want of the necessary means they could not recapture the vessel, the Yankees were compelled to abandon and burn it, with a loss, it is believed, of 10 or 12 men killed. In both cases the flag of the Abolitionists was captured, and I now have them, subject to the order of the commanding general.

We sustained no loss in either affair.

There has been no serious demonstration on any part of this district, and I have, in response to the request of Brigadier-General Finegan, sent forward to his support such re-enforcements as I felt might be temporarily spared from the district. I have also notified him that if the emergency required it I would still further re-enforce him, and with that view I keep a portion of my command ready to march at a moment's notice. If required here they can be promptly returned to me.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

HOWELL COBB,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff, Charleston, S. C.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 3, 1863.

Brigadier General H. COBB,

Commanding District of East Florida:

GENERAL: The commanding general instructs me, through you, to

---------------

*See p. 236.

+For report of Actg. Master John Sherrill, commanding U. S. bark Rocbuck, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 7, 1863.

---------------

