
express to Capts. G. W. Scott and Robinson, and the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men of their respective command, his high sense of their soldierly conduct on the occasions reported severally by Major W. W. Scott and Captain G. W. Scott. By enterprise such as these, conducted with coolness and address and characterized by resolute courage, small detachments of our troops may strike the enemy with such effect as to prevent them from landing within the limits of your command.

The flags captured should be sent to these headquarters by some convenient opportunity. If you deem it proper or convenient you might by flag of truce communicate to the commander of the United States forces, to which the Saint Andrew's Bay party belonged, the statement of Captain Scott, and demand the surrender of the boat and its arms and equipments, as it stood when surrendered, and the men, and notify them that unless this is done that hereafter quarter must be denied under similar circumstances.

I am likewise instructed to say to you that the general is much gratified by the prompt manner in which you sent assistance to Brigadier-General Finegan.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Report of Major W. W. Scott, C. S. Army, First Battalion Florida Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Marianna, W. Fla., March 22, 1863.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report to the commanding general an affair of Captain --- Robinson's, on Saint Andrew's Bay. His report to me is as follows:

I proceeded to the town of Saint Andrew's on the 19th instant with a lieutenant sergeant, and 20 men. Arriving just before night, I encamped.

Yesterday morning [March 20], about 10.30 o'clock, the enemy came into the bay in a launch, on which was mounted a brass howitzer (I think a 12-pounder), and landed an armed party, consisting of an officer and 9 men, 2 men remaining in the boat. They formed and marched down the beach, the boat keeping opposite to them. I formed my men and, taking advantage of a bluff, charged within 75 yards of them before we were discovered. Being the stronger party I ordered them to surrender, which they refused to do, but attempted to get on their boat. I ordered my meant to fire, which brought down 4 or 5. We charge into the water after them about waist deep which brought us within their musket-range from the boat, and our fire was so hot they could not board her, but swam out into the bay. Several attempted to get on board, but were killed. The men on the boat tried to fire their cannon, but were so badly wounded that they were not able to do so. They finally lowered their flag and asked for quarter. I immediately ordered my men to cease firing. They then asked permission to pick up their men, who were wounded and drowning, which was granted. They got 2 on board; the balance had sunk; and being then nearly out of range, they hoisted sail and escaped with boat. We had no boat to board them and the water was too deep to wade. There were but 3 men in the boat able to sit up, and 1 of them was shot from his seat as they went off. One escaped to the woods and we were unable to capture him, though there is a party still after him. I do not think a single man escaped unhurt, as we could see from the blood that the 2 that remained in the boat were seriously wounded. We got their flag, 4 Minie muskets, 3 cartridge boxes, 3 bayonets; also 1 pair of oars. I should have taken the boat but for their begging quarter.

