
I have received the flag captured by Captain Robinson, and will forward to the commanding general if he directs me.

I am, captain, your obedient servant, &amp;c.,

W. W. SCOTT,

Major, Commanding.

Captain JAMES BARROW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 22, 1863.- Destruction of steamer Georgian, off Charleston, S. C.

Report of Captain Charles T. Haskell, jr., C. S. Army, commanding at Battery Marshall.

BATTERY MARSHALL, S. C., March 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that between 5 and 6 p. m. yesterday the enemy sent launches to the steamer Georgian. Shortly after they left her an explosion took place on her decks, carrying away her masts and rigging. I opened fire upon two of his vessels from which the launches were going to and for at a distance of from 3 1/2 to 4 miles. They, however, keeping in motion, I failed to strike them. I fired four shot and shell.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES T. HASKELL, JR.,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 23-31, 1863.- Operations near Jacksonville, Fla.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel John D. Rust, Eighth Maine Infantry.

Numbers 2.- Brigadier General Joseph Finegan, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel John D. Rust, Eighth Maine Infantry.

HILTON HEAD, S. C., April 2, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report for the information of the major-general commanding Department of the South:

In accordance with orders received I embarked my regiment on board the steamers Delaware and General Meigs, at Beaufort, March 13,m for Jacksonville, Fla., where I arrived on the 23rd ultimo, having been delayed by ought weather. Major Hemingway, with three companies on the General Meighs, had already arrived. When I reached there a rebel battery mounted on a platform car propelled by a locomotive was shelling the town. The gunboats Norwich, which accompanied me, engaged it, replying vigorously, as did also a rifled Parrott 32-pounder on shore. The enemy were soon driven back. He was, as I afterward

