
crossed the river, some 12 miles above my camp, and met the wagons sent by his captain to convey the women and children, was captured, with 15 men, 2 wagons, and 8 mules, by a force of the enemy under Colonel --- Montgomery. The mules were recovered by a force which I sent in pursuit, but the wagons were burned by the enemy and the women and children carried off. I have ordered the arrest of this officer (who subsequently escaped from his captors), and will ask for his trial by court-martial whenever the proper witness can be produced. The fortifications erected by the enemy around Jacksonville were formidable.

I desire to bring to the notice of the commanding general in the highest terms of praise the conduct and services of both officers and men of the command in the recent operations, and herewith transmit a copy of General Orders, Numbers 12, issued by me, to which I beg to refer the commanding general for special mention of instances of individual merit. I will, however, here mention as pre-eminently entitled to consideration the services and conduct of Lieutenant T. E. Buckman, chief of ordnance on my staff, a most accomplished, brave, ingenious, and energetic officer, and Privates Francis Soule, of Captain West's company, First Special Battalion, and James Chestnut, of Captain Chambers' company, Second Florida Cavalry; also Capts. W. E. Chambers and Winston Stephens of the Second Florida Cavalry, and their officers and men.

I have ascertained that the enemy's force in Jacksonville was a s follows: Eighth Maine, 1,100 strong; Sixth Connecticut, 800 strong (whites); First South Carolina Volunteers (black troops), commanded by Colonel T. W. Higgison, a full regiment, estimated from 900 to 1,500; Second South Carolina Volunteers (blacks), Colonel Montgomery commanding, not full.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Charleston, S. C.

MARCH 24, 1863.- Affair in Ocklockonee Bay, Fla.

Report of Captain G. T. Scott, C. S. Army, Second Florida Cavalry.*

NEWPORT, FLA., March 24, 1863.

COLONEL: Having received your order of 23rd instant to assist Lieutenant [H. K.] Simmons, at Robert's Ferry, at 2.30 a. m. of the 24th instant, I have the honor to report that within an hour after the receipt of the order to report I left my camp at Newport with a detachment of 30 men of my company for the point designated, having previously ordered a like force from Company I, Second Florida Cavalry, to accompany me.

At 8 a. m., having accomplished a distance of 30 miles in four and a half hours, I reached with my command a point on the Ocklockonnee Bay, where the schooner Onward, a prize in the hands of the enemy, was aground. Having joined forces with Lieutenant Simmons, com-

---------------

*For report of Actg. Master Richard J. Hoffner, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 7, 1863.

---------------

