
engagement, and with reduced ammunition, I deemed it prudent to retire, and accordingly arrived at Port Royal Ferry at 11 o'clock p. m. Small detachments of cavalry followed us as far as Garden's Corners, when the outer pickets of Company E repulsed them by unhorsing one of their number. At Garden's Corners I met a detachment of the Eighth Michigan Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Graves commanding, and a detachment of the Seventy-ninth New York, under command of Captain More. As soon as we arrived at the ferry I immediately commenced to cross over, and by 3 o'clock (morning) the entire force was on this side the Coosaw River.

Our loss during the engagement was 2 killed and 9 wounded, for details of which I respectfully refer you to the accompanying report of Dr. Siemens, regimental surgeon. What the enemy's loss is it is difficult to say, but from all I am learn it must be much greater than ours. We captured 2 prisoners, one of which I have already sent to headquarters, and the other is in the hospital, wounded. It is also difficult to state the force of the enemy, but it could not have been less than from 600 to 800. There were six companies of mounted riflemen, besides infantry, among which were a considerable number of colored men. Among the killed is Captain Charles H. Parker, Company H, who fell while gallantly cheering his men to duty.

Before leaving Pocotaligo I had the bridge over that river destroyed. My object in this was that in any future expedition to this point it would prevent the enemy from cutting off our retreat by sending forces from Grahamville.

I regret to state that on yesterday morning, near Stewart's plantation, Lieutenant Rush, Company B, was dangerously wounded by the accidental discharge of his pistol.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of both officers and men under my command. They proved themselves soldiers not only in name but in deed. I gratefully acknowledge the assistance of Colonel Brenholts, Major Overtoon, and Adjutant Rodgers, of the Fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Major Higginson, of the First Massachusetts Cavalry, and of Lieutenant Lyons, aide-de-camp to General Stevens.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

B. C. CHRIST,

Colonel, Commanding Fiftieth Regiment Pa. Vols.

Captain H. STEVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel W. S. Walker, C. S. Army, commanding Third Military District of South Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,McPhersonville, S. C., June 6, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that a sharp engagement occurred between the troops under my command and the enemy on the 29th ultimo.

I was absent on an inspecting tour of my command and was returning to my post on the cars when informed by a trooper, who stopped the cars, that he had been sent to inform me that the enemy in force were

