
probation the vigilance and good services of this company ever since its entrance upon the active duties of the service. Being stationed at an isolated point, at a long distance from support, they have performed their duty well and faithfully, and have rendered as useful service to the country, and particularly to the civil interests of the district, as any other troops in the world of the same number could have done, and they deserve in the highest degree the thanks not only of the commanding general but of the whole district.

By order of Brigadier-General Finegan:

R. B. THOMAS,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 7, 1863.- Engagement in Charleston Harbor, S. C.

REPORTS, ETC.*

Numbers 1.- General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

Numbers 2.- Major D. B. Harris, C. S. Engineers, Chief Engineer.

Numbers 3.- Major William H. Echols, C. S. Engineers.

Numbers 4.- Brigadier General Roswell S. Ripley, C. S. Army, commanding First Military District.

Numbers 5.- Colonel Alfred Rhett, First South Carolina Artillery, commanding Fort Sumter.

Numbers 6.- Lieutenant E. Prioleau Ravenel, First South Carolina Artillery. Numbers 7.- Brigadier General J. H. Trapier, C. S. Army, commanding on Sullivan's Island.

Numbers 8.- Colonel Lawrence M. Keitt, Twentieth South Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 9.- Colonel William Butler, First South Carolina Infantry, commanding Fort Moultrie.

Numbers 10.- Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Simkins, First South Carolina Infantry, commanding Battery Bee.

Numbers 11.- Captain J. A. Sitgreaves, First South Carolina Artillery, commanding battery Beauregard.

Numbers 12.- Lieutenant Colonel A. T. Dargan, Twenty-first South Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 13.- Major C. S. Huger, South Carolina Artillery, commanding artillery on Morris Island.

Numbers 14.- Colonel A. D. Frederick, Second South Carolina Artillery, commanding Fort Johnson, James Island.

Numbers 15.- Lieutenant W. T. Glassell, C. S. Navy, commanding C. S. steamer Chicora.

Numbers 16.- Thanks of the South Carolina Legislature.

Numbers 17.- Captain Henry S. Tafft, U. S. Signal Corps, Chief Signal Officer Department of the South.

Numbers 1. Reports of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., May 19, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit with this the report of Brigadier-General Ripley, commanding the First Military District

---------------

*The report of the U. S. naval commanders are published with the Annula report of the Secretary of the Navy, dated December 7, 1863. See also Hunter to Lincoln, May 22, 1863, in "Correspondence, etc.," post.

---------------

