
beg to refer to the several reports herewith submitted; but it may not be amiss to recapitulate some of the salient results.

The action lasted two hours and twenty-five minutes, but the chief damage is reported by the enemy to have been done in thirty minutes. The Keokuk did not come nearer than 900 yards of Fort Sumter; she was destroyed. The New Ironsides could not stand the fire at the range of a mile; four of her consorts (monitors) were disabled at the distance of not less than 1,300 yards. They had only reached the gorge of the harbor-never within it-and were baffled and driven back before reaching our lines of torpedoes and obstructions, which had been constructed as an ultimate defensive resort as far as they could be provided. The heaviest batteries had not been employed. Therefore it may be accepted, as shown, that these vaulted monitor batteries, though formidable engines of war, after all are not invulnerable nor invincible, and may be destroyed or defeated by heavy ordnance properly placed and skillfully handled. In reality they have no materially altered the military relations of forts and ships. On this occasion the monitors operated under the most favorable circumstances. The day was calm, and the water consequently was as stable as of a river; their guns were fired with deliberation, doubtless by trained artillerists. According to the enemy's statements the fleet fired 151 shots; 8 of which are ascribed to the New Ironsides, 3 to the Keokuk, and but 9 to the Passaic, which was so badly damaged. Not more than 34 shot took effect on the walls of Fort Sumter-a broad mark-which, with the number of discharges, suggests that the monitor arrangement as yet is not convenient for accuracy or celerity of fire. Fort Moultrie and our other batteries were not touched in a way to be considered, while in return they threw 1,399 shots. At the same time Fort Sumter discharged 810 shots, making the total number of shots fired 2,209, of which the enemy report that 520 struck the different vessels; a most satisfactory accuracy when the smallness of the target is considered. This precision was due not only to the discipline and practice of the garrisons engaged, but in no slight degree to an invention of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph A. Yates, First Regiment South Carolina Artillery, which had been applied to many of our best guns, and which shall as fast as possible be arranged for all the heavy ordnance in the department. By this felicitous device our guns were easily held trained upon the monitors, although the latter were constantly in movement, and this with but 5 men at the heaviest pieces.

The reports of the engineers herewith will show the precise extent of the damage inflicted on Fort Sumter. It is sufficient for me to say that at the time the enemy quit these waters the work was capable of resisting as formidable an attack as the one it had just foiled.

For the casualties of the day, so slight, I must refer you to the reports herewith. Too much praise cannot be given to the officers and men in all the works engaged for their spirit, gallantry, and discipline, which indeed I had a right to expect from the high soldierly condition into which these garrisons had been brought by their officers. My expectations were fully realized, and the country as well as the State of South Carolina may well be proud of the men who first met and vanquished the iron-mailed, terribly armed Armada, so confidently prepared and sent forth by the enemy to certain and easy victory.

To the professional resources, skill as an artillery officer, intelligent and indefatigable zeal and assiduity of Brigadier-General Ripley, commanding the First Military District, and especially charged with the defense of the harbor, much is due for the completeness of the defenses and the proud results of the 7th of April. He was ably seconded by his

