
shot, and a wrought-iron Brooke bolt had penetrated seven-eighths of its length and stuck in the plating. Several severe indentations were also observed, near which the plates were warped and the bolts broken or started. The top of the smoke-stack of sheet-iron was very much torn, and the bottom of it-of similar structure to the turrets-pierced by a 10-inch shot. The vessel having sunk in 13 feet of water prevented an examination of the lower portions of her turrets or of her hull, which no doubt were served in like manner. From this it would appear that the 10-inch shot are just as effective at the distance, say, of 900 yards, as the 7-inch Brooke bolts against such structures as the turrets of the Keokuk.

The result of this engagement is highly gratifying, and increases our confidence in our ability, with good batteries of suitable guns, to contend successfully with vessels of the monitor class. The enemy's evident and just dread of torpedoes, as evinced in his preparation for their explosion by the "devil" or torpedo-searcher, should induce us to multiply our defenses of that character in whatsoever manner they can be made available.

I have the honor to be, yours, very respectfully,

D. B. HARRIS,

Major and Chief of Engineers.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 3. Report of Major William H. Echols, C. S. Engineers.

CONFEDERATE STATES ENGINEERS' OFFICE,

Charleston, S. C., April 9, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the engagement between Fort Sumter and the enemy's iron-clad fleet on the 7th April, 1863, at 3 o'clock p. m., lasting two hours and twenty-five minutes.

The incidents which transpired during the engagement are based upon information received from the officers in charge of the works, but more particularly from the observations of Colonel Rhett, commanding Fort Sumter, and Lieutenant S. C. Boyleston, adjutant First Regiment South Carolina Artillery, who made special observations during the whole action; the remainder from personal inspection afterward.

Forts Sumter, Moultrie, Batteries Bee, Beauregard, Cummings Point, and Wagner were engaged. The fleet consisted of the Ironsides, supposed armament sixteen guns; the Keokuk, two stationary turrets, carrying one gun each, and seven single revolving turreted vessels, carrying, supposed, two guns in each, presumed to be the Montauk, Passaic, Weehawken, Patapsco, Nahant, Catskill, and Nantucket, which took position from 900 to 1,500 yards from Fort Sumter.

They steamed up main Ship Channel toward Fort Moultrie in line of battle as follows: Four single turrets, Ironsides, three single turrets, and Keokuk, following one after the other at intervals of about 300 yards, the foremost one moving slowly, and carrying on her prow the "devil," or torpedo-searcher, a description and drawing of which are appended. When within 2,200 yards Fort Moultrie fired the first gun upon her near buoy Numbers 3, then distant about 1,500 yards from Fort Sumter, which had previously trained her battery of barbette guns upon the buoy, and opened fire by battery when she reached that position, at three minutes past 3 o'clock.

