
Several exploded in contact with the wall, by which the principal craters appear to have been formed. One passed over the parapet into the quarters on the western side, exploded, damaging several walls. Five 11-inch shot struck the faces; one, penetrating near one of the same embrasures pierced by the 15-inch shell, broke through and stuck into the interior wall of the quarters. Only one impression represented any appearance of a rifle projectile. One 15-inch solid shot, one 15-inch hollow shot, several 15-inch shells and 11-inch shot were found in and around the fort. Fragments of 15-inch shells were picked up on the outside. The berm being very narrow and sloping prevented any means of ascertaining by the bodies themselves their kind, all being precipitated into the water after striking. It is reported also that several shrapnel were fired over the barbette guns of Sumter. Some of the shells which exploded in contact with the wall may probably have been percussion rifle shells, as some of the turrets are known to carry 8-inch rifles, but no fragments were found, nor do any of the officers report indications of rifle projectiles by sound or otherwise, with but one exception. The commanding officer of Battery Wagner reports one by sound to have passed over, fired by the Ironsides. Nine shots were fired at Moultrie at distances-of turrets, 1,300 yards; of Ironsides, 1,700 yards. An 11-inch shot struck down the flag-staff at thirty-seven minutes past 3, passed through the roof of the quarters, penetrated the wall of the ordnance store-house, about 2 feet thick, and dropped in the room; another struck the glacis and ricochetted over the fort; a third, a 15-inch shell, burst at the water's edge, a fragment of which was found; the others passed over. Five shots were fired at Battery Bee, without effect, at a distance of about 2,000 yards; one fell behind the breakwater; another passed along the front of the battery and burst; the other passed over. Six or seven were fired at Battery Beauregard, at a distance of 2,000 yards, without effect; two 11-inch shot were found. Two were fired at Cummings Point without effect; one at 1,200 or 1,300 yards, from Ironsides; the other at 1,400 to 1,500 yards, from a turret. Four were fired at Battery Wagner; one from Ironsides sounded like a rifle shot passing through the air; one grazed top of traverse; another exploded over the battery, sending a fragment into a traverse.

A single turret, which fired her two guns simultaneously, ceased to fire one of them at about 4 o'clock, half of the port being closed the remainder of the action; cause not visible. They were frequently struck upon their decks, and several shot were seen sticking in the hull of one of them, and from another steam issued when struck upon it. A castiron bolt, rifle 42, struck a leveled plate or guard around the base of a turret, which curved and turned one end up.

The projectiles generally broke in pieces, as could be seen by fragments falling in the water, or bounded from the vessel. One, after striking, was observed to drop and rest at the foot of the turret. Several of the smoke-stacks were penetrated.

A lookout appeared on top of one of the turrets, apparently observing the effect of the shot; at the flash of a battery from Moultrie he instantly disappeared.

The casualties are slight. At Sumter 5 men were wounded by fragments of masonry and wood. One of the negroes engaged at work at the fort, who was sitting on the berm of the western face, was wounded by a brick knocked from the parapet and falling upon his head.

