
cers and men, special credit is due for sustaining the shock and with their powerful armament contributing principally to the repulse.

The garrison of Fort Moultrie, under Colonel William Butler, seconded by Major Baker and the other officers and soldiers, upheld the historic reputation of that fort and contributed their full share to the result. The powerful batteries of Battery Bee were commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Simkins, and were served with great effect .

Battery Wagner, under Major C. K. Huger; Comings Point Battery, under Lieutenant Lesesne, and Battery Beauregard, under Captain Sitgreaves, all did their part according to their armament.

Indeed, from the reports of the commanders, it is hard to make any distinction where all did their duty with devotion and zeal. Those cases which have been ascertained will be found in the reports of the subordinate commanders. The steady preparation for receiving a renewed attack by the officers and the good conduct and discipline of the troops, especially in the garrison of Fort Sumter, where the labor was necessarily great, have been quite as creditable as their conduct under fire.

While service in immediate action is that which is most conspicuous, after such a result as has been accomplished, the greatest credit is due to that long, patient, and laborarious preparation by which our works and material, never originally intended to withstand such an attack as has been encountered, have been so rescued as to enable our gallant and well-instructed officers and men to obtain their end with comparatively small loss. In that preparation the late Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Wagner contributed much on both sides of the channel, and Colonel Rbett, Lieutenant-Colonel Yates, Major Blanding, and other officers of Fort Sumter have been more or less engaged since the fort fell into our hands two years since.

Colonel Butler, Lieutenant-Colonel Simkins, and other officers of the First South Carolina Infantry have been for more than a year engaged at the works on Sullivan's Island.

Besides these, various officers of engineers and other branches of the department staff, known to the commanding general, have been at different times principal contributors in the work, and, although in the limits of this report it is impossible to mention all to whom credit is due, it is well that works like these, without which in such emergencies as the present personal gallantry avails naught, should be appreciated.

During the seven days while the presence of the fleet threatened action Captain William F. Nance, principal assistant adjutant-general on the district staff, performed his difficult duties in the administration of a command of 20,000 men in a prompt, judicious, and efficient manner. He was assistant by Lieutenant H. H. Rogers and W. H. Wagner, aides-de-camp.

Captain F. B. DuBarry, district ordnance officer, was especially active and energetic in the supply of ammunition and material for the batteries. He was assisted by Lieutenant C. C. Pinckney.

Captain B. H. Read, assistant adjutant-general; Colonel Edward Manigualt, and Lieutenant Colonel St. Clair Dearing, volunteers upon the staff, were present during the action at Fort Sumter.

Captain E. M. Seabrook, volunteer aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Schnierle, enrolling officer and acting aide-de-camp, were generally with me during the active period, and all were energetic and prompt in the discharge of the duties required of them.

Captain John S. Ryan acted on my immediate staff.

To Major Motte A. Pringle and Norman W. Smith, post and district

