
seen to penetrate her turret and hull, and she retired in forty minutes, riddled and apparently almost disabled.

At twenty-five minutes past 5 p. m. the whole fleet withdrew. The iron-clads has been under our fire for two hours and twenty-five minutes.

The Keokuk has sunk; one monitor was towed south on the morning of the 8th April, instant; several were apparently injured, and the fact has been demonstrated that iron-clads of the monitor class are not invulnerable.

The enemy's fire was mostly ricochet and not very accurate; most of their shot passed over the fort and several to the right and left. The great portion of their shots were from 1,300 to 1,400 yards distant, which appeared to be the extent of their effective range. Some shots were from a greater distance, and did not reach the fort at all.

For the effect of the fire of the enemy upon the fort I would respectfully refer to report of engineer.

One 8-inch columbiad, old pattern chambered gun, exploded. This gun was being fired at about 1o elevation, and it is my opinion that its bursting was caused by the shot rolling forward when the gun was run shot should be used. One 42-pounder rifled gun was dismounted by recoil and temporarily disabled. One 10-inch columbiad was disabled by again ready for action in a few hours. The garrison flag received a shot through the union. The regiment flag was much torn by fragments of shell.

The garrison, consisting of seven companies First South Carolina Artillery, were disposed as follows, viz:

1. Captain D. G. Fleming, with Company B, 78 men, in command of east parapet battery, assisted by Lieuts. F. D. Blake and Iredell Jones. Lieutenant J. M. Rhett, Company A, although on sick report, was assigned temporarily to Company B.

2. Captain E. H. Harleston, with Company D, 74 men, ion command of northeast parapet battery, assisted by Lieuts. McMillan King and W. S. Simikins.

3. Captain J. G. King, with Company F, in command of northwest parapet battery, assisted by Lieuts. A. S. Gaillard, John Middleton, and W. H. Johnson.

4. Captain J. R. Matchel, with Company I, 78 men, in command of west parapet battery, assisted by Lieutenant J. J. Alston.

5. Captain J. R. Macbeth, with Company E, 77 men, in command of northeast casemate battery, assisted by Lieutenant E. S. Fickling.

7. Captain C. W. Parker, with detachment Company C, 55 men, and detachment Company E, in command of northwest casemate battery, assisted by Lieuts. G. E. Haysworth and K, Kemper.

8. Lieutenant w. H. Grimball, with regimental bank, 15 men, in command of second tier casemate battery.

9. Lieutenant Clarkson, with detachment of 25 men of Company B, Charleston Battalion, posted in second tier of casement as sharpshooters. Lieutenant-Colonel Yates, having reported for duty on the morning of the 7th April, was assigned to the immediate command of the parapet batteries. The casement batteries were under the immediate command of Major Ormsby Blanding.

The following is the number of guns brought into action: Two 70-inch Brooke guns, four 10-inch columbiads, two 9-inch Dahlgrens, four 8-inch

