
columbiads, four 8-inch navy guns, seven banded and rifled 42-pounders, one banded and rifled 32-pounder, thirteen smooth-bore 32-pounders, and seven 10-inch sea-coast mortars.

The following were the officers of the staff: Lieutenant S. C. Boyleston, adjutant; Captain T. M. Barker, assistant quartermaster; Captain S. P. Ravenel, acting chief of staff; Rev. N. Aldrich, chaplain; Sergt. Major C. P. Grundshig, and Quartermaster Sergt. William Nicoll. Lieutenant Charles Inglesby was officer of the day; Lieutenant J. G. Heyward was officer of the guard; Lieutenant E. P. Ravenel was acting ordnance officer, assisted by Lieutenant James B. Heyward, lieutenant of ordnance.

The medical department was under charge of Surg. M. S. Moore, assisted by Asst. Surg. Samuel Muller. Mr. Edward White was present as acting engineer officer.

The members of the Signal Corps were T. P. Lowndes, Arthur Grimball, and Joseph Seabrook.

Seven officers of General Ripley's staff were present during the engagement, and in the absence of General Ripley tendered their services to me. Captain Benjamin Read, assistant adjutant-general, Colonel Edward Manigualt, and Colonel St. Clair Dearing; were present, having tendered their services to me. Mr. LaCoste also was present and rendered efficient service.

With regard to the conduct of the garrison it is impossible for me to draw any distinction. Officers and men were alike animated with the same spirit, and I cannot speak in too high terms of their coolness and gallantry throughout the action. All acted as though they were engaged in practice, and the minutest particulars of drill and military etiquette were preserved. For expenditure of ammunition I would respectfully refer to inclosed report of ordnance officer. For a list of casualties I would also refer to inclosed surgeon's report.

At 9 o'clock a. m. April 8th the Keokuk was seen to sink near Morris Island Beach, where she now lies.

Respectfully submitted.

ALFRED RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Military District.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Return of killed and wounded in the First Regiment South Carolina Artillery in the action of the 7th of April, 1863.

Wounded.

 Killed	 Dangerous	 Severely	 Slightly	 Total

 	 ly	 	 	 wounded

Officers	 ..	 ..	 ..	 ..	 ..

Non-	 ..	 ..	 ..	 2	 2

commissi

oned

officers

Musician	 ..	 ..	 ..	 1	 1

Privates	 ..	 ..	 1	 1	 2

 ..	 ..	 1	 4	 5

