
On the 5th the attacking fleet, consisting of eight turreted gunboats and the steam-frigate Ironsides, crossed the bar and took a position about 3 1\2 or 4 miles from this fort.

On the 7th it advanced in the direction of the harbor, one of the turret boats some distance in advance.

As soon as the leading boat come within range I reported the fact to the brigadier-general commanding, and received orders from him to commence the action.

Thinking that it was the object of the enemy to run by For Sumter I permitted the firing to be rapid at the commencement, using every precaution, however, to encourage deliberation in aiming. The boats engaged were at all times during the action within range of the guns of this fort.

About three-quarters of an hour after the first gun was fired the frigate Ironsides steamer up to within 1,600 yards, and took a position apparently with a view of taking a prominent part in the action. All the guns that could be brought to bear were trailed upon her and fired, and she in a few moments afterward moved out of range.

The fire was generally directed upon the boat in advance, and I think with some effect; shots were seen to strike frequently, many of them breaking to pieces.

The guns engaged were manned by Companies A, E, F, and G, First South Carolina Infantry, commanded respectively by Capts. F. a. Huguenin and R. Press. Smith, First Lieutenant E. A. Erwin, and Captain B. S. Burnet; the mortars by Company K, Captain C. H. Rivers, were fired with creditable accuracy.

Officers and men performed their duties with spirit and celerity.

During the action the flag-staff was cut down by a shot from the enemy, which in falling struck Private Lusby, Company F, First South Carolina Infantry, causing his death in a few minutes. This was the only casualty of any importance. One gunner, Private Harrison, Company G, lost a finger by some inadvertence in running a gun into battery, but returned to his post after getting his wound dressed.

When the flag was struck down Captain W. H. Wigg, A. C. S., promptly placed the regimental flag in a conspicuous place upon a traverse. Captain G. A. Wardlaw, acting quartermaster, and Lieutenant and Adjt. Mitchell King and First Lieutenant D. G. Calhoun were likewise prompt in placing the battle and garrison flags in conspicuous positions. Major T. M. Baker, First South Carolina Infantry, was wherever his service would be most useful.

The ordnance officer, Second Lieutenant Thomas Williams, was at his post at the magazine. Much credit is due to him for the good condition of the gun-carriages and other ordnance stores.

I have the already submitted a report of the amount of ammunition expended.

The guns engaged consisted of nine 8-inch columbiads, five 32-pounder rifled and banded guns, five smooth-bore 32-pounders, and two 10-inch mortars.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM BUTLER,

Colonel First South Carolina Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. C. HANE,

Adjutant Forces Sullivan's Island.

18 R R-VOL XIV

