
Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Simkins, First South Carolina Infantry, commanding Battery Bee.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT OF FIRST INFANTRY, Battery Bee, April 13, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that at about 2.30 p. m. on Tuesday, the 7th instant, the officer of the day reported to me that the monitor fleet of the enemy, accompanied by the Ironsides, was approaching. I immediately ordered the long roll beat, the guns were manned, and everything got in readiness for action.

On reaching the battery nine iron-clads, including the Ironsides, were observed slowly making their way up Ship Channel. At times four of the monitors proper were in line of battle in advance, the Ironsides and others in rear. While waiting the nearer approach of the enemy instructions were given that the left section of battery, commanded by Captain Warren Adams, should commence firing on an order from me, to be followed, first, by Captain William T. Tatom, commanding center section, and finally by Captain Robert De Treville, commanding section on extreme right, and that the fire should be concentrated on the leading vessel until otherwise directed.

The advance vessels, still numbering four, took their positions, alternately ranging front 1,800 to 2,000 yards from the battery.

At 3 o'clock p. m. Fort Moultrie opened on the enemy, followed by Fort Sumter. Ten minutes later (3.10 p. m.) this battery opened fire. At this time the fire became general from all the outer forts and batteries in the harbor and the advanced iron-clads of the enemy, which fired slowly, directing their fire principally at Fort Sumter. An occasional shot was fired at this battery, none of them doing any injury. As it was believed that the object of the enemy was to pass the batteries and enter the harbor the firing at first was rapid, but at all times no his intention, the firing at first was rapid, but at all times deliberate and well directed. When it became evident that such was tinned so until the Keokuk advanced in closer ranger to Fort Sumter and this battery, at which time the order was given to fire more rapidly and to concentrate it on her.

Two hundred and eighty-three solid shots were fired from this battery, Captain Adams firing 126; Captain Tatom, 84, and Captain De Treville, 73. Of this number many were distinctly see to strike the vessels armed at, and, it is believed, doing serious damage in many instances.

At 5.30 p. m. the enemy's fleet withdrew and all firing ceased.

The officers and men of this command did their duty.

I am happy to state no casualties occurred at this battery, and believe the command to be as effective as it was prior to the engagement.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. C. SIMKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding,

Captain WILLIAM GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

