
Numbers 11. Report of Captain J. A. Sitgreaves, First South Carolina Artillery, commanding Battery Beauregard.

BEAUREGARD BATTERY, Sullivan's Island, April 13, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that about 2 o'clock p. m. on Tuesday, the 7th instant, it was reported to me that the enemy's iron-clads, which have previously taken a position inside the bar, were steaming up main Ship Channel. I ordered the long roll sounded and all the guns of this battery to be manned forthwith, placing those men who were not engaged at the guns in position so as to be protected from the fire of the enemy.

As soon as the leading boat came within range and after Moultrie and Sumter had opened I directed the fire of two rifle guns and an 8-inch columbiad on that boat, and continued to fire on her until I was satisfied that it was not her intention to pass the forts.

I fired rapidly at first, because I saw that she would soon reach a point on which my rifled guns could not be brought to bear. About this time the Ironsides came up and exposed her broadside, when I immediately directed the fire of the same guns on her, and paid more attention to her than any other boat during the fight. I occasionally to the guns used. About 4.30 I found that my supply of rifled project as and sent a messenger to the fort to know if I could be supplied, but received a message from Brigadier General J. H. Trapier in the mean time to cease firing altogether.

The guns that were engaged were manned alternately by detachments from Company K, First South Carolina Artillery, Lieutenant W. E. Erwin commanding, and from Company B, First Infantry, Captain J. H. Warley commanding.

I am satisfied that the Ironsides was struck several times by shot from this battery, and I think one or two others were also struck, with what effect it is impossible to say except form reports since the engagement, which lead us to believe that the enemy were considerably damaged.

I have reason to be satisfied with the firing and the cool, deliberate, and detachment aspect which characterized both men and officers during the engagement.

I inclose fired several rounds at us, none of which took effect. There were no casualties from any cause whatever.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. A. SITGREAVES,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 12. Report of Lieutenant Colonel A. T. Dargan, Twenty-first South Carolina Infantry.

MORRIS ISLAND, April 7, 1863.

Considerable damage apparently done to the iron-clads. Marks of

