
shot are visible on their decks and through smoke-stacks; decks of one considerably torn up. Two men mortally wounded in Battery Wagner, 1 since dead, 2 seriously; 2 slightly wounded by explosion of ammunition chest.

A. T. DARGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN.

Numbers 13. Report of C. K. Huger, South Carolina Artillery, commanding Artillery on Morris Island.

BATTERY WAGNER, Morris Island, April 8, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that during the engagement yesterday this battery fired twenty-two shots and the one at Cummings Point sixty-six; nobody hurt at Cummings Point; but I regret to have to report that from the accidental explosion of an ammunition chest I have had at this battery eight casualties, viz: Killed, Sergt. G. W. Langley, Privates Amos Fitzgerald and Jerry Dyer; wounded, Second Lieutenant G. E. Steedman, not dangerously; Corpl. Mathew Martin Thomas Prince slightly. Total, 3 kileld and 5 wounded ==8; all of the Mathews Artillery, Captain J. Raven Mathewes.

There was no opportunity for any display of gallantry, but all did their duty with cheerfulness and promptness. The guns of this battery were of too light a caliber to be of much service, but those at Cummings Point, under the immediate command of Lieutenant Lesesne, of First Artillery, were much heavier, and the firing was particularly good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. K. HUGER,

Major, Commanding Artillery, Morris Island.

Colonel R. F. GRAHAM,

Commanding, Morris Island.

Numbers 14. Reports of Colonel A. D. Frederick, Second South Carolina Artillery, commanding Fort Johnson, James Island.
HEADQUARTERS AT EAST LINES, April 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that one of my companies-- Company I, Captain Humbert-stationed at Fort Johnston, had a small share in the glorious little fight of the 7th instant with the turreted iron-clads in Charleston Harbor.

About 2.30 o'clock of that afternoon eight iron-clads were seen approaching for the purpose of engaging Fort Sumter, and when within easy range they opened fire upon her. My guns of heavy caliber at that post, being so placed as to bear only upon the inner harbor, could not be bought to bear upon the iron-clads; but in our anxiety to "have a place in the picture," and in order somewhat to test the range of a 10-inch mortar in that direction, I authorized Lieutenant Boliver, in charge, to open fire from it, which, after being fired twice with shell,

