
filled and plugged, and the object sought attained, was ordered to be discontinued.

The officers and men were all eagerly anxious to play a part in the engagement, and we only regret that our position was such as to prevent our having a more prominent place in an engagement which does so much credit to all concerned.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

A. D. FREDERICK,

Colonel Second Regiment Artillery, South Carolina, Commanding

Colonel C. H. STEVENS,

Comdgs. Eastern Div., James Island.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. JAMES ISLAND AND SAINT ANDREW'S, McLeod's, April 14, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

I reached Fort Johnston some twenty minutes after the engagement be tween the monitors and the forts and batteries had commenced on the 7th instant, and finding that the mortar located at Fort Johnson was not effective, the range being too great, ordered the firing discontinued after two shells had been thrown. Battery Glover was not engaged at any time.

Respectfully,S. P. GIST,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 15. Report of Lieutenant W. T. Glassell, C. S. Navy, commanding C. S. S. Chicora.

C. S. GUNBOAT CHICORA, Charleston Harbor, April 13, 1863.

GENERAL: Having made a visit to the Keokuk this morning with a view to observing the effect of your batteries upon her iron turrets I succeeded in procuring the trophies, which it affords me much pleasure to forward to you, viz, two United States flags, two pennants, and three springs, lanterns, &amp;c.-which are on board the Chicora.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. GLASSELL,

C. S. Navy.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPELY.

Numbers 16. Thanks of the South Carolina Legislature.

RESOLUTIONS OF THANKS TO THE TROOPS FOR THE DEFENSE OF CHARLESTON HARBOR.

Resolved unanimously, That the gallant defense made by our officers and men in Charleston Harbor against the first onset of the foe entitle them to the thanks of the whole country, and under the blessing of a kind Providence is hailed as the harbinger of a still more glorious victory.

