
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be sent to the general commanding this department.

IN THE SENATE, April 9, 1863.

Resolved, That the Senate do agree to the resolutions.

Ordered, That they be sent to the House of Representatives for concurrence.

By order:

WM. E. MARTIN,

Clerk of the Senate.

IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, April. 10, 1863.

Resolved, That the House do concur in the resolutions.

Ordered, That they be returned to the Senate.

By order:

JOHN T. SLOAN,

Clerk of the House of Representation.

Numbers 17. Report of Captain Henry S. Tafft, U. S. Signal Corps, Chief Signal Officer Department of the South.

OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., April 14, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of signal operations in connection with the recent attack upon the works of the enemy near Charleston. Officer were assigned to the different commands and naval vessels in the order stated below.

Captain H. S. Taff on flag-ship Ben De Ford; Lieutenant H. Clay Snyder with Major-General Hunter; Lieutenant G. S. Dana with General Seymour; Lieutenant C. F. Cross with General Terry; Lieutenant T. L. Hatfield with Colonel Metcalf; Lieutenant E. H. Hickok with Colonel Guss; Lieutenant William Reynolds with Colonel Putnam; Lieutenant T. C. Vidal with chief quartermaster; Lieutenant F. E. Town, Admiral DuPont, on Ironsides; Lieutenant George Stroops on sloop of war Canandaigua; Schouler and Richardson with General Stevenson; Lieutenant Pierce with Colonel Davis; Lieutenants Fletcher and Gibbs with General Ferry; Lieutenant Holbrook with Colonel Howell; Lieutenant Davis with Colonel J. J. De Forest; Lieutenant Cooley on gunboat Sebago.

Admiral DuPont sailed from Hilton Head on the morning of the 2nd instant for Charleston Bar. Major-General Hunter and staff sailed the following morning, reached Edisto, and anchored inside the bar, remaining until the 5th. Arrival off Stono Bar same evening and communicated with army fleet inside. Morning of the 6th moved up to Charleston Bar, where were lying at anchor the naval blockading fleet and the iron-clads.

Communication was immediately opened between the headquarters of General Hunter, the flag-ship, and the sloop of war Canandaigua. During the preceding night the column of our forces under command of Colonel Howell arrived at the head of Folly Island. The signal officer with them opened communication at once with the flag-ship, thus giving the first information to be commanding general by signals of our possession of the island.

