
embarked at Beaufort on board the United States transport Flora, with Brigadier General Isaac I Stevens, commanding Second Division, Department of the South, for James Island, South Carolina. On Monday, the 2nd June, I reached James Island, and the troops were landed. On Tuesday, 3rd, a reconnaissance in force was made by the troops composing the First Brigade. That the gunboats might be made of service in this affair I was ordered by Lieutenant Keenam, chief signal officer, on board the United States gunboat Unadilla, Captain Collins, and immediately opened communication with Lieutenant Keenan on shore. The enemy in front of our forces held a position in the woods, where they had planted a masked battery. These woods were entirely concealed from the Unadilla by intervening woods; but previous to the advance of our troops Lieutenant Keenan, so stationed that he could see both that fire through me that the 11-inch shells from the Unadilla were doing as much execution as if the enemy's position had been in plain sight. When our forces were thrown forward General Stevens sent me the following message: "Fire as rapidly as possible and we will taken their guns." This was done, and the next message was, "Cease firing." Soon after came the message, "We have taken three of their guns." Thereafter, up to the day of the assault upon the Tower Battery, hardly a day elapsed that I was not doing signal duty on board one of the gunboats, in communication with Lieutenants Keenan, Tafft, or Hickok. I did signal duty on gunboats Unadilla, Pembina, Henry Andrews, Hale, and Ellen. These vessels after the occupation of James Island fired hardly a shot except under my directions, and in all reconnaissances I was at my post and in constant communication with the signal officer on shore.

On the day of the assault on the Tower Battery I was on the gunboat Ellen, and for an account of services rendered that day I respectfully refer you to the official report of General Stevens, to those parts of it wherein I am mentioned, once in connection wit Lieutenant Tafft and again by myself.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. HOWARD,

First Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

SAMUEL T. CUSHING,

Captain, Second Infantry, Acting Signal Officer, in Charge.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General S. R. Gist, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN DIVISION,James Island, S. C., June 12, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose report to Lieutenant-Colonel Capers, commanding detachments engaged on the 3rd inst. on James Island, and to add, from personal observation, my testimony to the gallant bearing and conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Capers and the officers and men engaged in the affair. The prisoners wee forwarded to Charleston on the same day to the provost-marshal. A short time after the

