
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FLAG-SHIP JAMES ADGER, Port Royal, April 13, 1863.

Lieutenant F. E. TOWN,

Acting Signal Officer, Department of the South:

SIR: Your services being no longer required afloat, you will please report accordingly to Lieutenant Tafft, chief signal officer.

I avail myself of this occasion to express my warm commendation at the zealous and most efficient manner in which you performed your almost ceaseless duties in keeping up communication between the reserve squadron outside and the fleet of iron-clads inside the Charleston Bar, in whose attack upon the works of the enemy you participated.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. E. DuPONT,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

FLAG-SHIP JAMES ADGER, Port Royal, April 13, 1863.

Lieutenant GEORGE STROOP,

Acting Signal Officer, Department of the South:

SIR: Your services being no longer required afloat, you will please report accordingly to Lieutenant Tafft, chief signal officer.

I avail myself of this occasion to express my warm commendation at the zealous and most efficient manner in which you performed your almost ceaseless duties in keeping up communication between the reserve squadron outside and the fleet of iron-clads inside the Charleston Bar.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. DuPONT,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

APRIL 9, 1863.--Destruction of steamer George Washington, near Beaurefort, S. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Rufus Saxton, U. S. Army, commanding District of Beaufort.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Joseph R. Hawley, Seventh Connecticut Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General W. S. Walker, C. S. Army, commanding Third Military District.

Numbers 4.-Captain Stephen Elliott, jr., Beaurefort (S. C.) Artillery.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Rufus Saxton, U. S. Army, commanding District of Beaufort, S. C.

BEAUFORT, S. C., April 9, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the total loss of the steamer George Washington this morning opposite the Brick yard under the following circumstances:

On yesterday she started in company with the U. S. gunboat Hale for

