
Whale Branch, where are the latter boat was ordered to take her station. The Hale ran aground at the Brick-yard, while the Washington went on her way to the ferry. Finding that the Hale did not succeed in getting off she returned to her assistance. The two vessels anchored opposite the Brick-yard until 4 o'clock this morning, when the Hale started for her station. The Washington, instead of starting as she should have done, remained at her anchorage until daylight this morning, when the rebels opened fire upon her form a light battery of is rifle guns, which they had brought there during the night. The battery was about 1 1\2 miles from the boat. One shot struck the rudder of the boat and another, a shell, set the magazine and boat on fire, exploding directly in the magazine. The rest all escaped.

It is my opinion that the conduct of the officers in command of the two boats is deserving of the severest censure-that of the Hale for starting off before daylight without giving notice to the officer in command of the Washington, and of the latter for laying all night within gun-shot for the rebel's lines, giving been ample time to bring their light battery from the railroad station.

From all that I can learn the enemy is in considerable force in our immediate vicinity, and an attack may be expected at any moment.

Colonel Elwell has applied to Captain Moore for the steamer Darlington, which I had just repaired, now the Washington is lost. This vessel is absolutely essential until the present emergency is over. She less should she reach Charleston. I respectfully request that I may be allowed to retain her.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. SAXTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Report of Colonel Joseph R. Hawley, Seventh Connecticut Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Hilton Head, S. C., April 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report certain facts concerning the loss of the armed steamer George Washington.

I most respectfully declined obeying the peremptory order of General Saxton to send the Washington to Beaufort before she had completed the task assigned her by yourself, as I supposed, in protecting Captain Graef's operations. General Saxton, on board the Flora, went to Seabrook' and commanded the Washington to follow him to Beaufort, and Lieutenant Banding felt obliged to obey.

On the 8th the E. B. Hale and Washington started to go around Port Royal Island on a reconnaissance, conducted by Captain Briggs, Third Rhode Island Artillery. Before reaching the ferry the Hale got aground. At night she got off, and about 4.30 a. m. of the 9th started, without the knowledge of the officers of the Washington. The latter started

