
two 24-pounder brass howitzers and a 30-pounder James rifle gun. Two men of the crew were found mortally wounded and 1 dead. The wounded reported that 1 was burned up with the wreck, and among those who escaped several were wounded.

A detachment of Captain Cooper's battery, three Parrott guns, and Captain Stephen Elliott's battery, two guns, had been sent to intercept a gunboat moving toward Port Royal Ferry. She passed the ferry, however, before the batteries arrived. The Parrott guns were then used in shelling the pickets on the opposite shore, and exhibited great range and accuracy of fire.

Upon the night of the 10th two pieces of heavy artillery and nine of light, supported by three companies of infantry and three companies of cavalry, the whole under command of Captain Stephen Elliott, were sent to Chisolm's Island with boats for the purpose of raising the guns of the burnt steamer. It was found that the enemy had raised one gun, a 24-pounder howitzer. Captain Ellitt, with a section of the Beaufort Artillery, raised and brought to shore one brass 24-pounder howitzer, several Enfield rifles, and some portions of the vessels's equipments. With the means at his disposal he found it impracticable to raise the 2-0-pounder James gun. The enemy shelled the wreck from the opposite shore, making it dangerous to work.

There were no casualties in either affair on our side.

I take pleasure in stating that the artillery practice was excellent, and the whole command showed great promptitude and alacrity throughout the enterprise.

Captain Stephen Elliott exhibited his characteristsc coolness and skill as an artillery officer. Lieutenant E. H. Barnwell, Captain John H. Screven, and Lieutenant George L. Washington, of my staff, were zealous in the discharge of their duties, and rendered efficient service.

I inclose the report of Captain Stephen Elliott.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain Stephen Elliott, Jr., Beaurfort (S. C.) Artillery.

HDQRS. ARTY., THIRD MIL. DIST. OF S. C., April 14, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit a report of the capture of the armed steamer Georgia Washington by a portion of the artillery of this command on the morning of the 9the instant.

At 5 o'clock on the 8th instant a gunboat and a steamer were reported near Chisolm's Island, the formed aground and the latter making efforts to get her off. The following artillery forces were ordered to report at the causeway leading to the island, viz: Captain Lamkin, four guns; Cooper's North Carolina battery, three 10-pounder Parrott guns, and Company I, Eleventh Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Captain Campbell, two guns.

While the batteries were being brought into position the gunboat, which had now been set afloat by the rising tide, moved off toward Port Royal Ferry. General Walker then directed me to divided the guns and

