
to take one portion to the ferry with the view of intercepting her, and to order the other portion to open fire on the steamer as soon as should attempt to move. I directed Captain Lamkin with two guns and Lieutenant Stuart with four guns to remain, and sent forward the rest to the other point. At 5 o'clock a. m. the steamer gave indications of moving, and these guns were rapidly placed in battery by their commanding officers and a brisk fire opened upon her with 6-pounder shot and 12-pounder shell. After two rounds it was evident that she was disabled. She raised a while flag and drifted up the river and across to the opposite shore.

Upon hearing the firing I returned, and observing that her crew were attempting to escape into the marsh, opposite I directed the commanders of batteries to reopen fire upon them, and continued it until they had disappeared. She was now evidently on fire, and as soon as the explosion she had sunk in 4 feet of water, was burnt to the water's edge, and had carried two 24-pounder howitzers aft and 20-pounder Parrott pivot gun forward. There were 3 men in her yawl, which lay astern, 2 of them severely wounded and the third dead. They were taken ashore. Efforts were made to bring off one of the howitzers, which from want of proper means were unsuccessful. Attracted by the cries of wounded men in the marsh I entered it, but the reappearance of the gunboat rapidly approaching rendered it unsafe to remain any longer. As the wounded men has been left where they would not be perceived by the enemy and could not be assisted by us, I rode back with a flag of truce and directed the attention of the captain of the gunboat the them, and after some un-important conversation with him returned. No information of importance was elicited from the prisoners while in our possession.

The practice of our batteries reflected great credit on the gunners, conducted as it was at early dawn and at a rapidly moving object half a mile distant.

The expedition sent down two days afterward succeeded in getting off from the wreck a 24-pounder howitzer (which was buried on shore until it could be brought off with safety), the bell, and a small kedge anchor. A heavy and continuous shelling of the wreck from the opposite shore fordable all further attemptions ot secure the pivot gun. The enemy had already moved the other howitzer.

My thanks are due to Captain Earle, of the Forman Light Artillery, a volunteer, who rendered efficient aid during the attack upon the boat, and also to Captain Barnewell, of General Walker's staff, who upon both expeditions afforded me the most valuable assistance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN ELLIOTT, JR.,

Chief Artillery, Third Military District of South Carolina.

Captain JAMES LOWNDES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 10, 1863.-Skirmish on Folly Island, S. C.

Report of Colonel George Dandy, One hundredth New York Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS NORTH END FOLLY ISLAND, S. C., April 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the general

