
of the enemy. They were first perceived by the detachment of Marine Artillery, who disgracefully abandoned their pieces, leaving their officer, Lieutenant Sands, alone with them. Having deserted their pieces this detachment ran over a picket of my regiment stationed near there, and they also abandoned their posts without giving any information of the approach of the enemy.

The enemy, having accomplished their object, retired before I could bring either my guns or men to bear on them.

While the attack was being made on the pickets the enemy assembled on the opposite shore (Morris Island) and fired heavy volleys of musketry, no doubt to attack us in that direction. After the attack was over 6 of the Marine Artillery men could not be found, and the same was the case in the morning ensuing.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

G. B. DANDY,

Colonel One hundredth New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant McHENRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 12, 1863.-Destruction of the steamer Stonewall Jackson.

Report of Captain Charles T. Haskell, jr., C. S. Army.

BATTERY MASHALL, April 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The steamer Stonewall Jackson, just from Nassau, was fired into last night and chased ashore on Long Island by the Abolitionists. She was set on fire at daylight by her captain, and will prove a total loss. Her passengers, officers, and crew are now at this post, 54 in number.

It is a pity that she was fired, and she was under the protection of my battery.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES T. HASKELL, JR.,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM CREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 27, 1863.-Affair at Murray's Inlet, S. C.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph A. Yates, First South Carolina Artillery, commanding Fourth Military District.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MILITARY DISTRICT, Georgetown, April 29, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 27th, at sunrise, two of the enemy's vessels appeared off Muray's Inlet, and after shelling for two hours landed about 70 or 80 men, under protection of their guns, on a small island, and set fire to a schooner lying in the inlet and near the shore of this island, but out of reach of our rifles. They immediately retired to their boats, leaving one of their men, who

