
was captured by our pickets. There were four other vessels in the inlet, which they continued all the force I could spare from other points, and am prepared to resist them when they return, which I suppose will be very soon, to destroy the other vessels. I sent a section of artillery (two rifle guns) immediately up; also ordered down one of the companies of State troops, under Captain Boykin, who are stationed near Little River. Although not under my command ostensibly, yet are virtually so, they being within the limits of this district. At the time of their landing an effort would have been made to capture their party, but Major Emanuel had but one company at that point and one-third of those were on picket at the time; he consequently took position near the four vessels which were higher up the creek, hoping that they would attempt to come up in their barges to destroy them, but which they failed to do. They are not aware of our present force at that point, and no doubt will make another effort. If they do, I have so arranged it that I am in hopes of capturing the party.

The prisoner I send under guard by to-morrow's train subject to your order. From his statements (which circumstances render almost impossible) I have good reason to believe he was intentionally left as a spy.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH A. YATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel Artillery, Commanding Fourth Military District.

Captain NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MILITARY DISTRICT, Georgetown, May 5,, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on yesterday at sunrise two of the enemy's vessels appeared off Murray's Inlet, commenced and continued shelling until 11 a. m., when they sent a boat ashore with 7 men, 5 of whom landed on the beach, for the purpose, we suppose, of burning the vessels now lying there. Our men attacked them, killing 1 and wounding 3, apparently seriously, as they had to be assisted into the boat. It appears that some of our men were discovered by them too soon to admit of the capture of the others. Major Emanuel, in his gallantry. Arms of the man killed and 3 wounded I have turned in.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOSEPH A. YATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

