
any casualties on our side to report, and think it likely that the picket who hailed my boat was killed.

Very respectfully,

J. H. MICKLER,

Captain Company E, Eleventh South Carolina Volunteers.

Adjt. C. F. DAVIS,

Post Hardeeville, S. C.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DISTRICT SOUTH CAROLINA, Pocotaligo, S. C., May 26, 1863.,Respectfully forwarded to the general commanding. The necessary measures are being taken to induce a gunboat to come up Skull Creek.

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MAY 31, 1864.-Affair on James Island, S. C.

Report of Colonel C. H. Simonton, Twenty-fifth South Carolina Infantry.

HDQRS. FIRST SUB-DIV. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, Secessionville, May 31, 1863.

CAPTAIN; I have the honor to report that this morning about ten minutes after 4 o'clock a. m. a small party of the enemy, numbering about 200 at the most, effected a landing on James Island at the upper causeway, nearly opposite and against Legare's bourse. Lieutenant Lancester, in charge of the cavalry picket, as soon as the alarms was given, collected his picket and advanced to meet them. He was between them and Battery Island. He found them around Legare's house. As soon as they discovered him they advanced in his direction, attempting to outflank him. He fell back to the causeway between Grimball's and Battery Island, and there protecting his flank took position. The enemy ceased advancing upon him, and as he in turn advanced on them they retreated toward Battery Island. Some of the party escaped went to Battery Island, where they were taken off by a steamer in StoNumbers During this retreat the enemy shelled our men and fired grape from a gunboat in Schooner Creek as well as from a battery on Folly Island. The cavalry pickets were, at first 10 in number, increased to 18.

As soon as the news sent to me I at once sent forwarded four companies of Twenty-fifth Regiment, under Major Glover, with orders to engage the enemy in front, and at the same time sent Major Abney with his battalion around through the wood in front of Grimball's with instructions to proceed along the causeway from Grimball's to Battery Island. My orders were promptly obeyed, but the bird had flown. The skirmishers from both parties sent out by me met at the old house nearest to Battery Island, and then drove down to Battery Island, finding none of the enemy. Nearly every man had left Battery Island. A large gunboat (the Pawnee) lying above Battery Island commanded every approach to it.

19 R R-VOL XIV

