
proceeded myself to Green Pond to await the re-enforcements and accompany them.

Upon my arrival at Green Pond I learned that the gunboats had left the ferry, and reports from detached men arriving at the post satisfied me that the raid been successfully accomplished and that the enemy had retired.

At 11 o'clock p. m. the Twentieth Regiment South Carolina Infantry, Colonel Keitt commanding,arrived at Green Pond, and about the same time I received an official note from Captain Trenholm stating that the enemy had finally disappeared.

I refer to the inclosed reports for the details of operations.

The enemy burned four fire residences and six mills, and took off with them about 700 negroes, who are believed to have gone with great alacrity and to some extent with preconcerted arrangement.

Several intelligent negroes had recently escaped to the enemy, among them a pilot reported to be thoroughly familiar with the river. This will account for the boldness and celerity of the enemy's movements.

I beg to inclose with reports issued to Major Emanuel* (to whom an excellent map of the country had been sent), with a copy of a circular to planters, which had been posted at the railroad stations in my district, and copies of which had also been sent to two of the gentlemen whose property has been lately destroyed.

The troops had been located about 3 miles nearer to Field's Point, but two successive commanders, viz, Lieutenant-Colonel Jeffords and Captain Bomar, had remonstrated against their troops being stationed there, on account of the extreme unhealthiness of the locality, and they were moved to Green Pond.

Ballouville is about 3 1\2 miles east of Combahee Ferry, and I had proposed to station an infantry command there, but its surgeon sent in an official statement that troops could not be retained in that locality on account of malarious disease.

As the conduct of the officers and several non-commissioned officers and privates of this command is be investigated by official examination I refrain from an expression of opinion in regard to it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 50. Pocotaligo, February 23, 1863.

In case the enemy land and advance from Port Royal Ferry the pickets at Cowpens, at Mackay's Point, and on Kean's Neck road near the bridge over Chisolm's Island, will remain concealed from observation; all the rest will retire in the direction of the main body at Leverett's, watching the movements of the enemy. A picket at Leverett's will climb the tree at that post and send report to headquarters. Should the enemy land at Mackay's Point only, all the pickets will retire save those at Port Royal Ferry and Chisolm's Bridge. Upon the arrival of the pickets at

---------------

*See inclosure to Lay's report.

---------------

