
Garden's Corner a squad will be sent down the Combahee Ferry road. They will conceal themselves at the side of the road and watch. They can sent report of the enemy's advance up that road by any one of those by-roads leading into Combahee River road. A large squad will also be sent up the Sheldon Church road; the main body will proceed by the Stony Creek road over the Hospa Bridge, a courier will be dispatched by the road from Camp Pemberton at the spring thorough the parsonage, to inform the pickets returning by the Sheldon Church road. Should any portion of the enemy advance by the Sheldon Church road, the large number of the squadron will take the Union road and make a close observation of the enemy from the observations on that road. The pickets will, whenever the cover permits, exchange shots with the enemy, but particularly at the Hospa Bridge,at obstructions on Sheldon Church road, at Dr. Henry Fuller's, at Mrs. Eustis' Couseway, at obstructions on Union road. In all contingencies the chief of the square (who must always be designated) in observation will send to headquarters from time to time to time couriers with information of the advance and strength of the enemy.

These orders will be read every day for one week in each cavalry company. A copy will be supplied by every company commander to all his officers and non-commissioned officers, to whose attention the extreme importance of familiaring themselves with the main roads any by-roads of the country of operate in is commanded.

By order of Brigadier-General Walker.

JAMES LOWNDES,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 112. McPhersonville, May 26, 1863.,* * * *

XV. The recent false alarm of the pickets stationed on Combahee River was not justified by circumstances. Before giving such an alarm the pickets should have ascertained positively whether a boat had landed or not and how many men were in it. If only 5 or 6, it is the duty of the pickets, if only 2 should be on post, to engage them. It a large number, it is the duty of the pickets to fire a signal for their comrades and closely watch the enemy's movements. As these troops have but recently arrived in this district, and may be ignorant of existing orders, they are warned that if another groundless alarm is given the pickets will be court-martialed. If sufficient courage is not shown in watching the enemy pickets will be subject to the charge of cowardice and to be tried by court-martial.

By order of Brigadier-General Walker:

JAMES LOWNDES,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD MIL. DIST., Pocotaligo, March 27, 1863.

The attention of planters and other slave-holders in this military district is called to the following communication from department headquarters:

