HDQRS. DEPARTMENT SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., March 23, 1863.

GENERAL: It is wish of the commanding general that you advise all planters and owners of negroes in your military district to remove their negroes as far as practicable into the interior of the State, as otherwise they are liable to be lost at any moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. F. O'BRIEN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

By order of Brigadier-General Walker:

JAMES LOWNDES,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Major W. P. Emanuel, Fourth South Carolina Cavalry.

HDQRS. TROOPS BETWEEN ASHEPOO AND COMBAHEE, June 6, 1863.

Captain JAMES LOWNDES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: On the morning of the 2nd of June the pickets reported to me that three gunboats had arrived at Field's Point and were landing a force. In a few minutes after a courier reported that a gunboat was within 1 1\2 miles of the pontoon bridge over the Combahee River. I immediately ordered Captain Godbold to send a detachment of 20 men, under Lieutenant Gilchrist, to Field's Point to check the advance of the enemy and harass them as much as possible. Captain Godbold, with the balance of his men, was ordered to remain at Stokes' Causeway to support position there. Lieutenant Breeden was ordered to take prevent the enemy landing in that direction. Two pieces of Captain Bomar's artillery were also ordered there, but before arriving there Lieutenant Hendrix informed me that he had just heard from a reliable source that the gunboat had passed the bridge and was going on up toward the railroad bridge. I immediately ordered Lieutenant Hendrick to turn back with two pieces and take a position so as to prevent the enemy from reaching the railroad. Lieutenant Breeden reported he arrived at Mr. Heyward's place within one hour after the picket's report from the pontoon bridge had been received, and found the buildings on that place and Mr. Lowndes' in flames, and the enemy, about 60 strong, retiring to their boat. One gunboat was at that time at the bridge. Lieutenant Breeden opened fire upon them, which was kept up until they got under cover of their guns, when he retired to the cover of the woods from their shell. I arrived on the ground shortly after and found the enemy retiring to their boat, which was then lying at the bridge. I also learned that another party of about the same number had landed from another boat below on Mr. Lowndes' place. Mr. Lowndes' overseer came down and informed me that some of his negroes were trying to escape. I immediately ordered a portion of Lieutenant Breeden's company to go the overseer to prevent their leaving, who succeeded in bringing back about 30. The balance of the company remained at the foot of the causeway to watch the boat, which still remained at the bridge. After moving down the river about half a mile and back to the bridge

