
for several times she finally moved down the river about half a mile below Mr. Lowndes' and anchored, when I moved Lieutenant Breeden's company down to Mr. Lawndes'. Shortly after getting to Mr. Lowndes' place I received intelligence from Captain Godbold that the enemy were advancing in force toward Stokes' Couseway. I left Lieutenant Breeden to follow the boats had passed below the causeway, and, procuring a guide, I proceeded to Stoke's Causeway. Before reaching the causeway I received intelligence that the advance guard had driven those of the enemy within Mr. Middleton's mill. Arriving at the causeway I found that Captains Godbold and Bomar had advanced toward Middleton's mill to dislodge the enemy. I overtook Captain Bomar's battery a short distance beyond the causeway and ordered him to proceed as rapidly as possible. Before reaching the mill, however, a courier reported that the enemy had evacuated and fired the mail nd had attack them at Field's Point. I soon after heard firing in that direction, and I supposed Captain Godbold had engaged them. I ordered Captain Bomar to move down we discovered a boat lying not far from the bluff, which left just before the artillery came up. I then ordered them to Field's Point to try to cut of the boat. On riving at the road leading straight down to Field's Point we found ourselves almost surrounded by the enemy, who opened fire in every direction, except the way we came from. Thinking that Captain Godbold's men had fired into them through mistake I rode into the road, and looking down toward Field's Point I discovered a gunboat had taken a position so as to command the causeway. On turning around on my horse to look after Captain Bomar, who had been fired into, I and Lieutenant Hewitt, who were in the road, were fired into again from almost every direction. Upon looking around I discovered a good many negroes standing in the edge of the swamp, commanded by one white man. I ordered the artillery to fire into them. After firing into them several times, not knowing the enemy's force or position, the woods being very dense, i ordered the artillery to move back in the direction of Tar Bluff. After arriving near Tar Bluff I met with Lieutenant Breeden, with his command, who had just arrived. I immediately ordered Lieutenant Edens to take a part of Lieutenant Breeden's command and scour the woods to Field's Point. Lieutenant Breeden was ordered around with the remainder of his command to take the main road leading to Field's Point, which he did, and arrived at or near there about sundown. Lieutenant Edens arrived before him, and on their arrival there they could se nothing of the enemy, as they had retired. Captain Godbold states that he had attacked the enemy at the same point we were fired into and had driven them back, when they commenced shelling from their boats. When he moved back to secure his horses the enemy advanced again, and I suppose Captain Golbold was with his horses when we were fired into.

In regard to the number of boats I cannot say with any certainly, as the report conflict; some of the pickets report they saw three, others but two. If there were three, one must have remained at Field's Point all day. If it had not been for our ignorance of the country and of the position of the enemy at Field's Point we might have succeeded in capturing the greater portion of the enemy that landed there.

We only had one man wounded. I am not able to say what damage was done to the enemy. I have been informed that the most of the property near the river from Field's Point to Combahee Bridge has

