
been burnt. I cannot say with any certainty as to the number of negroes that escaped, but suppose it to be between 500 and 600.

Please find inclosed the officers's reports.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. EMANUEL,

Major, Commanding.

Captain JAMES LOWNDES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Report of Captain H. Godbold, Fourth South Carolina Cavalry.

GREEN POND, June 6, 1863.

MAJOR: Agreeably to orders, on the morning of June 2 (instant) I proceeded to Stokes' Causeway to meet the enemy, who was said then to be marching in a direction for Green Pond. I remained there until about 1 or 2 o'clock, when I received information they the enemy were burning houses as they advanced, and hearing at the same time a discharge of small-arms in a direction for Middleton's mill, supposing the firing to be Lieutenant Gilchirst, who was sent with an advance guard, I immediately proceeded in that direction to re-enforce him. On arriving at Mr. Middleton's place I met with Lieutenant Gilchirst, who informed me that the enemy had set fire to the mill and gone aboard of his boats, the localities of the country I advanced with my command mounted. I soon found that I was in range of their gunboats, my picket at the same time encountering the enemy's pickets, driving them from their post. Here, amidst a furious fire of shell from the enemy's gunboats, I ordered my command to secure horses out of the immediate range of their shell, sid mount, and advance on the enemy. Just about this time I received orders to report with my command at Tar Bluff. Soon after I report there the enemy ceased firing from their boats, and I was informed had moved off and all was quiet.

I am, major, your most obedient servant,

H. GODBOLD,

Captain Company F.

Major W. P. EMANUEL.

Numbers 4.

Report of Lieutenant P. L. Breeden, Fourth South Carolina Cavalry.

CAMP GREGG, S. C., June 6, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 2nd day of June, 1863, about 7 o'clock a. m., I was ordered by yourself to take my command and proceed to Colonel W. C. Heyward's plantation, on Combahee River, near the pontoon bridge, to prevent the enemy from advancing our on the causeway to Colonel Heyward's settlement; but on approaching Colonel Heyward's place I was immense volumes of smoke, and on arriving at the upper end of the colonel's settlement I discovered a

