
considerable number of his buildings enveloped in flames. I met the picket near the upper end of Colonel Heywards' settlement. I inquired the location and number of the enemy. They could not inform me of the location, but stated they were at least 60 strong. I immediately threw out skirmishers, when I took the remainder of my command and advanced cautiously down the main road, endeavoring to get a position at a small breastwork near the end of the causeway, which I succeeded in doing; but on my arrival there I discovered the enemy retiring on the causeway toward their boat, which was lying near the pontoon bridge in such a position as to command the causeway. The enemy's vanguard was some 30-0 yards distant. I ordered my men to open fire on them, which I kept up until they were entirely under cover and protection of their guns. When we opened fire the enemy returned it, retiring. The enemy proceeded to shell us rapidly for a short while. I fell back under over of the woods, &amp;c., at which time you arrived on the ground.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. L. BREEDEN,

Lieutenant, Commanding Company E, Fourth Regiment.

Major W. P. EMAUEL.

Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant A. E. Gilchrist, Fourth South Carolina Cavalry.

GREEN POND, S. C., June 6, 1863.

MAJOR: Agreeably to orders, on the morning of the 2nd instant I proceeded with 20 men as an advance guard on the direct road to Field's Point until I arrived at Middleton's plantation, some 4 miles from the Point, where I came up to the last picket. I inquired of him of the whereabouts of the enemy. His report to me was that he was within 1 1\2 miles of him, on the main road from Green Pond to Field's Point. Not knowing the locality of the country, I dismounted my command and took Mr. Middleton's negro driver as a pilot. My design was to get in his rear and cut him off from his gunboats. After proceeding about a mile on the right, from the road that leads from Green Pond to Field's Point, I found the enemy strongly posted in Mr. Middleton's mill-house, on the bank of the Combahee. I drove in all of his pickets and advanced within 200 yards of the mill-house. I found that his force was much superior to mine and that I could not dislodge him from his position. I then posted a picket on the right, left, and center of the house, and kept him in his position until one of the gunboats came down the river and took him off. I then marched my command back to the road leading from Green Pond to Field's Point, when in a few minutes Captain Godbold came up with the remained of his company and took command. In the skirmish at the mill all of my command behaved with credit to themselves and their country's cause.

I am, major, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

A. E. GILCHRIST,

Lieutenant, Commanding Advance Guard

Major W. P. EMANUEL.

