
Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant William E. Hewitt, Fourth South Carolina Cavalry.

CHISOLMVILLE, S. C., June 5, 1863.

On the morning of the 2nd June it was reported to me by one of the men on post at Field's Point that two Yankee boats had anchored off and in about 100 yards of the guard-house; arrived there about 4 o'clock in the morning. I received the new from there about 5.30 o'clock and immediately sent a dispatch to report to you, and before my courier got out of my sight I discovered a second one coming to report and called him back-that is my courier-and got the report of the second, which was that the Yankees had landed men and were on the march, and as soon as my courier returned I left him in charge of the guard-house at Chisolmville and at one proceeded to Field's Point to ascertain the position and strength of the enemy; but when I arrived at Middleton's place I found that the picket had fallen back to that place, and ascertained of him, ot the best of his knowledge, of the whereabouts of the enemy, at the same time saying that the enemy was at Middleton's mill, and so soon as I could learn what they were up to I immediately reported. I also found Lieutenant A. E. Gilchirst, with a detachment of 20 men as advance guard, who was in pursuit of them.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

W. E. HEWITT,

Lieutenant, Commanding Guard.

Major W. P. EMANUEL.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain W. L. Trenholm, Rutledge Mounted Rifles and Horse Artillery.

CAMP RUTLEDGE M'T'D RIFLEMEN AND HORSE ARTY., McPhersonville, June 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 2nd instant I was ordered by the brigadier-general commanding to proceed to Green Pond Station with Captain Wescoat's and my command, consisting of three companies of Eleventh South Carolina Volunteers, Captain J. J. Wescoat commanding, 159 men;two [companies] Rtledge Mounted Riflemen and Horse Artillery, of which there were dismounted, under Lieutenant W. H. Jeffers, 57 men, and mounted, under Captain J. J. Magee, 31 men, making in all, and exclusive of hospital attendants, 247 men, and to co-operate with Major Emanuel in whatever manner circumstances might point out as most advisable.

I reached Green Pond at about 2 o'clock p., and learning that the force originally at that post was disposed thus, viz, two guns of Captain Bomar's battery and one company of calvary in the direction of Stokes' and Field's Point, two guns of same battery at Salkehatchie Bridge, and the other company of cavalry, under Major Emanuel himself, near Combahee Ferry, I ordered Captain Magee to move forward rapidly to Stokes', and to support the forces opposing the enemy's demonstration from Field's Point. I put the infantry in motion in the same direction, and sent Captain De Suassure, of the brigade staff, who had been assigned

