
to duty with me, to communication with Major Emanuel, and also sent a mounted detachment to establish a line of estafettes between the Cumbahee road and that by which my command was advancing, and took post myself for the time at the terminus of the line, about 3 miles above Stokes'. The lates information from Major Emanuel was that the enemy was advancing in force from Field's Point and their vessels were still lying near Combahee Ferry. My intention was to attack vigorously the force near Field's Point, and if successful in defeating them to post the artillery at Tar Bluff to intercept the return of the enemy's vessels, and to assist Major Emanuel by sending a detachment up the river road. He my command reached Green Pond at noon I have reason to believe that this could have been done, and that the enemy would have been well punished for his atrocities. At 2.45 p. m. I received a message from Captain Magee that he had information from Madame Tadini that there were large fires in the direction of Chisolmville, and fearing that the enemy, while attracting our attention at other points, was arriving at the Asheppo Bridge, I considered it proper to delay the infantry and to send Sergeant Barnwell with a mounted force to ascertain the condition of things beyond the Cheeba. In this reconnaissance he experienced a vexatious and unexpected delay in consequence of the removal of the the bridges on the most direct route, and it was not until 5.30 p. m. that he returned and reported everything quiet. I then pushed on, but on reaching a point about a mile beyond Stokes' met Major Emanuel's Point. I accordingly allowed my command to seek shelter from the descending rain around Stokes', and remained there for the night, so reporting to the brigadier-general commanding, who had meanwhile arrived at Green Pond, and to whom I had previously sent Captain De Saussure to explain the position of affairs.

On the 3rd instant I had previously sent Captain De Saussure to explain the position of affairs.

On the 3rd instant I borught my command back to McPhersonville, where it arrived at midnight. I take pleasure in bearing testimony to the zeal and efficiency of the officers and the very orderly conduct and cheerful endurance of the men under my command. I made areful inquiry, and could ascertain no injury done to private property by their presence except the burning of a few rails at Mrs. Girardeau's plantation me the night of the 2nd instant, and this I consider fully authorized by the state of the weather and the impossibility of procuring other fuel. I felt my usefulness of the country derived from Corpl. R. H. Barnweel and Private H. M. Stuart, of B. V. A., who accompanied me, and also by the use of an excellent map from district headquarters.

Very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

W. L. TRENHOLM,

R. M . R. and H. A.,

Captain, Commanding Expedition.

Captain JAMES LOWNDES,

A. A. A. G., Third District.

No. 8. Report of Captain John F. Lay, C. S. Army, Inspector of Cavalry.

HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., June 24, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedient to orders from department headquarters I

