
Captain White; Sumter Guard, Lieutenant J. Ward Hopkins, and the Calhoun Guard, Captain Miles, to perform this duty, while Lieutenant-Colonel Gaillard took command of the center and left as a reserve. It was well and nobly performed, 22 prisoners being captured, including a captain and sergeant, all of the One hundredth Pennsylvania Regiment. The prisoners in our possession and the enemy driven back to his support (which promptly took position in and behind the row of negro houses) the boats opened a brisk fire on us, while we received our only damaging fire from the negro huts. I therefore ordered a retirement to the wood, which was performed in good order and under cover of the fire from our left, where the remainder of the Charleston Battalion, with three of my companies, were posted. I deemed it proper by the general's directions. I would have retained the woods had I had a force sufficient to cover my right, which was open to the enemy and immediately under the fire of his boats.

The following is a list of the casualties of Beauregard Light Infantry, Pee Dee Rifles, and Evans Guard.* The report of Lieutenant-Colonel Gaillard, which is herewith forwarded, shows the result in his command, which makes our total injury sustained 17 wounded (1 of which was mortal) and 1 missing.

From a prisoner captured on Saturday last I learned that Lieutenant Walker was not dangerously wounded and was doing well, being held a prisoner at Legareville. The same prisoner informs me that many of the enemy were wounded, 2 having since died, and that several were killed. He represents the regiment engaged to have been the One hundredth Pennsylvania, and the reserve to have consisted of the Twenty-eighth Massachusetts and Forty-ninth New Yorks.+

The officers and men under my command behaved with coolness and determined bravery. I have no special mention to make of any one for distinguished behavior. Captain Cline surrendered his sword to Captain Ryan, of the Irish Volunteers, who now wears it as a trophy of his gallantry. To Lieutenant-Colonel Gaillard and his gallant command I return my thanks for their prompt and efficient support. The companies of the Twenty-fourth, after a long march and without break fast, went into the action with spirit and sustained it throughout.

With gratitude to God for our success, I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

ELLISON CAPERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-fourth South Carolina Volunteers.

Colonel C. H. STEVENS, Commanding Twenty-fourth South Carolina Vols.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel P. C. Gaillard, C. S. Army, commanding Charleston Battalion.
HEADQUARTERS CHARLESTON BATTALION,Secessionville, S. C., June 6, 1862.

SIR: Learning on Tuesday, the 3rd instant, that you were engaged with the enemy at Legare's, and that they were in larger force than

---------------

*Nominal list omitted shows 1 officer (Lieutenant A. J Mims) and 8 men wounded.

+The Union regiments were the Twenty-eighth Massachusetts, Eighth Michigan, and One hundredth Pennsylvania.

---------------

