
the enemy did not advance, and he, continuing to fall back, lost sight of them and saw them no more. Soon he was met by the detachment under Lieutenant Gilchrist and reported to him. Lieutenant Gilchrist then went on toward Tar Bluff, leaving him in charge of the horses, and soon after he heard firing form that direction.

Corporal Wall, chief of picket at Combahee Ferry, state that about 6 or 6.30 a. m. on the 2nd June, 1863, a steamer came in sight of his post at the pontoon bridge; that he immediately sent a courier to Major Emanuel at his camp; he mounted his men, and as they crossed the bridge he saw a fire some distance down the river, but upon whose plantation he cannot say. As they passed over the long causeway leading from the brigade to Colonel W. C. Heyward's they were fired on twice from the boat; when they reached the upper end for the causeway they saw the boat approach the bridge and land a force. He then sent another courier to Major Emanuel to inform him that the enemy were landing. A party of 25 or 30 who had landed did not approach the causeway, but marched up and down the bank under a flag. He sent on of his men around to the plantation of Mr. Charles Lowndes to ascertain if any party had landed there, and leaving one man at the head of the couseway, near to a breastwork, he galloped to Colonel Heyward's residence to inform him and to ask if he could render any assistance to get his negroes off. He then returned and saw the enemy marching up the causeway, 50 or 60 strong, of which number about 10 were whites only. He remained on horseback until they came within 500 yards, and then retired with his comrade to dismount, the their horses, return to the breastwork, and fire, and supposing that a party was in his rear, he did not return, but fell back, and was joined by another man from camp, who took charge of the horses. He watched and saw the party come up nearly to the breastwork and turn in at the gate leading to the residence of Colonel Heyward, and also say them when they commenced firing the buildings. A party of them went on toward the negro houses; he followed with his comrade and was fired on by them, and he returned the fire at about 300 yards. (This picket was armed with Enfield rifles, and this was the first time that they had fired at all, except Corporal Wall states that when fired on from the boat as he crossed the brigade he fired in return. Colonel Heyward states that is not a fact.) He retired back upon the road and saw the company under Lieutenant Breeden approaching; leaving his comrade he dashed to meet him, to urge him to some up at full speed. He (Lieutenant Breeden) came up promptly to where he (Wall) had left his comrade, dismounted his men, and sent out scouts, delaying some twenty minutes, and then moved on cautiously to the breastwork; when he reached there the enemy were retreating down the causeway, some 300 yards distant, with the stolen negroes in advance of them (Captain L. De Sanssure, of staff of Brigadier-General Walker, states that Wall told him to stolen negroes were in rear of them, scattered along the causeway, and that when they fired these negroes scattered to the right and left). Lieutenant Breeden fired on them; they ran, then rallied and returned the fire. He did not advance or pursue them. Very soon the boat left, and Lieutenant Breeden with his command moved toward Field's Point. As we approached we heard firing there, and when we reached there, riding slowly, the enemy had gone.

Corporal Wall denies a conversation as reported to have been held by him with Mr. Hughes, the oversee of Colonel Heyward, as will be hereinafter given, but says that he told Mr. Hughes that when Lieu-

