
that he (Wall) remained and urged him and offered to ride in advance and show him; that he marched his command down the road slowly and carefully, halting every few steps; that he then dismounted and moved on slowly, peeping over the fences, &amp;c. The lieutenant (Breeden) finally said to his men, "Men, if you choose, you can go down." After as little they went down to the breastwork. The buildings were on fire and the enemy and negroes gone down the causeway some 300 yards; they fired on them, and the fire was returned by the party on shore and form the boat. To an expression of disgust employed by me Wall replied, "If Captain Dogbold and his company had been here the property would have been saved."

Mr. Pipkin (overseer for Mr. Charles Lowndes) states that about 6 a. m. on the 2nd June, 1863, a negro from the barn came to him and told him that two boats were in the river and nearly up; he looked and saw them near to the steam-mill. They anchored at mouth of Kack's Creek (2 miles by water form the ferry); they landed a party of some 25 or 30, a portion of whom came toward the mill and settlement and a portion toward the causeway leading to Colonel Heayward's. I ordered the stock to be driven out to pine land and followed it out. I had ordered the negroes to the woods, but they refused to obey, and scattered. I remained out until I saw the troops coming down from Green Pond, and coming very slowly. (This was after they had been net by Colonel Heyward, according to his statement, and hurried by him.) They rode up faster when they saw me and came up to me. Lieutenant Breeden asked if I had any report from the Yankees? I told him the facts, and that I knew the place well, and would guide him anywhere he wanted to go. He went on at a slow lope and halted at the corner of Colonel Heyward's fence. While there one the pickets came up and stated to him as reported in the testimony of Mr. Hughes just given in. After a long talk he sent a scout of 6 men, not toward Colonel Heyward's, but at right angles to the Combahee road, down Mrs. Smith's advance; he then went on to Colonel Heyward's draw-bars, at his first settlement (about one-fourth mile on), and dismounted his men, and sent 10 men through bars and street of the negro settlement to Colonel Heyward's residence. By this time the houses were burned and the enemy and most of the negroes had left the premises. The remainder of his command he moved slowly down the road toward the breastwork, looking cautiously over the fences. He stopped (Pipkin) at Mr. Lowndes' gate, on the opposite side of the road, with the horses left, to guide any party which they might send in tat direction. As soon as the boats commenced shelling Lieutenant Breeden retreated with his command back to the horses and his men stopped in the shade. (The distance from the breastwork to the bridge where the boats were lying is 1 1/4 miles, over a causeway, with rice fields and marsh on either side, and by this narrow causeway the enemy were compelled to approach and retire in coming to Colonel Heyward's. The breastwork commands the causeway, and the whole position is a very strong and safe one, and might be held by a small force successfully against large odds.) He asked Lieutenant Breeden for a party to go into Mr. Lowndes' plantation with him. He gave 2 men only. He (Pipkin) went then within 400 yards of the barn-yard, and there met 2 negroes coming away, who told him that the enemy and all of the negroes were then at the barn-yard. He left the 2 men to take these negroes to the street and guard them and others, and, putting spurs to his horse, went back at full speed to Lieutenant Breeden and found him in the same place, and told him what he (Pipkin) had seen, and that if he would take his men in that he (Pipkin)

