
except by a small escort, too small to improve any opportunity presented to him for action.

In accordance with instructions from department headquarters charges have been prepared be me and preferred against Major Emanuel and Lieutenants Breeden and Hewitt. Proper steps have also been taken by Brigadier-General Walker to bring to trial the pickets at the several points named. This course I feel satisfied will result in public good.

This raid by a mixed party of blacks and degraded whites seems to have been designed only for plunder, robbery, and destruction of private property; in carrying it out they have disregarded all rules of civilized war, and have acted more as fiends than human beings. Fortunately the planters had removed their families, who thus avoided outrage and insult. The enemy seem to have been well posted as to the character and capacity of our troops and their small chance of encountering opposition, and to have been well guided by persons thoroughly acquainted wit the river and the country. Their success was complete, as evidenced by the total destructions of our fine residences, six valuable mills, with many valuable out-buildings (the residence of Mr. Charles Lowndes alone escaped), and large quantities of rice. They also successfully carried off from 700 to 800 slaves of every age and sex. These slaves, it is believed, were invited by these raiders to join them in their fiendish work of destruction. The loss of Messrs. Nickols and Kirkland was very great - an entire loss, including for the former a large and choice library, valued at $15,000.

It is pertinent to add in this report that upon the receipt of the dispatch at district headquarters prompt measures were taken by the brigadier-general commanding to send troops to the proper points of support as specially reported by him, and that with reference to his system of outposts I found the most energetic measures in existence to secure vigilance and to guard against surprise, both by the issuing of instructions and the regular visiting of the different posts by Captain L. D. De Saussure, most industrious and efficient in the discharge of his duties as inspector of outposts.

Exhibit F* is a copy of a report of Captain De Saussure, who had made a partial investigation of this raid before my arrival; his facts in the main agree with mine.

Respectfully submitted,

JNO. F. LAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Inspector Cavalry.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff, &amp;c.

[Inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,McPhersonville, May 19, 1863.

Major W. P. EMANUEL, Commanding at Green Pond:

MAJOR: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say that you will require the officers of your detachment to familiarize themselves with the localities and lines of defense in the district of country under your command, a map of which will be sent to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES LOWNDES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Only a fragment found.

---------------

