
[Inlcosure C.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD MIL. DIST.,

McPhersonville, May 29, 1863.

Your attention is respectfully called to the following extract from a late Yankee paper:

The New York Tribune says that the negro troops at Hilton Head, S. C., will soon start an expedition, under the command of Colonel Montgomery, different in many respects from any heretofore projected.

The Yankee papers have frequently indicated their movements, and it would be well to be on the lookout and consider your plan of operations on the various routs of approach.

Should any number of negroes cross our lines for such purpose boldness and confidence will be sure of success against any disparity of force.

maneuver to get a body of troops in their rear to cut off their retreat, and when they are routed the cavalry will pursue at a gallop, charging as forages should they take to the woods. Those taken prisoners will be closely guarded and watched night and day by a large detail, and turned over to the State authorities as soon as practicable.

By order of Brigadier-General Walker:

JAMES LOWNDES,

Captain and City Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure D.]

Extract from investigation report of Colonel John F. Lay, Inspector of Cavalry, February 2, 1863.

* * * * * * *

These two companies (F and I have composed for some time a portion of the command of Major Emanuel, who was absent from his command upon the occasion of my visit to his camp (to be hereafter reported). I met him in Georgetown only a few hours. It is evident that the command did not prosper under him; they have not improved as they should have done, nor are they now actively engaged in the work of improvement, Major Emanuel is not now immediately connected with them. I am informed by the officers tat they drill only twice a week. They alleged as excuse heavy duties. Now, it will be seen from this report that the duty is very light, and no reason exists why a regular and systematic daily drill, mounted and dismounted, should not be had. The companies are good companies, and need this, under efficient officers, to take their proper position.

* * * * * * *

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. F. LAY,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure E.]

Statement of William C. Heyward respecting the Combahee raid.

On Tuesday, June 2, 1863, at 6.15 a. m., servant knocked at door, stating that the driver, who was with the hands at work in lower fields, sent up word that there were three Yankee boats coming up the river.

