
Immediately got up and sent word to him to bring up the hands and take them back into the woods. On first going out could not see the boats in consequence of a bend in the river. Took my glass, and on going about 100 yards from house saw a large ferry-boat, with United States flag flying, upper deck crowed with people. She name up very slowly; sent a small boat ashore; 7 men landed; walked to and from causeway blowing a horn and waving a small flag. after standing and watching boat and their proceedings for some time, say fifteen or twenty minutes, the driver came up with the hands; again gave the order to him, "Take the hands back into the woods." Asked driver if any of the pickets had passed up causeway to report; he replied, "No one has passed up since I went down to work this morning." Examined with glass carefully picket station at ferry; saw the horses standing quietly hitched. Yankee boat at that time within 1 1/4 miles of them. One of my hands then said, "Here they come." On my asking, "Who?" he replied, "The pickets." on again looking down causeway saw 4 men coming up, one much ahead running his horse; two shots were fired at them from boat. He came up to me and reported, "Yankee boats in river." Told him that fact was known by me at least one hour since. Asked why they were so slow in reporting. He said, "Ordered not report until we are certain of facts thought perhaps they might be our boats." Asked if he wa the first to start to give information; he said, "Yes." Asked if any one had gone to Pocotaligo he said, "No." Told him to hurry on to Green Pond for troops. During this time boat kept coming up, but very slowly; it was about three-fourths flood; she passed safely the point where the torpedoes wee placed, and finally reached the bridge at the ferry, which they immediately commenced cutting away; landed, to all appearance, a small force at Mr. Middletown's, and in a few minutes his buildings were in flames. On again examining causeway carefully saw a body of men advancing in regular order, double-file; watched them closely and counted ten files, or 20 men; did not observe that they were negroes; waited until they were within 400 or 500 yards of gate, and no help coming, took horse and left for Green Pond. About 3 miles from plantation met 9 men on horse-back, advancing slowly; told them the state of things. Officer commanding said he wished the company was with him. Observing the company coming on about one-half mile off, told him of it; went on and, meeting the company, told officer commanding the state of affairs below; heard him give the order to trot or gallop. Then went on to Green Pond and telegraphed to General Walker; whilst doing so the artillery company passed station on their way down. In a very few minutes two pieces of artillery returned; officer asked the road to Salkehatchie Bridge; told him it was 14 or 15 miles distant, and that General Walker was only 5 or 6 miles from it; said he was ordered to got here, and started. Returned to plantation as fats as possible and found, as expected, that the troops had ben too late in getting down, the buildings being in flames and the negroes gone or doing of the causeway and bridge when they arrived. On my return the boat was about one half mile below the bridge; do not think she ever passed up beyond it. My negroes who were left report that the party coming up causeway divided, part going off to burn the mill, the rest coming on up to dwelling house; they also state that was but one white man, all the rest negroes. They burnt every building on plantation except the negro quarters.

WM. C. HEYWARD.

