
yourself, I assembled the five companies of my battalion (one, the Charleston Riflemen, being already with you) to re-enforce you. On reaching the scene of action and receiving orders I disposed of them as you directed. Soon after joining you called on me for three companies to join in a charge on the buildings occupied by the enemy, and the Irish Volunteers, Sumter Guards, and Calhoun Guards were designated for that duty, and well did they respond. By some misapprehension a part of the Union Light Infantry also joined in the charge, but being more remote, had not reached the buildings when our forces were ordered to retire.

I would here remake that the Charleston Riflemen, previously under your command, was designated by yourself as one to join in the charge. I joined in the charge also, but seeing you up with them, I fell back to take charge of the line in rear. I cannot in consequence designate any particular officer or man as deserving special note, but so far as my observation went all behaved well. Those who remained in rear kept up a steady fire on the enemy until ordered to retire.

It is due to my battalion to state that the Charleston Riflemen had been on picket duty the day and night before, and to other five companies had been on duty the day before, and were not relieved until 3 o'clock Tuesday morning.

My adjutant, Second Lieutenant Henry Walker, fell severely wounded near the buildings, and, I regret to say, could not be brought from the field (through a party did attempt it), and fell into the hands of the enemy.

The following is a list of casualties in Charleston Battalion in skirmish of June 3:*

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. C. GALLARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Charleston Battalion.

Lieutenant Colonel ELLISON CAPERS.

JUNE 6, 1862.-Affair at Port Royal Ferry, S. C.

Report of Colonel W. S. Walker, C. S. Army, commanding Third Military District of South Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,McPhersonville, S. C., June 7, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report a detail of 20 men of the Beaufort Artillery, under Captain Stephen Elliott, as a boat party, supported by 40 infantry of Company I, Eleventh Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Lieutenant E. B. Layless commanding, and 15 of the Rutledge Mounted Riflemen, under Lieutenant J. C. Warley, the support being under my immediate command, proceeded to the Port Royal Ferry on the night of the 6th instant and destroyed the flats which had been used by the enemy on the night of May 29 in crossing the river to attack the railroad, wounded severely 2 of the enemy's pickets, and set fire to the ferry-hours. No loss upon our side.

I am indebted to Captain Stephen Elliott, who is a sailor as well as a soldier, for the efficient organization of the expedition. He exhibited coolness, adroitness, and resolution in successfully carrying out his

---------------

*Nominal list omitted shows 8 enlisted men wounded and 3 missing.

---------------

