
that neck of land to the town. The boats followed around the run and received them at the bluff, while two other boats lay off in shelling distance.

A great number of shell and some grape thrown from the time we fired on them. One sergeant of the company of the Eleventh Regiment was slightly injured by a shell. I do not know the amount of injury the enemy sustained.

I would state that Captain Earle's battery and Captain Smart's company were stationed about 6 miles from my camp and nearly in an opposite direction from Bluffton, to meet any advance which might be made from Red Bluff. Captain Leadbetter's company was at Hardeeville, 8 miles from my camp, and in an opposite direction from Bluffton.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Detachment.

Captain JAMES LOWNDES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., AND FLA., Charleston, June 30, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for information of War Department. A court of inquiry has been asked for by Lieutenant-Colonel Johnston, and will be given him, to inquire into his conduct on his occasion.*

G. T. BEAUREGARD,General, Commanding.

JULY 13, 1863.

Rather ineffectively managed, I fear. The court of inquiry will, however, determine.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain John F. Lay, Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army, Inspector of Cavalry.

HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA., Charleston, June 20, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to orders from department headquarters I have visited the scene and made a through investigation of the facts connected with the recent raid of the Abolition forces at Bluffton, on the South May River, and the wanton and wicked destruction of valuable private property there committed. I have to submit the following report:

On the 1st day of June, 1863, Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson, of Colcock's regiment of cavalry, reached Camp Pritchard, 8 miles from Bluffton, and relieved Lieutenant-Colonel Stokes, of Rutledge's regiment of cavalry, with four companies of his regiment just brought together, and not previous to that time his immediate command. He established his camp and put his pickets under the same instructions given by his predecessor, not then changed in any respect.

---------------

* On August 17, 1863, Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson renewed application for a court of inquiry, and in reply, August 20, was informed that no court would be convened until it could be done without detriment to the service.

---------------

