
JUNE 8, 1863.- Affair near Brunswick, Ga.

Report of Captain W. M. Hazzard, Fourth Georgia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,Savannah, July 2, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward, for the information of the commanding general, a copy of a report received from Captain Hazzard, of the Fourth Georgia Cavalry.

I desire particularly to direct the attention of the commanding general to the good conduct of Lieutenant Grant and detachment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. MERCER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Charleston, S. C.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP WALKER, June 29, 1863.

COLONEL: Yours of this day's date, notifying me that Brigadier-General Mercer desired a report of the affair at Brunswick on 8th of June, has been received.

On teh morning of the 8th couriers reached camp about 10 o'clock with information that two gunboats and one transport towing two large boats loaded with troops had started from Saint Simon's Island in the direction of Brunswick. Previous information justified the belief that a temporary landing in Brunswick would be attempted. I therefore hastened to that point with the remainder of my command and reached there about 10.30.

Soon after leaving camp the heavy boom of cannon gave assurance that Sergts. J. W. Taylor and Alexander Burney, with the Brunswick pickets, had disputed a landing. The firing was incessant for about three quarters of an hour, when the boats withdrew.

Upon their approach these two gallant young officers assembled their pickets the edge of the bluff near the old wharf, and in a lying position gave them many well-directed rounds at a distance of about 150 yards. This picket was aided by men from two other posts. Corpl. A. E. Foreman, Corporal Lamb, and Corpl. T. E. Hazzard, when they saw the boats leave Saint Simon's Island, hastened with all the men they could spare to their assistance. Soon after arriving in Brunswick with the remainder of my command the boats ascended the river. Fearing for that safety of the salt-works, some 7 miles up the river, and taking it might only be for the purpose of drawing us from Brunswick, I ordered Lieutenant Grant with the detachments of Sergeants Taylor and Burney and such other men as I could spare, numbering in all some 30, to select a good position and dispute every attempt at landing and not to fire until a good chance presented itself, while I hastened with the remainder of the command to the salt-works. Upon reaching the works I found one boat lying at the mouth of the creek leading to them, while the other was returning to Brunswick, and as soon as the return boat reached Brunswick they opened a rapid fire. After firing some fifty shots the one threatening the salt works returned and joined the other at Brunswick. The firing became heavy. I hastened back, but the jaded condition of my horses did not allow me to

