
reach them before both boats had well-night exhausted their efforts at driving Lieutenant Grant from his position.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the gallant conduct of the men subjected to this heavy cannonade, frequently at not more than 150 yards; their conduct is particularly commendable owing to the fact that their fire was reserved. I also take pleasure in calling attention to the forethought and gallantry displayed by Lieutenant Grant, Sergeants Taylor and Burney, and Corporals Foreman, Lamb, and Hazzard. Their promptness in assisting the Brunswick picket added much in deceiving the enemy in regard to our strength. After this effort the largest boat, which was recognized as the blockader, returned to the sound, whilst the others again ascended the river.

Thinking the salt-works and the railroad bridge the points of attack, I withdrew Lieutenant Grant's detachment and hastened them to the salt-works, while a squad, under the guidance of Mr. Julian Burnett, who had that day shouldered his gun and volunteered his services, hastened to the bridge. Upon nearing the bridge, which was out of rifle-range, Mr. Burnett perceived the vandals had fired it, and no sooner were our men discovered than they commenced a rapid retreat to their gunboat in a barge. To get a shot at them Mr. Burnett conducted the squad to a point which the barge was forced to pass at a distance of about 100 yards, but which brought them within about 200 yards of the gunboats and transport, which by this time had taken position in rear of the gunboat. As the barge passed the squad poured a well-directed volley into it; 2 officers fell and 3 oarsmen appeared wounded. A second round made the remainder of the crew cease rowing until the boat had drifted out of range. The gunboat then opened fire, al;so their sooty allies on the transport.

After many harmless rounds the boats returned to the slt-works at about sunset and came to. Supposing their objected was to make a night attack, I divided my command, placing detachments respectively under command of Lieutenants Scarlett, R. S. Pyles, and H. F. Grant, who carefully watched their movements until morning. No further efforts were made at a raid, and both boats returned to the sound.

We lost one horse during the day from a grape-shot, but were belssede in losing no one; not even a wound was inflicted. A few days after, from the accidental bursting of a shell, we lost the heroic Sergeant Byrney.

Information, apparently reliable, states the enemy lost 3 killed, 1 officer severely, and others slightly.

Very respectfully,

W. M. HAZZARD,

Captain Company G, Fourth Georgia Cavalry.

Colonel D. L. CLINCH,

Commanding Fourth Georgia Cavalry, Waynesville.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 6, 1863.

Mention in orders the activity and foresight of Captain Hazzard and gallantry of Lieutenant Grant and command.

G. T. B.

