
JUNE 11, 1863,- Attack on Darien, Ga.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General H. W. Mercer, C. S. Army, commanding Military District of Georgia.

Numbers 2.- Captain William A. Lane, Twentieth Battalion Georgia Cavalry.

Numbers 3.- Captain W. G. Thomson, Twentieth Battalion Georgia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General H. W. Mercer, C. S. Army, commanding Military District of Georgia.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,Savannah, June 27, 1863.

GENERAL: Captain Thomson, commanding at the time Twentieth Georgia Battalion Cavalry, made a report concerning the burning of Darien, a copy of which was forwarded to you. Wishing a more detailed account, I called upon the officer in command of the pickets, through Major Millen, for a report, and forward you herewith copies of letters from Captain Lane, commanding Company D, and Major Millen, commanding battalion.*

It appears to have been impossible to concentrate a force sufficient to oppose a landing, and Captain Lane seems to have been misled by the size of the force to believe more extended operations intended, and to have acted with a view to protect teh large number of families and valuable property at the ridge until re-enforcements could arrive.

I regret exceedingly the impunity with which the enemy escaped.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your,

H. W. MERCER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff.

P. S.- Two troops are stationed there now.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. TWENTIETH BATTALION GEORGIA CAVALRY,Camp Jackson, June 19, 1863.

Captain WILLIAM A. LANE,

Commanding Company D:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the major commanding to call on your for a written statement of the landing at and burning of Darien by the enemy on the 11th instant.

You will particularly state the number of the enemy and the means used by yourself in defeating their purpose of landing and burning the town.

Respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

M. E. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant Twentieth Battalion.

---------------

* Major Millen's not found.

---------------

