
standing. This was done on the 11th instant. They came up the river in three gunboats, shelling ass they came along.

The officer in command of the picket states that between 150 to 200 negroes, under white officers, landed and burnt the town. They captured a pilot-boat, with about 60 bales of cotton on board. the men aboard of the pilot-boat state they did not have time to burn her; that they hardly escaped themselves. They carried off some few negroes - most of them were free - the number not known. They also captured 2 white woman, but afterward released them, telling them that they intend to come back and burn the whole of the houses on the ridge and along the coast. They the returned down the river and now lie outside of Doboy Island.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

W. G. THOMSON,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

Brigadier-General MERCER.

JUNE 11-13, 1863.- Operations on Little Folly Island, S. C.

Reports of Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, C. S. Army, commanding First Military District.
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA.

Charleston, S. C., June 12, 1863.

GENERAL: The enemy having advanced light guns to Little Folly Island yesterday to shell the wreck of the steamer Ruby, now ashore at Light-House Inlet, in accordance with directions Captain Mitchel, commanding the batteries on the south of Missouri Island, opened fire, silencing them at the second shot.

This morning I gave directions for him to open fir in case he observed any indications for work on Little Folly on the part of the enemy, and this afternoon about 5 o'clock, seeing parties apparently at work, he commenced shelling. About 50 men left Little Folly for the main island. The enemy replied from his batteries on Big Folly and his light guns, while his gunboats came up the creek northwest of the island and shelled the pickets at Oyster Point.

No damage has been done to our troops or batteries. Another mortar will be in position to-night, and Captain Mitchel has directions to prevent any nearer approach of the enemy, if necessary with all his guns.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA,Charleston, S. C., June 14, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that yesterday afternoon, the enemy having appeared to be at work on Little Folly Island, Lieutenant-Colonel Yates opened fire upon them, shelling them for about three-quarters of an four, putting a stop to their operations, which

