
plans. He with his boat party performed the most important and dangerous duty of the expedition. A few rounds of spherical case were fired to sweep the causeway while the flats were being towed off, which had the effect of rousing the whole island. Captain William Elliott, acting ordnance officer, and Lieutenant Ed. H. Barnwel, assistant adjutant-general, efficiently assisted me during the affair.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. WALKER,

Colonel, Commanding Third Military District.

Major J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 7, 1862.-Skirmish on John's Island, S. C.

Report of Lieutenant R. W. Crawford, C. S. Army, First South Carolina Cavalry.

CAMP WALKER,

John's Island, S. C., July 7, 1862.

The following is a correct statement of the casualties of the pickets of the First Regiment South Carolina Volunteer Cavalry in the skirmish with the enemy at their picket post on John's Island, June 7:

I was placed in command of the picket post at the fork of the roads leading to Legareville and Haulover Bridge, which picket numbered 26 men. Not expecting to be placed on picket when we left camp, we had not provided ourselves with forage and provisions, and consequently were reduced to the necessity of sending men back to each company to procure them, which, however, was not done without the consent of the captain commanding the regiment, and which also reduced us to 18 men. My orders when stationed there were to remain at the fork of the roads with the main body of the picket, and to place two vedettes down each road 2 miles distant, with orders to report tome on the first appearance of the enemy, which was done immediately when the enemy appeared and fired on the vedettes on the Legareville road. I sent couriers forthwith to report to Colonel Means (who with his regiment was only 2 miles in the rear) and to the other command on the island, and also a courier down the Haulover road for the two vedettes who were 2 miles distant, while I with the remainder of the pickets advanced down the Legareville road and met the enemy, whose force I discovered to consist of company of cavalry and detachment of infantry (or men on foot). By concealing my force in the woods I managed to engage and detain him until my vedettes on the other road arrived, after which we retreated in good order, firing as we went. The enemy's cavalry, perceiving that we were retreating, charged us, and three or four of my men left and felt. Fortunately for them I do not known their names and am unable to report them, as they justly deserve. The men were all strangers to me except three or four, as our companies had not been together but a few days, and there were only two men from my own company. I learn through Colonel Means that the three men that left me did not stop when they met him with his regiment, but ran through and reported that the enemy, were just behind, which contributed to his mistaking us for the enemy as he did, for he opened fire on us as soon

