
appeared to be erecting a shelter or batteries near the inlet. A close watch has been directed to be left up and their work to be stopped whenever attempted.

It is intended to throw an epaulement across the island to cover the camps and depots from such attempts as the enemy can make.

The main magazine for the detached batteries is completed, and the artillery principally supplied with ammunition.

It may be necessary to change the position of one of the guns now in battery, as from the points at which the enemy appeared to be working two or three of our batteries can be enfiladed. I have directed Lieutenant-Colonel Yates to make the necessary arrangements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff.

CORRESPONDENCE, ORDERS, AND RETURNS RELATING SPECIALLY TO THE OPERATIONS ON THE COASTS OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND MIDDLE AND EAST FLORIDA FROM APRIL 12, 1862, TO JUNE 11, 1863.

UNION CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

*HDQRS. U. S. FORCES BEFORE FORT PULASKI,

Tybee Island, Ga., march 30, 1862.

General JOSEPH G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: In reply to your letter of the 14th instant, asking for "some particulars of the operations by which guns and supplies were transported and batteries established at Venus Point and on the island opposite, whereby the navigation of Savannah River is controlled," I have the pleasure to submit the following, viz:

It was known by our commanding general before the middle of January that our gunboats could enter the Savannah River above Fort Pulaski, on the south side through Wassaw Sound, Wilmington Narrows (or Freeborn's Cut), and Saint Augustine Creek, and on the north side trough New River, Wall's Cut, and Wright River. Wall's Cut is an artificial channel connecting New and Wright Rivers, which the enemy had obstructed by an old hulk and numerous heavy piles. These obstructions had all been removed before January 12 by a detachment of our troops (infantry and engineers) under Major Beard, Forty-eighth New York, and their removal reported to Commodore DuPont by the middle of January, in order that gunboats could enter the Savannah through Wall's Cut and cover us in the erection of batteries. Mud River is also navigable at high tide for vessels of not over 8 1/2 feet draught. A joint expedition of land and naval forces was organized by General Sherman and Comodore DuPont to blockade the Savannah River above the fort. It consisted of one regiment of infantry (the Forty-eighth New York), two companies of New York Volunteer Engineers, and two companies of the Rhode Osland Artillery, with twenty guns of all calibers, viz: Two 8-inch siege howitzers, four 30-pounder

---------------

* Found too late for publication in Series I, Vol. VI.

---------------

