
my return, but will do so the first thing in the morning, If the gun-boats go through to-morrow the battery ought to be erected to-morrow night. My impression is that they will not got through until advices are received from the commodore. With our present knowledge of the river above Jones Island and the unknown difficulties connected with a lodgment on Elba Island I think the position proposed the best one known for clothing Savannah River. If one move is made by the gunboats to-morrow I shall try to examine Elba to-morrow night. The Pembina had not passed the Cut at 7 o'clock this evening. Our gunboats in Wilmington Narrows range from the Tybee, Martello Tower, just to the right of Fort Pulaski. I ascertained this from Colonel Rosa last evening. I took their bearing from the Unadilla to-day. By plotting these two bearings on the Coast Survey chart I find distance from the center to channel opposite Venus Point to be 2 1/4 miles. They cannot do much at this distance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General and Chief Engineer Expeditionary Corps.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

STEAMER McCLELLAN,

Port Royal, S. C., January 29, 1862.

Brigadier-General GILLMORE,

Commanding Engineers, Daufuskie Island:

GENERAL: Your communication of last night is received. Before deciding upon a site for battery you will of course make further examination. Examine northern end of Long Island; Elba Island if you can. After all it is quite probable that it will be decided that Venus Point or vicinity is the place. Your suggestion of having this battery put up in one night meets my views exactly. General Viele has force enough there to render any amount of assistance. The commodore will send another gunboat to Captain Rodgers to-day, and I hope two of them. You say nothing further of putting up a battery at the cut. It expedition, and this is an affair of engineers, and that much will depend on what you deem best on the spot. Communicate with me rapidly when necessary, and confer with Brigadier-General Viele and chief of artillery in everything you undertake. I write General Viele so as to insure a frank co-operation between you. I am anxious that the channel should be stopped as soon as practicable, but of course you are somewhat dependent on the movements of the Navy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

[Brigadier-General.]

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

DAUFUSKIE ISLAND,

Wednesday Evening, January 29, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Expeditionary Corps, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have your letter from on board the McClellan at Port Royal. I am sorry to say that the Navy appear discourage at the prospect of going round Cunningham Point. I have not seen Captain Rodgers to-day, but have just returned from the Pembina. Captain

