
time, but would probably be carried into effect near the mouth of Mud River. Lieutenant O'Roke will probably come to Hilton Head to-day for a few hours on some private business, and will report himself to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Chief Engineer, Engineer Corps.

[Inclosure Numbers 10.]

DAUFUSKIE ISLAND, S. C., February 6, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Engineer Corps, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: There is very little news here to report. The gunboats have made no move forward, not having yet received orders to do so. Yesterday I went up to Red Bank in the Hale to examine the works there. They possess no special interest, and the sketch taken by Major Beard will perhaps furnish you with all necessary information. The work in the rear was intended for one columbiad, but it had not been put in position. The two guns in the other work had been removed. My orderly followed me up New River in a row-boat. As he approached Box's house a squad of 70 to 75 cavalry appeared on the beach and opened fire on the boat. They were all mounted and equipped. They remained about Box's place until the gunboat approached on her return from Red Bank. they then left.

They day before yesterday, as my men were cutting a swatch across Jones Island to prevent the spread of fire 3 men were observed on the upper end of the island, one of them being up a tree looking around. They certainly mistrust something in that direction, The transportation of the poles for causeway still goes on, but as nearly all the fatigue force of the command is on this work nothing has been done on Jones Island in the way or lying them. I have, however, constructed a plank walk across to venus Point, over which I can transport, but hand or in barrows, sand bags and plank for the platforms. We want more force here if a battery os to be erected on Long Island during the construction of the obey on Jones Island. The laying of the causeway will be commenced to-day. Would it not be proper to make the exchange of Captain Sears' and Captain Place's companies while the latter is in waiting at Seabrook? i am retaining Captains Sears here until I hear from you.

Captain Hamilton and myself have concluded that an equal division of the armament brought along should be made between Venus Point and Long Island, leaving out the brass 24-pounder howitzer altogether. General Viele approves this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General and Chief Engineer, Engineer Corps.

[Inclosure Numbers 11.]

DAUFUSKIE ISLAND, S. C.,

February 6, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Expeditionary Corps, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have nothing new to report this p. m. It is so rough and windy that no great progress will be made to-day is transporting

