
battery material there as I case to trust in so exposed a position until the road on which to transport the guns is completed or the gunboats in Savannah River. I have also a very considerable quantity of materials ashore at the landing at Mud River. The balance of what will be required for the Venus Point battery is in boats within half an hour's row of the Mud River landing, so that I am prepared to complete the platforms and magazines of that battery within six hours after the gunboats enter the Savannah. As this movement is certainly excepted to take place very soon, perhaps within the next twenty-four hours, it is not presumed that the guns will be carried over the causeway. I am not therefore pushing it with that end in view, but shall carry it forward with as little delay as possible. What I expect to gain by landing battery materials on Jones Island now is time, for as soon as the lighters are left at venus Point with the guns for that battery the Mayflower can proceed directly to Long Island with the materials required for the work there. Think our row-boats on Mud River have been seen. Our gunboats (except one, I believe) passed the Cut yesterday. I am told that they intended to try the Mud River passage into the Savannah. The Mayflower hove in sight last evening, but still remains near the Winfield Scott.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier General Vols., Chief Engineer Expeditionary Corps.

[Inclosure Numbers 13.]

DAUFUSKIE ISLAND, S. C., Feb. 12. 1862.

General THOMAS W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Expeditionary Corps, Hilton HEad, S. C.:

GENERAL: Venue Point and the Savannah passage is held by a six-gun battery erected by us last night. If everything goes on well Long Island will be similarly occupied to-morrow night. I will to-morrow more in detail.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General and Chief Engineer.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 7. Fort Pulaski, Cockspur Island, April 13, 1862.

All persons of color lately held to involuntary service by enemies of the United States in Fort Pulaski and on Cockspur Island, Georgia, are hereby confiscated and declared free, in conformity with law, and shall hereafter receive the fruits of their own labor. Such of said persons of color as are able-bodied and may be required shall be employed in the quartermaster's department at the rates heretofore established by Brigadier General T. W. Sherman.

By command of Major General D. Hunter:

--- ---,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT AUGUSTINE, FLA., April 15, 1862.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,

Commanding Northern District, Department of the South:

I have the honor to report that (finding a constant communication

