
The prisoners consisted of a corporal and 3 privates of the Charleston Rifle Volunteers; have been interrogated by Lieutenant Wilson, who has taken down their information at length, and to whom I beg to refer you for further particulars.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISAAC I. STEVENS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. B. ELY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 8-9, 1862.-Affairs on John's Island, S. C.

Report of Brigadier General Nathan G. Evans. C. S. Army, commanding Second Military District of South Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MILITARY DISTRICT,Adams Run, S. C., June 11, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that I attempted to attack the enemy at Bryan's on John's Island, on the night of the 9th instant. Marching my forces within 3 miles of the bridge, I sent out a reconnoitering party to the bridge over Aberpoolie Creek, and after a through survey of the house found the enemy had retired to Legareville and left a small cavalry picket at the bridge. I ordered a company of cavalry to capture the picket. No report has been received yet.

In this connection I regret to report that on the evening of the 8th instant, on retiring from the enemy, the cavalry pickets were fired into by a company of the Seventeenth Regiment, which resulted in wounding 4 mortally, slightly wounding 4 others. This sad catastrophe resulted from the fact that the first men retiring hallowed, "Shoot the Yankees; they are just behind." As soon as the remainder approached our soldiers sent to support the picket fired into them with the above result.

On the morning of the 10th instant, my infantry troops much eared from exposure, I withdrew to the main-land, keeping six companies of cavalry and the Stono scouts on the islands. The approaches t other railroad are well guarded. I will keep the major-general informed of any movements of the enemy.

On the night of the 7th instant, on a reconnaissance, Captain Jenkins, of the Rebel Troop, shot and captured Private Patrick hayes, of the First Massachusetts Cavalry. He refused to halt. When captured Jenkins shot him through. Attempting still to escape, his horse was immediately shot and the prisoner secured and brought to camp. He Jenkins that Brigadier General Robert Williams, formerly of the U. S. Dragoons, commanded on James Island.

The spirit with which the troops of my command underwent their severe exposure is worthy of the highest commendation. Without any food for twenty-four hours and in a drenching rain proves that they are ready to repel the foe.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. R. WADDY, Asst. Adjt. General, Charleston, S. C.

