
Intelligence received through contrabands indicates that the enemy has no force of any importance at Wilstown or in the region to the westward of that place and below the railroad, as they agree that the troops were sent off by railroad soon after the fall of Pulaski. The enemy still keeps up his force at Adams Run, but his strength I cannot ascertain. It probably does not exceed two regiments, however.

On the 29th instant Captain Rhid, senior naval on this station, made in very dashing and successful reconnaissance of the Dawho River in the gunboat Hale, Captain Gillis, attacking and capturing a battery of the enemy mounting two 24-pounder guns without the loss of a man. This battery, situated on Grimball's estate, on the north side of the Dawho River, and about 2 miles below its junction with the South Edisto, and represented by Captain Rhind to have been well built and susceptible of a much stronger defense than was made by the enemy. As it stood some 300 yards from the bank of the river, with soft marsh intervening, it was impossible for him to bring off the guns, and he therefore burned the carriages and platform, after disabling one of the guns by firing the other against it and spiking both with files. The powder he brought away. As the existence and position of this battery was known I wa desirous of aiding, by a land force,, in its capture; but as Captain Rhind has as strong a force of his own as could be used to advantage no troops were sent. On his return he was attacked by infantry and field artillery of the enemy at a point below the site if the battery where the fast land, covered with woods, approaches close to the bank. The position seemed to have been well chosen, and it is almost a miracle that no one on board was hit. One of his guns was partially disabled by a shot from the enemy's artillery and another shot passed through the smoke-stack of the steamer. The escape from all casualties seems to have been due to the prudent forecast of Captain Rhind in covering his men, he having suspected that an attack might be made on him at that very point. The darkness likewise favored him. As the returned the fire from his broadside guns, loaded with canister, sharpened, and shell, it is probable that the enemy suffered severely.

I have not been able to obtain any late information in regard to the enemy's force between this and Charleston. No contrabands have come in from that quarter since I arrived here, and it is next to impossible to get intelligence through scouts out, as the enemy occupies all the landing places with pickets. No reconnaissance in force has been attempted for fear of exciting the suspicion of the enemy in regard to our designs, and I shall not attempt to gain information in that way without the sanction of General Benham. This I conceive to be in accordance with his wishes, as excepted to me in conversation. Some indications of malarious diseases seem to have presented themselves amongst the troops on the upper end of the island and at Little Edisto, and it may become necessary to withdraw the force to the lower part of the island in the neighborhood of the sea. Nothing will be done in this matter, however, until more certain indications of unhealthiness manifest themselves.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

