
created to check for the time any re-enforcement of Charleston from Savannah, and a strong impression would be created that Savannah is the point of contemplated attack. Additional means of creating alarm would be to arrange the hulk of one of our very large lighters (some 70 feet in length) with a pent roof of boards, blacken it with coal tar, make port-holes, and put in "Quaker" guns - in short make a sham iron floating battery, and send it up with the steamer and gunboats. We can easily construct such a sham battery in two days such a plan meet with your approbation.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SOUTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Key West, Fla., May 22, 1862.

Lieutenant E. W. SMITH,

A. A. A. G., Department of the South, Port Royal, S. C.:

SIR: On yesterday the transport steamer Mississippi arrived here from New Orleans with dispatches from Major General B. F. Butler, commanding Department of the Gulf, requisiting me to send him two regiment from my command for operations there; also tat I might furnish 500,000 rations. As the Department of the South has been created since the instructions of the general-in-chief, in February last, I of course informed General Butler that the regiments could not be sent to him without the consent of Major-General Hunter. I have ordered 200,000 rations to be shipped, as I can spare them, are General Butler fears he may run short before supplies can be sent him from the North.

The organization of the Department of Key West, as the general commanding must be aware, for a specific purpose, against an unexpected attack from a great naval power; and I know the Government did not expect either Key West or Fort Jefferson to be weakened by the removal permanently of any large number of troops. Supplies for 4,000 men for two years were ordered to both point before I was assigned to the command, and I was instructed to keep at least one and a half years' rations always on hand.

I will causally observe that in the applications of both Generals Butler and Arnold (each for two regiments) they do not invite me to accompany the troops.

The mutineers belonging to the New York Volunteer Engineer Regiment arrived yesterday. I have placed them in Fort Taylor, and shall put them to work, or undergo such punishment as they may deserve provided they refuse.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 23, 1862.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army:

SIR: A letter from yourself* has been shown my by chief quarter-

---------------

* Of May 10, to Captain Fuller, p. 341.

---------------

