
be given. In the evening, however, the storm became so severe that I should have countermanded the expedition had it not been that this morning was the last one on which the tide would serve. The party started at 1.30 a. m., but owing to the darkness and the storm they lost their way and made such slow progress that they had proceeded no farther than the Jones Island Battery when the morning broke. The officer in charge of course then abandoned the attempt. In two or three days the evening tide will serve and I shall renew the attempt.

The two gunboats have been together at the Cooper River, and yesterday, as I learn, shelled the woods beyond it, where there was a large fire. Whether this fire was of buildings or woods I have not learned. It has occurred to me that a good impression would be made if one of the gunboats were to push up the river and commence openly sounding out the channel, placing conspicuous buoys to indicate it, I shall endeavor to communicate with Captain Law and make the suggestion to him.

Seven companies of the Forty-eighth New York Volunteers have arrived here to-day. In a latter which I received from you, dated the 23rd instant, I was direct to order Colonel Perry to leave one company of his regiment at Daufuskie and cover certain points named with pickets. Colonel Perry has received directly from headquarters orders to leave three companies at daufuskie until the stores are removed and then send them to Pulaski. Am I to understand that when the stores are removed no troops whatever will be upon the island?

In the orders for moving the Seventh Connecticut and Forty-sixth New York Volunteers it is directed that they shall leave their heavy baggage at their present camps until it can be sent for. Is the term heavy baggage to include tents? I suppose of course that it is to include horses, wagons quartermaster's stores, and all subsistence, except, say, two days' cooked and three days' uncooked rations.

I desire to call the attention of the general commanding to the disposition to be mad of the sick. The Forty-eighth New York have a considerable sick list and but one surgeon, so that with his own people and the sick prisoners on his hands he would be unable to give any attention to the sick of the Seventh Connecticut should they be left behind here. The Seventh has two surgeons, but as they are to go into active service they certainly would need both. The Forty-sixth New York will be in the same situation or worse, for there will be no surgeons left on Tybee after they leave.

Should not the seriously sick men of both these regiments be sent to the general hospital? There are a considerable number of men who are not sick enough to send to the hospital, and yet would be only a clog if their regiment take the field. I ask to be directed in regard to them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., May 31, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The Navy have entered Winyaw Bay and have command of Georgetown. On the Santee, Great Pee Dee, Waccamaw, and Black

