
ion with each other, and to this the greatest care and attention will be given.

As additional security, the colors will be taken by each detachment ad further recognition by each other and by the Navy, but will be exhibited before the enemy as little as possible.

We have ascertained that distinctive colored rockets cannot be obtained, and only two rockets can be furnished each regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Stevens, U. S. A.)
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,June 10, 1862.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM:

GENERAL: Your letter of this date, directing a reconnaissance to-morrow morning by forces from the commands of General Stevens and myself, has been received, and in reply I have the honor to state that the reconnaissance then ordered, so far as this command is concerned, can only be carried out by troops which are now quite exhausted, having been actually engaged with the enemy or under his fire for several hours this afternoon.

The enemy made an attack upon our line this afternoon at about 3.30 o'clock in considerable force at the junction of the road leading from Grimball's across the island.

During the morning he had shelled our position from his batteries in front, preparatory to this attack. He was easily repulsed, but owing to thick woods which enveloped our position in front it was difficult to decide where the real attack would be made, hence, in order to guard all points, it was necessary to bring almost all the troops forward in defense of the position. They are consequently very much fatigued and ought to have all the react they can get while holding themselves in readiness to resist any further attack to-night.

Should it be deemed necessary to make reconnaissance ordered to-morrow morning I can of course organize the two forces required from my command, but with the exception of one regiment and two companies they cannot be fresh troops.

I have not yet received the report of casualties, but hope they will not exceed 5 killed and 15 or 20 wounded. That of the enemy, though not ascertained, is known to be much greater.

By order of Brigadier General H. G. Wright:

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Grimball's Plantation, June 12, 1862.

Captain PERCIVAL DRAYTON,

U. S. S. Pawnee, Senior Naval Officer, Stono River, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: When you stated yesterday that you had instructions from the flat-officer to send two of the gunboats from this station I requested that, if any discretion was left with you in the matter, the whole naval

