
force should be retained here until our position on this island should be more assured, and I now have the honor to say that I still think it would be unwise to diminish our present force, either naval or military, by a single man or gun, until re-enforcements arrive.

If, therefore, the discretion referred to above be left with you, I would ask that your force be not diminished until the flag-officer can be heard from again.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, C. S., June 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. S.:

SIR: It is with great regret that I find myself compelled to trouble you with complaints, but my duty to the brave men placed under my command compels me to bring to your notice the total neglect with which we have been treated by the authorities of the Quartermaster's Department, who appear to have ignored us entirely.

Not content with taking away the marine transportation, so necessary here, situated as we we are on many scattered islands, thus almost completely crippling us, they pay no attention to our most pressing and important requisitions. More than two months since we made an earnest application for straw or light felt hats, convinced that we could thus save the lives of many of our men, exposed as they are to an almost tropical sun; application was also made for tents, so indispensable at this season of the year to the health and comfort of our men; but both these applications have been entirely neglected, and the consequence is that our hospitals are filling up rapidly, and we shall probably lose double the number of men there was any necessity for losing. So destitute are we of tents, and so impossible has it proved to procure attention from the Quartermaster's Department, that we have been unable to get tents for myself and staff.

Regretting much to find myself under the necessity of making this statement, I know that the paramount importance of preserving the health of my command in this climate will induce you to give the requisite orders to the Quartermaster's Department to have our requisitions filled without delay.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, June --, 1862.

(Received War Department June 17, 1862.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 2nd day of this month I left here for the Stono River with an expedition against Charleston. I

23 R R-VOL XIV

