HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Grimball's Plantation, S. C., June 19, 1862.

General H. W. BENHAM,

Commanding Northern District, Department of the South:

GENERAL: In answer to your letter of this date, asking an outline of my plan for the defense of this camp, I have to say that after learning more definitely than I now do the plans of General Stevens I should be able to devise mine more understandingly, and had proposed to visit his camp and lines this morning for the purpose.

Assuming, however, that General Stevens' batteries will be at least three in number-one situated on the extremity of the tongue of land farthest from his camp, the second being the three-gun battery already erected, and the third somewhere in the vicinity of the one gun which was opened upon the enemy during the cannonading of his works-I should propose for my own position a strong inclosed work projected well forward toward and to the right of the open pine woods in front of this camp, this work to mount as many guns of the heavies caliber as can be procured. Such a work would possess the following advantages: It would act along General Stevens' front, would covered well our line of camps by a flank and reverse fire in case of near attack, and in the evenent of an attack on the part of the enemy to shell our camp from the battery near the Tower or from others which may be erected back of the woods to the left, could reply effectively and draw the fire which would otherwise be directed at our camps. It also possesses another and important property which no work nearer the camp can claim, that of looking toward future operations in the reduction of the enemy's lines and batteries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 20, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel LOUIS BELL,

Commanding Post, Saint Augustine, Fla.:

SIR: In reply to your letter dated June 1, relative to the case of William Keyes and three other men who had taken the oath of allegiance, and who nevertheless were quilt of harboring a sergeant of the Confederate Army and supplying him with information, I am instructed by the major-general commanding to advise you that the prisoners in question are to be heavily ironed and sent to these headquarters, with a statement in writing, and as full as possible, of their offense. Your action in the case of Mr. Steubenmeyr, the Episcopal clergyman, is approved.

In reference to your letter dated May 29, relative to the hanging and persecution of loyal citizens by roving bands of Confederate guerrillas, the major-general commanding desires that you shall take the most rigorous and prompt measures for the suppression of such practices. All guerrillas caught you will iron heavily and send to these headquarters, with written charges accompanying them.

You will also threaten to arm, and if necessary arm, all negroes and Indians who may be willing to enter the service.

