
While I believe that we can hold what have till re-enforcements arrive, I would respectfully suggest that unless strong re-enforcements of troops, having artillery and munitions of war, are expected, it becomes a serious question for your consideration whether we should attempt to hold our present position. It is employing a large force of excellent troops which might be of service elsewhere, and is inducing the enemy to strengthen and to add to the already formidable defenses on the line of advance to Charleston over James Island.

I would ask that you come here and look at the condition of matters yourself. A few hours' time spent here in a personal interview and in an examination of the position would be of great advantage to the interest of the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES NORTH. DIST., DEPT. SOUTH,James Island, S. C., June 20, 1862.

General ISAAC I. STEVENS,

Commanding Second Divisions, James Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have received yours of this date, stating that no arrangements has been made with the Confederate officers regarding cessation of operations on account of flags of truce, and that you had sent Captain Lusk for instructions as to further proceedings.

I have seen Captain Lusk, and from what I learn from him and from the letter of General W. D. Smith, which Captain Lusk delivered to me, I do not see that ny further action is necessary, unless it may be in regard to exchange of prisoners. I do not know what instructions you may have had from General Benham on this point, but you are no doubt aware that exchanges are prohibited by War Department order except under instructions from the Secretary of War.

Please send me copies of any instructions in this matter you may have received from General Benham, or if they were verbal then of your letters on the subject.

I send you copy of a letter from General Hunter to General Benham, directing the latter to turn over the command to me and return to Hilton Head.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 21, 1862.

Brigadier General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Stono River, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of yesterday. It was not my intention that you should leave your camps at Grimball's unless you should demit expedient so to do. I wish you to exercise your own judgment in the case. Stay where you are, or send a portion of your command at Grimball's to Cole's Island and the other part to the neck occupied by General Stevens. This last arrangement may have the

