
Acting Brigadier-General Williams took the command of the forces engaged after the picket were strengthened by the artillery and its supports.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. B. ELY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Northern Dist.,

Dept. of the South, Steamer Delaware.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel John L. Chatfield, Sixth Connecticut Infantry, commanding First Brigade, First Division.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., U. S. FORCES,James Island, S. C., June 11, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that yesterday afternoon six companies of the Forty-seventh New York Regiment, of my brigade, stationed as picket guard through the woods in front of the left of our lines, were attacked by superior force of the enemy in front and upon the left flank and were compelled to retire, the outposts being driven in, which they did without loss. In a few minutes afterward the Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment, together with two companies of the Forty-seventh New York, posted as pickets on the edge of the woods directly in front, were attacked, and sharp engagement followed, lasting some minutes, the enemy being kept in check until the arrival upon the ground of the artillery.

I would make especial mention of Colonel Guss, of the Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment, and the officers and men of his command, commending them for the admirable conduct and coolness they displayed throughout the entire engagement until the enemy were repulsed.

I have to report the following casualties in the Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment: Three men killed and 7 wounded (4 slightly). Forty-seventh New York Regiment: Six men wounded.

No official report of the engagement has as yet been received from the commanders of either of the above-named regiments except with regard to killed and wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN L. CHATFIELD,

Colonel, Sixth Regiment Connecticut Vols., Commanding First Brigade.

EDISTO ISLAND, S. C., July 12, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit the following report:

Since the expedition to James Island my regiment has been in good condition. We were ordered from here on the night of June 1, taking three days' rations and nothing but blankets, leaving all camp equipage behind. We crossed over to Seabrook Island, marching the next day to a point opposite John's Island, where we bivouacked until 2 o'clock on the morning of the 5th, when we marched across John's Island in the midst of a very heavy rain-storm, with the mud knee-deep, reaching Legareville, on the Stono, a distance of 15 miles, at 2 p. m. I

