
I have all along assumed, and have been led to believe, that such re-enforcements have been promised and were expected, and till notified to the contrary it will be my duty to hold on to the occupation of the island. Such re-enforcements should be sufficient to swell our present numbers to 40,000 men, with the proper complement of heavy and light artillery and monition, in order to make the enterprise sure, in view of the enemy's probable force and the works of defense now existing and being daily added to and strengthened.

I would again respectfully suggest that a visit from you to this point would be of the highest importance to the interests of the service. It would go further toward putting you in possession of a correct knowledge of the condition of affairs and enable you to act more understandingly than all the letters that could be written.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,James Island, S. C., June 23, 1862.

Major General D. HUNTER:

GENERAL: A deserter from the Forty-seventh Georgia Regiment, who was brought in by our pickets last night, says there ar twelve regiments on the island, numbering some 8,000 men. He describes very indefinitely, however, a line of entrenchments across the island in our front extending north to Wappoo Creek. This we knew before. This line he presented as having at intervals batteries containing one heavy gun each, which is confirmed by other statements. These heavy guns are probably 32-pounders. It is clear, I think, from the information obtained from a variety of independent sources, that the enemy has a line extending from Secessionville to Wappoo, and perhaps beyond. As regards its strength, I believe from present information that it should be approached cautiously and pierced at one point, when the rest could be turned. At this moment I should not hesitate to attempt it with 20,000 men and a siege train of 24-pounders. What it will be a week or a month hence I cannot of course say.

A contraband who came in this morning makes a statement which confirms me in the belief that the enemy's lines were in the most particulars prepared long before our landing, and that what has been done since has reference to particular points rather than to the general system. If this be so, it shows that any dash upon Charleston was out of the questions with our present force of men and means.

My greatest solicitude is in regard to the health of the command. It seems to be a universally received opinion that white men cannot stay upon these islands after June. Whether this be true I of course cannot say. So far as I have remarked the health of the command is good.

I don't believe the enemy designs attacking us in our present position at present, nor will they do so till they find out we are not strong enough to advance, possibly not then.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

