HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,James Island, S. C., June 29, 1862.

Major CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept., Hilton Head, S. C.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the letter of the major-general commanding, dated the 27th instant, instructing me to abandon James Island with the force under my command, and in obedience thereto have already sent off such of the sick as could not march with their regiments, and have been to-day shipping stores and the horses of the cavalry, which will be the first of the command to leave. I hope to be able to accomplish the whole movement successfully, removing everything without loss.

The movement to Legareville with the balance of the command left after the first detachment is sent away will occasion much labor, and I fear loss of time, as the difficulties of approach to that place by steamer are serious.

It might be well to leave it to my judgment whether to make the transfer or not. On this point I would ask early instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, C. S., June 30, 1862.

Flag-Officer S. F. DUPONT,

Commanding Atlantic Blockading Squadron, Port Royal Harbor:

COMMODORE: Brigadier General J. M. Brannan signals to me from Beaufort that he has received information from sources which he regards as reliable to the effect that the enemy in strong force are about to make an attack on Port Royal Island from the direction of Grahamville. General Brannan reports that for the last three nights boats have approached our pickets at the ferry, and adds that the enemy are said to have crossed.

General Brannan is anxious that a gunboat be sent up Broad River and Whale Branch to operate around the island, and in this request, if it be possible, I concur.

General Brannan has a force of thirty companies on Fort Royal Island, which, in my judgment, should be ample, for its defense.

With the highest esteem I have the honor to be, commodore, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 19. Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., June 30, 1862.

Surg. Charles H. Crane, U. S. Army, being the senior medical officer of the department, is hereby appointed and announced as medical director of the Department of the South, and will report for duty at these headquarters.

By command of Major General D. Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

