
to furnish re-enforcements to the army before Richmond it has become necessary that North Edisto be abandoned. You will therefore make all your arrangements for the removal of the forces under your command to this point whenever transportation can be furnished, and you will consult with Mr. De La Croix as to the best means of collecting all the negroes within our lines and on the adjacent islands, and forwarding them to these headquarters.

As this evacuation will leave the islands without protection until such time as our troops can be returned to us with re-enforcements, you will please notify all Government agents and employees of every kind to collect such property as can be moved, and have the same shipped under your directions to this point. Your sick and the army stores will be moved first, and next after these such property as may in your judgment be worth removal.

You will also apportion sufficient transportation to the civil employes of Government and to any loyal persons within your lines.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., July 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt, per transport propelled Mississippi, at 6.30 p. m. last evening, of your telegraphic dispatch directing that all the infantry force that can be spared from this department shall immediately be sent to Fortress Monroe, and in reply thereto have to state:

That I send immediately by the transports Mississippi, Vanderbilt, land Merrimac six regiments of infantry, under command of Brigadier General Isaac I. Stevens, consisting of the following troops:

Fiftieth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

One hundredth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Twenty-eighth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

Forty-sixth New York Volunteers.

Seventy-ninth New York (Highlanders).

Eighth Michigan Volunteers.

As soon as transportation can be furnished I will send four additional regiments of infantry, under command of Brigadier General H. G. Wright, to embrace as follows:

Ninety-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Fifty-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, and one other regiment as yet unassigned.

The troops thus sent and to be sent are all that can possibly be spared in the present weakened condition of this department and with an enemy flushed with his recent success on James Island in our vicinity.

I have the honor to be, sir, with the highest esteem, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER.

