
MISCELLANEOUS POSTS.

Fernandina, Fla.

9th Maine, Colonel R. Rich.

Fort Clinch, Fla.

1st New York Engineers, Company C, Captain J. E. Place.

Fort Jefferson, Fla.

90th New York (four companies), Lieutenant Colonel L. W. Tinelli.

Fort Old Town, Fla.

1st New York Engineers, Company E, Lieutenant H. Farrand.

Fort Pulaski, Ga.

Brigadier General A. H. TERRY.

48th New York, Colonel W. B. Barton.

3rd Rhose Island Artillery (one company), Captain J. H. Ground.

U. S. Engineers (detachment).

Fort Taylor, Key West, Fla.

91st New York (two cos.), Major C. G. Clark

Key West Barracks, Fla.

90th New York (four cos.), Colonel J. S. Morgan.

Saint Augustine, Fla.

4th New Hampshire (seven companies), Colonel Louis Bell.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, FORT PULASKI, KEY WEST, &amp;C.,Saint Augustine, Fla., August 2, 1862.

Colonel R. RICH, Ninth Maine Volunteers:

The Roman Catholic bishop of Florida has complained to me that some time since the Catholic church at Fernandina was broken open and the vestments of the priest and a valuable chalice were stolen. Such and act of sacrilege must be detected and punished if within the bound of possibility. I desire that you will make the most careful in quire into the alleged facts and institute the stricter search for the perpetrator of the crime. If necessary open every knapsack in your command and examine every house in the city.

I have honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., August 5, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of this date, calling for certain information in regard to the troops recently transferred from the Department of the South and those still remaining in that department, I have the honor to report:

1st. That the force recently transferred to Fortress Monroe, under orders from the War Department, consisted of sever regiments of volunteer infantry, the aggregate strength of which I am unable to state. They are at present under the command of Brigadier General I. I. Stevens.

2nd. The military force remaining in that department comprises fourteen regiments of infantry, one regiment volunteer engineers, one regiment cavalry, three light batteries, and three companies of regular artillery,

