
had been the day before assigned to the command of a brigade, composed of the Sixth Connecticut, Forty-fifth, Seventy-sixth, and Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania, and Forty-seventh New York Regiments.

On the 8th my command was divided into two brigades, there being assigned to me the Sixth Connecticut, Forty-seventh New York, and Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Regiments, the command of which I continued to hold until our return here, when the expedition was broken up.

On the evening of the 8th and morning of the 9th we receded up the Stono to Grimball's plantation, on James Island, about 4 1/2 miles from Charleston, where were landed in the face of a severe fire from the enemy. Our division made the left flank of the position, while General Stevens' division occupied the ground 2 or 3 miles to our right and covering the position opposite Legarevile, on John's Island.

Early on the evening of the 10th the enemy attacked us in front, and were met by the Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment and two companies of the Forty-seventh New York Regiment, of my brigade, who kept them gallantly in check until the arrival upon the ground of a portion of Hamilton's battery, supported by four companies of the Sixth Connecticut, soon after which the enemy retired, leaving 17 dead and wounded upon the field.

Things remained quiet until our attack on the enemy's works on the morning of the 14th, when only two companies of the Sixth Connecticut were in the field, the balance of the regiment being on picket.

It is needless to give you a description of the battle, though too much cannot be said in praise of the conduct of all the troops engaged, who fourth so bravely while laboring under such fearful disadvantages.

We remained on the island until July 7, when we evacuated it entirely, to await re-enforcements and a more favorable opportunity.

There are four regiments stationed here-the Sixth and Seventh Connecticut and the Fifty-fifth and Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania-all under the command of General Wright. This island is probably as favorable a location as we could obtain for preserving the health of the men, and I presume we will remain here in summer quarters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN L. CHATFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers.

J. D. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General State of Connecticut.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Francis M. Hills, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.

DEAR SIR: Having command of the two companies (H and I) of the Forty-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers engaged in the skirmish of the 10th instant, I submit you the following report:

My command was stationed along the inner edge of the woods, supported on the right by a company of the Forty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers. At about 4.30 o'clock the enemy made his appearance, driving in our outside picket and advancing toward my command. The enemy in his advance kept up a continual fire, which was rapidly but again rallying advance within 10 yards of us, when we poured a deadly and destructive fire among them, causing the utmost confusion

