
annexed to the Department of the Gulf. Brigadier General L. G. Arnold will report to Major-General Butler accordingly.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES ON THE SAVANNAH RIVER,Fort Pulaski, Ga., August 11, 1862.

Captain E. W. SMITH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that about 7 o'clock yesterday morning one of the enemy's steamers was reported coming down the Savannah River, bearing a flag of truce. I immediately sent Lieutenant A. W. Goodell, adjutant Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, and post adjutant, accompanied by Lieutenant Dandy, Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, to meet her, giving him the following letter of instructions:
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE SAVANNAH RIVER,Fort Pulaski, Ga., August 10, 1862.

To A. W. GOODELL,

Adjutant Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, Post Adjutant:

ADJUTANT: You will at once proceed, with the tug-boat Thomas Foulkes, to meet the flag of truce now coming down the Savannah River, going up the south Channel and meeting her at as great a distance from the fort as is now possible. Ascertain the object of her visit and direct the boat to remain precisely at the point of meeting until you communicate with me. Should the bearer of the flag desire a personal interview with the commanding officer I will accompany you on flag desire a personal interview with the commanding officer I will accompany you on your return, but on no account and under no circumstances are you to permit any person connected with the steamer to land with you at either of the wharves at this fort.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. BARTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

When the steamer bearing the flag arrived at a point about 3 1/2 miles distant from the fort I directed a gun on the northwest angle to be fired as a signal for her to heave to, which she at once did. By the time our boat had reached her, however, she had moved considerably nearer the fort, partly no doubt by the action of the tide, and partly also propelled by her own wheels, which turned slowly at intervals.

When Adjutant Goodell returned to the wharf he informed me that the boats was the General Lee, with Captain Stewart, of General Mercer's staff, on board, accompanied by three other officers, and that the object of the visit was to bring down a Mrs. Hanley and her little son, who desired to go North. These persons he had brought to the wharf in the Foulkes. As soon as the lady and her boy had landed I directed the adjutant to return to the Lee and inform Captain Stewart that I deemed it my duty to detain the steamer until I could communicate with the major-general commanding, which I would do at once, but that she must positively drop her anchor where she was and remain there until I gave her permission to go, and that if she attempted to leave without this she would receive the fire of the fort. Meanwhile I forwarded, through Lieutenant Rushby, acting signal officer, the following dispatch:

To General HUNTER:

Steamer with flag of truce now here. Four officers. No pretext but to bring a lady to New York. Send instructions.

BARTON.

