
On the return of the prisoners to this post this p. m., in accordance with instructions from the major-general commanding I permitted them to leave with their steamer for Savannah.

In addition to Captain Coan's report I send herewith that of Adjt. A. W. Goodell.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. BARTON,

Colonel Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Savannah River, Fort Pulaski, Ga., August 11, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM B. BARTON,

Forty-eighth New York State Volunteers, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on Sunday morning, August 10, I received the following order from you, namely:
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Savannah River, Fort Pulaski, August 10, 1862.

A. W. GOODELL,

Adjutant Forty-eighth New York Volunteers:

ADJUTANT: You will at once proceed with the tug-boat Thomas Foulkes to meet the flag of truce now coming down the Savannah River, going up the South Channel, and meeting her at as great a distance from the fort as is now possible. Ascertain the object of her visit and direct the boat to remain precisely at the point of meeting until you communicate with me. Should the bearer of the flag desire a personal interview with the commanding officer I will accompany you on your return, but on no account and under no circumstances are you to permit any person connected with the steamer to land with you at either of the wharfs of this fort.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. BARTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

In pursuance of the foregoing order I immediately proceeded, in company with Lieutenant Dandy, Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, whom your ordered to join me at the south wharf, and went on board the Thomas Foulkes, hoisting a white flag at the foremast and the national flag at the stern, and proceeded around the east of Cockspur Island and up the Savannah River. I met the flag of truce at a point 3 statute miles by Coast Survey from this fort. The flag was borne on board a large high-decked steamer named the General Lee. I at once made fast to the steamer and went on board of her and communicated with the bearer of the flag, ordering him to remain stationary and not to approach with the tide or by other means nearer the fort, and to accomplish which I requested him to drop his anchor. I found the officer in charge of the flag to be Captain Stewart, of General Mercer's staff, accompanied by Captain Stiles and Lieutenant Dent, all of the so-called Army of the Confederate States of America. On inquiring of them what they desired, they replied they wished to place in my charge a lady, named Mrs. Hanley, and her little son, residents of New York City, who wished to proceed North to their home. I received the lady and her son with the understanding that should you not permit them to land they were to receive them back on board their steamer and return at once with them to Savannah. Meantime they (the officers with the flag of truce) were to remain on board the General Lee until my return to that vessel, and upon my reporting to you, should you comply with their wishes as to receiving the lady and should you deem

