
further intercourse unnecessary, I was to cause a signal gun to be fired, when they were immediately to return to Savannah. I at once returned to the nrth wharf, where I met you and reported the result of my interview, when you took the lady an son in charge at the wharf and directed me to return to the bearer of the flag of truce and detain him and the steamer until you communicated by signal with General Hunter at Hilton Head; you also ordered me to signalize you by three blows of the whistle of the Thomas Foulkes in case the bearer of the flag attempted to leave the point of meeting in violin of your orders. I immediately returned again to the General Lee and executed your orders, which they agreed to comply with. Upon reaching the steamer at this time, however, I discovered they had not only not anchored, but had drifted down the river to a point just off the lower end of Long Island, distant 1 1/2 statute miles in a direct line from this fort, and in full view of the fort and its surroundings. I at once informed them that they had approached nearer the fort, and inquired if they had dropped their anchor. They said no, for they could keep her in her position by turning her wheels. On waiting a few minutes I noticed she was still drifting down nearer the fort. I then requested Captain Stewart to order the captain of his steamer to drop his anchor at once and started forward with him to see it executed. We met the captain of the steamer coming toward us, and in answer to the order to drop anchor he replied his anchor was a heavy one and would give him some trouble to get it up. I then said, "Gentlemen, I shall have to leave you, but you must remain where you are until I return with further orders from my commanding officer." I immediately cast off, and while doing so noticed they were moving their wheels and building their fires, when I hailed them (being then 20 yards off) in these words, "Stop your wheels and throw your anchor or I am afraid the fort will fire into you;" to which I judged by their gesticulations they assented. I proceeded at once on my way to the north wharf, land when one-half mile this side the steamer the fort opened fire on the steamer General Lee, the first shot striking 10 yards from her starboard side, the second the same distance from her port side, the third over and head of her, and no shot struck her. Yet she put on all speed for 5 miles up the river until overhauled and fired into by the steamer in pursuit.

I have the honor to submit the above report, colonel, for your approval.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. GOODELL,

Adjt. Forty-eighth N. Y. State Vols., Actg. Post Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., August 11, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT SAVANNAH, GA.:

SIR: The flag of truce which arrived at Fort pulaski on the 10th instant was accompanied by three officers, a circumstance which, taken in connection with the improper behavior of the officer commanding the steamer, seemed suspicious, and induced me to detain the party. A subsequent investigation having resulted satisfactorily, I have the honor to return them, with the request that in future but one officer may be permitted to accompany a flag of truce.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

