
soldiers whenever their health or efficiency demanded it, a happy reciprocal influence upon the soldiers ad these earners and ready helpers would almost necessarily be the result. In the event of any emergency calling for immediate aid from these men they could promptly respond to the call. Hoping by this arrangement to increase a little at least the efficiency of our noble Army in its might struggles for the integrity of our bleeding country, I beg leave to submit it for your consideration and such action as you may deem proper.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. SAXTON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 27. Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., August 17, 1862.

I. The Seventh Regiment of New Hampshire Volunteers, Colonel Putnam, will be held in readiness to embark for Saint Augustie, Fla., of which place it will hear after form the garrison. Lieutenant-Colonel Sleeper, of the Fourth Regiment of New Hampshire Volunteers, on being relieved by Colonel Putnam, will embark with the several companies of his regiment now at Saint Augustine for this place.

II. It is with deep regret that the general commanding the department has received several reports against officers for returning fugitive slaves in direct violation of a law of Congress. It will hardly be believed when it is announced that a New England colonel is to-day, in the second year of the rebellion, in arrest for having been engaged in the manly task of turning over a young woman, whose skin was almost as white as his own, to the cruel last of her rebel master.

III. Numerous acts of pilfering from the negroes have taken place in the neighborhood of Beaufort, committed by men waring the uniform of the Unites States. I cannot and will not call them soldiers. to enable General Saxton to have these patty thieves arrested and sent to this post for punishment the three companies of the Fourth Regiment of New Hampshire Volunteers nw at Beaufort will be placed exclusively under his command, for service on the plantations. Major Drew, or the officer commanding these three companies, will be directed by General Brannan to report immediately to General Saxton for orders.

IV. All the furniture left by the rebels on the islands, including that left in the city of Beaufort, is hereby placed under the excuse e jurisdiction of General Saxton.

By command of Major General D. Hunter:

ED. W. SMITH,

First Lieutenant, Fifteenth Infantry, Act. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 202. Washington, August 22, 1862.

* * * * *

II. Major General D. Hunter, U. S. Volunteers, has on his own application a leave of absence for sixty days. He will turn over the command of his department to the officer next in rank.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

