
perform the labor of the rebels constitute a large share of their military strength, and enable the white masters to fill the rebel armies and wage a cruel and murderous war against the people of the Northern States. By reducing the laboring strength of the rebels their military power will be reduced. You are therefore authorized by every means in your power to withdraw from the enemy their laboring force and population and to spare no effort consistent with civilized warfare to weaken, harass, and annoy them, and to establish the authority of the Government of the United States within your department.

6th. You may turn over to the Navy any number of colored volunteers that may be required for the naval service.

7th. By recent act of Congress all men and boys received into the service of the United States who may have been the slaves of rebel masters are, with their wives, mothers and children, declared to be forever free. You and all in your command will so treat and regard them.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, August 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General BRANNAN, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a copy of instructions of the Secretary of War to Brigadier-General Saxton.* You will give all possible assistance in carrying out these instructions. No more of the cavalry regiment in your command will be sent away until further orders.

This is directed to you on the supposition that General Hunter has turned over to you the command of the department. If not, it will be delivered to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, August 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General BRANNAN, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: I wrote to you on the 26th, inclosing certain regulations and instructions to General Saxton, and directing you to give all possible aid to carry them into full effect. I also directed that no more of the cavalry regiment be sent north.

You will do everything in your power to hold the islands now occupied in South Carolina and to defend the negroes who are or may be hereafter under our protection.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, SAVANNAH RIVER,Fort Pulaski, Ga., August 31, 1862.

Lieutenant E. W. SMITH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hilton Head, S. C.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, for the information of the

---------------

*See Stanton to Saxton, same date.

---------------

