
and again obliging them to fall back. This proved the final repulsed, so no further attempt was made to force us to yield our position.

The casualty in my command was 1 mortally wounded.

I cannot speak in terms of praise too high concerning the valor and coolness of the command. They stood the fire of the enemy, not yielding an inch of ground, and displaying the courage of veteran soldiers.

Yours, respectfully,

FRANCIS M. HILLS,

Captain Company I, 45th Regiment Pa. Vols. Commanding Detachment.

Colonel THOMAS WELSH,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Division.

JUNE 12, 1862.-Reconnaissance on Hutchinson's Island, S. C.

Report of Major R. J. Jeffords, Sixth Battalion South Carolina, Cavalry.
HDQRS. SIXTH BATTALION S. C. VOL. CAVALRY,Chisholmville, June 14, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I beg to report that on the night of the 12th instant I advanced in three boats with 105 men, being detachments from Captains Mulligan's, Smith's, and Davis' companies, against the north end of Hutchinson Island. From drums heard, I was confident the enemy were there. I approached the settlement and deployed as skirmishers. Before the proper positions assigned had been obtained the negro watchman gave alarm, and a general rush was made to pass the skirmishers, when, after proper halting and warning, entirely disregarded, I ordered men to fire before I discovered they were negroes. Some 10 were killed and 10 or 15 wounded. Satisfying myself they were negroes, which, from high brush, corn waist-high,and the darkness of night, was very difficult, I ordered the firing ceased. I closed up, and found some 125 negroes there, with various kinds of provisions-say corn, bacon, beef, &amp;c.-doubtless left them by the enemy not being able to procure any transportation. I ordered fire to be applied to the horses, which before I left had destroyed about every thing. A few muskets found were destroyed. The director or overseer, with his wife (the latter teaching the negroes), had left for beaufort the day before. The enemy, some 200 in number, had left for Beaufort the day before. The enemy, some 200 in number, had left the island on Sunday previous. As gunboats were just below, and three of them moving up, nd my retreat could have beet cut off, I left the island so soon as all provisions, &c., were well destroyed. Three gunboats now lie between Chapman's Fort and Hutchinson Island, but seem to have no disposition to move up to the main-land. They were engaged some little time yesterday in shelling the island. I noticed planted some 250 acres of corn, 25 acres of potatoes, and 10 acres of peanuts, and was told cotton was planted in quantity higher up on the island. The fine condition of the planted crops indicates conclusively the direction of the negroes by some white person or persons. I shall make another move in a different direction in a day or two.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. J. JEFFORDS,

Major Sixth Battalion S. C. Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding

Lieutenant E. H. BARNWELL,

A. A. A. G., Third Military District, McPhersonville.

