
boilers are not intended for salt water, and with only one boat here I am at the mercy of these accidents. Cannot a second boat (the George Washington, for instance) be placed at my disposal? Permit me respectfully to suggest that if a battery were erected on Daufuskie Island at the point where the Cooper River runs into Calibogue Sound, and guns were mounted on the late rebel earthworks at Braddock's Point, the blockade of Savannah would be entirely perfect, the battery at Daufuskie to be in entrenched camp, with guns mounted on the water front and land side, so that one regiment would be ample both for manning the guns and picketing the island. I should add by way of explanation that the channel alluded to in the above extract from my letter of 29th July, lading from Calibogue Sound to sea, as being 3 miles from our battery at the Martello Tower, is the one which would ordinarily be taken by vessels running out by that passage. The Emma, however, by reason of her very light draught, could have goner out by a shallower channel 5 miles from that battery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. BARTON,

Colonel Forty-eighth New York State Vols., Commanding Post.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Numbers 216. Washington, September 1, 1862.

* * * *

III. Major General O. M. Mitchel is assigned to the command of the Department of the South. He will immediately repair to Hilton Head, S. C.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 123. Washington, September 3 1862.

The forces in the Department of the South will constitute the Tenth Army Corps, to be commanded by Major General O. M. Mitchel.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 36. Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., September 5, 1862.

I. In obedience to orders from Major-General Hunter the undersigned assumes of the Department of the South.

II. The following officers are announced on the staff of the general commanding: Captain Louis J. Labert, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Lieutenant Ira V. Germain and Lieutenant George W. Bacon, aides-de-camp.

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

