HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, FORT PULASKI, KEY WEST, &amp;C.,Hilton Head, S. C., September 23, 1862.

Major W. P. PRENTICE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders received from Brigadier-General Brannan, then commanding the Department of the South, I on the 16th instant left this place for Saint Augustine, for the purpose of preventing the execution of certain orders issued by Brigadier General Rufus Saxton, the superintendent of the inhabitants of abandoned plantations in this department, by which Lieutenant Colonel O. T. Beard, provost-marshal, was directed to expel from Saint Augustine and send to Jackonsville all such of the people of the city as should refuse to take the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States, &c. I arrived at Fernanding, Fla., on Wednesday, the 17th instant, and learning that if I proceed directly to Saint Augustine the steamer Burnside, with the expelled persons on board, might pass me in the night, I went first to the mouth of the Saint John's, for the purpose of awaiting her arrival. On Thursday morning she was off the bar of the Saint John's, with a large number of women and children on board. I immediately caused her to return to Saint Augustine and proceeded there myself.

On my arrival I caroused all those persons who had been expelled or place in arrest to be released, and instructed the commandant of the post to permit no more arrests to be made by authority of General Saxton.

I inclose a copy of General Saxton's instructions to Colonel Beard,* a copy of a letter from General Saxton to Colonel Putnam, Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, whose regiment garrisons the post,* and a list of the names of the persons placed on board the Burnside.*

Among the expelled persons were some who now desire to leave Saint Augustine. In anticipation of the expulsiOn they sold whatever property they possessed and converted their names into funds current in the Southern States only. They now find themselves without the means of subsistence. In view of the fact that many of them are already and others will soon become dependent on the Government for subsistence, I respectfully recommend that such of them as may desire to do so be permitted to leave the city.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. EXPED'RY FORCES, ST. JOHN'S RIVER, FLA.,Jacksonville, October 7, 1862.

Major General O. M. MITCHEL,

Commanding Department of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 5th instant.

I return by the U. S. transport Boston the Seventh Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, Colonel Hawley commanding, and will return myself with the balance of my command on the Boston being sent back. The transport Cosmopolitan, having in crossing the bar, unfor-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

