
JUNE 13, 1862.-Affair at White House, near Hilton Head, S. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel James A. Beaver, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Major Christopher Blanding, Third Rhode Island Artillery.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James A. Beaver, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. OUTPOSTS, Graham's S. C., June 14, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of yesterday and to report the success of the expedition. In consequence of the time of the tides we were unable to commence operations until late in the evening. The gun was placed in position shortly before 6 p. m. and we immediately opened fire upon the house, throwing shells into it, all around it, and very considerably beyond. The firing was very fine, and but for the fact that the fuses were altogether unreliable, and that from some defect in the gun some of the shells were thrown "end over end," and thus fell short of the mark, every shot would have taken the effect desired. After shelling the premises for more than an hour I embarked with about 120 men in boats; effected a landing at the White House without opposition. The house is built upon an island which is connected with the main-land by two causeways. Pickets were stationed at these causeways and a search instituted for boats. But one good boat was found, which was brought off. Three or four of no particular value were destroyed,and one large flat was found with a board off the bottom and the ends broken out.

After remaining about an hour and a half-fearing that the tide would leave us-the buildings were, fired, men embarked, pickets drawn in, and all safety returned.

Major Blanding, of the Third Rhode Island Artillery, had the charge and oversight of the firing and had command at Buckingham Ferry during my absence on the opposite shore. To his good judgment and soldierly qualifications I desire to bear testimony.

Officers and men behaved with remarkable coolness and circumspection, showing that dependence may be placed in them in a time on actual danger and emergency.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,JAMES A. BEAVER,

Lieutenant Colonel Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding

Colonel W. W. BROWN,

Commanding Post, Hilton Head, S. C.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Christopher Blanding, Third Rhode Island Artillery.

ENTRENCHMENTS, Hilton Head, S. C., June 19, 1862.

GOVERNOR--DEAR SIR: I have the honor to inform you that a small affair occurred here a few days since which, though of itself not of

