
The men detailed on extra duty and provost guard are not included in this report, with the exception of the First Massachusetts Cavalry.

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., January 26, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The Star of the south going North this afternoon, I have the honor to report the arrival here of the One hundred and fifteenth Regiment New York States Volunteers in good condition. We are anxiously expecting the arrival of the re-enforcements from New Berne, N. C., but none have yet come, the regiment above name having come from Fortress Monroe.

Let me not be thought troublesome in again urging upon your attention the importance of having all the requisitions from this department sent by the last and preceding mails filled as speedily as possible, in order that Army may not be behind when the Navy is ready. It would be a reproach to our branch of the service, or at least a chance of Honorable distinction lost, should we not be able to take part in the reduction of Charleston. I would much prefer assisting the Navy and receiving assistance from the gallant men under Admiral DuPont to merely entering Charleston as a garrison of occupation under cover of the guns of the fleet. I will briefly advise you of events here, if any, by each mail.

Believe me, with high esteem, your very obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., January 26, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication, dated the 10th instant, forwarding a request from Colonel Holabird, chief quartermaster of your detachment, for coal, forage, entrenching tools, &amp;c., and in reply I have to state that I have much pleasure in sending as much coal and forage as the vessel sent will carry, but that, as we are about to commence immediately upon the arrival of re-enforcements daily expected, operations for the reduction and occupation of Charleston, I find myself unable to comply with Colonel Holabird's request for entrenching tools. Far from having any to spare, requisitions for a larger amount of engineering material were forwarded to General Totten by the steamer Arago, which left here last Saturday, and I am only anxious lest the supplies called for may not arrive in time.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

