
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 8. Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., February 6, 1863.

I. Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Elwell, quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby announced as chief quartermaster of the Tenth Army Corps and of the Department of the South.

II. First Lieutenant H. S. Tafft is announced as chief signal officer of the Department of the South.

By command of Major General D. Hunter:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., February 7, 1863.

(Received at Headquarters of the Army, February 13, 1863.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the re-enforcements ordered to this department from North Carolina, 10,000, infantry with 600 artillery, arrived safely here on the 1st instant, accompanied by Major-General Foster, who kindly came here on my invitation, expecting that operations against Charleston would commence immediately, in which case his thorough acquaintance with the labor and its defenses would have proved of the highest service.

I regret to say, however, that in consequence of the non-arrival of the two monitor iron-clads Patapsco and Nahant, and the serious injuries sustained by the monitor Weehawken in her voyage hither, rendering t requisite for the admiral to send North for complete new machinery in her case, the Navy will not be ready to undertake it sprat for the next three or four weeks, although the land forces under my command are now ready to embark at six hours' notice. This point I wish clearly understood, the complaint having been too frequent heretofore that in joint operations the Navy has been retarded by having to wait for the land forces.

In view of this unavoidable delay I learn that Major-General Foster intends returning immediately to the Department of North Carolina.

The health of the troops is unusually good.

Captain Duane, U. S. Engineers, arrived by the Star of the South last Wednesday; an officer on whose military skill and judgment I place the highest reliance.

I find Brigadier-General Seymour, my chief of staff and of artillery, all that could be desired.

I have the honor to be, general, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 9. Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., February 7, 1863.

In view of the military necessities of this department, which require all the lands now held within our posts and lines for the use of the sol-

