
diers and the support of the colored population, and in further view of legislation now pending, all sales of lands which have become forfeited to the United States by reason of the non-payment of the direct taxes charged thereon, under the act entitled "An act to provide increased revenue from imports, to pay interest on the public debt, and for other purpose," approved August 5, 1861, and an act entitled "An act for the collection of direct taxes in insurrectionary districts within the United States, and for other purposes," approved June 7, 1862, are hereby suspended; and all advertising of said lands and all steps looking to the sale of the same shall cease until the pleasure of the Government in the premises shall be made known.

By command of Major General David Hunter:

CHAS. G. ALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers --. Flag-ship Farran, February 7, 1863.

During the temporary absence of General Foster the detachment of the Eighteenth Army Corps in the Department will be under the command of Brigadier-General Naglee.

As the detachment is only intended to co-operate with the troops in this department the command will be considered distinct.

The troops will be immediately landed at Saint Helena Island and the transports will be thoroughly cleansed and supplied afresh with subsistence stores, coals, and water for ten days.

Requisition will be made on the Quartermaster's Department for surfboats and scows, which will be put in order for the disembarkation of troops.

By command of Major-General Foster:

J. F. ANDERSON,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, February 9, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The Department has information that the rebel gunboat Chattahoochess is now in the Apalachicola River waiting a suitable opportunity to run out, and that there are also other gunboats building up that river within reach of our light-draught steamers. It is thought that a joint naval and military expedition upon a small scale could effect the capture or destruction of those vessels and inflict other serious injury upon the insurgents in that quarter. I would therefore respectfully request that a suitable military force may be detailed to co-operate with such a naval force as Acting Rear-Admiral Bailey at Key West may consider necessary for the purpose indicated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

