HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., February 11, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: On the 1st instant General Naglee arrived here with a portion of the forces ordered by the Government to re-enforceme this department. A few days after General Foster arrived and reported verbally with the remaining portion of the command.

As I had invited General Foster into this department I of course received him with cordiality and kindness. He left yesterday or the day before, I understand, for Washington.

On calling on General Naglee for a return of his command, in order to make up our department report for the 10th instant (certified copy inclosed), I received from him a reply, a certified copy of which is herewith transmitted.

As the conduct of Major-General Foster has been disrespectful, in subordinate, and tending to excite mutiny and insubordination among the troops ordered to re-enforce this department, in this matter I shall deem it my duty, should General Foster return here, immediately to arrest him.

During the present distracted state of the country I regret exceedingly that General Foster should have so far lost sense of his duty; but in view of the best interests of the service and my own responsibility as commander of this department no other alternative is left.

I inclose herewith copy of my general orders assuming command of the re-enforcements.

I have the honor to be, general, with the highest esteem, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., February 9, 1863.

Brigadier General H. M. NAGLEE,

Commanding Division, Saint Helena Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that, having to make up our department returns to-morrow, it will be necessary for you to send us a return of the forces under you command at your earliest convenience.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. G. ALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Harbor of Beaufort, S. C., February 10, 1863-6 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES G. ALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: In reply to your request, received some fifteen minutes since, I would respectfully inclose the roster of the colonels of my division and of others so far as they are known to me; at the same time, in

