
the absence of any order from the War Department transferring the troops of the department of General Foster to that of General Hunter, or of any order of General Hunter assuming the command thereof, I would respectfully protest against the request of General Hunter, it being it direct violation of the written and verbal orders of General Foster to me, which I am preparing to transmit to you.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 13. Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., February 11, 1863.

The undersigned hereby assumes command of the re-enforcements recently arrived in this department from North Carolina-such troops, on their arrival here, having become a portion of the Tenth Army Corps.

Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee and Orris S. Ferry, commanding divisions, will cause the various staff officers of their commands to report and make due returns and reports to these headquarters. They will also cause the chief quartermasters of their divisions to turn over all marine transportation brought down with them to Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Elwell, chief quartermaster of this department.

The divisions commanded by Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee and Orris S. Ferry will remain intact as at present organized-General Naglee, as senior officer, assuming command of all the United States forces on Saint Helena Island, with the exception of those stationed at Bay Point, who will continue to report to post headquarters, Hilton Head Island, until further orders.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 11, 1863.

Major-General FOSTER, Eighteenth Corps:

MY DEAR GENERAL: The dispatches I send* will explain themselves, and advise you of the changes here since your departure. I have done all in my power to place you and myself properly on the record. You will learn from Darr all not referred to within.

You must get the order of the Secretary of War or your position and those connected with you will be most disagreeable and unsatisfactory.

We will wait with the greatest to hear from you.

Yours, faithfully and sincerely,

NAGLEE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., February 11, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Since sending my communication of this day's date, covering certified copies of correspondence and orders in reference to the re-

---------------

*Copies of inclosures to Hunter to Halleck, February 11, 1863, p. 396.

---------------

