
Church Flats, to ascertain, if possible, the force there. From the intelligence I get from contrabands this is among the best approaches to Charleston. The distance to Church Flats is 5 miles; from there to Charleston 15 miles. It is reported a battery of four guns exists at Church Flats. The Charleston and Savannah Railroad is but 2 miles from Church Flats. No intelligence has been received of late from the main-land, but I shall use every endeavor to obtain all the intelligence I can.

It was reported yesterday morning that the enemy were erecting earthworks at Watch Cut, on Jehossee Island. I immediately ordered the point to be shelled, and sent a detachment from the Third New Hampshire Volunteers, under cover of artillery, on the island. The earthworks proved to be simply a shelter for the picket stationed there. I propose to make a reconnaissance in force on the island in a few days, and am in hopes to capture a few of the enemy on picket opposite Little Edisto Island.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. Q. FELLOWS,

Colonel Third New Hampshire Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant A. B. ELY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 16, 1862.-Skirmish on Whitemarsh Island, Ga.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General David Hunter, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the South.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Henry W. Benham, U. S. Army, commanding Northen District, Department of the South.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General Quincy A. Gillmore, U. S. Army.

Numbers 4.-First Lieutenant James H. Wilson, U. S. Topographical Engineers, Chief Topographical Engineer Department of the South.

Numbers 5.-Colonel William M. Fenton, Eighth Michigan Infantry.

Numbers 6.-Colonel Marcellus Douglass, Thirteenth Georgia Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General David Hunter, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the South.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Port Royal, S. C., April 17, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copies of letters from General Benham and Acting Brigadier-General Gillmore, covering a report from Lieutenant J. H. Wilson, Topographical Engineers, of a reconnaissance of Wilmington Island, made yesterday.

I regret to state our loss at 10 killed and 35 wounded. Our men, however, behaved nobly, and beat back double their numbers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington.

