
confidentially made to me and intended to be used only under contingencies which have not as yet transpired.

I protest that we came here with the full assurance of General Foster that he was sent by the Secretary of War and General Halleck to command the troops brought by him, and that the same assurance has been repeated by him since his conferences with General Hunter, and that during his stay I have been informed that no communication has been made to him to show the intention of General Hunter to assume command.

I protest for the reason that in going away to procure material of a character which would render the operations intended more complete and certain General Foster left his chief of staff, his chief of artillery, his medical director, his quartermaster, his ordnance officer, engineer, and several of his aides-de-camp, all of the Eighteenth Army Corps, of the Department of North Carolina, which, it would seem, cannot well be merged in another department.

I protest that no mere act of mine n responding to the various requests of General Hunter shall be hereafter used as evidence of a surrender of my command to General Hunter in the absence of a direct order from General Hunter assuming command.

I would again respectfully request that General Hunter will relieve me of further responsibility and embarrassments by formally and clearly announcing his intention to assume the command of the troops brought to South Carolina by General Foster.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Since writing the above General Hunter's Orders, Numbers 13, assuming command of the re-enforcements recently arrived from North Carolina, has been received. Yielding all obedience to this order, I yet consider it my duty respectfully to file the above protest, that the same may be of record.

HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VAL, February 13, 1863-8 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have just arrived from the South to obtain more heavy guns and ammunition. I have reconnoitered the whole coast from Charleston to the Ogeechee and can give full information of the state of affairs, both naval and military. While the ordnance is being loaded I can come to Washington to report in person, and with your permission will do so.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 15, 1863.

Major-General HUNTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: Major General J. G. Foster has just received Brigadier-General Naglee's protest to you on the 11th instant against the consideration

