
I therefore respectfully request to be allowed to return to my command in North Carolina and to make all the diversion possible with my remaining forces. I propose to send General Palmer or General Prince to relieve General Naglee, as you direct. I will your answer at Fort Monroe.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., February 16, 1863-10.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

General Foster is very unwilling to go back to Hilton Head since receipt of General Halleck's last letter delieved by me. He does not wish to relieve Naglee, and fears he will lose his command of Department of North Carolina, thinking from something said by General Halleck that Burnside will be sent to North Carolina. The train was delayed an hour by an accident and I have not had much time to talk with him. He telegraphs you, and we go down to Old Point immediately. I have shown his the last letter to General Hunter, leaving out about arrest.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

February 16, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND:

On reaching Fort Monroe you had better proceed at once on one of the boats, leaving General Foster to follow in the other boat with the ordnance and ammunition. You will thus precede him by some hours.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, February 17, 1863.

Major-General FOSTER, Fort Monroe, Va.:

Your dispatch from Baltimore is received. It is optional with you to return to South Carolina or not, and, if go, to remain or not. It was determined when General Burnside was relieved from the Army of the Potomac that the he should resume command in North Carolina, either immediately or on the expiration of his leave.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

February 17, 1863-6.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War;

We arrived here at 5 p. m. Your dispatch of yesterday is received. General Foster, on General Halleck's dispatch of this date, decides not to go back to South Carolina, but await further orders. Will not this

