
I waived the request or order for the time being, and consented that the troops should remain on board the transports until further advised.

As the further point made by you that the "request" to be furnished with a return of your command was not received by you until there bourns after General Foster's departure for the North, the context evidently implying the assumption that the question of command was purposely held in abeyance by me during General Foster's presence here, there are three abundant answers, are sufficient to do away with your objection:

1st. That no possibly of an such controversy ever entered my mind, and that I was daily in expectation of receiving without order the reports and returns prescribed by Army Regulations, and that with my then view of General Foster's position as an honored visitor of this department and Army Corps I much preferred, if possible, that the returns should be made and the acknowledgment of the transfer of command be given of his own motion.

2nd. That I did not know that General Foster was going to leave the department, it being reported to me that he was about to visit Stono Inlet on a reconnaissance, from which he might be expected back in a couple of days. The request or order, moreover, was written on the 9th, and was only not relieved to you on that afternoon or evening by Captain Thompson, one of my aides, because he could not fin you in your division encampment, you not having headquarters aboard the transport.

3rd. And lastly, you did not received this request of order until the 9th inst. partly for the reason stated in the first part of these answering paragraphs and also because my department return called for by general orders of the War Department was not required to be made up until the 10th. Finding on the 9th your report was necessary and was not forthcoming. I then directed Colonel Halpine, my assistant adjutant-general, to address you on the subject, telling him to state in connection with my request or order the cause which made it necessary.

As to your not receiving any other documents of a nature to suggest that I regarded myself as in command until the 10th instant no explanation can be seriously asked. For three of the eight days referred to I was at Fort Pulaski, and having no orders or correspondence of any pressing to send you I was unwilling that you should be troubled until your command had been disembarked and put in order.

In conclusion, general, let me add that the tone of your letter is so far removed from the tenor of your conversation upon these point that I cannot but regard it as suggested to yo by extraneous influences. You have received a regular military education, and i believe you to be so good a soldier that you cannot but agree with me in the views expressed in this letter.

I shall expect in the operations about to be taken in this department you hearty and best co-operation, and have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HDQRS. DETACHMENT EIGHTEENTH CORPS,Saint Helena Island, February 13, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES G. HALPINE, A. A. G., Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I would respectfully acknowledge the receipt of the communication of General Hunter of the 12th instant.

