
I regret very much that General Hunter indicates an impropriety of expression not warranted by my communication. I did not assert "that the troops were specially anxious to serve under a favorite general," but hat they had been promised, from representations made to them by their favorite commander, that the absence from their old comrades in arms would be but a temporary one. I am surprised that General Hunter should consider it a great impropriety in American troops that they should have favor and affection for a brave and gallant officer with whom they have long served, and am yet to learn that it is any indication of insubordination or that they would fight the less for their country when led by one that was their favorite and in whom they had great confidence; on the contrary, as you admit in instances referred to by you, it was fully demonstrated that it did not indicate any insubordination. The just discrimination and intelligence of the American citizen has always been admitted, and I cannot admit that they lose this character in becoming "American troops".

There is no difference between General Hunter and myself in regard to the form of an order or to his authority to assume the command, but in the manner in which he made known his intentions to assume the command of General Foster's forces, and, with due respect, I still believe that the requests or orders referred to should have been preceded by a notification to the whole command of over 10,000 persons that change of so important a character had been determined upon.

I regret that General Hunter had not suspended his opinion in regard to certain confidential, not "secret", instructions until he should have an opportunity to read them, at all events. The impropriety of conduct charged agains General Foster in this regard is a subject for which he alone is responsible. In reviewing the whole subject I can find no just grounds for the intimation of insubordination made by General Hunter and feel that my position in the absence of General Foster required a respectful and formal protest.

In order that there shall be no misapprehension I would here insert that Generals Hunter and Foster went together to Pulaski; that General Foster made a reconnaissance to Stono; that we returned and were at General Hunter's headquarters during his absence on the afternoon of 9th, and that General Foster left between 8 and 11 a. m. of the 10th of February, stating in written orders and in the communication hereto attached that he should return in as hurt time.

On the 10th General Hunter assumed command of the forces brought by General Foster to South Carolina, and order that his marine transportation should be turned over to his (General Hunter's) department.

I might answer many if not all the points raised by General Hunter, but I am reminded that in a controversy between a superior and his junior officer the advantaged are all on one side; besides, such a controversy could to no better understanding between us. Our country requires our best, most harmonious, united efforts, and in the common cause to sink all personal considerations.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General.

[Sub-inclosure.]

HILTON HEAD, S. C., February 9, 1863.

General NAGLEE, Present:

GENERAL: In the orders I gave you on the 7th instant (expecting to

