
I regret that I am unable to inclose Lieutenant-Colonel Beaver's report, as it has gone to headquarters. When it returns I will forward a copy.

The Parrott gun is a beautiful arm, but the projectile is faulty and not to be depended upon. About one shot in four would turn end over end. I endeavored to remedy it, and did in a measure by greasing them and packing the base with paper. The extreme range of the piece is about 4 miles, and very accurate when the projectile does not turn. I should have mentioned that after Colonel Beaver embarked I opened fire again and continued it until he had crossed.

I have the honor to be, Governor, your obedient servant,

C. BLANDING,

Major, Commanding Third R. I. Artillery, Hilton Head, S. C.

His Excellency Gov. WILLIAM SPRAGUE, Providence, R. I.

JUNE 15, 1862.-Naval descent upon Saint Mark's Fla.

Report of Brigadier General Joseph Finegan, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Middle and East Florida.

TALLAHASSEE, FLA., June 17, 1862.

I have just returned from Saint Mark's. The enemy shelled the lighthouse for several hours; sent fire-boats on shore and burned the woodwork of the light-house and the keeper's house adjoining, and burned all the buildings on the beach. I had a small picket guard at the light-house. No person hurt.

The Seventh Regiment will proceed at once to Chattanooga.

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER, Richmond, Va.

JUNE 16, 1862.-Engagement at Secessionville, James Island, S. C.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Major General David Hunter, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the South.

Numbers 2.-Return of Casualties in the Union forces.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General Henry W. Benhan, U. S. Army, commanding Northern District, Department of the South.

Numbers 4.-Brigadier General Horatio G. Wright, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.

Numbers 5.-Colonel John L. Chatfied, Sixth Connecticut Infantry, commanding First Brigade First Division.

Numbers 6.-Colonel Henry R. Guss, Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 7.-Colonel Thomas Welsh, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 8.-Brigadier General Isaac I. Stevens, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

Numbers 9.-Colonel William M. Fentoon, Eighth Michigan Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 10.-Lieutenant Colonel Joseph R. Hawley, Seventh Connecticut Infantry.

Numbers 11.-Lieutenant Colonel MacLelland Moore, Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Infantry.

