
cannot be spared from North Carolina." Coming here under these circumstances I certainly expected to be treated as a soldier, and not to have re-enforcements sent here with written orders to act independently. I am fully convinced, general, that you have been deceived in this case, and that on reviewing in you will send me word that no soldier could have done differently.

I have the honor to transmit herewith certified copy of general orders of this department revoking the consolidation of the re-enforcements from North Carolina with the Tenth Army Corps.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 15. Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., Feb, 23, 1863.

* * * * *

III. In conformity with instructions received from Headquarters of the Army, so much of General Orders, Numbers 13, from these headquarters, current series, as incorporates the re-enforcements ordered by the Government to this department from North Carolina with the Tenth Army Corps is hereby revoked, and such re-enforcements will hereafter be regarded and returned as a detachments of the Eighteenth Army Corps, serving the Department of the South, and forming a portion of this command. The division organization of these troops will continue as at present.

* * * * *

By command of Major General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., February 27, 1863.

General H. M. NAGLEE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Saint Helene Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication, dated the 25th instant, * in which you recite, from a copy furnished to you on the 22nd instant, the following extract from a letter written by Major-General Halleck to General Hunter on the 16th instant:

General Naglee's protest being disapproved, the Secretary of War has directed that he be relieved from duty in your (General Hunter's) department.

And in reply to your letter I am instructed by the major-general commanding to transmit herewith certified copy of a telegram, dated the 18th instant, sent by Major-General Halleck, general-in-chief U. S. Army, through Colonel E. D. Townsend, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Army, from which you will perceive that the matter of relieving you or retaining you in command of the re-enforcements is left to General Hunter's discretion.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

