
cause present instructions to be modified by orders from these headquarters.

For these reasons the organization of the staff for such separate corps organization is unnecessary and will be revoked, and the organization of the troops on Saint Helena Island will be as prescribed in Special Orders, Numbers 116, from these headquarters (current series.)

By command of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps.

(Communication without date received with Special Orders, Numbers 116.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., February 28, 1863.

Brigadier General ORRIS S. FERRY,

Commanding Division, Saint Helena:

GENERAL: The division under your command will during the army operations upon Charleston be kept for some time afloat and in reserve- this pending some preliminary labor that will probably be accomplished by other troops.

It is probable that the subsistence and ammunition designated in previous instructions will suffice for the time that your command may be on transports, as above indicated.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., February 28, 1863.

Brigadier General H. M. NAGLEE,

Commanding Division, Saint Helena Island:

GENERAL: So far as the nature of expect operations in Charleston Harbor can be foreseen on the part of land forces, you will be directed to conduct those against the north extremity of Sullivan's Island. A division-that under your immediate command-will probably be ample for this purpose. It will be landed on Long Island, on the southern extremities of which numerous rifled guns will be put under cover as rapidly as possible; light mortars. Coehorns, &amp;c., will be made use of should the nature of the ground admit; and under this fire, with the aid of that naval-vessels, it is expected that whatever works or batteries may exist on the point referred to will be overcome; if so, a crossing will be made, all of heavier rifles will be passed over to Sullivan's Island (with whatever additional artillery may prove necessary), and all resisting force driven upon Fort Moultrie, which will then be attacked i conjunction with the Navy.

Under any circumstances (should any co-operation on the part of land forces be desirable) the landing on Long Island and the establishment of works against the battery at Breach Inlet will probably be an essential part of that co-operation.

The artillery at your disposal, consisting of that recently arrived from North Carolina, is as follows: Ten 30-pounder Parrotts, four 20-pounder

