
Parrotts, four 12-pounder Wiards, six 3-inch ordnance, rifled, four 8 and four 10 inch mortars, and additional mortars and Coehorns will probably be furnished from another source should it be found necessary.

The heavy Parrotts (100-pounders) may possibly be required against Fort Moultrie, and should be landed after the Breach Inlet battery falls if the weather should permit.

It is believed that the arrangements that were originally made with respect to the service of these guns need not be disturbed; that the same details for service and the same transportation already designated are proper, and not to be disarranged without good reasons on your part. And these instructions are given in order that any intermediate measures that may occur to your mind may be suggest and acted upon.

Very respectfully, general, your most obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT EIGHTEENTH CORPS,Saint Helena Island, S. C., March 1, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES G. HALPINE, A. A. G., Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I would respectfully acknowledge the receipt of Special Orders, Numbers 116, and your communication without date which accompanied it.

It is with profound regret that I find a determination to open the unfortunate difficulties that I had sincerely hoped were settled by the Secretary of War. A contrary course diverts the necessary attention of all from the important preparations absolutely necessary for our success, and may cause delay, which at this season of the year may be most fatal.

I had hoped that "with its own officers, as assigned by its proper chief", the organization of the command from North Carolina would not have been disturbed, and that whilst cheerfully responding to the "general orders and direction" of General Hunter the management of my command in all other regards would have left as indicated by General Foster, General Hunter holding me only responsible for the full and faithful performance of every duty.

To assist in the complicated and hazardous undertaking against Cherleston, the most important of the war, General Foster brought an efficient staff, who had prepared all the material necessary with the greatest possible care, and who would gladly have assisted in its expenditure; but by Special Orders, Numbers 97, this entire organization was broken up, and the gentleman have all returned to North Carolina. In my attempt to provide for their absence and to appoint the necessary officers to carry out the purposes for which the troops were brought into this department, I am met with your especial instructions, which require me to revoke an order appointing a surgeon to act in the absence of the medial director here by General Foster, and advised "that no corps organization is contemplated with respect to the detachment of the Eighteenth Army Corps now in this department," in which we entirely agree ; at the same time you certainly will admit that I cannot conduct the business of the detachment which I command of 12,000 men (the organization of which, made by the President, General Halleck directs cannot be "changed") without proper staff assistance, and this is the object for which this and other similar appointments were made.

