
Numbers 12.-Lieutenant Colonel Frank Graves, Eighth Michigan Infantry.

Numbers 13.-Colonel Daniel Leasure, One hundredth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 14.-Colonel Rundoplh Rosa, Forty-sixth New York Infantry.

Numbers 15.-Lieutenant Colonel David Morrison, Seventy-ninth New York Infantry.

Numbers 16.-Major David A. Leckey, One hundredth Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 17.-Colonel Robert Williams, First Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 18.-Lieutenant Colonel John H. Jackson, Third New Hampshire Infantry. Numbers 19.-Captain Alfred F. Sears, First New York Engineers.

Numbers 20.-Captain Alfred P. Rockwell, First Connecticut Battery.

Numbers 21.-Major Edwin Metcalf, Third Rhode Island Heavy Artillery.

Numbers 22.-Captain Lucius M. sergeant, jr., First Massachusetts Cavalry.

Numbers 23.-Major General John C. Pemberton, C. S. Army, commanding Department of South Carolina and Georgia.

Numbers 24.-Return of Casualties in the Confederate forces.

Numbers 25.-Brigadier General Nathan G. Evans, C. S. Army, commanding Second Military District.

Numbers 26.-Colonel T. G. Lamar, First South Carolina Artillery.

Numbers 27.-Major David Ramsay, First South Carolina (Charleston) Battalion.

Numbers 28.-Colonel S. C. Goodlett, Twenty-second South Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 29.-Colonel Johnson Hagood, First South Carolina Infantry, commanding advanced forces.

Numbers 30.-Lieutenant Colonel J. McEnery, Fourth Louisiana Battalion.

Numbers 31.-Colonel C. H. Stevens, Twenty-fourth South Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 32.-Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Simonton, Twenty-fifth South Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 33.-Lieutenant R. A. Blum, Twenty-fifth South Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 34.-Captain J. E. Adger, Twenty-fifth South Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General David Hunter, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the South.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., June 23, 1862.

SIR: On the 13th instant I had the honor to informing you that we had occupied the southwestern portion of James Island, on the Stono River, within 5 or 6 miles of Charleston, intending to make a rush for the reduction of that city as soon as re-enforcements should arrive. As we failed in being able to make a coup de main on charleston in consequence of our transportation not having been turned to us from the North, the enemy had time to throw strong re-enforcements on James Island, rendering and advance with our existing force extremely hazardous. I therefore determined to make no forward movement, having satisfied myself by reconnaissances of the increase of the enemy's strength; and on leaving the Stono to return to this point, where matters affecting the safety of the command in other portions of the department called for my presence, I gave positive orders to General Benham that no advance should be made until further explicit orders had been received from these headquarters.* General Benham disobeyed these positive orders an clear instructions, and the result, I deeply regret to say, has been a disastrous repulse, only redeemed by the brilliant con-

---------------

*See Inclosure Numbers 3 to Hunter's report of June 27, p. 46; see also pp. 979-1015.

---------------

