
of honor to vie with the gallant men from the Department of North Carolina, who have been sent by Government to take part with you in the dangers and the glory of operations now pending.

Officers and men of the command, you are adjured to the performance of every duty. All who earn distinction, no matter how humble their position, have my pledge that their service shall be honorably acknowledge and the acknowledgment pressed to their advantage.

Commanding officers of divisions, brigades, and regiments, in making their reports to these headquarters, will give the name of every officer and a full descriptive list of every non-commissioned officer and soldier of their commands who was attracted their observation as behaving with special gallantry or good conduct, in order that the names of all such may be published with honor at their own homes; and all; who are thus mentioned may rely that no efforts shall be lacking on the part of the major-general commanding to secure their promotion.

Should any officers neglect their men or service the least disposition to shrink at any moment from the proper responsibilities of their commissions they will be likewise reported and held amenable to the severest penalties denounced by military law for misconduct in presence of the enemy. Should private soldiers distinguish themselves while officers become liable to censure it would be treason to the country not to compel an exchange of places.

The attention of all officers is earnestly called to Article 37, Revised Regulations for the Army, in relation to "troops on board transports," paragraphs 861 and 863 of this article being of particular importance.

By command of Major General D. Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 127. Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., March 5, 1863.

Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee having sent a third insubordinate protest, much more objectionable that the first, to these headquarters, his first having been disapproved by the Honorable Secretary of War, who in consequence directed that he be relieved from duty in this department, afterward leaving it optional with the general to relieve or retain him the commanding general, after very mature reflection and with a solemn sense of his responsibilities to his country, sincerely believes that the harmony of the department and the best interests of the service require that General Naglee should be relieved from duty. The said Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee is therefore hereby relieved from duty in the Department of the South, and Brigadier General Orris S. Ferry will immediately assume command of all the U. S. forces on Saint Helena Island.

Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee will proceed to the city of New York by the first steamer and report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

By command of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,Asst. Adjt. General, Tenth Army Corps and Dept. of the South.

