
Fort Jackson, and that two additional rams have been commenced.

The men are Northern and appear reliable.

Last night the enemy made a dash across Skull Creek, near Spanish Wells, and captured an officer and some few men belonging to the Signal Corps, immediately getting back into their boats and escaping before our infantry, through very alert, could overtake them.

I take this occasion of again renewing my request for a regiment of cavalry, the one battalion of the First Massachusetts Cavalry stationed in the department being utterly unable to furnish the necessary reliefs for patrols and pickets, while the exposed situation of these islands, liable to sudden forays of the enemy from the main-land, renders it peculiarly desirable that we should have speedy means for the transmission of intelligence.

I have the honor to be, general, with high esteem, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 14, 1863.

General M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: We have not a pound of coal. Full estimates have been sent but it does not arrive. Unless it is sent immediately great delay, and possibly disaster, may occur.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT NICHOLAS, New York, March 15, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER:

GENERAL: I send you the order of General under ordering me from his department.* I had attempted to send the order by the Quaker City, but that failed.

I have just arrived, and am therefore yet unable to do anything or to say what course I shall pursue. We have everything in our hands if only used to advantage. I consider the conduct of Hunter in everything pertaining to your department as outrageously indecent, uncivil, illegal, and despotic in the extreme.

He is now doing his best to place us in a false position by insinuation and garbled partial statements. Not knowing who are your especial friends, I do not know how to find your friends and those of the gentlemen of your staff. I was surprised that I received no letter from you excepting only the open that was sent by Darer.

Truly and sincerely, yours,

HENRY M. NAGLEE.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 16, 1863.

Major-General HUNTER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: Yours of the 7th nd 11th instant are just received. Brigadier-

---------------

* See p. 420

---------------

