
same proportion it is important to us that it shall. Hence the utmost caution and vigilance is necessary on our part. The enemy will make extra efforts to destroy them, and we should do the same to preserve and increase them.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, April 2, 1863.

Rear-Admiral S. F. DUPONT,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, Port Royal, S. C.:

SIR: The exigencies of the public service are so pressing in the Guh that the Department directs you to send all the iron-clads that are in a fit condition to move, after your present attack upon Charleston, directly to New Orleans, reserving to yourself only two.

Very respectfully,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, April 2, 1863.

Rear-Admiral S. F. DUPONT,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, Port Royal, S. C.:

DEAR ADMIRAL: Matters are at a stand-still on the Mississippi River, and the President was with difficulty restrained from sending off Hunter and all the iron-clads directly to New Orleans, the opening of the Mississippi being considered the principal object to be attained. It is, however, arranged, as you will see by to-day's order, that you are to send all the iron-clads that survive the attack upon Charleston immediately to New Orleans, reserving for you squadron only two. We must abandon all other operations on the coast where iron-clads are necessary to a future time. We cannot clear the Mississippi River without the iron-clads, and as all the supplies come down the Red River that stretch of the river must be in our possession. This plan has been agreed upon after consideration and seems to be imperative.

With my sincere prayers in your behalf, my dear admiral, I remain sincerely, yours,

G. V. FOX.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,On board the ben De Ford, North Edisto River, April 3, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief u. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that one-half the command intended to co-operate with the Navy in the joint attack upon Charleston is now safely in this vicinity, on Cole's and North Edisto Islands, and that the remainder, at the time of my leaving Hilton Head this forenoon, were partially embarked and ready to sail. It is possible they may be detained a day or two by a violent easterly storm, which sprang up late this afternoon; but as the Navy cannot move until the storm, which may detain them, has fully subsided, the possible delay is not material. I have seen Admiral; DuPont this afternoon, and find

