
II. General A. H. Terry's division will return to Port Royal Harbor.

Its disposition will be made in further orders.

III. The Seventh Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, Colonel Hawley, ell return immediately to Fernandina, Fla.

IV. The Seventh Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers, Colonel Putnam, will return immediately to Saint Augustine, Fla.

V. The One hundredth Regiment New York Volunteers, Colonel Dandy, will garrison Cole's Island, reporting to Brigadier-General Vogdes, Folly Island.

VI. The four regiments of Brigadier-General Vogde's brigade will occupy Folly Island, and Brigadier-General Vogdes is hereby placed in command of all the forces that are to remain in the Stono River and in its vicinity. Captain Jenney's company, Third Regiment New York Artillery, and Captain Cruso's company Volunteer Engineers, will remain on Fully Island with General Vogdes.

VII. Brigadier-General Stevenson's brigade will occupy Edisto Island. Lieutenant Morrison's company Third New York Artillery, and Captain Warker's company Volunteer Engineers, will remain on Edisto Island, reporting to General Stevenson.

VIII. The Artillery Brigade, Colonel Metcalf, is disposed of as follows: The Third Regiment Rhode Island Artillery will proceed to Hilton Head, the Third New York Artillery (foot) to Beaufort, S. C.

IX. The Third New York Artillery batteries, Lieutenant Thomas and Captain Angel, will proceed to Saint Helena.

X. The detachment of Marine Artillery, now on duty on this department, will proceed to Saint Helena Island, there to be mustered out of service.

* * * * *

By command of Major General D. Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Lieutenant Colonel and A. A. G., Tenth Army Corps, Dept. South.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Seabrock Island, S. C., April 12, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The extract from special orders from Department Headquarters, dated April 11, which I have just received, state that "Brigadier-General Stevenson will occupy Edisto Island. Lieutenant Morrison's battery Third Regiment New Your Artillery, and Captain Walker's company Volunteer Engineers will remain on Edisto Island, reporting to General Stevenson."

I presume you intend that I shall remain on Seabrook Island, which I now occupy, and the therefore shall not move my command to Edisto Island until I hear further from you.

Captain Walker's company Volunteers Engineers in not the.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS G. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S.-The enemy continue to annoy our pickers. Yesterday they wounded, it is feared fatally, Sergeant [George S.] Peach, of Company B. Twenty-fourth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

