
and the increasing sick list from the command is another argument not to be overlooked.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,James Island, S. C., June 22, 1862.

Major CHARLES G. HALPINE,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dept. of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose a communication from Brigadier General I. I. Stevens in reference to General Benham's letter of the 23th instant regarding our attack upon Secessionville.

I fully indorse all that is sad by General Stevens in his letter, and repudiate as emphatically as he has done for himself any attempt to use my name as favoring the operations of the 16th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure.]
HDQRS. 1ST DIV., NORTH DIST., DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Smith's Island, S. C., June 22, 1862.

Captain E. W. SMITH,

A. A. A. G., Dept. of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: I have received a copy of General Benham's communication of the 20th instant in regard to the attack on Secessionville. I repudiate the use he attempts to make of my name. On the evening before the battle, at a conference invited by him, and at which were present General Wright, Colonel Williams, and myself, General Benham was most distinctly warned that under his orders we were going out to fight a battle. General Wright made the statement to General Benham, and it was most positively and unequivocally concurred in by both Colonel Williams and myself. I was utterly opposed to the attack on Secessionville on the morning of the 16th, and so expressed myself unequivocally in confederacy. I also understood unequivocally that General Wright and Colonel Williams were opposed to it. Much more might be said on this subject, but I forbear.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient,

ISAAAC, I. STEVENS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

HILTON HEAD, S. C., June 20, 1862.

Captain E. W. SMITH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the South:

SIR: As you did not mention the cause of my ares last evening while notifying me thereof, yet, as I understood from my previous con

