
[Indorsement.]

Write to General Stevenson that his interpretation of special orders is correct, and that Edisto is a clerical mistake, Seabrook having been intended. Say that Walker's company will be sent to him, and ordered to to be sent. Also order 25 cavalry to Folly Island to report to Brigadier-General Vogdes, 1 lieutenant, 2 sergeants, 4 corporals, and 18 enlisted men.

C. G. H.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 190. Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., April 12, 1863.

It having been officially represented to the major-general commanding by Brigadier-General Hackman, Major Solomon Giles, Third New York Artillery, and Captain H. W. Hutchings, of the staff of Brigadier-General Stevenson, that Major-General Foster, commanding Department of North Carolina, is besieged and in danger of being captured by the enemy at Washington, N. C., Brigadier-General Hecman, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby ordered to proceed with his brigade, consisting of the following regiments: Ninth New Jersey, Twenty-third Massachusetts, Eighty-first New York, and Ninety-eighth New York, to New Berne, N. C. Where he will report to Brigade-General Palmer, or whoever may be the general in command, for service in the relieving of Major-General Foster. This duty executed, or it being found that Major-General Foster has been already relieving, Brigadier-General Hackman will forth with return with his command to this department.

By command of Major General D. Hunter:

ED. W. SMITH,Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, April 13, 1863.

ADMIRAL DUPONT:

Hold your position inside the bar near Charleston,or if you shall have left it return to it, and hold it till further orders. So not allow the enemy to erect new batteries or defenses on Morris Island. If he has begun it, drive him out. I do not herein order you to renew the general attack. That is to depend on your own discretion or a further order.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 13, 1863-3.50 p. m.

Major-General HUNTER,

Department of the South:

Dispatches have been sent to Admiral DuPont to continue operations against Charleston. You will co-operate with your forces with Admiral DuPont as you and he may deem best. it is the President's desire that these operations be continued.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

