HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 16, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt this morning of your special telegraphic instructions, via Fortress Monroe, dated 3.50 p. m., April 13, 1863, informing me that be order of the President orders have been sent to Admiral DuPont to continue operations against Charleston, and directing me to co-operate with the admiral as may be agreed upon between us.

In accordance with these instructions I have the honor to inform you that a portion of the late expeditionary forces is now en route to re-enforce the brigade of General Vogdes, occupying Folly Island and the Stono, and General Stevenson, holding Seabrook Island and the Edisto, and that the balance of the expeditionary force (les the brigade of General Heskman, sent to relieve Major-General Foster at Washington, N. C., five companies of the Seventh Connecticut returned to Fernandina, and five companies of the Seventh New Hampshire to Saint Augustine) will be as the scene of operations within three days from this date.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. OF THE TROOPS ON THE STONO, S. C.,Folly Island, April 16, 1863.

Colonel CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with Orders, No.-, from Headquarters Department of the Sout, I assumed command on the 11th of April.

During the night of the 10th and 11th an attack was made upon a small force at the north end of the island, in which we had one man mortally wounded and one man taken prisoner.

Colonel Dandy of the One hundredth New, saw stationed at that point, acting under special orders from General Seymour. As the affair occurred previous to my having assumed command I inclose Colonel Dandy's report.* Since that time the enemy has been extending and strengthening his pickets, but has not ventured to attack.

The line required to be defended is 7 miles in length, and, with the exception of the east beach at low tide, entirely without communication. I have endeavored to make the best disposition of the limited number of troops at my disposal in order to meet any attack of the enemy. I may be attacked either at the north end of the island through Light-House Inlet, or troops embarking in boats of light draught and descending the numerous tributaries of the Folly, or finally by a combined attack of the enemy descending the Stono with a naval force, and at the same time attacking my line and naval force when of necessary it will be deprived of the co-operation of that important auxiliary to its defense.

The great difficulty in the defense is the great length of the line in proportion to the number of troops, the absence of any practicable

---------------

* See p. 284.

---------------

