
roads, and the want of mobility of my artillery. I am anxiously awaiting the arrival of the horses for the section of the Ward battery, which will add greatly to the strength of my position.

If possible I should desire to have both, or one of the other sections of the battery, mounted. Finding that the naval forces could not render me the desired assistance in case of an attack and at the same time attend to Cole's Island, I yesterday withdrew Colonel Dandy's regiments to this island, to the defense of which I deem it necessary, and in the mean time the naval forces here promise to prevent the island from being occupied by the enemy. I shall write to you again, explaining fully my views at to the best means of defending this station. My dispositions have necessarily to be modified from day to day until I can open communication and supply my troops.

The Sixty-second Ohio, Thirty-ninth Illinois, and one-half of the Sixty, seventh Ohio, Captain Jenneys' battery Third New York Artillery, and Captain Cruso's company of Volunteers Engineers are stationed at the north end of the island. The remainder of Colonel Voris' regiment will join them to-day. Colonel Fandy's regiment will be stationed at a point intermediate as soon as the horses are landed and a road can be opened. At present it and Colonel Howell's regiment (Eighty-fifty Pennsylvania Volunteers) are encamped near Plantation House. Five companies occupy the extreme end of the island, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Steele, of the Thirty-ninth Illinois [Sixty-second Ohio? Colonel Steele reports having found two elastic beets connecting with the other shore, which for some reason were destroyed by our troops without orders. I have not yet learned the particulars.

I regret to have to report the death of Captain Rodgers, of the Sixty-second Ohio Regiment, on the ninth of the 13th. The captain was unfortunately shot by one of our own pickets. I have not yet received full particulars of the unfortunate occurrence. I hope to do so in time for my next.

I have sent Lieutenant Vidal to headquarters to endeavor to make some arrangements for telegraphing along my present line. It is not necessary, colonel, for me to state how important it is that I should be able to promptly communicate with any point of my line. The safety of the whole command may depend upon it. I hope you will furnish Mr. Vidal the means for so doing.

The number and variety of my present duties must be my excuse for not making a more full report at present.

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General VOGDES,

Commanding Folly Island, &amp;c., S. C.:

GENERAL: The orders for your withdrawal are hereby countermanded, and you will remain where you are. Should re-enforcements become necessary to secure your position they will be sent immediately. Send the transportation back to this post at once.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Stevenson.)

