HEADQUARTERS STONO INLET, S. C.,April 17, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES G. HALPINE,

A. A. G., Tenth A. C.:

COLONEL: Since my letter of yesterday I have nothing particular to report, except that a short artillery practice took place between the gunboat McDonough and some batteries of the enemy place on the right of the branch of the Folly, which joins that river near Plantation House. The enemy's guns were of too light caliber to do us injury. All of the shots fell short.

I will again urged upon the general commanding the absolute necessity of furnishing me with horses and harness for my artillery. At present it is entirely wanting in mobility, and without that attribute it is exceedingly doubtful whether it is an element of strength or of weakness. My dispositions have necessarily to be made under the hypothesis of my batteries being fixed, and but little or no field is left for maneuvering.

I have necessarily to anticipate each and all possible means of attack and as far as possible devise means to repulse them. I must also urge upon the general commanding the great necessity of increasing the naval force within the inlet. Should the enemy attack the present weak naval force in the Stono all of it will necessarily have to be concentrated at the mouth of the Folly, and my flank for the extent of 7 miles will only be guarded by a thin line of grand guard.

I hope therefore that the naval force may be increased; also that horses and harness and two additional regiments of infantry may be sent me at as early a date as possible.

I have the honor to be, yours, &amp;c.,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General, Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS STONO INLET,Folly Island, S. C., Artillery 20, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES G. HALPINE,

A. A. G., Tenth Army Corps, Dept. of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

COLONEL: Since mine of the 18th nothing of importance has occurred at this station. The enemy has been unusually quiet. He is constructing works on the south end of Morris Island, and has a line of vedettes in the woods, about 2,000 yards on our left. I am inclined to the opinion that nothing but a thin line of the Mounted Rangers (militia) are on our left. Still, we are so near to Charleston and the woods so completely screen his movements, that he can throw at any time a very considerable force of infantry along his line without our being able to discover it.

I venture to suggest the propriety of sending one of the iron-clads or monitors to guard the Stono and collecting the other ships at or near the mouth of the Folly.

A work, if we had any heavy Parrott guns, so as to command the mouth of the Folly, might be constructed, thus securing the vessels in the Folly.

I renew request to have the whole of the Ward battery mounted; also for the additional regiments of infantry.

i have the honor to be, yours, truly,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General, Volunteers.

