
probable that the enemy will return venture to withdraw theirs from. Charleston. They were sent in Charleston Harbor yesterday morning.

In respect to the work at the mount of the Folly, my idea was simply to erect a battery of two heavy Parrott rifle guns, to afford assistant to the naval forces against any unexpected attack.

Such work would be of little or no account guns of the heaviest caliber can be spared to arm it.

I am confident of holding my position against any land force that the enemy can bring, provided I am not deprived of the assistance of the McDonough to cover my left flank.

I have the honor to be, general, yours, truly,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General, Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 25, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

Preserved of the United States:

MY DEAR SIR: I break a long silence to thank you for the comfort and hope conveyed in the speech of Adjutant-General Thomas, delivered in Louisiana on the arming of the negroes, and in the order (General Orders, Nop. 89, current series) desimissing dishonorably Lieutenant J. M. Garland, of the Forty-second New York State Volunteers, from the service, which he stood ready to betray whenever opportunity offered. Believe me that I exaggerate nothing in saying that these indications of a thoroughly victorious was policy, high all its necessary consequences, are more than sufficient to compensate for any temporalty reverses sustained in the field or on the water. They assure me that you have at length done that which it would be well the country if you had done much earlier-taken the control of affairs into your own strong, honest hands, compelling all the resources of the country ot move together to one deficit and glorious object under the guidance of a single will.

That you should long have hesitated assuming the responsibility of this step I do not wounded. Arrayed against you were all the clique prejudices of the two professions, Army and Navy; and in matters involving to so great an extent human life and the hopes of the country it was but natural that you should at first prefer trussing to those who claimed to be oracles in the science of making war. These oracles failing, however, to realize their predictions, and you having now two years;'s experience to guide the innate sagacity and learn purposes of your mind, I believe with my whole heart that you will prove your own best adviser; and hail the emphatic speech of General Thomas, made by your authority and in your name, as the first clear ray from a brighter dawn that lies before us. In the routine and details of both Army and navy technical or professional knowledge is very desirable, but it the great elements of combination and direction common sense, fearlessly applied to existing facts, will afford the safe guidance.

I have how to beg that the same powers given to General Thomas may be conferred upon me, and that i may have liberty to organize colored regiments and commission their officers, and that I may have authority to deal promptly and finally with all officers who oppose a vigorous prosecution of the war ar any of its necessary measures. You.

