
these children with impunity, when the murder cannot be proven by one of pure white blood. This is the kind of liberty-the liberty to do wrong-which Satan, chief of the fallen angels, was contending for when he was cast into hell.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 34. Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., April 27, 1863.

The following quarantine regulations for the port of Port Royal, S. C., are hereby established, to be put in operation from and after the 10th day of May, 1863.

I. Hereafter the quarantine ground will be in Saint Helena Sound, at the place designated by a white buoy and flag.

II. It shall be the duty of the master and pilot of every vessel coming into this from this date until further orders (excepting picot-boats returning from their ordinary cruising grounds) to hoist a signal for the health officer and to anchor off the inner buoy, there to remain until visited by him.

III. It shall be the duty of the health officer, without unnecessary delay, to visit vessel made liable to visitation, an ascertain her sanitary condition and the port from which she sailed, and every vessel having on board any case of yellow fever, small-pox, cholera, or other infarctions or contagious disease, and also every vessel coming from Fey West, Havana, or any other port where yellow fever may exist, he shall orders to the quarantine ground, there to remain as long as he may deem proper.

IV. No person shall be allowed to leave the vessel until she has been examined by the sheath officer, nor will any communication be had with the vessel until she has been so examined.

V. The fees of the health officer for visiting, examining, and certifying vessels arriving at this port shall be collected from all, vessels except those in Government employed or foreign vessels of war, at the following rates:

For each vessels a foreign port..........................$6 50

For all other vessels.....................................2 00

and the money thus collected will be turned over to the medical director for the use of the general hospitals in this department.

VI. These regulations will be strictly enforced by the health officer. Should there by any deviation therefore, or should any of the orders given by the health officer to such vessel not be strictly carried out, he will report the fact immediately to the medical director of this department.

VII. Surg. A. Crispell, U. S. Volunteers, is appointed health officer of this port.

VIII. Amy violation of the above regulations will cause the immediate arrest and imprisonment of the offenders.

By command of Major General D. Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Lieutenant Colonel and A. A. G., 10th A. C. and Dept. of the Sout.

29 R R-VOL XIV

