
at the point of woods about 1 3/4 miles from the north end of the island. This, together with a block-house near the north end, I think will render the island secure from an attack in the direction of Morris Island. If the island is to be abandoned within a few weeks the less material landed there the better.

Very respectfully,

J. C. DUANE,

Chief Engineer, Department of the South.

FOLLY ISLAND, April 29, 1863.

Colonel CHARLES G. HALPINE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Since writing my letter of yesterday most of my questions have been answered. I have been reconnoitering pretty carefully, and putting everything together have come to the conclusion that most of the enemy's forces have been withdrawn from Charleston. I have come to this conclusion from my not being able to perceive him in any considerable force on my flank from his defensive operations on Morris Island, and yesterday two papers were sent over, but both of a date anterior to the one I forwarded to you. I deem that he is unwilling to let us know what is transpiring. I have endeavored to obtain a late paper, and shall continue to reconnoiter. Should I obtain a paper I will forward it you.

I still am of the opinion that if we remain on the island the north end should be strongly fortified and armed. If we act on the defensive this is indispensable to the military security of the island. Should we act offensively against Morris Island it is only by overwhelming the enemy with our artillery five that we will be able to effect a landing.

Excuse the haste in which this is written.

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[APRIL 30, 1863.-For Hunter to Stanton, in reference to negro troops, see Series III.]

Abstract from Tri-monthly Report of the Department of the South, April 30, 1863.

Station.	 Commanding officer.	 Enlisted men

 	 for duty.

Folly, Island, S. C.	 Brigadier General 	 4,204

 I. Vogdes

Seabrook Island, S. C.	 Brigadier General 	 3,286

 T. G. Stevenson

Hilton Head, S. C.	 Brigadier General 	 3,428

 A. H. Terry

Beaufort, S. C.	 Brigadier General 	 3,598

 R. Saxton

Fort Pulaski, Ga.	 Colonel W. B. Barton	 835

Ossabaw Island, Ga.	 Major D. A. Allen	 403

Fernandina, Fla.	 Colonel Joseph R.	 464

 Hawley

Saint Augustine, Fla.	 Colonel H. S. Putnam	 581

Department Staff	 .....................	 29

Total	 .....................	 16,828

