
the heavier rifled ordnance (100 and 200 pounders, rifled) now at our command.

I have the honor to be, general, with the highest esteem, your very obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., April 29, 1863.

Admiral S. F. DUPONT,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, Flag-ship Wabash:

ADMIRAL: In our last interview I had the honor of submitting to you a suggestion that a joint demonstration on the Savannah River, even though merely a demonstration, would have the good effect of keeping the enemy's coast in alarm and tending to prevent any large withdrawal of his forces to re-enforce his other armies in Virginia or the West.

The opposition was that two of the iron-clads should run up the Savannah River, halting below the obstructions at a distance that would permit them to shell the enemy's floating battery Georgia, now penned in and believed to be ashore just above the obstructions, while a large number of transports, with sufficient men shown on them to create the impression that a joint attack was about being made, should be held in rear of your iron-clads.

This proposition I have now to renew, believing that it will materially help the country's arms in other directions by keeping many thousands of the enemy on the alert at Savannah and its surrounding defenses.

I have the honor to be, admiral, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

WABASH, April 29, 1863.

Major-General HUNTER, Hilton Head:

GENERAL: I will be better able to reply to your official letter to-morrow when I hear from Edisto.

It strikes me favorably with one exception, that we can do nothing with the Georgia, I fear, and thus reduce further the moral effect of the monitors-I mean on account of the distance she will have to be engaged at.

I will hurry still more the repairs on the Weehawken, the only iron-clad here, and can send to Edisto for another. The Passaic goes North from there to-day under a peremptory order from the Navy Department.

Captain Rodgers has gone to Edisto and off Charleston to see how things are at Morris Island, and I will let you know the result of his visit to-morrow.

I am, general, yours, most truly,

S. F. DUPONT.

