
as this showing many more victims to the neglect of sanitary precautions than to the skill, endurance, or courage of the enemy.

The following rules for the sanitary government of all the troops at present serving in this department are hereby repromulgated, and all officers having the charge of camps or posts will be held to a strict responsibility for their enforcement.

II. Care will be taken in the selection of camping grounds to avoid as much as possible the vicinity of malarious morasses or swamps, and the tents, in so far as practicable, are to be faced to the south. Each camp will be thoroughly policed twice each day, morning and evening, and all garbage or refuse matter will be collected and hurried in the sinks. Post and regimental commanders will be held directly responsible for any neglect of police duty.

III. Each tent will be screened or covered at the top and half way down the sides with an arbor of brush-wood or palm leaves, and shall be floored at an elevation of not less than 3 inches from the ground. Where lumber cannot be procured each soldier will have a bunk raised 18 inches from the ground on side poles, supported by forked sticks. All quartermaster, to the extent of their ability, will furnish barrel staves to be placed across these side poles, and will issue the necessary lumber on receipt of proper requisitions.

IV. Tents will be struck at least three times each week and every article of bedding and clothing taken out and aired, the flooring and bunks to be thoroughly cleansed before the tents are re-erected. On the days in which the tents are not struck the sides will be raised and kept raised for the purpose of ventilation, and during the nights free ventilation will be secured by having the center seam in rear of the tents opened for the space of 2 feet and kept opened by the insertion of a forked stick. An officer of each company will inspect the tents of him men nightly, except during stormy weather, to see that this provision is carried out.

V. Sinks of the proper size, screened with pine or palmetto branches, shall be sunk at suitable distances on different sides of each camp, and the bottoms of these will be covered each morning with a layer of sand or clay. It will be the duty of the camp police to see that only the sinks on the lee side of the camp are used.

VI. Fresh meat is to be issue as often as practicable, and commanding officers, while near the sea-coast, will encourage such of their men as are off duty or not otherwise employed to fish during the cool hours of the morning and evening, not later than 9 in the morning and not earlier than 6 in the evening. In a scarcity of fresh meat those troops in the most exposed and unhealthy situations are to be first served.

VII. Breakfast will be ready for the men as soon as they leave their tents, which must not be until after sunrise. Except when immediately in face of the enemy, or when specially ordered by the commanding officer, reveille will not be sounded until half an hour after sunrise, by which time the sun's heat will have absorbed the miasma of the night dew. All the men will be furnished with straw hats, and will be required to bathe or wash themselves thoroughly at least twice each week and change their under-clothing once a week, or oftener if practicable. Sentry-boxes of lumber, or small shade arbors of brush-wood, will be erected in the vicinity of all points where sentries are stationed, and all soldiers on night picket or sentry duty will be provided with India-rubber ponchos.

VIII. The proper cooking of provisions in a matter of great importance, more especially in this climate, but has not yet received from a

