
majority of the officers in our volunteers service that attention which is paid to it in the Regular of the United States and by the armies of Europe. Hereafter an officer of each company will be detailed to superintend the cooking of provisions, taking care that all food prepared for the soldiers is sufficiently cooked, and that the meats are boiled or roasted, not fried. With a little care bestowed on this point, and the advantage both to health and comfort of good cooking explained to the men, much good may be effected.

Post and regimental commanders, post provost-marshals, post inspectors, and the officers of the medical staff will see that the provisions of this order are complied with, and will promptly report any failure or neglect to the senior officers of the commands they are serving with and to the medical director of this department.

By command of Major General D. Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Lieutenant Colonel and A. A. G., Tenth Army Corps and Dept. of the South.

NEW YORK, May 23, 1863.

General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff to the General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: It has come to my knowledge that my name has been mentioned to the Secretary of War in connection with the reduction of the forts in Charleston Harbor, and it has been urgently suggested to place me in a position where I could direct and control the operations of the land forces against that place. Two or three communications from prominent men here have been sent to the Secretary.

It is not necessary to inform you, whom are so well acquainted with me, that I am not in the habit of pushing myself forward or thrusting my professional opinion marked unasked upon the notice of those in authority. In my daily intercourse with gentlemen of my acquaintance I am, however, always free to answer questions, and I have at sundry times and in sundry places expressed the opinion that the forts in Charleston Harbor could be reduced by the means (naval and military combined) now available in the Department of the South, increased by a suitable number of the best heavy rifled guns, provided these have not been sent there since I left that department one year ago.

I have also said that I am willing to risk my own reputation upon the attempt, as I did at Pulaski, provided I could be allowed the untrammeled execution of my own plans (as at Pulaski), except so far as they involved co-operation from the Navy.

You are at liberty to show this letter to the general-in-chief or any one else.

I expect to remain here until the evening of the 27th instant, and then go directly to Cincinnati.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, No. 41. Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., May 26, 1863.

I. Numerous persons having recently been brought in United States transports to this department, without any apparent or legitimate business

