
that Admiral DuPont be advised to co-operate in such preliminary operations as it may be necessary to inaugurate in order to secure that end.

Admirals Foote and Dahlgren coincide with me in this view of the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General.

NEW YORK, June 5, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I arrived here yesterday morning, and learned during the day from the quartermaster that the Arago would sail to-day. As I had to look after some important matters, I arranged to have another steamer belonging to Port Royal (the Ben De Ford) start on Monday morning, and my present plan is to go in that way.

I ask authority to purchase 2 scows, 5 or 6 telescopic rifles, and 4 of David Smith's batteries of small rifles, comprising 25 rifle barrels, arranged to be fired simultaneously. I am acquainted with this piece, and it is now in service in the Department of the Gulf. It is strongly recommended by Colonel Delafield and other good judges. Orders to the proper departments to pay for these articles should be given. I saw Admiral Foote yesterday. He does not expect to start South for fifteen or twenty days. Instructions should be obtained from the Navy Department to Admiral DuPont to co-operate zealously in any initiatory steps which may be advisedly taken to obtain a lodgment on Morris Island before its defenses are completed. It would be well I think that I should be the bearer, of these instructions myself.

Admirals Foote and Dahlgren coincide with my views on this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., June 8, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication dated June 3, 1863, sent through the senior naval officer U. S. forces off Charleston and signed by you in the temporary absence of General Beauregard, I have the honor to state-

That no individious distinction, as you seem to suppose, was intended to be made between the class of officers instructed to receive flags of truce from you and those sent by me with flags of truce to your lines.

The Government of the United Stated recognize no difference between officers mustered into her service and fighting under her flag. All are equally competent to be intrusted with the duties of their respective positions, and all are accorded equal protection and rights.

It is the invariable practice of all armies for the senior officer on outpost duty to receive flags of truce sent to that of the lines

30 R R-VOL XIV

