
EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, June 30, 1863.

Major-General HUNTER:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have just received your letter of the 25th of June.

I assure you, and you may feel authorized in stating, that the recent change of commanders in the Department of the South was made for no reasons which convey any imputation upon your known energy, efficiency, and patriotism; but for causes which seemed sufficient, while they were in no degree incompatible with the respect and esteem in which I have always held you as a man and an officer.

I cannot, by giving my consent to a publication of whose details I know nothing, assume the responsibility of whatever you may write. In this matter your own sense of military propriety, must be your guide and the regulations of the service your rule of conduct.

I am, very truly, your friend,

A. LINCOLN.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Pocotaligo, April 11, 1862.

General N. G. EVANS,

Commanding Third Military District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say to you that he desires you to look rather to the approach of the enemy by the Willstown road than to the holding of the point of your line. You will therefore make such disposition of the troops of your district as will enable you to concentrate toward Rantowles Bridge to resist the enemy should he approach in that direction. The general also suggests the immediate withdrawal of all batteries not absolutely necessary to the protection of Charleston.

We need all the guns we can obtain for the defense of our extensive interior lines of entrenchments.

Two regiments have been ordered to Tennessee from General Ripley's command and two from the Fifth Military District. It becomes therefore more necessary for you to have your forces in hand and aid General Ripley if called upon.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT SOUTH CAROLINA,Adams Run, S. C., April 12, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding Dept. of S. C., Ga., and Fla., Pocotaligo, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your official letter of the 11th instant relative to the concentration of the forces of this military district, removal of batteries, &c. I have contemplated for some weeks to concentrate all my forces on the main-land near this place, leaving the forces now on the Wadmalaw River in their present position, but on account of the demonstration on Edisto Island I have expected an attack on Slann's Island.

