
be spared to secure them. The bill now before Congress, and which it is hoped will pass, requiring that all the male population between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five be made subject to military duty, by draft or conscription, will have a very material effect in promoting re-enlistments, and will prevent the disorganization of the troops in your department whose terms are about expire. As regards the railroads connection in Augusta, he was in hopes that the matter had been arranged before this between the railroad officials and the civil authorities. He agrees with you as to its importance, and before leaving Savannah had corresponded both with Governor Brown and Mr. Willis, the superintendent of the Augusta and Savannah Railroad, and at that time there seemed to be no impediment to the immediate prosecution of the work.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Savannah, April 14, 1862.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Commanding District of Georgia:

GENERAL: The more consideration I give to the subject the more dissatisfied I am with the present condition of the mud batteries near Fort Jackson . I think most important that additional strength be given them at once. I have already mentioned sand as one means; if it cannot be had in quantities sufficient, bales of cotton very closely pressed, or rice straw made as compact as possible, and in either case bound with iron hoops, might perhaps serve a good purpose. Straw and cotton bales thus arranged on the exterior of the present parapets and covered with the same earth of which the present parapets are composed would certainly give strength, the principal objection being that either of these substances might be set on fire by the enemy's shells and our view of the attacking vessels be occurred, whilst it would not interfere with their aim. I desire you to consult with persons practically acquainted with the relative advantages of the straw and cotton as resisting mediums, and if necessary to test it with shell, which may be done with small charges and short ranges.

Let me hear from you on this subject as soon as possible.

I am, &amp;c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST AND MIDDLE FLORIDA,Tallahassee, Fla., April 15, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to the general commanding the department that the First Regiment Florida Volunteer Cavalry has not yet started for Tennessee, and inclose herewith report of Colonel Davis as to condition of horses, &c.

I also inclose the order of Brigadier General J. H. Trapier delaying the removal of this regiment for reasons specified in the order.*

I respectfully ask for instructions on the subject of the removal of this regiment to Tennessee. I was ordered to take command of this

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

