
district on the 1st instant, and am not responsible for the non-removal of Colonel Davis' regiment of cavalry. Will the general commanding be pleased to instruct me on this subject at his earliest convenience?

I have the honor to subscribe myself, your obedient servant,

W. S. DILWORTH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain T. A. WASHINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Pocotaligo, S. C.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP LANGFORD, FLA., April 8, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Soon after my arrival at this post I caused an examination to be made of the condition of the horses of the First Regiment Florida Cavalry, with a view to ascertain their fitness to be marched to Tennessee. I regret to say that owing to hard service, want of all food for days at a time, and an entire absence of long for nearly two months, all the horses, with a few exceptions, are so much reduced as to be entirely unfit for any service which would require that they should be used continually for three days. I can use them for scouting within a distance of 40 or 50 miles when they are not ridden more than 20 or 30 miles in a day and often rested. Many of them could not do any duty, they are so much reduced. There are at least 200 that ought to be condemned or put in some wild pasture. I think if two-thirds were sent to Paine's Prairie and put to pasture the other third would be fit for such service as would be required of them here. The placing of the broken-down horses in pasture would in six weeks put them all in good condition that are capable of being made serviceable. A number of the horses have died; some have been abandoned on the various marches.

From this statement the colonel will perceive that the regiment is entirely unfit to proceed to Tennessee as a cavalry corps. If the Government will mount it in Tennessee the men are well instructed and could render service. The horses as they are would not be worth what it would cost the Government to feed them on the road and the pay allowed for their use.

As we have a complete new cavalry equipment, and have good men, who have learned the drill, it would be a matter of regret that the regiment should not be employed as cavalry. I am using about 250 men as scouts, who are mounted on the best horses. You are aware that there are 250 horses at Camp Mary Davis, belonging to three companies now on duty here, dismounted. These horses are all in good order and capable of any service. Two hundred of the horses here could be put in good condition if not used for one month, and would be fit for service in Tennessee. If we condemned all the rest we should lack to mount the command about 400 horses. The dismissal of the horses would be a great hardship upon the men, unless compensation was made by the Government. They have been rendered unserviceable by reason of the inability of the Government to furnish forage and by exposure to the weather. The officers have become security for the men two bought the horses on credit, and pay now due would not indemnify them. I do not therefore recommend the condemnation of the horses unless some compensation is made the men.

I have the honor to request that the colonel commanding will make such communication on the subject to the Department as he may deem proper, that I may receive instructions.

I have the honor, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

W. G. M. DAVIS.

