
known to you, the organization of companies into regiments for the war has been delayed. But a in few days three full infantry regiments for the war will be complete, independent of the four cavalry companies called for by General Lee, and two artillery companies mustered in for the war, the one at the arsenal near Chattanoochee, commanded by Captain Dunham, 150 men, six guns, and the other by Captain R. H. Gamble, near this place, about 90 men and four guns. The Third Regiment, commanded by Colonel W. S. Dilworth, an intelligent and efficient officer (the officer under whose directions the batteries which commanded the praise of Commodore DuPont at Fernandina), is an efficient regiment and well armed, and, together with Captains Dunham's artillery, can render efficient service, and will promptly obey orders to report to General Beauregard or to any other officer in command at any place where you may desire them to be ordered. Would they not be valuable at Pensacola?

If the cavalry regiment commanded by Colonel Davis has been mustered into service only for twelve months, and I am informed such is the fact, since the abandonment of the coast defense, the regiment can render very efficient service in the State, and I think it may be best to remain in the State, as nearly half the time for which they were mustered in has elapsed; but upon this subject I have no choice. One or two infantry regiments from the State would perhaps render more efficient service at less expense and could be more promptly transported under active service, if necessary. But I confess the suggestions which I have heretofore made have claimed such slight consideration with the War Department that it is with diffidence I express an opinion, although events have proved the correctness of opinions expressed and disregarded. A month ago I endeavored to impress the mind of the President and the General Assembly of the State with the fact that in portion of the State there were traitors at heart who only waited the opportunity to rally under the protection of the United States flag. It brought down upon me a torrent of abuse from the press of the State from those who sympathized with traitors. But my judgment has proved to have been correct, and I presume there are but few reliable men of intelligence in the State who do not accord to me some little foresight and now cordially support my administration, unless restrained by a species of self-esteem that I cannot appreciate. I have just been informed by Judge Walker that Davis' regiment has been registered in the War Department as having been mustered in for the war instead of twelve months. Be pleased to inform me if such is the fact.

The Third Regiment, commanded by Colonel W. S. Dilworth, has been well drilled, and I have requested him to correspond with you as to a proper field for its action and that of other infantry regiments in the State.

I have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully,

JOHN MILTON.

P. S.-Colonel Dilworth and several officers of his regiment have requested me to ask of you and General Lee to have them ordered to report to General Beauregard or some other officer, where they can engage the enemy. I will write to General Lee by to-morrow's mail. The case of arms, &amp;c., which was landed at Smyrna, will appear by the report of Colonel Simpkins to be less than it has been represented, and in his opinion efficient measures have been adopted to reclaim the property. I am informed there are 50,000 bales of cotton at Columbus, Ga.; 20,000 at Eufuala; 10,000 on the bank of the river below there.

