SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA. No. 23. Pocotaligo, April 15, 1862.

* * * * *

VI. Brigadier General S. R. Gist will be assigned to duty in the Second Military District, and will report to Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, commanding.

By order of Major-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,

Savannah, April 18, 1862.

Honorable JAMES CHESNUT, JR.,

Chief Military Department, Columbia, S. C.:

SIR: On the morning of the 16th instant, when on the point of starting for Morris Island, Charleston Harbor, I had the honor to receive your communication, requesting, in the name of the Governor and Executive Council, that I would permit the cavalry force, Ward's field battery, and Graham's battalion of infantry to remain for the present in the vicinity of Georgetown. Brigadier-General Gist did me the kindness to reply in part to your inquires at my request. For the present I propose to bring in for the protection of Charleston only Lieutenant-Colonel Nesbit's battalion. How long I may be able to continue Ward's battery and Graham's battalion on their present service it is impossible for me now to say. I will do so, however, until in my judgment the exigencies of the service require their removal. The cavalry corps I hope to be able to leave where it is; at all events, I do not design any change. It is not in my power, and I regret that it is not, to place these troops under the direct command of any but Confederate officers. I have no doubt, however, that Colonel Graham, so long as he shall remain in the neighborhood of Georgetown, will be pleased to act in concert with General Harllee.

I am, &amp;c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Savannah, April 18, 1862.

Major A. L. LONG,

Chief of Ordnance and Artillery:

MAJOR: I wish a battery for not less than four guns constructed immediately on the bluff near the city gas-works. I place the work under your charge. You will call upon Brigadier-General Lawton for a detail of not less than 250 men from the troops of his command and the necessary tools. I desire that to time be lost, and that for the present you give all your attention to this work.

I am, &c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

