
AUGUSTA, GA., April 19, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON:

SIR: I take the liberty to inclose an application from several of our prominent citizens on which we desire immediate action. It has not been deemed expedient to seek more signatires, though we have no doubt that the great body of our people would join in it.

It is addressed directly to the head of the Government, but we place it in your hands as the chief military commander in this quarter for your approval, with a request that you forward it, indorsed by yourself, forthwith to Richmond, and should you deem it proper to make the desired detail on your own authority we would suggest the sooner it is done the better.

Respectfully, yours,

THOMAS S. METCALF.

P. S.-I also inclose the official action of our city authorities.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Pocotaligo, April 24, 1862.

This letter, addressed to myself by a prominent citizen of Augusta, Ga., together with a copy of a resolution of the city council requesting the mayor to apply to the proper authorities to have martial law proclaimed in said city, accompanied the inclosed letter from the mayor to His Excellency the President of the Confederate States.

In transmitting these papers I beg leave to add that in a telegraphic dispatch of the 12th instant I had the honor to suggest to General R. E. Lee, commanding, the propriety of declaring martial law in the cities of Savannah and Augusta.

In the present disorganized condition of the State troops in Savannah it is almost a necessity, and I have no doubt would be of great benefit to Augusta also.

General Gardner, though still suffering from the effect of his wound, would probably be able to attend to such duties as might devolve upon him.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

APRIL 28, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

Brigadier General [W.] Montgomery Gardner, who is still suffering from wounds received at battle of Manassas, is in Augusta, and would doubtless be competent to the discharge of duties herein referred to.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosures.]

AUGUSTA, GA., April 19, 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

RESPECTED SIR: We beg leave to call your attention to the necessity of having a military commandant at this point, with such power as will enable him to require all able-bodied men to enroll in such organization as will make them efficient for the defense of our country; to

