
suppress to sale of liquor, and to do all other things necessary for the good order and welfare of our community and country. This matter we most earnestly urge upon your early attention, and if allowable we would suggest the name of General W. Montgomery Gardner as an acceptable commander for this post.

Respectfully,

ROBT. H. MAY,

Mayor City of Augusta [and others].

At a meeting of the city council of Augusta, held April 15, Mr. Plumb offered the following resolution:

Resolved, That his honor the mayor be requested to apply to the proper authorities to have the city of Augusta placed under martial law.

The above is a true extract of the minutes of council.

A. B. CRUMP,

Deputy Clerk Council.

SAVANNAH, GA., April 19, 1862-8.40 p.m.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY:

Is General Evans attacked or attacking? If attacked, let what re-enforcements you can send be ready to support him toward Rantowles. I will direct two regiments to be ready to assist him from General Gregg's command. Answer. Keep your telegraph office men .

J. C. PEMBERTON.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Pocotaligo, S. C., April 19, 1862.

Brigadier General MAXCY GREGG,

Commanding Fourth and Fifth Military Districts:

GENERAL: In consequence of recent demonstrations on the part of the enemy in the Third Military District I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that you will hold at least two regiments of infantry in hand to move to the support of Brigadier-General Evans at the shortest notice if required. The train will be at Pocotaligo Station to furnish the necessary transportation if required.

I am, &amp;c.,

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAVANNAH, April 20, 1862-8.40 p.m.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Commanding District of Georgia:

GENERAL: The Governor of the State of Georgia having authorized the use of the State arms turned in and about to be turned in by the State troops going out of the service to be issued to Confederate troops on the coast of Georgia on condition that they will not be taken out

