
of the State, you will take possession of these arms at once and have them issued on the terms named by the Government, and not permit them to leave the city of Savannah.

I am, &amp;c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 20, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding Department, Pocotaligo, S. C.:

GENERAL: I regret very much to be obliged to reduce the force in your department, and would rather increase it if possible. But from present appearance it will be necessary to collect additional troops to oppose the advance of the enemy, who has now reached the Rappahannock, and may move upon Richmond from that direction as well as from the coast, where he is assembling large bodies of troops, and I fear therefore to be obliged to draw further detachments from your department, and desire you to consider where they can best be spared, and to make every exertion to arm the new regiments still remaining in Georgia and South Carolina. I have no arms to send from here but pikes, which you might place in the hands of the men at the batteries, and give their guns to the troops in the field. By a proper distribution, of guns and pikes in this way the troops that are now unarmed might become effective. Can you not send on a good brigade for operations on the Rappahannock?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 21, 1862.

Governor FRANCIS W. PICKENS,

Columbia, S. C.:

The rapid accumulation of enemy's forces on the northeast of Richmond requires the transfer of troops from places of greater strength or of less immediate danger . If General Lee draws on General Pemberton for a brigade to defend Richmond can you send fresh troops to your coast to replace it?

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., April 21, 1862.

Major-General PEMBERTON:

A good brigade necessary for the defense of Richmond. Send one as soon as possible. Enemy preparing to advance from Fredericksburg.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Pocotaligo, April 21, 1862.

Brigadier General MAXCY GREGG,

Commanding Fourth and Fifth Military District:

GENERAL: I see no probability of obtaining Enfield rifles to arm the

