
flank companies of other regiments, unless they are taken from the center companies of the three Georgia regiments now stationed within the Fourth and Fifth Military District South Carolina. You are desired, therefore, to take measures to replace, by good, serviceable, smoothbored muskets from the Twelfth and Thirteenth Regiments South Carolina Volunteers the number of Enfield rifles now in the hands of the two center companies of Colonels Colquitt and Gibson respectively, and to transfer them (the rifles) to the flank companies of the Twelfth and Thirteenth South Carolina Volunteers, accouterments of the respective arms to be transferred with them. Further changes of the same kind will probably become necessary.

Colonel Edwards has as little cause of complaint as any regimental commander I know of. Not less than 5,000 men in Confederate service and for the war are without arms within the limits of this department. The number is of course daily increasing. It is not in the power of the Government to supply them at this time.

I am, &amp;c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA., No. 27. Pocotaligo, April 22, 1862.

I. Brigadier General Maxcy Gregg will hold himself in readiness to move immediately, with Thirteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Edwards; Twelfth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Dunovant, and the Fifty-first Regiment Georgia Volunteers, Colonel Slaughter, to Richmond, Va.

* * * * * *

II. That portion of Special Orders, No. 27, referring to moving of Fifty-first Regiment Georgia Volunteers, Colonel Slaughter, is countermanded; in place of which regiment Brigadier-General Gregg will move the Fourteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Jones. The Thirteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Edwards, will take the cars at Green Pond.

III. The German Light Artillery, now with the Thirteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Edwards, will take post with [Captain W. D.] Leake's battery near Pocotaligo.

IV. Colonel Colquitt, Forty-sixth Regiment Georgia Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the Fourth and Fifth Military Districts, South Carolina.

By order of Major-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, April 22, 1862.

Major-General PEMBERTON:

Governor Pickens recommends Gregg's brigade to be sent here under my call of yesterday.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE.

31 R R-VOL XIV

