HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 25, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida, Tallahassee:

Your letter of the 17th instant is received.* I regret that you should feel any disappointment that the President did not adopt your recommendation in the selection of a brigadier-general to command in Florida. You will perceive from my former letter that before your recommendation was received the subject had already engaged the attention of the President and of gentlemen whose keep interest in the cause is well known and whose acquaintance with the condition of affairs in Florida naturally gave great weight to their counsel. I am sure Your Excellency need not be told that in continuing to act under their advice the President did not forget the consideration due to your recommendation, and while he was guided in making the appointment by the advice of those with whom he was already consulting he did not doubt nor does he now question that the interest felt by all concerned in the subject would secure the attainment of the great object, the advancement of our common cause. Your Excellency assurance of your readiness to co-operate fully with General Finegan only what the President expected from your known attachment to the country and disinterested devotion to the cause, and with your aid the President sincerely hopes that a result will be attained which will satisfy you that the promotion of the interests of the country was the controlling motive of those with whom he counselled, as he is persuaded that it is your own. With reference to the proclamation of martial law in the counties designated General Floyd, the President desires me to say that he does not think the facts stated would justify him in exercising the power. He hopes that the civil authorities, aided by the military, which can always be used for that purpose, will prove sufficient for the emergency. If Your Excellency possesses the power under the laws of Florida to proclaim martial law you will of course judge of the necessity of such a measure for yourself.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, April 27, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have established the headquarters of this department for the present at Charleston, S. C.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, April 28, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I desire to bring to the consideration of the War Department

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

