
the importance of connecting through Savannah the Albany, Gult and Georgia Central Railroad.

The rolling stock of the Albany and Gulf road is considerable, including some ten locomotives. Should the enemy ever succeed against Savannah all this stock must be lost want of this connection, not exceeding three-fourths of a mile.

I have endeavored to impress upon the officers of the company the risk they run in neglecting to have this work done. They still decline, however, to undertake it at the cost of the company entirely, but are willing to bear one-half the expenses. This road is doing very little business, and might readily spare some of its rolling stock to other roads not so well supplied. If the war continues we shall need every locomotive in the Confederacy. It seems to me therefore good policy to expend a sum not exceeding $6,000 to secure so important an object.

I am, &amp;c.,

J. P. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, April 28, 1862.

Captain W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of General R. E. Lee's letter of the 25th instant in relation to the transfer of Brigadier General R. S. Ripley from this department for service in Virginia. General Ripley has made an official application to be relieved from duty here for service in the field. The application was forwarded through this office some days since with my indorsement. I do not think General Ripley can be spared at this time. His knowledge of everything connected with Charleston and its defenses is of great value. I know of no one now within the department who can replace him. This command has been si much reduced, and is in many regiments so badly and insufficient armed, that I trust at least a portion of those just received by the Cecile may be placed in the hands of these troops. At least 5,000 stand are needed to completely equip the different regiments. In addition to the unarmed troops reported by telegraph on the 26th instant there is a battalion of infantry and a company of artillery at Griffin of the last levies of Georgia troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 29, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN,

Commanding Department, Tallahassee, Fla.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th instant;* also one of same date to General Cooper, which has been referred to him, and to say in reply to the former that the arms recently landed at Smyrna have already been distributed.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

