
any object likely to be attained that the enemy will invade Florida in force, it is thought advisable that our people be prepared for any emergency that may occur.

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Middle and East Florida.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., No. 33. ADJT AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE Richmond, Va., May 1, 1862.

1. The following proclamation is published for the information of all concerned:

PROCLAMATION.

By virtue of the power vested in me by law to declare the suspension of the privilege of the writ habeas corps:

I, Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America, do proclaim that martial law is hereby extended over that part part of the State of South Carolina from the Santee River to the South Edisto River, in that State, under the command of Major-General Pemberton; and I do proclaim the suspension of all civil jurisdiction (with the exception of that enabling the courts to take cognizance of the probate of wills, the administration of the estates of deceased persons, the qualification of guardians, to enter decrees and orders for the partition and sale of property, to make orders concerning roads and bridges, to asses county levies, and to order the payment of county dues), and the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus in the country aforesaid.

In faith whereof I have hereunto signed my name and set my seal this first day of May, in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

II. Major General J. C. Pemberton, commanding the Department of South Carolina and Georgia, is charged with the due execution of the foregoing proclamation. He will forthwith establish an efficient military police and will enforce the following orders:

All distillation of spirituous liquors is positively prohibited, and the distilleries will forthwith be closed. The sale of spirituous liquors of any kind is also prohibited and establishments for the sale thereof will be closed.

III. All persons infringing the above prohibition will suffer such punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial; provided that no sentence to hard labor for more than one month shall be inflicted by the sentence of a regimental court-martial, as directed by the 67th article of war.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 2, 1862.

General PEMBERTON:

DEAR SIR: As it is reported that martial law will likely be proclaimed over the city I desire most respectfully to call your attention to an important matter touching the quiet and loyalty of our colored population. There are of this class in the city about 20,000, of whom 10,000 are members of the church, 6,000 being in communion with the Methodist denomination alone. This accounts for the unprecedented quiet, good behavior, and loyalty which have hitherto characterized this numerous class of domestics. From a pastorate of more than six years in this

