
Now know ye that, I Francis W. Pickens, Governor and commander-in-chief in and over the State of South Carolina, together with the Executive Council, in the exercise of the join authority thus given, do hereby proclaim that from and after the 5th day of May instant, until further orders, martial law is hereby established and proclaimed in and over the city of Charleston, and 10 miles on all sides beyond the corporate limits thereof, and over the islands adjacent thereto, and full power and authority are vested in the Confederate general commanding in South Carolina to enforce the same; and it is further ordered by and under the authority vested in the Governor and Executive Council, and I do hereby establish and proclaim that from and after the 3rd May instant the Confederate general commanding in South Carolina shall be, and haw is hereby, vested with power and authority within the country south of the Santee River, including the parishes of Saint James Santee, Saint Stephen's, Saint John's Berkeley, Saint Thomas and Saint Dennis, Christ Church, Saint Andrew's, Saint George's Dorchester, Saint James Goose Creek, Saint Paul's, Saint John's Collecton, Saint Bartholomew, Prince William's, Saint Luke's, and Saint Peter's to the Savannah River, to impress labor of all kinds for public works and defense in a manner as full and unlimited as if martial law were established and proclaimed.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed the great seal of the State at Columbia this the first day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two.

F. W. PICKENS.

Official copy:

F. J. MOSES, JR.,

Private Secretary.

Now, therefore, I, John C. Pemberton, major-general commanding the Department of South Carolina and Georgia and the forces therein, do, by direction of the President of the Confederate States, sustain the said proclamation, and announce the suspension of all civil jurisdiction (with the exception of that enabling the courts to take cognizance of the probate of wills, the administration of the estates of deceased persons, the qualification of guardians, to enter decrees and orders for the partition and sale of property, to make orders concerning roads and bridges, to assess county levies, to order the payment of county dues) and the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus in and the city of Charleston, and 10 miles on all sides beyond the corporate limits thereof, and over the islands adjacent thereto.

II. Colonel Johnson Hagood, First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, is appointed provost-marshal, and is, under the direction of Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, commanding Second Military District, charged with the due execution of the foregoing proclamation and order. He will forthwith establish an efficient military police, and will enforce the following orders:

All distillation of spirituous liqueurs is positively prohibited, and the distilleries with forthwith be closed. The sale of spirituous liquors of any kind is also prohibited and establishment for the sale thereof will be closed.

III. All persons infringing the above prohibition will safer such punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial; provided, that no sentence to hard labor for more than one month shall be inflicted by the sentence of a regimental court-martial, as directed by the 67th article of war.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

MILLEDGEVILLE, GA., May 6, 1862.

General R. E. LEE:

If the authorities of Augusta and Savannah desire martial law and General Pemberton thinks it a military necessity I have no objection.

JOS. E. BROWN.

