SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA., No. 40. Charleston, May 6, 1862.

I. Colonel William S. Walker, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, is relieved from duty as acting inspector of this department, and is assigned to the command of the Fourth and Fifth Military Districts of South Carolina, embracing all that country between the Ashepoo River on the one side and Oketie Creek on the other.

* * * * *

By order of Major-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd MIL. DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, No. 324. Charleston, May 6, 1862.

As soon as the batteries at Cole's Island can be dismantled the following disposition will be made of the guns: One 10-inch columbiad, one 8-inch columbiad, three 42s, two smooth-bore 32s, and one rifled 32-pounder will be sent to the new fortifications at Elliott's Cut, to be under charge of Major Lucas' one 10-inch columbiad and two navy 32s will be sent to Charleston to the ordnance officer at headquarters Second Military District; the remaining guns, including all on siege carriages, will be sent to Minott's Bluff, to be located on the lines east of James Island Creek, to be turned over to Major E. B. White.

* * * * *

III. Major E. B. White will, as soon as the works are in readiness, place the siege guns in position on the lines west of James Island Creek. He will consult with Captain Gregoric, engineer in charge.

* * * * *

V. Under instructions which will be given by Brigadier-General Gist, a detachment from Major T. G. Lamar's battalion will move and take charge of the mounting and equipment of the guns on the lines east of James Island Creek, consulting Captain Gregoric, engineer in charge, as to the readiness of the fortifications to receive them.

VI. The guns now in position at Battery Island will as soon as practicable be transferred to the lines east of James Island Creek, and placed in position as directed in paragraph 5.

* * * *

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., May 7, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding Dept. of South Carolina, Georgia, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I send to you, by the Honorable Alfred Iverson, a communication addressed by the mayor of Columbus, Ga., in reference to the defense of the Chattahoochee River, and commend it to your consideration. Mr. Iverson, being well acquainted, with the locality, may be able to render you some assistance, especially in procuring labor.

You will have a reconnaissance of the river made by a competent

