
engineer, and cause it to be obstructed at the most suitable point for locating and defending the obstruction.

The introduction of small iron-clad steamers into the coast operations of the enemy renders it necessary to change our plans of river defenses, and to rely upon obstructions more than we have heretofore.

For the reasons assigned in the letter of the mayor no time should be lost in completing the necessary obstructions and batteries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF MIDDLE AND EAST FLORIDA,Tallahassee, May 7, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

SIR: Under authority heretofore issued by the Secretary of War for raising companies, battalions, and regiments for the war several companies of cavalry have applied to be mustered into service. When these additional companies are mustered I will have nine companies of cavalry. Two or three of the nine companies are unarmed, and about one full regiment of infantry is unarmed. As soon as the monthly returns are received from the distant posts I will make out a return of the strength of this command.

I have the honor to inclose an appeal to the people of Florida for arms.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES,DEPARTMENT OF EAST AND MIDDLE-FLORIDA,

Tallahassee, May 6, 1862.

To the People of Florida:

The commanding general of this department is constrained by the great necessities of the public service to appeal to you for the surrender of a sufficient number of your private arms to furnish one or two of your own regiments now organized and ready for service. Shot-guns, double and single barreled, rifles, and muskets can be rendered available, and will be received appraised, and receipted for by any Confederate, officer in the State, and paid for by the Government. Citizens having in their possession or knowing of the possession by others of any of the arms, accouterments or Government stores landed at New Smyrna are requested to deliver them to some Confederate officer or to give such information as will secure them to the Government.

The preservation of all which is valuable to you now demands your unwearied devotion to the public interests. The battles on which your rights and liberties depend are to be fought by armed men, and your Government now earnestly exhorts you to place the arms which you have hitherto kept for your own convenience in the hands of our brave soldiers who are destined to meet your enemies on the field of battle.

