
Unless you make a generous response of this appeal regiments which might otherwise turn defeat into victory will be compelled to remain unarmed and idle spectators of bloody fields, where your sons and brothers may be perishing for need of their assistance.

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, May 8, 1862.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding Second Military District:

GENERAL: It has always been my intention, and I have so informed you in conversation, to occupy Cole's Island, after the removal of the guns to Elliott's Cut, with a regiment of infantry or with as many companies as can be convenient located in the quarters now standing. My reasons for so determine were given in these conversation, and were, first, the healthfulness of the position; second, the facilities afforded by a good road to reach the line of entrenchments, skirmishing if necessary while falling back to their cover; no tents for any purpose nor on any pretense to be kept on the island; the troops to be always ready to move at a moment's notice; no baggage beyond the minimum allowance of the regulations for field service to officers or men.

Cole's Island is regarded as an advanced post, and being without artillery, the officer in command is not of course expected to defend it against gunboats. It should, however, be defended against parties of the enemy in small boats, unless the proximity of his gunboats should endanger the safety of the troops, in which event (and this must be left to the discretion of the officer in command) they will be immediately withdrawn from the island. With proper vigilance on the part of officers and men there is no reason to apprehend a surprise. I repeat that it is not expected that the island will be defended against gunboats. The troops may be withdrawn, and all baggage, with the wagons, sent off on the first indication of an intention of the enemy to approach.

Not more than three days' subsistence should be kept on hand. You can of course retain the same corps permanently on the island or relieve it at your discretion by another at such intervals as you may deem proper.

I have been thus particular in my instructions because you have suggested that they be given.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, May 8, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Richmond, Va.:

The mayor and aldermen of Savannah do not wish martial law proclaimed. I think it should be.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

