HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, May 8, 1862.

W. J. MAGRATH,

President Charleston and Savannah Railroad:

DEAR SIR: In reply to your communication of the 6th instant* I have the honor to state that in my opinion the business of the road should as far as practicable be not interrupted during the coming summer. It is true there will be comparatively little to be done in the way of transporting troops or Government supplies; still emergencies may arise which would make it necessary to forward troops from either city to the support of the other or for the protection of intermediate points on the road. My own duties will frequently require my presence in Savannah, and perhaps at times when I may not be able to avail myself of the regular this will require a special train. I think therefore that unless the road or this city is immediately threatened it would be better to continue its business as heretofore.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 8, 1862.

SPECIAL ORDERS,No. 335.

I. The channels of approach to the city of Charleston will be obstructed to prevent the passage of vessels of the enemy as speedily and effectually as possible.

II. Captain Francis D. Lee, engineer, is charged with a general supervision of the work, and especially with the construction and location of piers and sunken obstructions.

III. John R. Cheves, esq., is charged with supervision of the chain and boom obstruction, as well as the submarine batteries in connection therewith.

IV. Francis J. Porcher, esq., will take the superintendence of procuring labor, tools, material, and arranging matters, in connection with parties employed on the work not in military service, and to forward the operations as much as may be practicable.

V. Each of the persons named have authority to employ such assistants as may be necessary, and such force, either by hiring, voluntary labor, or otherwise, as may be directed from these headquarters or as may be required for the prosecution of the work, and to obtain by purchase or such method as may be approved such materials as shall be needed.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

