
VI. It is to be remembered that dispatch and diligence especially required, and it is hoped that all will be done to expedite the work which lies in the power of those charged with its execution.

By order of Brigadier-General Ripley:

LEO. D. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, May 9, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Richmond:

Governor Brown says:

I have no objections to material law in Savannah if the people desire it. You have, with the consent of the President, full power in the premise.

I think it necessary that it should be.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 9, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding Department of Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have received your telegram of this date, giving Governor Brown's assent to the establishment of martial law in Savannah, if the people desire it. The subject has before been under consideration. The President is unwilling to declare martial law over any section unless it is absolutely necessary for the security of the public good or desired by the community. As it appears to be objected to by the citizens and authorities of Savannah he does not feel justified in making the declaration until it becomes a positive necessity, and it would be of little avail to proclaim martial law in Augusta without doing it in Savannah.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA., No. 15. Charleston, May 9, 1862.

I. The President of the Confederate States having by proclamation extended martial law over that part of the State of South Carolina from the Santee River to the South Edisto River, and having proclaimed the suspension of all civil jurisdiction (with the exception of that enabling the courts to take cognizance of the probate of wills, the administration of the estates of deceased persons, the qualification of guardians, to enter decrees and orders for the partition and sale of property, to make orders concerning roads and bridges, to assess county levies, and to order the payment of county dues), and the suspension of the writ habeas corpus in the country aforesaid; therefore the operation of General Orders, Nos. 12 and 13, current series, from these headquarters, has become null and void, and said orders are thereby rescinded.

II. Paragraph II and III of General Orders, No. 14, from these headquarters,

32 R R-VOL XIV

