
depute him to select the position and to superintended the work, unless authority be granted me to transfer the battery now located at Ricco's Bluff, on the Chattahoochee, to such other point as may be selected. The obstruction, wherever, located, will be without defense, the battery referred to lying within the limits of the Department of East and Middle Florida and under the command of Brigadier-General Trapier.

If possible I shall make a personal examination of the river, but it is very doubtful whether I shall be able to do so. The position which seemed to me to combine more advantage than any other which came under my observation on a recent visit to Apalachicola was the site of old Fort Gadsden, and I so advised Brigadier-General Trapier. There may, however, be others still better higher up the river, more particularly as to healthfulness. The only other point I have heard proposed is some 10 miles above the town of Chattahoochee, known as Rock Island. It has the disadvantage of leaving unprotected a considerable district of cotton-growing country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Authorize General Pemberton to change position of the Ricco's Bluff Battery if found necessary. Inform him that General Joseph Finegan commands Department of Middle and East Florida, and inform General Finegan of authority to General Pemberton to change position of battery.

G. W. R.
HEADQUARTERS JAMES ISLAND AND DEPENDENCIES,May 13, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON, Charleston:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I will remove early to-morrow the Twenty-fourth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Stevens commanding, with the exception of two rifle companies, to a point near Secessionville.

The two rifle companies under charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Capers will remain at Cole's Island. Lieutenant-Colonel Capers is instructed to keep a riding lookout, and in case of gunboats entering the inlet to secure his command in the bomb-proof, and if the enemy lands a small detachment he is instructed to attack them; if he hands a large one, to retire his command, consisting of about 160 men.

By this evening I will have removed the 24-pounders from Battery Island. I have not directed the siege-train guns to be placed in position because of difficulty in removing them in case of attack. I have given orders to the garrison to be in readiness to fall back to the lines with their guns at a moment's warning. I would respectfully suggest, in consequence of the difficulty of removing them in case of attack, that the guns be placed at once on the lines.

I find that Colonel Stevens is unable to place the obstruction at the point indicated by reason of the want of steamers to transport it and of material to sink it. I have directed Colonel Stevens in case he is unable to remove the 32-pounder rifle gun to bury it on the island, but I hope that he will be able to remove it this afternoon. The obstacle

