
Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Henry W. Benham, U. S. Army, commanding Northern District, Department of the South.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 17, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose a copy of report from Acting Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore, commanding at Tybee Island, with a copy of report of reconnaissance by Lieutenant J. H. Wilson on Wilmington Island, transmitted therewith, for the consideration of the major-general commanding the department, said reconnaissance having been ordered, as I understand, by General Gillmore since the capture of Fort Pulaski.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Quincy A. Gillmore, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Tybee and Cockspur Islands, Ga., April 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding the district, that I ordered a reconnaissance of Wilmington Island yesterday by Lieutenant J. H. Wilson, escorted by seven companies of the Eighth Michigan (about 400 men) and a field piece. The object was to ascertain the position of affair on that island, on which repeated examinations on a small scaled had been made, to complete the examination commenced by Colonel Rosa some days since, determine the character of the firm land and streams, and, above all, to see if any preparations by the enemy for boat expeditions against the hulk in Lazaretto Creek or on the left of my position were being made. The reconnaissance, so far as these points required it, was entirely successful, but I regret to be under the necessity of stating that the enemy was met there in force (800). A skirmish ensued. The enemy was driven off, and 10 of our men killed (including one lieutenant) and 35 wounded. Everything was brought off.

I inclose Lieutenant Wilson's report of the skirmish. His report of the reconnaissance, with a complete map of the island and its watercourses, will be sent this p. m., or he will bring it up in person. I send the wounded up this morning on the Honduras.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. B. ELY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Northern Dist., Dept. of the South.

