
in the way of its removal is the want of a lighter. I will have the 24-pounders which have been withdrawn from Battery Island placed on the lines to the east of James Island Creek as soon as possible. I have directed Major Lucas and Captain Ramsay to put the work at Elliott's Cut in a proper state of defense. I have extended orders to Major E. B. White to place his light guns on the lines west of James Island Creek, and to haul up and mount the guns deposited at Minott's Bluff on the same lines. I have detached four companies from Lamar's battalion to take charge of and man the lines east of James Island Creek. I have placed an 18-pounder in position on the work at Secessionsville; it is that which I found here. There is also a 32-pounder here, with monition, on a siege carriage, the limber of which Colonel Hatch has taken to Morris Island to make a wood truck out of. I will endeavor to have this gun placed on the lines at an early day. Send Lieutenants-Colonel Simonton to his command with arms and ammunition for his unarmed men.

I anticipate a reconnaissance by the enemy to-morrow morning at high water and have made my arrangements accordingly. Should you wish to communicate with me there will be two mounted couriers in readiness at Fort Johnson.

The Planter passed Cole's Island going south about 11 o'clock this morning. I would respectfully ask that Captain McCreery, of the Ordnance Department, be ordered to report to me for the purpose of placing the guns in position on the lines east and west of James Island Creek. I have the honor to request that Captain J. Welsman Brown, recently promoted to the majority of Lamar's regiment artilery, be relieved from duty on the court-martial now sitting in Charleston, and be ordered to report for duty with his command.

Respectfully,

S. R. GIST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND MILITARY DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA,Charleston, May 14, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded.

I have approved of General Gist's movements and allowed him discretion in moving the siege guns from Battery Island. The steamer Marion has been sent for the rifled 32-pounders and to get the obstruction in readiness for sinking.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Savannah, May 13, 1862.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Commanding Military District of Georgia:

I am directed by the major-general commanding the department to say that he finds upon investigation that none of the guns have been mounted on the batteries at the Bay Bluff, and that as yet there are but two there. The general directs that the earth in rear of the batteries be cut down and given a gradual slope to the rear, for the safety of the gunners. The general has been informed by Colonel Boggs that he believes there are four 8-inch siege howitzers lying at the Central

