
Depot, said guns having been forwarded some time since, for which carriages are already here. If such is the case, the general directs that they be placed in position at once on the bluff. The general again urges the necessity for the completion of this work, as he has been informed by the person in charge that there are only 9 men employed at present. The general further directs that the mouth of Black River be obstructed with as little delay as possible. If necessary employe one-half of your command on the work, and call on the mayor and city council for aid. The general desires further that you report without delay whether or not the howitzers have arrived.

I am, general, very respectfully,

J. H. MORRISON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Savannah, May 13, 1862.

To the MAYOR OF SAVANNAH:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding the department to say that, should it become necessary and in his opinion practicable to defend the city of Savannah in the event of the enemy's successfully passing the obstructions and batteries, the presence of women and children will not prevent it. He advises therefore that they be gradually withdrawn from the city, without however creating unnecessary alarm. There are certain houses in front of the batteries on Bay Bluff which it is necessary should be removed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. H. MORRISON,

Aide-de-Camp.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, May 14, 1862.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Pemberton to inform you that he expects to use field artillery in the works in the city of Charleston, and such heavy guns as he may be able to equip with horses, &c., which will be movable.

I am, &c.,

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, May 14, 1862.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Pemberton to say to you that he wishes you to carry out strictly his instructions of May 8, 1862. The general does not wish any heavy guns in front of the lines which are not equipped with horses, &c., and which cannot be moved at any time. The field artillery will not be kept on the lines, but will be kept in park. That portion of Brigadier-General Gist's letter which reads thus, "Send Lieutenant-Colonel Simonton to his command with arms and ammunition for his unarmed men" is not understood by the major-general commanding. The limber in the hands of Colonel Hatch must

