
be returned. You will order Captain McCreery to report to General Gist for the duty specified and to instruct the men in their duties. Major Brown, of Lamar's regiment, cannot be relieved at this time from duty on the general court-martial. The court, however, will adjourn sine die in a few days.

I am, &amp;c.,

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, AND GEORGIA, Charleston, May 14, 1862.

Captain W. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions received by telegraph commanding, I shall to-morrow morning dispatch, under flag of truce, a letter addressed to the officer commanding United States forces on the coast of South Carolina and Georgia, in which I propose a general exchange of non-commissioned officers and privates, prisoners of war, also an exchange of lists of commissioned officers, with the view of negotiations for future release.

I desire to call the attention of the general commanding to the utter uselessness of the two navy gunboats [so styled], carrying each three valuable guns, which might be made so available in the works I have had constructed under the superintendence of Major A. L. Long on the Bay Bluff, at the lower end of the city. I hope that the city of Savannah will be defended should the enemy's gunboats unfortunately succeed in passing the batteries below. I beg that an effort may be made to place these guns at my disposal. Captain Brent objects to locating these boats at the only point where I think they can be advantageously placed, to wit, in a canal cut into Mackay's Point near the head of Elba Island.

The obstructions in the Savannah River get on too slowly, though I think they will be effectual. I very much wish the commanding general of this district had more pushing energy. I think we need a man of this character here now.

I have this evening, I think, satisfied the mayor pro tempore [the mayor being ill] of the necessity of martial law in this city. I am very sure that it should be proclaimed.

Four companies of infantry have this evening been sent to Atlanta.

There has been very great disorganization produced by the recent elections of company and field officers. As a general rule the new officers are far inferior to their predecessors.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. SECOND MILITARY DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Charleston, S. C., May 14, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: In answer to your indorsement I have the honor to state that the guns on board the Planter as freight were some that were

