
stant,* and regret exceedingly the state of affairs at Charleston depicted by you. I would be glad to have your suggestions as to the ost advisable mode of remedying the evil. I see no way of adjusting the matters save the relieving of General Ripley, in compliance with his request. I should regret to take this step, inasmuch as his ability and knowledge of affairs in Charleston Harbor would be very essential in time of an attack. As he seems to be dissatisfied, however, and not in harmony with those above and below him, it may be the best thing to gratify his wishes. On the other hand, Hon. Porcher Miles, W. D. Porter, and A. G. Magrath deprecate his removal, and think his absence at this critical period would be disastrous. They recommend giving General Ripley the direct control and responsibility for the defense of Charleston District, independent of General Pemberton. This it is impossible to do while General Pemberton is in command of the department. One or the other must be removed. At the time that I was on duty in that department Commodore Ingraham was the ordnance and artillery it is to inspect and regulate the service of the batteries and report their condition to General Pemberton, and who I have no doubt will attend faithfully to his duty.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., May 15, 1862.

Hons. W. P. MILES, W. D. PORTER, and A. G. MAGRATH, Charleston, S. C.:

GENTLEMEN: I have had the honor to receive your telegram of the 8th instant.* I regret exceedingly the state of affairs which exists at Charleston. Your suggestion to relieve General Ripley of all direct control by General Pemberton could not be adopted as long as General Pemberton retained command of the Department of South Carolina and Georgia. The defense of the two cities, Charleston and Savannah, is so closely associated, that it is deemed unadvisable to constitute each of the two States a separate department under a separate commander. General Ripley appears dissatisfied and anxious to change his field of operations, and although recognizing the importance of his presence at Charleston, particularly should that city be attacked, yet it appears best to comply with his repeated requests and relieve him from his present command. I see no way of overcoming this difficulty except by relieving one of the two officers in question, and would like to know which course you would recommend.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA., No. 17. Charleston, May 17, 1862.

I. The President of the Confederate States having by proclamation extended martial law over that part of the State of South Carolina from the Santee River to the South Edisto River, and having proclaimed the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

