
year he would undertake any operations against you. I presume he will not venture to attack either Charleston or Savannah unless provided with iron boats, and I fear we are losing the service of troops important to us at this place by retaining them where they are not required. If you can concur in this view of the case can you not forward without delay a good brigade to this city under General Ripley if he can be spared?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., May 20, 1862.

General J. C. PEMBERTON,Commanding, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by General Lee to say that he has received the papers forwarded by you relative to the escape of the steamer Planter with certain guns on board from Charleston Harbor.* He very much regrets the circumstance, and hopes that necessary measures will be taken to prevent any repetition of a like misfortune and to bring to punishment any party or parties that may be proved guilty of complicity in the affair or negligent in not preventing it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, FLA., May 20, 1862.

Major-General PEMBERTON,

Commanding C. S. Forces, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: In accordance with your letter to His Excellency Governor Brown, I have made a reconnaissance of the Chattahoochee and Apalachicola Rivers with reference to obstructions and defenses. The river can be readily and effectually obstructed at several points between Iola and the mouth of the Chipola Rivers, called the Narrows: but these obstructions cannot be defended by land batteries. That part of the river known as Fort Gadsden Reach can be as readily obstructed as any other, and the site of the fort is well suited for military works of any sort. Moreover, from the appearance of the country, I should infer it to be the most healthy locality upon the lower river. I went as far as Apalachicola, and could find no point so well suited as Fort Gadsden, the Saint Mary's might be obstructed and Apalachicola reoccupied. I go to Tallahassee to-morrow for the purpose of seeing General Finegan, and if he makes no objection to my views I shall proceed at once to obstruct the river at Fort Gadsden. I shall not disturb the guns or works upon the river. I consider the guns too light for use at Ford Gadsden, and they might answer some purpose as they are in compelling the enemy to run the gauntlet.

I would request that two 8-inch columbiads, with carriages, platforms, implements, &amp;c., be sent to me as soon as possible at Fort Gadsden.

---------------

*Reference is probably to reports on pp.13-15.

---------------

