
If it is impossible to furnish the means of defense, it would be better to obstruct the river in the Narrows and leave them undefended.

I consider the minimum amount of cotton on the banks of the river at and below Columbus as offering a great, if not the only, inducement for the enemy to ascend it. I would therefore suggest the propriety of having it removed at once to the interior or burnt.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Chief Engineer State of Georgia.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, May 27, 1862.

The within report of Colonel W. R. Boggs, State Engineer of Georgia, of a military reconnaissance of the Chattahoochee River, with a view to obstructing the most advantageous point and for the establishment of a battery for its defense, is respectfully referred to the Secretary of War. It is not in my power to furnish the 8-inch guns asked for by Colonel Boggs. I have myself, however, a higher opinion of the long-range 32-pounder than Colonel Boggs entertains, and I am clearly of the opinion that Fort Gadsden is the best site on the river to combine the obstructions and defense.

J. C. PEMBERTON,Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. SECOND MILITARY DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Charleston, S. C., May 20, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose a dispatch* from the acting assistant adjutant-general of General Gist, as also a later dispatch* from that general. I beg also to acknowledge receipt of indorsement on the dispatch sent this morning. I will endeavor to do what is requisite in the case, but I beg leave respectfully to suggest that as the evacuation of Cole's Island was not in accordance with views which I have entertained, and there may be some plan which the major-general has had in view for the defense of the Stono River, that event having happened, which I am not aware of, I should be happy to receive instructions. I shall visit James Island and the fort at the mouth of Elliott's Cut in a very short time.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND MILITARY DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Charleston, S. C., May 20, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY,Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose a dispatch from Lieutenant Sim-

---------------

*Reference is probably to the reports of bombardment of Cole's Island. See pp.16,17.

---------------

