
kins, commanding guard on steamer Marion. The Marion and Clinch having been employed endeavoring to move the obstruction cribs from near Battery Island to near Elliott's Cut, retired when the gunboats crossed the bar. I have sent a dispatch to General Evans suggesting that he send his steam ferry-flat at John's Island into town at once; also telling him of the entrance of the enemy into Stono, and I would respectfully suggest the propriety of directions being given to that officer. I am endeavoring to bring the carriages for the fort at the mouth of Elliot's Cut to their position; and am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SECOND MILITARY DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Charleston, S. C., May 20, 1862.

Captain LEO. D. WALKER:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, I proceeded on steamer Marion, with a detachment of 20 men, to the Stono River for the purpose of moving the obstructions. It being impracticable to move them before high water I had to wait for this morning's tide. The enemy's gunboats, taking advantage of the same tide, came into the river and compelled me to leave the obstructions. I would also respectfully report that while returning I offered to remove Mr. Grimball and a portion of his effects, but he preferred seeking protection from the enemy by hoisting a white flag, which compelled me to leave him to his fate.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. S. SIMKINS,

First Lieutenant, Regiment Artillery.

DEPARTMENT OF THE MILITARY, SOUTH CAROLINA, Columbia, May 20, 1862.

General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding, South Carolina:

From several most worthy and distinguished citizens of the State, residents of Charleston, we have received communications of such a character as render it proper that the substance of them should be communicated to you. The information conveyed is such that I feel assured would be most likely known to you if it has any foundation, but still it is my duty, under instructions of Governor and Council, to bring it to your attention.

We are told disaffection prevails in a large portion of the garrison of Fort Sumter, extending to threats of mutiny and refusal to fire against the enemy if he should appear. We are told also that the persons who made these allegations are ready to substantiate them.

I request therefore, in view of the seriousness of the charge, that you communicate with Mr. William Pringle and Judge Edward Frost on the subject.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES CHESNUT, JR.,

Chief of Department of Military, South Carolina.

