
many gentlemen of eminence and intelligence who entirely concur with me. Among others I will mention the Honorable R. W. Barnwell, Confederate States Senate, who called this morning to see me on this very subject. The forts should not only be dismounted but destroyed. They will be of no use to us after the termination of this war in their present condition, for I take it impregnable iron-clad batteries must take the place of stone and mortar. I propose this subject to the serious consideration of the Department. The greatest difficulty in the way of this radical change would be the removal of the guns from the forts without the knowledge of the enemy. It might, however, be done.

Unless positively directed to send another brigade from this department I do not feel authorized to do so. At this time we need every man we have for the defense of the cities of Charleston and Savannah. I do not imagine that the season will prevent the enemy's attack when he is otherwise prepared to make it.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE COUNCIL CHAMBER, Columbia, S. C., May 21, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith certain resolutions adopted by the Governor and Council of this State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. ARTHUR,

Secretary Executive Council.

[Inclosure.]

STATE OF S. C., EXECUTIVE COUNCIL CHAMBER, Columbia, S. C., May 21, 1862.

The following resolutions, adopted by the Governor and Council, have been ordered to be published:

Resolved. That the Governor and Executive Council concur in opinion with the people of South Carolina, assembled in Convention, that Charleston should be defended at any cost of life or property, and that in their deliberate judgment they would prefer a repulse of the enemy with the entire city in ruins to an evacuation or surrender on any terms whatever.

Resolved. That while they urge a defense of the city at every hazard, and claim no forbearance from the military authorities from considerations of life or property, the Governor and Council, with the Convention, disapprove a voluntary burning of the city by the citizens themselves irrespective of military command.

Resolved, That while they have communicated to the Confederate commanding generals the report adopted by the Convention "as the expressed wish of the people of the State," have freely uttered the convictions of their own judgments, and have repeatedly proffered all the aid and co-operation in their power to effect the proposed result, the Governor and Council, like the Convention, have considered that the ultimate decision as to the defense of Charleston rests necessarily with the Confederate authorities, who control the only military forces capa-

