
ble of making effectual resistance and who alone are responsible for the action taken.

Resolved. That certified copies of the foregoing resolutions be furnished to the President of the Confederate States, to the Secretary of War, and to the Confederate generals commanding in South Carolina, and that the same be published once in the Charleston papers.

Official copy.

B. F. ARTHUR,

Secretary Executive Council.
HDQRS. THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT SOUTH CAROLINA, Adams Run, S. C., May 21, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY,Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the official telegram of the major-general commanding in reference to the movements of the enemy in the Stono, and beg leave to report that I have evacuated John's and Wadmalaw Islands, with the exception of the cavalry pickets. This movement was made agreeably to verbal instructions received from the major-general commanding. The pickets are directed to watch carefully the Stono and Wadmalaw Rivers. I would also report that as the railroad is now open to the enemy at Rantowles and John's Island Ferry my supplies will be cut off if he should destroy the bridge and take the railroad. On account of the limited means of transportation the troops of this command will evidently suffer for provisions unless a depot of stores is conveniently located. To prevent this I have directed my commissary to store a quantity of provisions at Legareville or at some point near on the road leading to Summerville. The rice now in store a quantity of provisions at Legareville or at some point near on the road leading to Summerville. The rice now in store at this place is awaiting the necessary transportation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, May 21, 1862.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,Commanding Second Military District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Pemberton to say to you that if necessary you will suspend all other work until the Stono is thoroughly obstructed, as it is essential that the work should be done at once, and it will be prosecuted day and night until finished.

I am, &amp;c.,

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES, DEPARTMENT OF EAST AND MIDDLE FLORIDA, Tallahassee, May 21, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army, Richmond:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit an approximate estimate of

