
the number of troops in this department [mustered in for the war] after the Fourth Regiment Florida Volunteers leaves for Corinth, as follows:

Regiment	 Arms	 Aggregat	 Remarks

 	 e

Fifth Regiment	 Two-thirds	 1,150	 Stationed at Camp

Florida	 armed	 	 Lee, near

Volunteers	 	 	 Tallahassee

Sixth Regiment	 Fully armed	 1,100	 Stationed on the

Florida	 	 	 Chattahoochee River

Volunteers

Seventh Regiment	 Four-fifths	 1,100	 Ordered to

Florida	 armed	 	 Jacksonville to

Volunteers	 	 	 relieve the Fourth

 	 	 Regiment, under

 	 	 orders for Corinth.

First Regiment	 No arms	 1,000	 Captain Amakker,

Rifles	 	 	 under authority

 	 	 from the War

 	 	 Department, has the

 	 	 full number of

 	 	 companies for the

 	 	 war, which will

 	 	 include a few

 	 	 independent

 	 	 companies that have

 	 	 been filled up.

 	 	 Field officers will

 	 	 be elected at an

 	 	 early day.

First Special	 Fully armed	 600	 Stationed at

Battalion	 	 	 Ricco's Bluff.

Three batteries	 Six field	 450	 One on the

light artillery	 pieces to	 	 Chattahoochee; one

 each company	 	 near Tallahassee;

 	 	 one near

 	 	 Jacksonville.

Eight companies	 Partly armed	 700	 Stationed at

cavalry	 	 	 different points on

 	 	 the coast.

Three companies	 Partly armed	 250	 Now being

six months	 	 	 reorganized for the

Missouri	 	 	 war.

Volunteers

 	 6,350

As the summer advances there is less probability of an invasion of Florida by the enemy, and I respectfully submit that 2,500 men [if armed] will be sufficient to guard the coast of Florida during the summer and fall months. This would leave [when the conscripts are enrolled] fully 4,000 men available for service outside the State. If the services of these troops are needed at other points [as I presume they will be], I respectfully ask permission to accompany then in command. One good battery of flying artillery could also be taken from Florida and attached to the brigade.

I have the honor to be, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP MARION, Near Georgetown, S. C., May 22, 1862.

General PEMBERTON,

Commander-in-Chief of Coast of South Carolina and Georgia:

SIR: There came into this port this morning at sunrise two war steamers, each carrying ten guns. they remained about two Lour and returned down the bay, and are now up Waccamaw River. I expect them to go up all of our rivers that empty into Winyaw Bay. They did nothing while in this port, except to take a small pilot-boat from our dock. They did not demand a surrender of the town. They ordered our flag to be hauled down, but the reply was if they wished it down they would have to haul it down, but the reply was if they wished it down they would have to haul it down. I am not prepared to offer them an effectual resistance while they remain on their boats, but if they land I shall give them the best fight I can. I had the brig Joseph

