
burned and other naval stores. I also had two cavalry companies, one on Paulies Island, the other on Waccamaw Neck. There has been heavy firing in that direction since about 8 a.m.; it is now 11 a.m.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. EMANUEL,

Major, Commanding First Military District.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 22, 1862.

Major-General PEMBERTON, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: The apprehension of unfortunate consequences which may arise from any doubt or misunderstanding of the relation between you and the Governor and Council of this State is the occasion and our apology for now addressing you. For the purpose of removing that doubt or misapprehension, if it should exist, and of placing the matter in a clear and unmistakable condition, we have proposed in the form of interrogations the matter we desire to submit to you.

Supposing that military considerations hereafter to arise should lead you to the conclusion that it was your duty to retire your troops from the defense of the city, would you consider it an interference with you authority that the Governor and Council should commence and make such preparations at once for the defense of the city, additional to and exclusive of such as you have ordered or may order, as may be proper for those who prepare to defend the city to the last point?

Would you not be willing to order or advise and direct in the preparation of such defenses?

Would you not be willing by your counsel and aid to assist the Governor and Council in whatever was necessary to be done under such circumstances as much so as if you were at liberty now to decide that to such last point you would yourself hold the city?

You will perceive in these questions that there is assumed to be a political obligation upon the State and its people to defend the city might lead to the withdrawal of your force.

For the full import of the questions we address to you it is proper to assume that such may be the case-we hope it will not-but that consideration, military as well as political, may unite in giving us the benefit of your presence to the extremist point of defense. Yet it may not be so, and for that contingency we wish to prepare; and in so doing our questions are directed to you, to ascertain whether you would consider it an interference with you to make those preparations [under your order or with your advice and direction] which contemplate the possibility of the defense of the city remaining with those whose political obligations bind them to its unconditional defense.

No slight evidence of our appreciation of the obligation we feel is in now addressing you this letter. We beg to assure you that our apology for it is in the circumstances which surround us.

We shall communicate a copy of this letter and your reply as soon as received to the Governor and Council.

With great respect, your obedient servants,

W. PORCHER MILES.

A. G. MAGRATH.

33 R R-VOL XIV

