HEADQUARTERS SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, May 22, 1862.

W. PORCHER MILES AND A. G. MAGRATH:

GENTLEMEN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date.

In reply to your first interrogation I have to say that I shall not consider it an interference with my authority should the Governor and Council make preparations for the defense of this city, provided the plans of defense are submitted to me and meet my approval. To the second interrogation I answer in the affirmative on all the points embraced.

The disposition evinced by so many distinguished citizens of the State to defend Charleston to the last extreme meets with my entire sympathy and concurrence.

It is possible that "a single regard to military duty" may require the withdrawal of Confederate troops, but this I confidently hope will not be the case.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, May 23, 1862.

Brigadier General N. G. EVANS,

Commanding Third Military District:

GENERAL: It is probable that an attempt may be made to-day or to-morrow by land and water against the bunboats of the enemy lying in Stono River.

I desire you to co-operate with General Ripley's troops so far as to have a battery of field artillery in readiness to open upon the boats should an occasion offer without too great risk to your battery, as the contemplated operations will depend upon the movement of the enemy's boats. The precise point where your batteries might be most serviceable cannot of course be indicated, but must be determined by circumstances. All I at present desire on your part is that you have a battery in readiness to assail him should he become engaged with General Ripley's command.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, May 23, 1862.

General N. G. EVANS:

You can attack him if, after thorough reconnaissance, you are satisfied your men will not be too much exposed to his shell. Don't get your artillery where you can't get it off.

J. C. PEMBERTON,Major-General, Commanding.

