
proceed at once to this city with his regiment and join Colonel Gibson's regiment Georgia Volunteers. The two regiments will then move under the command of Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, to Richmond, Va., for duty in that vicinity.

II. Brigadier General A. R. Lawton will at once order Brigadier-General Mercer, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, with two regiments of Georgia Volunteers, to proceed to Charleston, S. C., for permanent duty.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of Major-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND MILITARY DIST. OF S. C., No. 446. Charleston, May 24, 1862.

I. The steamer Chesterfield, with a gunboat in tow, will proceed this afternoon to a point in the marsh waters beyond Secessionville, where the boat will be placed in position by Captain Bonneau according to instructions heretofore given. The quartermaster's department will provide a steamer to do the duty of the Chesterfield while she is absent from the harbor.

II. The steamer Marion, having in tow a gunboat, and being in charge of Lieutenant C. W. Morris, will proceed through Wappoo Cut this afternoon to the Stono River, where she will be located under the protection of the battery at Elliott's Cut. The commanding officer will receive instructions at that point.

III. Brigadier-General Gist will as soon as possible place in position the guns already designated on the east bank of the Stono River and man the rifle pits which have been dug in that vicinity.

IV. Each commander of shore batteries and of detachments manning the rifle pits will be careful to withhold their fire while the enemy is ascending the river should he make such movement, and to deliver it as heavily as possible consistently with accuracy when he retreats. The point of the enemy's vessels to be aimed at is near the water-line, just aft the smoke-stack. Particular attention will be given to the helmsman and gunners by the riflemen.

V. Instructions will be given when to open fire, but should it be necessary in the absence of instructions commanders are authorized to use their discretion.

By order of Brigadier-General Ripley:

LEO. D. WALKER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, May 26, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Richmond:

As telegraphed, only two regiments, but armed with Enfield rifles, go with General Ripley. I wanted one brigadier-general for Georgia and one for South Carolina troops; also two bonded quartermasters for general service.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

