
the crafts necessary to come up the river. Hence my telegram to you to-day urging that these companies remain.

We have now no force in the country. Our militia are utterly unavailing except for police, and are scarcely enough of effective men for that. Our best men are in the service [2,200] from this district, being there out of less than 2,000 voters. Those at home are poor men, and to abandon their crops now would be to do without bread for their families. I state these facts in no spirit of fault-finding or complaint, but from my solicitude to save our railroad communication, the value of which it is needless for me to mention to you.

My last advices were that the enemy had gone out to the blockading fleet without landing, except at Cat Island, as their boats there were too large to navigate the Pee Dee, but they can command the Planter and the Darlington, both of which have run the river often.

A letter to Colonel Graham by the train leaving at 1 p.m. to-morrow by Northeastern Railroad would be in time, as he will march to Myersville, which will take him the day.

Yours, very respectfully,

W. W. HARLLEE.

FORT PEMBERTON, May 27, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the work of obstructing the Stono River below this post is progressing as speedily as the means of transportation in my possession, both on land and water, will permit. Already several large piles of live-oak are plainly visible at low water, and with increased facilities for carrying the timber to its position I think I would be able in a few days to effectually obstruct the passage of the river to all boats drawing 6 feet and over. I would therefore respectfully request that another steamer and lighter be furnished me at this place to assist in obstructing the river. The steamer Marion is admirably adapted to the purpose; she has also a large lighter, which would assist us very materially.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

WM. M. RAMSAY,

Engineer in Charge Fort Pemberton.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, May 28, 1862.

Major-General PEMBERTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Savannah, Ga.:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to inform you that you are authorized to change the position of the Ricco's Bluff batteries if found necessary. General Finegan commands the Department of Middle and East Florida.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Letter of same purport sent to Major-General Finegan, Tallahassee, Fla.]

