
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA., No. 21. Charleston, May 28, 1862.

I. The troops serving within this department, with exceptions hereinafter to be named, will be immediately organized into divisions and brigades. Those within the present First and Second Military Districts will constitute the First Division First Military District; those within the Military District of Georgia, the Second Division District of Georgia; those within the Third and Sixth Military Districts will respectively constitute independent brigades, and will be addressed Brigade Headquarters, Fourth Military District of South Carolina. The troops now serving within the present Fourth and Fifth Military Districts will constitute an independent command, and will be addressed Headquarters Third Military District, South Carolina. The Georgia troops now in South Carolina and the Louisiana troops in Georgia will for the present be attached to the brigades within the military district in which they are respectively located, but will not be considered as forming a part of the permanent organization of such brigades.

Commanders of divisions will forthwith organize their respective divisions into two brigades, each brigade to consist of not less than forty companies, making as far as practicable an equal distribution of regiments, battalions, and independent companies [field artillery and cavalry]. When a brigade shall not be under the command of a general officer the senior colonel will be assigned to the command.

The following-named officers are assigned to the command of the several military districts as above designated, viz: Brigadier General H. W. Mercer, First Military District of South Carolina; Brigadier General A. R. Lawton, Military District of Georgia; Brigadier General T. F. Drayton, Fourth Military District of South Carolina; Brigadier General N. G. Evans, Second Military District of South Carolina; Colonel W. S. Walker, Third Military District of South Carolina.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of Major-General Pemberton:

[No signature.]
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., May 29, 1862.

Major-General PEMBERTON,Commanding Dept.of South Carolina and Georgia, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: It is desired that you give particular attention to the condition of the fortifications in Charleston Harbor, not only as regards the armament and supplies, but also as regards the condition and feeling of the garrisons. This is particularly important, as any disaffection might be attended by irreparable mischief.

Since the example of Fort Jackson we cannot be too particular in guarding against mutiny. Since your forces have been to some extent reduced and may be still further diminished it becomes necessary for you to make up in vigilance any want of physical force you may have to contend against. The importance of defending both Charleston and Savannah to the last extremity, particularly Charleston, is earnestly brought to your attention. The loss of Charleston would cut us off almost entirely from communication with the rest of the world, and close the only channel through which we can expect to get supplies from abroad, now almost our only dependence. You will therefore make use of every means at your command to put these cities in the most perfect state of defense. Your attention is particularly called to

