
in the Savannah River below Augusta and erect such defenses as I might judge proper to protect this city from an attack by water. The defenses and obstructions have been completed as far as my limited facilities would permit, and if properly held will, I think, be able to ascend the river. To provide against a land attack by a body of troops landed from his gunboats it would be necessary to construct one or more field works of small command in the vicinity of the defenses of the river, and I would respectfully call the attention of the Department of War to such necessity.

The city of Augusta, I presume, is regarded by the commanding general, from the tenor of his communications to myself, as of vital importance to the Confederacy, being the great center of the inland line of communication between the States of the East and West, which, if taken, might and probably would result in the complete isolation of the portions of the Confederacy, without a possibility of practical communication between the two; also completely neutralizing the resources of the State of Georgia for the purposes of the war.

The city admits of easy defense if the necessary arrangements are on hand when required, but experience has demonstrated to us the necessity of timely taking matters in hand instead of counting on exertions, however energetic, in the hour of action.

The very valuable Government works here located and great amount of cotton here accumulated, independently of the strategic importance of the point itself, requires all proper precautions to be taken for its preservation.

Until within a few days I could procure no force to and the defenses erected below the city, notwithstanding my efforts in different quarters, and even now but two incomplete companies belonging to Major Capers' new artillery battalion are there stationed.

On such a force, with but one piece of heavy artillery and some field pieces, does the safety of this city depend should the attempt be suddenly made to ascend the river it Savannah be taken.

I have endeavored to get the citizens [through the mayor] to organize companies for such defense, but the large number supplied by Augusta to the Confederate Army, joined to the inability to digest the actual condition of things until just at hand, have prevented so far any success condition of things until just at hand, have prevented so far any success in this direction. I think if one regiment or battalion [say Major Capers'] were permanently stationed in this vicinity it would perhaps be all that would be required to resist effectually an attempt up the river, if they had the advantage of one or two field works as points d'appui near the fortifications of the river on the bluff. In such case it would be necessary that they should have small-arms in addition to their field artillery. Of course I understand by this that such a force would be able to resist a raid up the river and not an attack in force; the latter would necessarily involve time by the enemy and give it to prepare for his advance; in such case the forces, or a portion of them, now near Savannah and Charleston would be made available.

The defenses or works I have erected on the river are on a plateau about 50 or 60 feet above the water, projecting out from the high adjacent bluff which commands them, and which is about 150 feet in height; somewhat like West Point, except the plateau is but just large enough for the batteries, and the bluff rises immediately above. the river is only 250 yards broad at this place, with a swift current. I have passed a heavy chain across the river, supported by and underneath

