
rafts, the whole extent of which is under the fire of the columbiad and light artillery and small-arms.

Having no authority to shut up the river I have been compelled to partially drop the chain and remove some of the rafts to allow some of the boats to pass, which I think places things somewhat to hazard on an emergency, and would suggest to the War Department that authority be given to close up the river at this point, the navigation being of but little moment.

Should an emergency arise it would be highly desirable and indeed absolutely necessary that power should be vested in some one resident in or near the city to place it under martial law; otherwise the safety of the city would be endangered, and the very large amount of cotton stored here would be taken by the enemy.

I regret to say that although no community are more pathetic or willing to make all required scarifies for the common cause, as they have shown on various occasions, there are individuals of influence and position who would be entirely willing to enter into commercial relations with the enemy should he succeed in forcing his way to this city, and I feel confident it is with such views that the efforts to delay railroads through the streets to the cotton warehouses to facilitate its removal, which I strongly urged, have entirely failed, although doubtless many have been reluctant to remove the cotton on account of the damage and loss it would experience.

In conclusion I state that it was mutually agreed upon between the city authorities and myself to divide the cost of the river defenses, and as the amount thus expended has been entirely defrayed by the city up to the present time by agreement to take the trouble off my hands, I would desire to know if I have authority to pay out from the funds in my hands the proportion of the expense attaching under the arrangement to the Government and amounting to about $6,000, or whether the same is to be paid out by the Engineer Department.

I have written this communication under the supposition that it will be referred to the Secretary of War, as it refers to matters outside of the legitimate duties of the Ordnance Bureau.

Respectfully,

GEO. W. RAINS,

Major Artillery and Ordnance, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 29, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War, with an earnest request that some force be permanently stationed at Augusta, Ga., to cover the city, arsenal, and powder-mills, and that a commanding officer be assigned, with power to declare martial law in case of invasion.

J. GORGAS,

Colonel, Chief of Ordnance.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 2, 1862.

General R. E. LEE:

General Forney is absent. His adjutant-general says he has no guns to spare. I must have more guns. Please furnish me at once.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

