
the Citadel and the Corps of Cadets from the Citadel leave under the command of Major J. B. White for you as soon as possible.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 3.1862.

General LAWTON, Savannah, Ga.:

Send one regiment here for temporary service.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, S. C., June 3, 1862.

Brigadier-General MERCER,Commanding, &amp;c. [James Island]:

GENERAL: You will use the utmost vigilance to prevent the enemy from gaining information of the country by reconnaissance. Your men should keep concealed, lying down to avoid the effect of shells. If your attack is made at night let your men, on approaching the position of the enemy in skirmish order, deliver a fire from one rank only, and immediately after let all lie down, those who have discharged their pieces reloading in that position, or if near enough to use the bayonet do so immediately after the discharge of the pieces. I certainly expect to have a good account from you before daylight.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPT. OF S. C. AND GA., No. 67. Charleston, S. C., June 3, 1862.

*			*			*			*			*

III. The city of Charleston being at this time threatened, Major J. B. White, superintendent of the State Military Academy, will proceed with as little delay as possible with the Corps of Cadets and the eight pieces at the Citadel belonging to the State of South Carolina to James Island and report to Brigadier General S. R. Gist, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, to occupy the west side of the line of intrenchments at Newton's Cut.

*			*			*			*			*

VIII. Lieutenant-Colonel Wagner, First South Carolina Artillery, will proceed, on receipt of this order, to erect a battery at Cummings Point at such point as may be selected. Colonel Benbow will furnish a daily detail for carrying on the work under the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Wagner until such time as laborers can be furnished.

By order of Major-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., June 4, 1862.

His Excellency Governor CLARK, Raleigh, N. C.:

General Pemberton telegraphs that he is expecting every moment an

