HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, S. C., June 4, 1862.

Major W. P. EMANUEL,Commanding near Georgetown:

MAJOR: I have received a communication from Mr. Francis S. Parker, of Georgetown District, in relation to the deficiency of arms for your companies; also in regard to the disposition of the command in reference to prevention of slaves escaping. You are directed to obtain, by impressment or otherwise, all double-barrel guns, rifles, pistols, &amp;c. You are authorized to arm your men, as far as they will go, with the pistols said to belong to the Government and to have been left by steamer Nashville, sending your receipt therefor to Colonel Gorgas, Chief of Ordnance, Richmond. I have no arms of any description to furnish you with, nor do I see any prospect of getting them. You will locate your troops with a view to prevent the escape of slaves and for protection of persons and property against insubordination of negroes. You will use every energy to effect these objects as far as it may be practicable with your small command.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 4, 1862.

Colonel J. GORGAS, Richmond, Va.:

I must have cannon powder to defend Charleston. Captain Childs has lately sent 15,000 pounds to Macon and the same quantity to Atlanta. I need this and more. I request that neighboring arsenals be instructed to fill requisitions made by me for small-arms and ammunition in preference to all other orders.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

RALEIGH, N. C., June 4, 1862.

GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

I would gladly comply with you request to aid General Pemberton, but the regiments I had collected and prepared for our State defense have, without consultation with me, been sent off by General Holmes to Petersburg and Richmond, and I am now in want of troops for Wilmington, Goldsborough, and Weldon. General Holmes has the control of regiments at each of these places and you can call on him.

HENRY T. CLARK.
HEADQUARTERS, Near Richmond, Va., June 4, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to akcnowledge the receipt of your letter of the 21st ultimo, and to say that he had referred the same to His Excellency the President for his consideration, at the same

