
time expressing his convictions that it is not always possible for iron ships to pass batteries when the latter are well fought, as was proven at Drewry's Bluff, on James River. The general thinks, moreover, that if the enemy is allowed to enter the harbor he could establish himself on James Island, at Dill's Bluff, and construct batteries which would command any you might erect in the city. Though he cannot recommend the dismantling of Forts Sumter and Moultrie, he thinks certain guns might be quietly removed from them, perhaps without injury, and used to advantage elsewhere. I am instructed by the general to add that he has to-day communicated with the Chief of Ordnance Buerau on the subject of procuring small-arms and heavy guns for you, and that he will do what is possible toward supplying your wants in these respects.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

COLUMBUS, GA., June 4, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding C. S. Forces, S. C. and Ga., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: In closing so abruptly the work upon which I am engaged I have considered it proper to send you copies of my entire correspondence, except such as I have had with yourself. From this correspondence you will see the steps taken by myself to insure the proper completion of the work.

On my return from Tallahassee I wrote to Captain Dillard, quartermaster at Columbus, requesting him to get as soon as possible at least 100 laborers, with rations, tents, &amp;c., and advise me by telegraph at Chattahoochee how many hands he could get, and whether he would require my boat for their transportation. In the mean time I made a more complete examination of the lower river. I inclose herewith his advertisement for the hands.

On my return to Chattahoochee I received a letter from Captain Dillard, of which I inclose a copy. I at once determined to return to this place and seek the assistance of Dr. Bozeman, mayor of Columbus; also that of Dr. Thornton, mayor of Eufaula, and Mr. McNab, also of Eufaula, who were commissioners to act upon the subject, never for a moment doubting that the laborers would be furnished with the utmost promptness. I had all the supplies for the hands stored upon the boat. Yesterday morning Dr. Bozeman informed me that it was almost impossible to get hands from Columbus or Eufaula, but suggested that higher wages be offered as an inducement. I at once authorized $1 per day, medical attendance, rations, &c., and requested him to telegraph to Eufaula to that effect and ask how many hands could be had. Upon the receipt of the answer [a copy of which I inclose] I telegraphed you that no laborers could be had and my services were no longer necessary. Your reply was received this evening, and I shall return to Milledgeville to-morrow. Learning that Judge Iverson was in the town I called upon him and laid the whole matter before him, reading him the entire reconnaissance. He seemed grieved at the turn of affairs, but could see no remedy. A proposition has been made to suspend the work until the crops are gathered in, &c.; to

