
this I object, and shall respectfully decline giving my personal supervision under such circumstances.

To Captain Dillard, of the Quartermaster's Department, I am very much indebted for his prompt response to all my calls upon him, also to the captain of the steamer, pilots, and guides.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Engineer, &amp;c.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, S. C., June 15, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the War Department. The work is not going on, the planters in that district of country having failed to furnish the necessary labor to carry on the work and it being impracticable to obtain it otherwise.

J. C. PEMBERTON,Major-General, Commanding Department of S. C. and Ga.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

STEAMER MUNNERLYN, May 24, 1862.

Captain DILLARD,

Quartermaster, Columbus, Ga.:

CAPTAIN: I will require for my work upon the river from 150 to 200 laborers, 50 tents, and 4 wall-tents. Will you please engage as many laborers as you can, and arrange with the commissary that men, tents, and provisions shall come down together? Among the laborers there should be 5 or 6 common carpenters, 1 or 2 ordinary bricklayers, and 4 good cooks. Some of the laborers I may be able to get elsewhere. I have written to General Pemberton to send instructions to the commissary concerning the rations. I inclose a requisition for 2,000, which I would be pleased to have you hand him and explain its nature. Please telegraph me at Chattahoochee how many laborers, &c., you can get; also if you will need this boat to bring down the men, rations, &c.

I am, &c.,

W. R. BOGGS,

Engineer, &c.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

COLUMBUS, GA., May 28, 1862.

Colonel W. R. BOGGS:

DEAR SIR: Your favor of the 24th instant duly received. It will be, I think, impossible to procure the laborers you ask for, but I will try and advise by telegraph. The tents and commissary stores I will furnish as soon as possible. You have not sent me the receipts for the last requisitions which I sent you. Please do so at once.

Yours, truly,

F. W. DILLARD,

Assistant Quartermaster.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

STEAMER MUNNERLYN, May 29, 1862.

Captain F. W. DILLARD, Columbus, Ga.:

CAPTAIN: Yours of yesterday reached me this morning and determined me to return at once to Columbus. I shall leave the boat at

