
Fort Gaines and will meet her again at Columbus on Monday. I have written to Dr. Bozeman for assistance in getting hands; also to Messrs. McNab and Thornton at Eufaula. I hope to organize my force and start down the river again on Monday, June 2. If I succeed in getting the number of hands I want I will require 2,000 more rations than I wrote for. Please advise the commissary for me. I will also require cooking utensils for 200 men. I prefer to take hands, rations, tents, &amp;c., on the Munnerlyn.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Engineer, &c.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

COLUMBUS, GA., May 20, 1862.

Captain BOGGS,

Chief of Engineers and Artillery, State of Georgia:

DEAR SIR: I am sorry that I did not have the pleasure of meeting with you as you passed through this city. It seems that events worked around in a circle, placing you where it was we desired to have you more than two months ago.

I have just returned from Eufaula to confer with authorities there on the subject of aiding in protecting the rive against approaches next winter. I am happy to assure you, on the part of Dr. Thornton, mayor of Eufaula, and myself, that in our respective spheres we will cordially co-operate with you in carrying out effectually your vigorous efforts to that end. Any agency that I can exercise for you here you my readily command me.

Yours, very truly,

JAS. F. BOZEMAN,

Mayor.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

STEAMER MUNNERLYN, Chattahoochee River, Ga., May 29, 1862.

Dr. J. F. BOZEMAN,

Mayor of Columbus, Ga.:

MY DEAR SIR: I am all ready now to go to work if I can get the hands. I want 200, and will be obliged to you for your assistance in getting them. I have written to Messrs. McNab and Thornton, at Eufaula, to telegraph you how many they can furnish. I will send the steamer to Columbus for the hands, provisions, tents, &c., and will join them here on Monday, June 2. If the hands are ready by that time I shall go down again at once. The Confederacy will pay, find, and furnish medical attendance and medicines, also the necessary shelter for the hands. It will be my special care to see that the hands are cared for while under my control.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Engineer, &c.

[Inclosure No. 6.]

EUFAULA, ALA., June 3, 1862.

Dr. BOZEMAN:

No hands ready; several engaged. Difficult to obtain laborers until crops are secured.

J. McNAB.

W. H. THORNTON.

