
[Inclosure No. 7.]

EUFAULA, ALA., May 21, 1862.

Colonel BOGGS:

SIR: We take the liberty of writing you to state that we have been appointed by Governor Shorter commissioners on the part of Alabama to represent the State in carrying into execution such duties as may devolve on us in the system of operations that you adopt, as engineer, with a view to obstruct the river. We are advised by the mayor of Columbus that you have proceeded down the river to commence the work, and we think proper to write you, informing you of our appointment, and that we are ready and desirous to co-operate in carrying out our duties. Oblige by informing us what is expected of us to do in aid of the work at present, if such information is to emanate from you, as we suppose, hearing that you have full authority in the premises.

Very respectfully,

JOHN McNAB,

WM. H. THORNTON,

Commissioners.

[Inclosure No. 8.]

STEAMER MUNNERLYN, Chattahoochee River, May 24, 1862.

Messrs. J. McNAB and W. H. THORNTON,

Commissioners, &amp;c., Eufaula, Ala.:

GENTLEMEN: Your letter of May 21 reached me to-day. I am aware of the correspondence between Governors Shorter and Brown, and it was the intention of Governor Brown to send me to act with yourselves, the commissioners of Governor Shorter. In the mean time, at the request of General Pemberton, C. S. Army, commanding the department, I was ordered by Governor Brown to report to General Pemberton for instructions, and am now acting under his orders. I should be very much gratified to have you visit this part of the river to see what is about to be done. Such a visit would probably be more satisfactory to yourselves and your people, and would afford me much pleasure. If the quartermaster at Columbus can procure sufficient laborers at the place it may be necessary to call on you for assistance.

I am, gentlemen, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Engineer, &c.

[Inclosure No. 9.]

STEAMER MUNNERLYN, May 29, 1862.

Messrs. J. McNAB and W. H. THORNTON, Eufaula, Ala.:

GENTLEMEN: From a letter I received to-day from Captain Dillard, at Columbus, I infer that I shall have some difficulty in obtaining laborers. I want at least 200, and will be obliged to you for your assistance in obtaining them. The Confederacy will pay, feed, and furnish the medical attendance and medicines, also shelter for these hands. It will be my special care to see that they are properly cared for so long as they are under my control. I shall go to Columbus for the purpose of getting laborers, rations, tents, &c., and hope to return Monday, June 2. Please advise Dr. Bozeman, at Columbus, by telegraph how many

35 R R-VOL XIV

