
hands you can have ready for me at Eufaula by that time and of any others that I may get en route down the river.

I remain, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Engineer, &amp;c.

[Inclosure No. 10.]

STEAMER MUNNERLYN, Chattahoochee River, May 29, 1862.

Dr. J. N. G. HUNTER,* Bainbridge, Ga.:

DOCTOR: I am now on my way to Columbus, Ga., for the purpose of organizing a working party of about 200 hands. It will be necessary for me to have a physician with the party, and I shall be pleased to have your services. You will be provided for in the boat, and I feel authorized to pay you the same as an assistant surgeon in the C. S. Army. I should be glad to have you bring your own medicines, and will pay for such as you may use. I will advise you by telegraph when we leave Columbus, and will be pleased to hear from you or meet you at Chattahoochee.

I remain, doctor, very respectfully,

W. R. BOGGS,

Engineer, &c.

[Inclosure No. 11.]

COLUMBUS, GA., June 4, 1862.

Dr. J. M. G. HUNTER,* Bainbridge, Ga.:

DOCTOR: Having entirely failed to organize the working party for the obstructing and defense of the river, I have to inform you that I shall not need your services.

Hoping that my letter of the 29th ultimo has put you in no considerable inconvenience, I remain, doctor, very respectfully,

W. R. BOGGS,

Engineer, &c.

[Inclosure No. 12.]

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 3, 1862.

Colonel W. R. BOGGS, Columbus, Ga.:

There are no guns to be had, except those at Ricco's Bluff. At this time Dr. Callahan cannot be spared from Savannah.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 13.]

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, S. C., May 29, 1862.

Colonel W. R. BOGGS, Columbus, Ga.:

I am directed by Major-General Pemberton to say to you that he expects the labor to be furnished by the planters themselves free of charge, and if the negroes should not have the tools you are authorized to get them from the quartermaster. While the general does not positively prohibit shelter, yet he thinks it better to bivouac, as information

---------------

*No means of ascertaining the correct initials.

---------------

