
has been received that no more tents can be furnished until winter. The general will make requisition for the $15,000, and as soon as received will have it placed at your disposal. At present the Engineer Department is without funds. The general prefers the position just below Fort Gadsden for the obstructions. He cannot at this time furnish any other guns than those at Ricco's Bluff.

I am, &amp;c.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 14.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, S. C., June 1, 1862.

Colonel W. R. BOGGS,Engineer Office:

COLONEL: I am directed by Major-General Pemberton to say that he prefers Fort Gadsden or just below it as a site, with the guns from Ricco's Bluff, to any other point on the river. He has no guns that he can spare you. He would advise that the obstructions be placed near the guns-say 600 or 700 yards from the guns.

I am, &c.,

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 15.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Savannah, Ga., May 13, 1862.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,Governor of Georgia:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a letter from the Secretary of War to myself, received by the hands of Hon. Alf. Iverson on the 11th instant.* During the very few days of my control over the Department of Eastern and Middle Florida I examined, the Chattahoochee River as far up as the town of the same name, with a view to the location of a battery between Apalachicola and Chattahoochee. I saw no site which offered so many advantages as that of old Fort Gadsden. This opinion I expressed to Brigadier-General Trapier, and advised its occupation. The guns, however, had been landed at Ricco's Bluff and works commenced, and for these reasons only I believe General Trapier determined to establish his batteries there. Between Chattahoochee and Columbus I know nothing by personal observation of the desirable localities. To my mind, however, it is very plain that the battery and obstructions should cover as much of the country as possible from invasion by the river. Fort Gadsden has many requisites. The site is sufficiently elevated; there are good roads in the rear; a long, straight road in front; the banks on either side are swampy, and nearly or quite impracticable to an enemy; the width of the river is about the average, and in no part is it too wide or too deep to be easily and effectually obstructed. I prefer to all other methods the plan of cribs as constructed and laid in the Savannah River. The addition of trees in large numbers placed just below the cribs and under fire of the batteries should prevent the passage of boats of the smallest draught. It may be that Fort Gadsden is unhealthy; if so, it is cer-

---------------

*Of May 7,see p.493.

---------------

