
was answered by an order from General Benham to Acting General Williams to report to General Stevens with his command. This was a change in the original programme by taking from the covering column the brigade under Williams and adding it to the assaulting column.

On reaching the front I found that the command of General Stevens was falling back; that a portion had been reformed behind the advanced hedgerow; that the Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania was behind the same hedge on the left of General Stevens, and that the Third New Hampshire and Third Rhode Island, which had been pushed well up to our left of the enemy's works and on the left of the marsh, were hotly engaged and under a cross-fire from the works and from a force of the enemy (artillery and infantry) on our left, in a low growth of bushes, which covered them from view. The performances of these regiments and their gallant bearing under a most destructive fire will be detailed by their immediate commander, General Williams, and I refer to them at all only with a view to their connection with the movements of the rest.

To silence the fire on our left just referred to and to be able to resist more promptly and attack from that point a section of Hamilton's battery was brought into the field to the left of the marsh and opened on the enemy, and the Forty-seventh New York Regiment, of Colonel Chatfiled's brigade, was also brought forward and formed in line of battle to the left in face of the low growth of bushes to which I have alluded, a movement which was executed with the most admirable coolness and in perfect order. The fire of our battery soon selected that of the enemy, which was not resumed. The fire of our battery soon silenced that of the enemy, which was not resumed. The other troops of my command maintained their original position through the entire engagement, except the volunteer Engineers, who by my direction changed front forward to the left, to cover the approach in that direction.

Although not actually engaged with the enemy the troops of my command were constantly under the fire of the enemy's artillery, which was at times very warm, and which was borne most unflinchingly by officers and men, who were anxious to be brought up face to face with the enemy. The conduct of officers and men was deserving of all praise. To Captain Hamilton, Third Artillery, chief of artillery of the left column, I desire to express my obligations for the judicious management of the artillery, which had much influence in subduing the fire of the enemy, and to the various members of my staff, Colonel E. W. Serrell, Volunteer engineers, chief engineer; Captain C. W. Foster, assistant adjutant-general; Captain goodrich, assistant quartermaster; Lieutenant F. A. Sawyier, acting brigade commissary; Lieutenants Hayden and Hubbell, aides-de-camp; Mr. Darlington, volunteer aide-de-camp, and Captain J. M. Rice, of General Hunter's staff, but serving whit me as a volunteer aide, I desire to acknowledge the prompt and satisfactory discharge of the various duties assigned them.

The troops of the entire column left the field in the most perfect order, the Forty-fifth Pennsylvania bringing up and covering the rear as far as our front line of pickets, where it was halted, and remained in position till all prospect of an attack on the part of the enemy had passed away. The withdrawal from the field of both columns was ordered by General Benham.

Accompanying this are the reports of Colonel Chatfield and Welsh, commanding brigades.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

