
from the regiment will proceed at once to Charleston, S. C., and rejoin their regiment.

V. Colonel Harrison, commanding regiment Georgia Volunteers, will proceed at once to the vicinity of Brigadier General S. R. Gist's headquarters and report to Brigadier General W. D. Smith, Provisional Army Confederate States. Colonel Harrison can encamp with his regiment at any convenient point near his place of destination.

VI. Brigadier General W. D. Smith, commanding on James Island, will cause one or more companies to work on a battery to be constructed below Fort Pemberton, relieving by others as he shall see fit. The greatest caution and silence must be observed. No negroes will be allowed to approach the work during its construction or afterward. The construction of the work will be under the superintendence of Mr. E. White, assistant engineer.

By order of Major-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA,Adams' Run, S. C., June 5, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: In answer to the communication just received by the hands of Lieutenant Morrison I have the honor to report that I have yet been unable to ascertain the exact intentions or designs of the enemy.

There are about 1,500 on Seabrook Island, and are being re-enforced from Fenwick's and Ediston Islands. There is also a small force at Legareville. I have three regiments at the bridge at Church Flats, with orders to move to the island at the shortest notice.

I have just directed Colonel Dunvant, First Regiment Infantry, to attack the enemy at Seabrook to-morrow morning. The attack will not probably take place until the afternoon.

I am compelled to guard strongly both the Wadmalaw and Stono Rivers, and I think the present force of this district should not be diminished more than one regiment.

The cavalry are so indifferently armed that they are of little service is a general engagement. I have now six companies of cavalry on John's Island. Two light batteries are also at Church Flats, ready to move to the island if necessary.

Should any troops be ordered to Virginia from this military district I would respectfully ask permission to make the detail.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General EVANS, Adams Run, S. C.:

Two 12-pounder guns have been ordered to Rantowles, 50 rounds of ammunition each; want them placed in battery there.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

