
on John's Island; also cavalry and artillery. The generals are Stevens and Wright. Says his division (Stevens') is 10,000 strong.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MIDDLE AND EAST FLORIDA,Tallahassee, Fla., June 7, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have failed to receive any guns from Pensacola to place to place in battery on the Apalachicola River. I am erecting a battery of seven guns at Alum Bluff, between Ricco's Bluff and Chattanoochee-four 32-pounders, two 24-pounders, and one 18-pounder. The position is an elevated one, where a plunging fire can be had on any vessel attempting to a pas. Two guns are now ready for service and the balance will be mounted in the course of a week or ten days. The carriages for most of the guns had to be made here. I have moved the two 32-pounder rifle cannon, mounted on siege carriages, from Ricco's Bluff for service on the Saint John's River and put two 18-pounders in their place. I am also removing two 8-inch howitzers from the battery near Saint Mark's for the same service and putting two 32-pounders in their place. I propose making a casemate battery near Saint Mark's, using heavy timber and railroad iron for the purpose.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General EVANS, Adams Run, S. C.:

The enemy's gunboats went down last night to Grimball's, on John's Island. I got your dispatch so late I could not comply with your wishes. Let me know what you want now.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,June 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General SMITH:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you have the bomb-proof at Secessionville completed at once by the soldiers. This work is important and its speedy completion necessary. Also that you have working parties organized ready to erect batteries between James Island Creek and Newton's Cut.

J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

