HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., June 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General SMITH,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: You will direct Captain W. W. McCreery, ordnance officer, to make an immediate personal inspection and report to me as early to-morrow as possible-

1st. The exact number of guns on the line of intrenchments from Secessionville to the Cut (Wappoo), giving the correct caliber of each, with a diagram showing the position on the lines. This he can take well enough from the sketch of the intrenchments as laid down on General Gist's map.

2nd. How many rounds there are for each caliber of shot, canister, and grape, also how many rounds of cartridges for each caliber.

3rd. How many friction-tubes, how many port-fires, port-fire clippers, how much slow match, how many port-fire stocks.

4th. How many handspikes for siege guns are needed, how many barbette guns, how many priming-wires, gunner's gimlets, and thumb-stalls, haversacks, and tube-pouches are needed, also vent aprons.

5th. State in the calibers given whether rifled or smooth-bore.

6th. I trust that Captain McCreery will use the utmost accuracy and diligence in ascertaining and giving this information. It is of the greatest importance that I should be correctly informed on all these points, that I may take measures to keep up supplies. It is of immediate and pressing necessity that I should know the caliber and number of guns and the amount of ammunition now on the lines, and I desire you to have at least 20 rounds of cartridges and projectiles with every gun in position. It is also extremely important that proper arrangements be made on the continuous line for the disposition of field artillery, upon which we shall be forced to depend in a great degree. I desire to place at least 50 rounds of ammunition with every siege and barbette gun. If you are deficient in anything let me know and I will endeavor to have it supplied.

Very respectfully,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 8, 1862.

W. J. MAGRATH,

President Charleston and Savannah Railroad:

SIR: The worthless condition of nearly all the steamboats in the employ of the Government render it necessary that I call upon you for the use of the ferry-boats of the railroad company. I regret this necessity extremely, but I have no other resources. The enemy in large force is preparing to attack Charleston-probably through James and John's Islands. I request you to have several trains ready to move at a moment's notice for or with troops. It is desirable that the regular passenger train should not move to-day, as it is highly probable the cars may be needed for transportation of men or stores.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

