
CHARLESTON, S. C., June 10, 1862.

MAYOR OF SAVANNAH, GA.:

Charleston is threatened; have therefore drawn troops from Savannah. If Savannah is threatened, shall draw troops from Charleston. With means at my disposal shall defend both to the best of my ability. Expect to send two regiments back to-morrow.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., June 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General MERCER:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Pemberton to say to you that some six weeks ago he ordered Captain Echols to construct a work in rear of Fort Jackson, a covered way, to strengthen the rear of the fort. The major-general wishes you to call on the mayor and council for sufficient negro labor to complete the work. One hundred would finish the work in three weeks. You will also call the attention of the Navy officers to the importance of completing the naval battery. Should the negroes not be furnished the work cannot go on. The naval battery should be constructed under the control of the Navy officer.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., June 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General MERCER,

Commanding Military District of Georgia:

GENERAL: In answer to your communication of June 9 I am directed by Major-General Pemberton to inform you that he considers the position of Fort Boggs one of so much importance that he is unwilling to take the 10-inch columbiad now in position at that work to place it on the ladies' gunboat until the strength of the gunboat has been thoroughly tested with a 10-inch columbiad or an 8-inch rifled gun at a distance of about 300 yards. After the strength of the gunboat has been thus ascertained and found capable of resisting such heavy metal the general will then consider your request at once.

As regard the number and quality of troops you now have at Savannah, the general is well aware of the fact that the force is not sufficiently large for the defense of the city. You are aware of the fact that the force in and around Charleston is inadequate to the defense of Charleston and the lines of James Island. Charleston is now threatened, and the general has been forced to withdraw troops from Savannah while the latter city is not threatened. Should Savannah be threatened, he should under similar circumstances withdraw troops from Charleston for the defense of Savannah.

Colonel Harrison's regiment Georgia Volunteers has been ordered to and will probably reach Savannah to-day before reading your letter. Captain Read's battery has been ordered to leave for Savannah to-morrow. General Drayton, at Hardeeville, has been ordered to hold his entire command in readiness to move to your support, in case Savannah

