
should be threatened, upon your summons without further reference to these headquarters. The general will also endeavor to strengthen you from other points. You should also call on the Governor for all arms in the State, so as to enable you to thoroughly arm what men you now have. You should also call on the citizens to arm themselves for the defense of the city.

On June 6 General A. R. Lawton telegraphed as follows:

If the troops now in Charleston sent from here under General Smith return to this place, when I have taken four regiments to Richmond, there will remain here about 11,000, so that you will now have 11,000 men less the number brought from Savannah by General Smith, which does not exceed 1,600 or 1,700, which should leave you about 9,300 or 9,400 men.

Should you be threatened in the least you will call on General Drayton for the Eleventh Regiment South Carolina Volunteers at once. You are also authorized to call on all troops in Georgia should their services be required. Savannah is therefore, in the opinion of the general, as well defended as Charleston. To properly defend either city requires a force of at least 20,000 men at each city, but you are well aware that the general has no such force at his disposal.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General EVANS, Adams Run, S. C.:

Send me as many infantry troops as you can spare for temporary service. How many can you spare?

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 11, 1862.

GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

My force is very inadequate to the defense of both Charleston and Savannah. Exclusive of garrisons of forts, at this time I have not to exceed 10,000 effectives to defend Charleston, including Evans' command, and to defend Savannah not more than 5,000 effectives, including Drayton's; some of these are unarmed; many badly armed. Can I not get some troops from North Carolina?

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., June 11, 1862.

Major-General PEMBERTON:

Movements of an important and decisive character are practicable if we can get re-enforcements from the South. Send them if you possibly can without too much risk to Charleston.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

