
No. 5. Report of Colonel John L. Chatfield, Sixth Connecticut Infantry, commanding First Brigade, First Division.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE FIRST DIV., U. S. FORCES,Grimball's Plantation, S. C., June 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that, in accordance with previous instruction from the division headquarters, my brigade, composed of two companies of the Sixth Connecticut Regiment and the Forty-seventh New York Regiment (the remaining eight companies of the Sixth Connecticut being left behind on picket duty and the Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment being assigned to the command of General Williams), was formed in line at 3 a. m. this day, and took upon the line of march, as assigned, in rear of General Williams' command. I moved forward about a fourth of a mile beyond our line of march, as assigned, in rear of General Williams' command. I moved froward about a fourth of a mile beyond our line of pickets, when I formed in line of battle, and in that order moved forward in support of our artillery until within about 800 yards of the enemy's position, where we lay under a galling fire from their battery for over an hour, after which I was ordered to move the Forty-seventh New York Regiment forward in support of General Williams' column, which I did, accompanying it myself, forming line of battle to the left and about 500 yards in rear of the enemy's main work, where we remained for half an hour, throwing skirmishers forward into the woods. we were then again ordered to the rear of our artillery. We remained here but a few moments, when we were once more ordered forward to the former position, which having taken and again thrown out skirmishers we were immediately ordered to the rear of our artillery, and soon after to retire and take up a position in front of our line of pickets. This being accomplished, we were soon ordered back to our old position in camp in rear of our entrenchments.

I have the honor to report that the officers and men of my command conducted themselves with the greatest coolness.

I had occasion several times to execute different movements with the Forty-seventh New York Regiment, and although done under a galling fire from the enemy, all the movements were accomplished with the greatest facility, the men acting calmly and without any excitement.

I have also the pleasure to report that there were no casualties whatever in my command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN L. CHATFIELD,

Colonel Sixth Regiment Connecticut Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. W. FOSTER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 6. Report of Colonel Henry R. Guss, Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-SEVENTH Regiment PA. VOLS.,James Island, S. C., June 18, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit fa the consideration of Brigadier-General Williams the following report of the part sustained by my regiment in the reconnaissance of June 16:

On the evening of the 15th an order was received to prepare one day's cooked rations, which was accordingly done.

At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 16th the regiment was formed on

