
of a letter from Colonel G. W. Rains to Lieutenant Colonel J. Gorgas and referred by him to me, and you are requested to take such action in the matter as you may deem advisable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

AUGUSTA ARSENAL, June 7, 1862.

Colonel J. GORGAS, Chief of Ordnance:

COLONEL: I herewith inclose proceedings* of a public meeting held in this city relative to taking measures for its defense, and in which resolutions were adopted requesting the Secretary of War, through myself, to assist in affording aid to the defense of this place and the Government works.

As the matter has already been brought to the notice of the Secretary of War by yourself perhaps these resolutions are unnecessary, but as they request me to do so I submit them to the Secretary through your bureau.

Would it be practicable to obtain 100 Enfield rifles to assist in arming two companies of sharpshooters now forming? I dislike to trouble you in any manner that I can avoid, knowing so well the little time you have to spare on matters outside of your department, but as we are much interested in preserving the public works here, which may become our rallying point, I think we cannot exert ourselves too much for their preservation. The want of a military commander at this point would be much felt in an emergency, and I would be glad if the Secretary's attention could again be brought to the subject, my time being so much occupied in my legitimate ordnance duties that I can ill afford to take upon myself the additional duties of attending to the military defense. General Gardner is living here, and, although a cripple, I think could render efficient service in the premises, and, if might be allowed to suggest a commandant, I would name him as an officer who would be glad to serve in such capacity, and it would be agreeable to his townsmen. I of course will assist the commandant in all ways it may be in my power without requiring orders so to do. The general and myself are old friends, and I presume there would be entire unity of purpose between us.

I have to state in relation to siege-gun carriages that those which were at this arsenal were sent to Corinth, excepting one 18-pounder carriage, for the Shell Bluff defense.

Respectfully,

GEO. W. RAINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Artillery and Ordnance, Commanding.
HDQRS. SOUTH CAROLINA REGIMENT ARTILLERY,Fort Sumter, June 12, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose letters addressed to me by several captains of this regiment in relation to reports of the disaffection

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

