
in the garrison of Fort Sumter. The opinions of the company officers are the only guides I have in this matter. They are aware of the rumors and of the seditious language held by one or two of the men, but still have confidence in the loyalty, courage, and fidelity of their commands. If it should be deemed necessary to make any change in the garrison of Fort Sumter I respectfully request that my regiment be sent into the field, with as many companies serving together as is consistent with the exigencies of the day. While all the officers of this garrison would feel sensibly the mortification of being removed from a post of so much importance at such a critical time, we would prefer to be placed immediately in front of the enemy, where an opportunity would be afforded to restore that confidence in our rank and file which has been shaken by rumors amongst an anxious and excited community.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. CALHOUN,

Colonel, Commanding South Carolina Artillery.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT SUMTER, May 23, 1862.

Lieutenant C. W. PARKER,

Adjutant First Regiment Artillery:

SIR: In reply to the question addressed to me this morning by Colonel Calhoun, in reference to my opinion of the loyalty of Company B, First Regiment Artillery, to the cause in which they are enlisted, I have the honor to say that since I have been in command of that company I have never had any grounds for suspecting the loyalty of their motives, and I feel at the present time an entire confidence in the sincerity of their allegiance to the flag of the Confederate States.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVIS G. FLEMING,

Captain First Regiment South Carolina Artillery.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

FORT SUMTER, May 22, 1862.

Colonel W. R. CALHOUN, Commanding Fort Sumter:

COLONEL: In compliance with your request I have the honor to state that I have the utmost confidence in the loyalty of every man now present in my company, and it is my sincere belief that as far as patriotism is concerned they will compare favorably with any company in the service of the Confederate States.

I remain, very respectfully,

F. H. HARLESTON,

Captain Company D, Regiment South Carolina Artillery.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

FORT SUMTER, May 25, 1862.

Colonel W. R. CALHOUN:

COLONEL: I have the honor to reply to your question, with regard to the loyalty and fidelity of Company F, that I have never seen the

