
least cause to doubt eigher, and that I do not for one moment question their willingness to fight for the cause in which they are enlisted.

I have the honor, colonel, to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GADSDEN KING,

Captain First Regiment Arty., S. C., P. F. C. S., Commanding Company F.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

FORT SUMTER, May 22, 1862.

Colonel W. R. CALHOUN, Commanding Regiment S. C. Arty., Prov. Forces C. S.:

COLONEL: In reply to your inquiry of this morning I would beg leave to state that I place the most implicit reliance upon my company. I feel entire confidence in their loyalty and patriotism.

WM. H. PERONNEAU,

Captain, Commanding Company G, Regiment South Carolina Artillery.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

FORT SUMTER, May 31, 1862.

Colonel W. R. CALHOUN, Fort Sumter:

COLONEL: I have been much annoyed in the last few days by the expression of the feeling of the people of Charleston against this regiment. They seem to have los all confidence in us, and I have no doubt that it would be as agreeable to them as it would be certainly to me, and I think to many of the officers of the regiment, that we should be removed to some other field of action. I would therefore respectfully request that you take such measures as in your judgment may relieve us from the unpleasant position we now occupy, and at the same time place us in some other position, where we may be enabled to assume our full share of responsibility.

I remain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

WM. H. PERONNEAU.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

FORT SUMTER, May 31, 1862

Colonel W. R. CALHOUN, Commanding Fort Sumter:

COLONEL: As we in this fort are placed in such an unpleasant and unfair position by the late actions of the citizens of Charleston as regards the loyalty of our men, I would most earnestly request you, if in your opinion you think it advisable, to apply for a transfer either to Virginia or the West.

The above is simply my application as an individual, but as my feelings have been greatly hurt at the imputations cast upon us, I earnestly desire to be removed. I think we are competent to take the field as infantry.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully,

F. H. HARLESTON,

Captain Company D, Regiment Artillery.

[Inclosure Numbers 7.]

FORT SUMTER, May 30, 1862.

Colonel W. R. CALHOUN, Commanding First Regiment South Carolina Arty.:

COLONEL: As there exists in Charleston such very strong sentiment

