
CHARLESTON, S. C., June 14, 1862.

Brigadier-General LAWTON:

Send to Captain Gibbon, ordnance officer here, 100,000 rounds of ammunition for smooth-bore muskets, caliber .69 principally, and what you can spare for Enfield rifles. Send it quickly as possible.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

COLUMBIA, S. C., June 14, 1862.

President DAVIS:

The following adopted by the Government and Council:

Resolved, That in the opinion of the Government and Council the utter want at this late date of proper and adequate arrangements for the successful defense of Charleston demands that another appeal should be made to the Confederate authorities for some change in the conduct of affairs.

Resolved, That the chief of the military department be requested to represent, in the name of the Governor and Council of South Carolina, to the President of the Confederate States, the Secretary of War, and General Lee the nature and extent of the difficulties which exist, and to urge upon the Confederate authorities the necessity of immediate and efficient action.

I write you a letter by mail, to which I beg your attention.

JAS. CHESNUT, JR.,

Chief of Military Department, South Carolina.

TALLAHASSEE, FLA., June 15, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Richmond, Va.:

Five Federal vessels reported inside the River Saint Mark's and one vessel coming over the bar. Have ordered the Seventh Regiment Florida Volunteers back to this place until I can ascertain the design of the enemy. Have also ordered Dunham's artillery and the First Special Battalion from the river. Will keep you advised.

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA., Numbers 79. Charleston, S. C., June 15, 1862.

* * * * *

Brigadier General N. G. Evans, Provisional Army of Confederate States, is hereby assigned to duty in First Division First Military District of Department South Carolina and Georgia. He will exercise the command thereof until further orders.

* * * * *

By order of Major-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

