
COLUMBIA, S. C., June 15, 1862.

President DAVIS:

I telegraphed you Beauregard's answer. He could not leave his army. I have heard not a word since, and every day is important at Charleston. I fear great confusion, and all may be lost. I mentioned Hardee and Van Dorn because I supposed you could spare no one from Virginia; but Huger, Magruder, or Longstreet would be of great service if immediately ordered.

F. W. PICKENS.

[Indorsement.]

General LEE:

The officer first named of your army from which one can be most immediately sent is General Huger. Can you spare him? If so, I would be glad to comply with the request.

J. D.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., June 15, 1862.

Gov. FRANCIS W. PICKENS, Columbia, S. C.:

GOVERNOR: It is proposed that you should be fully acquainted with the fact that the troops at my disposal for the defense of Charleston are inadequate for that purpose, should the enemy attack in large force either now or later in the season. In order that you may take measures to increase this force as far as practicable it is necessary that Sullivan's Island and Morris Island be occupied by at least one regiment of infantry. The approaches by John's Island are as important as that by James Island. On this last named island I have not at this moment to exceed 6,500 effective men, and yet the general health is as good as it was previous to the occupation of the island in force. One regiment and one battery of these 6,500 troops have been drawn from Savannah, one regiment from Hardeeville, and a regiment and battery from General Evans' district. One regiment is in reserve in the city, one on Sullivan's and one on Morris Island.

Including General Evans' district, therefore, and with the troops from Savannah and Hardeeville now here and those on Sullivan's and Morris Islands, there is not to exceed 10,000 effectives, if they even reach that number. Very few regiments have 600 men for duty; many far less.

In this state of the case I respectfully call upon you to furnish such aid in men and arms as may be within your power.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 15, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

I am very scarce of ammunition; want more powder.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

