
CHARLESTON, S. C., June 18, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War:

I am very much in want of good artillerists. Is it possible to send the officers and men of the Navy that have been engaged on the Mississippi since the naval vessels have been rendered useless?

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]

Respectfully referred to the Honorable Secretary of the Navy, with the request that he will extend such assistance to General Pemberton as he can.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]

The Navy greatly needs at this time 500 such men as General Pemberton wants, and we have not a man to spare.

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA., Numbers 82. Charleston, S. C., June 18, 1862.

* * * * *

VII. Under the direction of the major-general commanding, Brigadier General W. D. Smith is assigned to the command of the troops (artillery, cavalry, and infantry) now serving on James Island. Brigadier General S. R. Gist is assigned to the command of the troops east of James Island Creek. Colonel Johnson Hagood is relieved from duty with his regiment (First South Carolina Volunteers) and is assigned to the command of the troops west of James Island Creek. The engineer department will be under the exclusive control of the major-general commanding, unless when specially assigned for temporary service during the presence of the enemy on the island. Should any emergency arise requiring immediate action the senior officer present will exercise direct command, reporting at once by telegraph or courier to the major-general commanding.

By order of Major-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., June 19, 1862.

Gov. FRANCIS W. PICKENS, Columbia, S. C.:

On receipt of your dispatch [of 15th instant] communicating reply of General Beauregard, General Cooper was directed to proceed to Charleston, to make a thorough examination of the troops and the defenses and to confer fully with General Pemberton. Your subsequent dispatch, expressing a wish for the presence of either Generals Huger, Magruder, or Longstreet, has been received. Would it not be well for you to see General Cooper and afterwards communicate to me your views in relations to this last request?

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

