HEADQUARTERS, June 19, 1862.

Mr. PRESIDENT:

I have just received the dispatch from Governor Pickens. I think General Huger can be spared. The Secretary of War can have his orders issued.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

I have telegraphed to Governor Pickens, and will wait for further communication as to the within or for report from General Cooper.

J. D.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MILITARY DISTRICT,Adams Run, S. C., June 21, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that my scouts report the enemy to have left John's Island; that there are no troops of the enemy at Legareville. The enemy were observed landing on James Island on the 17th instant. There are this morning three large vessels at the mouth of the Wadmalaw.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS REGIMENT ARTILLERY,Fort Sumter, June 21, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that one of the enemy's gunboats came very near, in the main Ship Channel, and shelled Morris Island for a short time about 2 o'clock to-day.

The battery at Cummings Point did not reply, though the gunboat was within range. Although out of my command, I sent over to suggest that one or two guns on siege carriages be masked by the sand hills to-night, in order to prevent the boat from shelling the island. The troops are very much exposed, and the work on the island will be very much interfered with if the boats are allowed to come so near.

I do not deem it proper to waste the powder in this fort at extreme ranges for our heaviest guns.

If there is no ammunition at the battery I will supply it to-night.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. CALHOUN,

Colonel, Commanding.

COLUMBIA, S. C., Saturday, June 21, 1862.

To the PRESIDENT:

SIR: After making myself acquainted, as far as practicable, with the defenses of Charleston, both by the harbor and the various approaches by James Island, and having had frequent conference with General Pemberton on the various points under consideration, I became convinced, as well from my own observations as the information I was

