
its color line and in a few minutes thereafter moved forward, followed by two pieces of Captain Ransom's battery, Third U. S. Artillery.

About 4 a. m. the line was formed in the corn field on the east of your headquarters, awaiting orders. Shortly after a heavy artillery fire opened on the right and in the advance, upon which the column of which we formed a part was ordered forward. After filing through the woods I deployed the Ninety-seventh into line of battle, and advanced steadily across an open field to a hedge, in front of which was a deep swamp. This was crossed without delay, not, however, without being exposed to a severe fire of grape and shell from the enemy's batteries and fort. Taking a position behind another hedge I awaited further orders. We were next ordered to advance and support a small force of the One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, which was holding a ditch about 500 yards from the enemy's large fort. This position we occupied for about one-half hour. We were then ordered to file through an open country across a very deep and difficult morass and take up a position that would cover the retirement of the infantry that had been engaging the enemy's right. This was accomplished in good order. Skirmishers were thrown out into the woods on the left and around and beyond the houses on the right. This advanced position was maintained by the Ninety-seventh until the final order to retire, which was done in perfect order and in a deliberate manner, bringing up at the same time the rear of the whole division.

My regiment consisted of but six companies, two companies being on detached service and two others on picket and not drawn in.

The regiment, although exposed to showers of grape and canister and at one time to a converging fire from a battery on the left and the fort on the right, with a gunboat dropping shell around us, lost, I am happy to say, but one man, Gabriel Spence.* He was a member of the band, and was engaged in collecting the wounded, and is supposed to have been killed.

The officers and men of my command alike exhibited a praiseworthy coolness and courage. To mention the name of one would be doing injustice to the rest; each man did his duty.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY R. GUSS,

Colonel, Commanding Ninety-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

CHANNING CLAPP, First Lieutenant Mass. Cav. and A. A. A. G.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Thomas Welsh, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, First Division.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG, FIRST DIV., U. S. FORCES,James Island, S. C., June 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions from Brigadier-General Wright's headquarters, received last evening, the troops composing my command - consisting of six companies of the Forty-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, under command of Major JK. M. Kilborune; five companies of Colonel Serrell's Volunteer Engineers, under the command of Major Butts, and eight companies of the Seventy-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded by

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 51.

---------------

