
enabled to collect from various quarters, that General Pemberton was doing all that a zealous, active, and intelligent officer could do with the means placed at his command to defend the city against the approaches of the enemy, both by land and water. With this conviction on my mind I arrived in this city this morning and lost no time in seeking an interview with Governor Pickens, who exhibited to me your telegraphic dispatch to him of the 19th instant, wherein reference is made to the assignment of either Generals Magruder, Huger, or Longstreet to the command of this department. I have been made fully acquainted with His Excellency's views in reference to this change and the arguments he has presented in sustaining them, the chief of which is the want of confidence by the authorities and the people generally in the ability and capacity of the present incumbent. These, in my judgment, are sufficient of themselves to impair his usefulness, and I think it would not be doing justice to that officer to retain him in his present position against such a weight of opposition. It is therefore with much reluctance that I suggest the assignment of General Magruder to the command, or, what I presume would be more acceptable to General Pemberton, an exchange between him and General D. H. Hill, if the latter officer can be spared without injury to his present command. This exchange, however, I am inclined to think may not be made without some embarrassment to the service in Virginia; but as it is a suggestion of the Governor, who assures me that the assignment of General Hill will be entirely acceptable to the authorities here and will give general satisfaction, and as it will cast less reproach on General Pemberton than by adopting the other course, I can only suggest it for your consideration.

While I make the above suggestions, I desire to add that I have great confidence in the zeal and untiring efforts of General Pemberton to do all that lies in his power and the energy of his will to effect the object we so anxious hope for. I know that he feels-honestly feels-the weight of the responsibility which rests upon him, yet bears that responsibility with calmness and a determination to discharge his duty honestly and faithfully; but with such an opposition as constantly surrounds him it would be difficult for any commander situated as he is to effect much.

I have the honor to be, with perfect regard, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

[Adjutant and Inspector-General.]

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 22, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, C. S. A., Columbia, S. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: Judge Magrath read to me yesterday the letter he had proposed to you, at your suggestion, upon the subject of martial law in this city. I suppose he sent it off last night. I agreed in his views, but it struck me as he read that he had written rather diffusely. The whole upshot of the matter seems to me to be this: Martial law is appropriate to the government of a conquered or a hostile or a disloyal territory and people. Charleston is not within either of these classes. But there is another contingency where the application of martial law is appropriate: It is when a territory is occupied for immediate pressing military operations, such as the defense of a beleaguered city, as New Orleans in 1814, Richmond at this time. When ap-

