
plied on such occasions it should be to the full extent the exigency may seem to require-no further. Its application and the subjects of its operation should be from time to time enumerated as occasion may demand. In all other respects the municipal authority, the laws and their tribunals, should be left in full vigor. In brief, martial law is to be the exception. The municipal law is to continue to be the general rule, prevailing wherever not excepted. It is the reverse of this now in Charleston; I think very unwisely. Your mind will rapidly trace up the evil. The assumption by the military power of the administration of matters having nothing to do with, not interfering with, or influencing military operations, is assuming an unnecessary and unwise burden. The old laws and tribunals have been suspended at one brush in Charleston. New ones are to be supplied, or there are to be none not ask you if there is wisdom in this, any more than I would think of asking you if Charleston deserves to be considered disloyal or hostile. I know the present state of things did not originate with the Confederate authorities, and I beg you to believe that it did not arise from the wishes of the substantial or numerical power of the citizens of Charleston, nor has it ever been advised or countenanced by the judgment of such citizens as would naturally and appropriately be advised with on such an occasion.

There are some, perhaps many, reflecting men who think that besides the defense and safety of Charleston other purposes influenced the originators of the dishonor that is thus put upon her and her future history. The truth would appear, if it were worth while or proper to discuss it here, that the transfer of Charleston to exclusive military power was a mere move in State party politics, and to aid in the continuance of power the men in the State whom Charleston had just declared against with great unanimity. But this is wandering from my purpose.

I am, very truly and sincerely, your friend and obedient servant,

JAS. B. CAMPBELL.

Consolidated Morning Report of effective forces on James Island, commanded by General William Duncan Smith, for June 23.

 	 Total.	 Aggreg	 Aggreg	 Grand

Station.	 Troops.	 	 ate.	 ate.	 aggreg

 	 	 	 	 ate.

Secessionville,	 Infantry and	 1,283	 1,366

Colonel Colquitt	 artillery.

commanding.

East of James	 Lines.	 442	 466

Island Creek,

Brigadier-

General Gist

commanding.

 Infantry.	 3,529	 3,780

 Light	 345	 361

 artillery.

 Cavalry.	 99	 105

 	 	 	 6,078

West of James	 Fort	 263	 277

Island Creek,	 Pemberton.

Colonel De

Saussure

commanding.

 Lines.	 718	 761

 Infantry.	 1,260	 1,347

 Light	 60	 65

 artillery

 Cavalry.	 49	 51

 	 	 	 2,501

 	 	 	 	 8,579

Grand total.

-------

8,048

