HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., June 26, 1862.

Gov. FRANCIS W. PICKENS, Columbia, S. C.:

GOVERNOR: Mr. F. J. Porcher is bearer of certain papers relating to harbor obstructions, which I desire to lay before Your Excellency and the Executive Council for consideration. It is useless to undertake this work unless an ample supply of labor is sent here. So far from being able to furnish it from what is now at my disposal, the force laboring here on the many indispensable works is entirely inadequate. If you expect the city to be saved my requisition for negroes must be promptly met. I find myself now compelled to undertake many works which ought not to have been left for me to do. I may have to call upon the Charleston and Savannah Railroad Company to suspend the work upon the railroad bridge. This I shall greatly regret, but it should have been completed months ago.

You are aware that I have a small number of troops for the defense of this city and Savannah. It is therefore the more necessary to supply the deficiency by strong artificial defenses. As for the abandonment of Cole's Island, if I am properly supported I believe it will yet prove to be the safety of the city. Had I the number of troops at my disposal now which I had when that measures was adopted we might defy the United States Army.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE CAPE FEAR,Wilmington, N. C., June 26, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I received late last night your dispatch to send to Charleston six Dahlgren guns or columbiads. I have no Dahlgrens and only eight columbiads. Five of the latter are in Fort Fisher in casemate, from which work to remove them would be risking the loss of that place in case of an attack, because they are the best guns in position.

Considering the armament of all my works is very light, I have sent none there. It is as painful to me not to send them as to run the risk of so weakening my defenses here. My guns are so light that I am now preparing to rifle and band them as far as possible here in the city. I feel sure if you could examine the forts you would not have me remove the guns required. I sent you a dispatch this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. FRENCH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS BATTALION,McClellanville, S. C., June 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General SMITH:

DEAR SIR: I take this opportunity of informing you of the movements of the enemy on South Santee River. Tuesday night, the 24th instant, the enemy made their appearance at the mouth of South Santee River, with two steamers, one sloop and one tug-boat, at which time I ordered Captain Thomas Pinckney with his cavalry company and a detachment of Captain Gaillard's light artillery to Mr. Blake's plantation, on the said river.

