
protect the whole coast. If it is attempted to put guns in position at Cole's and Battery Islands and at Georgetown they will be lost.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

COLUMBIA, S. C., July 5, 1862.

Major-General PEMBERTON:

Your telegram of yesterday is received. General De Saussure goes immediately to call out the militia; but none, if any, can reach there before to-morrow (Sunday) night. The rifle guns at Florence have been removed to Wilmington some time since by order of the Confederate Government, and are now in General French's hands. General D. requests you to send a section of a light battery to meet him at Gourdin's Station as soon as you can. We have no guns that can be gotten there in time. He will telegraph you from Florence to-night.

W. W. HARLLEE.
HEADQUARTERS,James Island, July 5, 1862.

Major J.. R. WADDY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of S. C. and Ga., Charleston:

MAJOR: Upon receiving the major-general's telegram last evening I immediately sought of Brigadier-General Gist a description of "the operation" anticipated by the general's dispatch. After a consultation General Gist proposed to postpone the demonstration for the reasons stated in my telegram to General Pemberton last evening, which proposition met with my full concurrence.

We, General Gist and myself, made a thorough reconnaissance of several hours to-day, and found that the enemy had massed himself on Battery Island and below and had withdrawn his pickets to his immediate vicinity. Several large gunboats (one the Pawnee) were lying in the Stono, flanking their position immediately, and one in the creek which makes into Folly River. We found that no expedition could be planned which promised any results such as General Gist hoped for yesterday. Consequently we will not want the cavalry for the purpose designed last evening. I am very anxious, however, for another company of mounted men on the island, and would now respectfully apply for them.

I remain, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. DUNCAN SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,

Charleston, S. C., July 6, 1862.'

Colonel W. R. CALHOUN,

Commanding Fort Sumter, Charleston Harbor:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward to you a true copy of a dispatch just received from Brigadier-General Gist to Brigadier-General Smith, the latter of whom wishes you to communicate with Colonel

