
Graham, commanding on Morris Island, and endeavor, if practicable, to send out about three good reliable men to visit Folly Island and obtain the desired information. I would at the same time mention that General Pemberton is now absent on an official visit up the country and General Smith is now commanding this district.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

JAMES ISLAND, S. C., July 6, 1862.

General W. D. SMITH:

Twenty-four sail in Stono and Inlet and some large steamers. A scout on Folly Island sent from Morris Island might find out to-morrow what they are doing; something going on.

S. R. GIST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 6, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

It is quite evident from reports made that the enemy is leaving James Island and going northward.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Near Santee River, July 8, 1862.

Captain WERNER, German Artillery:

The major-general commanding directs that you have your command in readiness to remove to the south side of the Santee. The necessary transportation by railroad will be ordered as soon as practicable. You will then take such position as will be most advantageous, within short reach of the river, that the field artillery may be as effective as possible, and such position as cannot be easily flanked by infantry, and with advantages the same as near the railroad bridge as possible for the convenience of supplies. You will sink your battery for its protection, and make requisition on the quartermaster's and commissary departments for your requirements.

J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA., Numbers 101. Charleston, S. C., July 8, 1862.

* * * * *

V. Brigadier General W. D. Smith, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, is hereby assigned to command of the First Military District. He will immediately make the proper distribution of the troops within the limits of his district. Brigadier General S. R. Gist, Provisional Army of

