
the Confederate States, will remain on James Island, and will, under the direction of Brigadier-General Smith, have command of that island and the troops serving thereon.

* * * * * *

By order of Major-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, [FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT], Numbers 2. July 8, 1862.

By direction of the major-general commanding the following changes will be made in the position of troops in this military district:

I. Colonel Stevens' Twenty-fourth South Carolina Volunteers and Slaughter's Fifty-first Georgia will relieve Colquitt's Forty-sixth Georgia at Secessionville, of which position Colonel Stevens will take command. Upon being relieved Colquitt's regiment will take post at Charleston City Battery.

II. Gadberry's Eighteenth and Goodlett's Twenty-second South Carolina and Captain Boyce's field battery will take post at Fort Johnson, of which post Colonel Gadberry will take command.

III. Benbow's Twenty-third Regiment South Carolina Volunteers will take post east of James Island Creek, on high ground in the vicinity of Dill's Bluff.

IV. Simonton's Eutaw Battalion will relieve De Saussure's Fifteenth South Carolina, which, upon being relieved, will proceed to Citadel Green, Charleston, and there encamp.

V. James' South Carolina Battalion will proceed to Summerville, S. C., and there take post. Lieutenant-Colonel James will make requisition upon the quartermaster's department for the necessary transportation.

VI. The Charleston Battalion will encamp near Saint Stephen's Railroad Station.

By order of Brigadier General William Duncan Smith:

MALLORY P. KING,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., July 9, 1862.

Major-General PEMBERTON:

My telegram of the 5th was by direction of the President. Yours in reply was submitted to him. Since your dispatch of the 6th, that it "is evident from reports the enemy is leaving James Island and going northward," the President decides that this information justifies the movement already directed. He therefore desires that you carry out the instructions in my dispatch of the 5th as early as possible. Major General G. W. Smith will probably relieve you in command of your present department.

Let me know the strength of your effective force.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

