
by the adjutant and inspector general, by the direction of the President of the Confederate States, to occupy Cole's and Battery Islands and Georgetown, and to construct the proper works, placing in each a sufficient number of heavy guns to prevent the entrance of marauding vessels, directs you to designates some officer to carry out these instructions. You will also state the number of men required, the kind of guns to be used, their caliber, &amp;c., and from what points the guns should be taken, selecting your guns from those already in position or otherwise within the limits of your military district, which extends from the North Carolina boundary to the Stono River.

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 12, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.:

Shall I go on the Richmond at once? Any troops to be moved can follow me.

Very respectfully,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,McPhersonville, July 12, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY:

MAJOR: I have the honor to request a small increase of the infantry and artillery force in this district. I would suggest a section of a battery and two companies of infantry with Major Jeffords' command at Chisolmville; a section of artillery and two companies of infantry to Major Stokes' command at Grahamville; five companies of infantry at this point. This is the smallest force, in my opinion, compatible with the security of the road.

I have felt ever since I assumed the command of this district the inadequacy of the force for the purpose of defending the railroad; but for the time I knew that every garrison must be reduced to the minimum on account of the pressure at Charleston and Richmond.

The present indications are that when the enemy next commence operations against Charleston they will first try and cut the railroad, and the most available point from which to land and move a strong column is Port Royal Ferry.

The re-enforcements have never yet arrived in time to have prevented a column of 3,000 men, boldly and rapidly led, from destroying the road.

I beg most respectfully, as the increase asked for is but small, that it be taken from corps well disciplined and commanded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[W. S. WALKER,

Colonel.]

