
RICHMOND, VA., July 13, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON, Charleston, S. C.:

Do not proceed to this place until you receive further orders. General G. W. Smith reports himself unfit for duty.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., July 15 [13], 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: It is deemed necessary for ultimate operations in this quarter, which are daily becoming more and more important, that the army for the defense of Richmond should be speedily re-enforced. The President therefore desires that you hasten forward such regiments and brigades of your command as you may be enabled to spare. In consideration of the present season, when sickness most prevails on the Southern coast and when the enemy would be least likely to carry on active operations in that quarter, the President, after due reflection, has arrived at the conclusion that you might safely dispense with at least more than one-half of your effective force. In sending forward this force he desires that you will place it under the command of Brigadier-General Drayton and Evans, and retain for the command of the troops on James Island and the coast of South Carolina generally Brigadier-General Gist and Hagood at such positions as your judgment may indicate. I desire impress upon you the importance of this movement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA,Charleston, July 15, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of South Carolina and Georgia:

MAJOR: In accordance with my request to the major-general commanding of July 11, 1862, for the detail of an engineer officer of experience, who might reconnoiter Cole's and Battery Islands, Captain Echols reported to me on the 13th instant. He was instructed through Special Orders, Numbers 16, from these headquarters, of date July 12, 1862, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. I have the honor to forward a copy of the report of his reconnaissance, which he has submitted. Deeming that this report may change or modify the major-general's directions to me of July 11, 1862, I await further instructions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. DUNCAN SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DIST. OF S. C. Numbers 16. Charleston, July 12, 1862.

Captain W. H. Echols, Engineers, C. S. Army, having reported at these

