
headquarters by department orders for reconnoitering duty, will immediately proceed to James Island, South Carolina, in order to make a reconnaissance from there of Cole's and Battery Island, for the purpose of constructing works upon those islands proper for preventing the entrance of marauding vessels into Stono and Folly Rivers. He will as soon as possible report to these headquarters the character of works required and their location, the number and kind of guns to be used, their caliber, &amp;c. He will apply to General S. R. Gist, commanding James Island, for all the facilities necessary for the carrying out of the above, and will avail himself of General Gist's experience and knowledge of all the localities designated.

By order of Brigadier General William Duncan Smith:

MALLORY P. KING,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Charleston, S. C., July 14, 1862.

Captain MALLORY P. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have complied with instructions in Special Orders, Numbers 16, from Headquarters First Military District of South Carolina, July 12, directing me immediately to "proceed to James Island, South Carolina, in order to make a reconnaissance from there of Cole's and Battery Island, for the purpose of constructing works upon those islands proper for preventing the entrance of marauding vessels into Stono and Folly Rivers, and as soon as possible report to headquarters the character of works required and their location, the number of men required, and the number and kind of guns to be used, their caliber, &c." * * *

I have the honor to report that the reoccupation of either of the islands is impracticable; that the communications (bridges, &c.) to them are completely destroyed and cannot be reconstructed, as they, as well as the islands themselves, are perfectly under the control of the enemy's gunboats lying immediately at the islands.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. ECHOLS,

Captain and Engineer.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 17, 1862.

Brigadier-General EVANS, Adams Run, S. C.:

You will proceed at once to Richmond, Va., in command of Means' Regiment, Seventeenth South Carolina Volunteers, Holcombe Legion, Benbow's Twenty-third Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Gadberry's Eighteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Leake's Virginia Battery, Boyce's South Carolina battery. A portion of your troops will move via Charlotte, N. C.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 17, 1862.

Brigadier-General DRAYTON, Hardeeville, S. C.:

You will proceed at once to Richmond, Va., in command of Phillips'

