
On the 20th, probably, Phillips' Legion and Manning's regiment, via Savannah and Branchville.

On the 21st, probably, Holcombe Legion from here.

Major Hampton's four companies of cavalry as soon as their places can be supplied on James Island. The troops are pushed on as fast as transportation can be furnished. Have ordered no others.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

BLADEN SPRINGS, ALA., July 25, 1862.

Brigadier General GUSTAVUS W. SMITH, Charleston, S. C.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: As it is probable the enemy will ere long concentrate all their available means for the attack of Charleston, I think it would be well to make timely preparations (if not already made) against the plan they are likely to adopt. As soon as their monitors are ready they will endeavor to pass with them Forts Sumter and Moultrie; hence you must so stop up with piles, rafts, &amp;c., the channel between these two works as will prevent any such attempt. Then they will endeavor to take Cummings Point and Fort Johnston-to establish batteries of heavy rifled guns there to batter down the gorge of Fort Sumter, whose large magazine is directly exposed to Fort Johnston; hence you must guard against such attempts by the construction of proper work on said points. The two cuts or creeks leading into Ashley River from the Stono must be thoroughly obstructed from the passage of light-draught monitors or gunboats. Those obstructions must be properly protected by a few heavy guns in position and some rifle pits. The bridge across Ashley River must be protected by a strong tete-de-pont. A little in advance of that extremity of the bridge is a fine position for a short defensive line. Colonel Hatch will show you the one I thought of adopting. I will remark here that where said lines are long I prefer strong detached works, such as redoubts or lunettes, with closed gorges. A balloon would be of much assistance to you in the defense of the line from Charleston to Savannah. It could be made to travel along the railroad.

I hope you will excuse these suggestions, which probably have already occurred to you, but I feel such an interest in your success and the defense of Charleston and its vicinity that I could not resist the desire of writing to you on the subject.

* * * * *

I remain, sincerely, yours,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., July 26, 1862.

Honorable JAMES CHESNUT, Jr.,

Chief of Department of Military:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to return the letter of Dr. F. L. Parker, of Georgetown, to Honorable I. W. Hayne,* which letter was by the Governor and Executive Council referred to me and by me submitted

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

