
Secessionville to James Island Creek, and inside of the line is a system of lunette redoubts flanking each other. Secessionville, from its position, constitutes an advanced work on the left of this line, and being surrounded by marshes, may as against a land attack be called inclosed. A heavy line is thrown across the neck leading to the village and heavy guns are in position. The full credit of this work at Secessionville is due to Colonel L. M. Hatch, as he adopted it. The lines upon James Island are generally considered very strong-impregnable, it is said. It may be presumption in one to express a contrary opinion, but I cannot regard them as formidable against a strong and brave foe. For the greater part they are little more than heavy breastworks, which may give confidence to raw troops, but as they cover a great extent, and run through a country nearly the whole of which is a natural road, masses may be thrown upon any particular point, and the works are not strong enough to resist such an attack. The Secessionville work, upon the contrary, is strong, but it was only saved by the obstinate courage of the 600 men who defended it. Had Secessionville been taken I believe the whole eastern line would have fallen in forty-eight hours.

Piles, rafts, and booms are being driven and stretched across the harbor in such positions as to expose the attacking fleet to a concentrated fire. Two heavily iron-clad gunboats, driven by steam, will probably be completed during the course of the next month.

By all these details I have trespassed, dear sir, upon your time and patience. Your question, however, invited an answer, and I h ave entered into details which your familiarity with the locations will probable make interesting to you.

I had hoped to be in the field defending these works; for long anticipating a war, I had endeavored to familiarize myself with the features of the country. My brigade, however, being only a militia one-but I do not fear to say fully as well drilled and equipped as most of those in service-was pulled to pieces and I am left to chafe in a bureau.

With the expression of my high respect and regard, I am, dear sir, very sincerely, your obedient servant,

WILMOT G. DE SAUSSURE,

Adjutant and Inspector-General South Carolina.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., August 15, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I respectfully recommend that martial law be dispensed with in the State of South Carolina, except on the islands adjacent to the city of Charleston and for a distance of 1 mile around the military encampments without the limits of said city.

Very respectfully,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., August 15, 1862.

His Excellency FRANCIX W. PICKENS:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I have this day recom

