
mings Point I found that there was no management of the negroes in the practical execution of the works, and I appointed Colonel Lamar and Colonel Dearing (now on General Gist's staff) for the special purpose of superintending the working of the negroes, &amp;c. I know of no two men in the State who are theire equals in the business, and if you were to publish an order assigning them to the same position again I most respectfully suggest that you would derive great aid from them, and the public service in this particular would be advanced to your entire satisfaction.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. PICKENS.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA., Numbers 48. Charleston, S. C., August 19, 1862.

By direction of the President of the Confederate States martial law will be suspended on and after this date in that part of the State of South Carolina over which it was established by virtue of his proclamation, as embodied in General Orders, Numbers 33, from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, dated May 1, 1862, except on the islands adjacent to the city of Charleston and in military camps without the limits of said city and 1 mile around said camps, where it continues to exist as established in the aforesaid proclamation.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS,WAR DEPT., ADJT. AND INSP. GEN'S. OFF., Numbers 60. Richmond, August 21, 1862.

I. Whereas Major-General Hunter, recently in command of the enemy's forces on the coast of South Carolina, and Brigadier-General Phelps, a military commander of the enemy in the State of Louisiana, have organized and armed negro slaves for military service against their masters, citizens of this Confederacy; and whereas the Government of the United States has refused to answer an inquiry whether said conduct no other means of repressing said crimes and outrages than the adoption of such measures of retaliation as shall serve to prevent their repetition:

Ordered, That Major-General Hunter and Brigadier-General Phelps be no longer held and treated as public enemies of the Confederate States, but as outlaws; and that in the event of the capture of either of them, or that of any other commissioned officer employed in drilling, organizing, or instructing slaves, with a view to their armed service in this war, he shall not be regarded as a prisoner of war, but held in close confinement for execution as a felon at such time and place as the President shall order.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

