HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Savannah, Ga., August 25, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Mercer, commanding this military district, informs me the Honorable Secretary of War has instructed him to send Colonel Brown's Fifty-ninth Regiment Georgia Volunteers to Virginia so soon as its services as a guard over the prisoners of war in confinement at Macon are no longer needed. I beg respectfully to call the attention of the Secretary to the fact that I have not been notified of this contemplated movement, and that I only incidentally learned it in conversation with General Mercer. In a department constituted like this of South Carolina and Georgia, where the important cities of each State are mutually dependent for support and assistance, it ceases to be a question of mere etiquette and military usage, but may be of vital interest that orders affecting the disposition of troops be passed through my headquarters. In the case referred to I trust the movement will not be required unless it be considered an absolute necessity. It is not improbable, and by no means impossible, that the enemy, aware of the small force at my disposal, may endeavor to retrieve his ill-fortune on this coast by a sudden movement with all his troops upon one of the two cities. Colonel Brown's regiment and Major Rylander's battalion, although guarding prisoners at Macon, are as much relied upon for the defense of Savannah as if on duty on the line of entrenchments about this city.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., August 28, 1862.

ALFRED F. RAVENEL,

President of the Northeastern Railroad Company:

DEAR SIR: You must be fully aware of the importance of completing the obstructions between Fort Sumter and Sullivan's Island before the enemy is prepared with his iron-clad boats to attempt to force a passage. I have good reason to believe that if I succeed in laying these obstructions, covered as they will be by my heavy batteries, he will either be deterred from making the attempt or be foiled should he make it. Without these obstructions I have little doubt he will at least try to run the gauntlet of our batteries, and it is by no means improbable he will succeed. We have now in readiness nearly, if not quite, sufficient chain to cross the channel twice. Heretofore the progress of the work has been delayed-almost defeated-for want of the necessary labor, which I have in vain endeavored to procure. There is now, however, a reasonable prospect that it will be furnished.

I now, sir, come to the point with you. Equally necessary to the completion of this indispensable work is the supply of timber for the construction of the floats. This cannot be delivered in time without the full and cordial co-operation of your road. It is mainly on your route that the proper timber is to be obtained. Large quantities, I am officially informed, are now cut and lying by the road-side awaiting transportation. Much larger quantities still will be required. I therefore ask you, sir, to give your country all the assistance in your power. You cannot

