
RICHMOND, VA., September 23, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Charleston, S. C.:

Send Captain J. H. Brooks' company of Rangers to Richmond, Va., unless it is required on the coast.

By order of the Secretary or War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, September 23, 1862.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER,

Savannah, Ga.:

Colonel Anderson thinks it important to have a permanent artillery organization for the defense of Savannah. If you concur with him you may convert unattached infantry companies, with their consent, into heavy artillery, or unattached companies may with their own consent and that of their colonels be detached and converted into artillery, and their placed in the infantry regiment supplied by new companies or by conscripts, or you may organize the existing heavy artillery companies into a battalion, fill the companies to their maximum, and organize new companies from the excess above the minimum. The minimum of an artillery company is 70 and the maximum 150 privates. Nominate field officers for the battalion when organized. A regimental organization for heavy artillery is not convenient; two battalions will be better.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

CHARLESTON, S. C., September 23, 1862.

General PEMBERTON:

In view of your exact knowledge of the requirements of the department I have to request that you will furnish me before leaving with an estimate of the minimum forces of all arms which you may regard as essential for a successful defense of:

1st. Charleston and its dependencies;

2nd. The District of South Carolina;

3rd. Savannah and its dependencies;

4th. The District of Georgia.

You will also oblige me by having prepared a statement showing the present location of all the troops of different arms in the whole department.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

[G. T. BEAUREGARD.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, September 24, 1862.

I assume command of the department pursuant to paragraph XV, Special Orders, No. 202, Adjutant and Inspector GEneral's Office, Richmond, August 29, 1862.

All existing orders will remain in force until otherwise directed from these headquarters.

