
somewhat intermingled, and it was simply a necessity to disentangle and reform them. Not a fugitive did I observe passing from the battle-field. The battery which had been temporarily withdrawn to the road was again advanced to the hedge and opened a destructive fire upon the enemy. Of my entire command all were thus advanced except the Twenty-eighth Massachusetts, which had withdrawn,, nd now occupied a position enabling them clearly to discern the effect of our fire, and were prepared and eager to be led to the assault. the flank movement of Williams was having a very marked effect. I sent work to Brigadier-General Benham, commanding the forces, through his staff officer, Captain Elwell, that my troops were in line of battle, my guns in position at the hedge, and that I was preparing to move upon the enemy's works.

At this stage of the action Williams' troops were withdrawn, and I learned from staff officers who reported to General Benham in person that they were withdrawn by his orders. I still maintained my advanced position, nor did I withdraw a regiment till, by the orders of General Benham, Williams had been entirely withdrawn, and every regiment of Wright's except the Ninety-seventh had passed to the rear of the road, and until I received his positive orders to that effect. My troops were then withdrawn in good order and were returned to their several encampments.

I must express my profound sense of the intrepid bearing and soldierly conduct of my brigade commanders, Colonels Leasure and Fenton, who did everything that commanders could do to lead their respective brigades to the attack, and it is mainly due to their exertions that their line of battle was maintained throughout the action. Colonel Fenton left a sick bed to command his brigade, and the bold, well-sustained charge of the Eighth Michigan Regiment was made under his direction, as was that of the Seventy-ninth Highlanders, led by Morrison, under the direction of Colonel Leasure. All which these officers have to say in commendation of their staff I know from personal observation to be their simple due.

To my own staff I am under the greatest obligations, and it is owing to the great harmony and concert of action between myself and brigade and regimental commanders and their respective staffs that exact information was had in regard to the field, and that the command was not longer exposed, without purpose, to a destructive fire. My assistant adjutant-general, Captain Hazard Stevens, was in all parts of the field, and that the command was not longer exposed, without purpose, to a destructive fire. My assistant adjutant-general, Captain Hazard Stevens, was in all parts of the field, carrying my orders and bringing me information to the great exposure of his life, as was my aide, Captain William T. Lusk, Seventy-ninth Highlanders, and my acting aide, Lieutenant O. M. Dearborn, Third New Hampshire Volunteers, volunteered his most acceptable services at the other pickets and served on my staff throughout the action. He communicated with me and Leasure's brigade, and I call attention to his services, so conspicuous for their gallantry, and to the mention made of him in Colonel Leasure's report. My signal officers, Lieutenants Tafft and Howard, are worthy of Honorable mention. Lieutenant Tafft took his station in an advanced and exposed part of the field, kept constantly in communication with Lieutenant Howard at the gunboats and Lieutenant E. H. Hickok, Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania, at the battery, and was perfectly efficient and self-possessed under the

