HDQRS. PROV. FORCES, DEPT. OF EAST AND MID. FLA.,Tallahassee, September 29, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

GENERAL: As the winter approaches more troops will be required in this department. I have now but nine companies of infantry, five companies of Partisan Rangers, one regiment of cavalry, and two companies of light artillery in service.

The troops are stationed from Tampa Bay to Saint Andrew's Bay on the Gulf, and from Fernandina to Saint John's River on the Atlantic, covering exposed points on the coast.

There are not enough of troops at any one point to prevent invasion by even a moderate force. During the summer months no apprehension of invasion was entertained; but as the winter approaches we may expect incursions upon our coasts, and perhaps a penetration into the country for purposes of plunder, if not to make a permanent lodgment for purpose of subjugation.

More troops will be needed in this neighborhood to prevent a sudden raid upon the capital, and more will be needed on the Saint John's River to support the batteries now holding the enemy in check.

We have recovered within two or three weeks a river navigable for some 200 miles, which has heretofore been in full possession of the enemy.

I have the honor respectfully to request that two regiments of infantry be ordered to report for duty in this department as soon as they can possibly be spared from other points.

I have the honor to be, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., September 30, 1862.

Captain W. H. ECHOLS,

Chief Engineer:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding directs that you take immediate measures to have the following works constructed, namely: Such traverses in Forts Sumter and Moultrie as the commanding officers thereof may severally determine after consultation with the chief engineer and chief of artillery.

Brick traverse and closing of the necessary embrasure for the thorough protection of the condenser at Fort Sumter.

Forts Sumter and Moultrie will be supplied with sufficient palmetto logs and sand bags for possible contingent purposes.

Respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., September 30, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: In view of the probable inefficiency of the boom to prevent

