
of date of 30th ultimo from Dr. J. R. Cheves, in charge of outer obstructions:

In consequence of the great deficiency of iron, and the large demand for iron in mooring the boom, it is proposed, at the suggestion of His Excellency Governor Pickens, to use granite rocks of three or four tons' weight, there being much of this at Columbia, and the transportation of the same being represented to me as quite practicable.

It is the wish of the general commanding to be informed of your views as to the feasibility at this time of getting the granite here and in position.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., October 2, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Should the Ordnance Department be otherwise unable to furnish me with the heavy guns essential for the proper armament of the defensive works in Charleston Harbor, I beg leave to suggest that some of those now in position at Oven Bluff, on the Tombigbee River, and at Choctaw Bluff, on the Alabama River, may be prudently removed and sent here, unless they shall be necessary for the immediate defense of Mobile Bay. They cannot be required in their present positions until those rivers shall have been again swollen-that is, in the latter part of the coming winter or early part of the following spring, by which time other guns may be provided in their stead.

I cannot place before the War Department in too strong language the vital importance-if this harbor is to be retained to us-of increasing the armament of heavy guns to the greatest possible extent as soon as practicable in all possible ways.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., October 2, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

I would be pleased to have General Ripley assigned to my command for defense of Charleston.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., October 3, 1862.

General BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

General Finegan telegraphs from Lake City, Fla., that 3,000 Federals are landing at Mayport Mills, at the mouth of the Saint John's River. He has repulsed three naval attacks on the batteries at Saint John's Bluff, 18 or 20 miles from Mayport, but is not strong enough to resist the threatened land attack. He says that two regiments of infantry from the coast of Georgia sent to him for a few days will save the Saint

