
John's River and perhaps East Florida. Send the assistance required as speedily as possible.

Answer by telegraph.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

CHARLESTON, S. C., October 3, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH:

Two regiments ordered to General Finegan will be sent from Georgia, the War Department assuming the responsibility of detaching them at this time from Georgia, where the troops are already prostrated by disease, as General Mercer reports.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., October 3, 1862.

Captain W. H. ECHOLS,

Chief Engineer, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: You will order Captain F. D. Lee, of the Engineers, to advise with Dr. Cheves as to the best method of modifying the construction of the floating boom, so as to dispense with the railroad iron bars suspended from the timber floats, and to connect the latter directly with the iron links or chain. This system of construction to be used as soon as found practicable.

It would be of great advantage to have the wooden sections of the boom to present their side angle to the force of the current. You will continue to throw debris around Fort Ripley until its foundations shall be covered to about 1 foot above high-water mark, with a boom of 20 feet alongside of that work, and from thence with a natural slope to the bottom of the bay. You will have laid a telegraphic wire from the battery on the Stono near Church Flats to Rantowles Station, where an operator will have to be located.

I am informed that a part of the telegraphic wire required can be obtained from James Island, where it is not now in use.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., October 3, 1862.

Gov. FRANCIS W. PICKENS,

South Carolina:

DEAR SIR: To be properly prepared for any emergency it is my opinion that there should be a timely, that is immediate, preparation, at one or more places outside of the limits of this city, of buildings and sheds and of provision depots for the reception of the women and children in the event of a bombardment.

As I understand it is the wish of all, people, and Government, that the city shall be defended to the last extremity; hence I desire to be in all respects ready to make its defense equal to that of Saragossa. To that end I ask your co-operation in providing proper and ample places

