
the inner labor gunboats may lay within 600 yards of city face of Fort Sumter exposed to fire of about fifteen guns. The magazines would be unsafe as now situated, or until counter-fort shall have been extended sufficiently along city face.

11th. If iron-clads pass the forts and batteries at the gorge, or throat, of harbor then the guns at Forts Ripley and Johnson and Castle Pinckney would be of no avail to check them. In consequence of the exposed condition of the foundations of Fort Ripley and the general weakness of Castle Pinckney it would not be advisable to diminish the armament of the exterior works to arm them, and this necessarily decides that Fort Johnson cannot be armed at the expense of the works covering throat of harbor. Fort Johnson must be held, however, to prevent the possibility of being carried by the enemy by land attack and the establishment there of breaching batteries against Fort Sumter. The batteries at White Point Garden, Half Moon, and Lawton's and McLeond's Batteries for the same reasons cannot be prudently armed at present with heavy guns.

12th. The line of pilings near Fort Ripley is of no service and is rapidly falling to pieces.

13th. The city could not be saved from bombardment by any number of batteries along the city fronts if the enemy reach the interior harbor with iron-clads. It can then only be defended by infantry against landing of troops.

14th. We have no resources at present for the construction of efficient obstructions at the mouths of or in the Ashley and Cooper Rivers, and we have no guns disposable for the armament of interior harbor defenses.

15th. Should gunboats effect a lodgment in the harbor and in the Stono the troops and armament on James Island may be withdrawn, especially after the construction of a bridge and road across James Island Creek, about midway the island, near Holmes' house. From the western, part can be withdrawn under cover of Fort Pemberton. McLeod's Battery is intended to protect the mouth of Wappoo Creek, and Lawton's Battery the mouth of James Island Creek, when armed.

16th. With the harbor in the hands of the enemy the city could still be held an infantry force by the erection of strong barricades and with an arrangement of traverses in the streets. The line of works on the Neck could also be held against a naval and land attack by the construction of frequent and long traverses. The approached position might have been better, though also protected by the woods, but so much has been done that it best to retain the line, remedying the defects by long and numerous traverses.

Two iron-clad gunboats, carrying four guns each, will be ready for service in two weeks as an important auxiliary to the works defending all parts of the harbor, and in that connection it will be important to secure for them a harbor of refuge and a general depot up the Cooper River as soon as the guns for its protection can be secured.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

D. N. INGRAHAM,

Commodore, Commanding C. S. Naval Forces, Charleston Harbor.

