
12-pounders and two 24-pounders. The position is strong, commanding the roads from Savannah and Church Flats, on the Stono River, 3 miles distant, where there is another battery, one of three guns-two 32-pounders and one 12-pounder rifled-to command an obstruction and prevent a landing from John's Island, as well as the passage by water up Church Flats; in which case the troops at Adams Run (9 or 10 miles distant), a central and healthy point, would have to support that battery or fall back on the one at Rantowles Station. The right flank of the latter should be extended or a detached redan constructed toward the marshes in the direction of Wallace's, where there is another battery of one 32-pounder and one rifled 6-pounder, occupying a strong isolated position, to flank Rantowles Battery and to cover the two bridges across Rantowles Creek, a branch of the Stono, below Church Flats.

The Stono River must, however, be examined from the latter point to the Wappoo Cut to determine if there are any landing places whence the works at the Overflow can be turned.

At the Overflow are two inclosed field works, about 5 miles distant from Charleston, which command the road from Savannah to Long or New Bridge across the Ashley River. These works are well located, provided they cannot be turned on the right or left from the direction of the Wappoo, which will be investigated. They are as yet unarmed, it is to be noted.

On the 21st September, accompanied as just stated, and by Brigadier-General Mercer, district commander, I inspected the defenses of Savannah. Those works are incomplete, but are under rapid progress. The works on the river, I am informed, Fort Boggs excepted, are finished; the battery of that work, sixteen guns, is however in position.

The line of lunettes and the redans around the city may be said to be about half finished.

These works are rather close to each other and of an unnecessarily strong profile. Some 1,400 negroes are now employed on them. The obstructions-piling and crib work, filled in with stone and brick-about 1 mile below Fort Jackson and its batteries, were to be completed within a fortnight from the time of my inspection. These obstructions, I think, must form a thorough barrier to navigation; they should, however, be closely guarded and kept in careful repair in view of the effect of the current on the river bottom between the cribs. The outer line of defenses, consisting of detached works or batteries at Thunderbolt and other points, I did not visit for want of time, but I am informed by General Pemberton that they ar finished, well armed with heavy guns, and with proper garrisons cannot be taken by the enemy if obstinately defended. From their advantageous position they cannot be turned; and my predecessor in command places great reliance on them. An additional work at Coffee Bluff, on the Ogeechee River, in the opinion of the chief engineer of the Georgia District, Captain McCrady, ought to be constructed. This must be determined hereafter. Upon the whole, I consider Savannah thoroughly defended from any naval attack, and when its lines of land defenses shall be finished, with a garrison of about 15,000 men, may be regarded as impregnable, unless the enemy shall mass against it an overwhelming force, which it is not probable they will ever attempt, as the results, if favorable, would not compensate for the expense and trouble. Having returned to this city and assumed command of the department on the 24th ultimo, accompanied by Colonel Gonzales, I inspected the line of works on the Neck, constructed to defend the city of Charleston from

