
a land attack from the north. It is a continuous bastion line, of strong profile, and elaborately built but badly located, not being, in my opinion, well adapted to the ground. It is commanded to a certain extent by woods in front, and can be enfiladed and taken in reverse by gunboats in the Cooper and Ashley, particularly the latter. No traverses have been made; these are absolutely necessary, but even then this line could scarcely be held successfully against a fleet of gunboats in the rivers.

The two batteries at the Half-Moon Battery, as yet incomplete, are intended, one for five and the other for three guns, each to command Cooper River and Town Creek, but the distance to the former is too great. A much better position could have been found, in my opinion, on the opposite side of the river, at Hobcaw Bluffs, but obstructions most difficult to be made, if not impracticable, are also necessary for an effective defense. The profiles of the parapet of these batteries is too great, especially that of the former. Adaption of means to the end had not always been consulted in the works around this city and Savannah, and much unnecessary work has been bestowed on many of them. They who, however, great energy and industry in the officers who have executed them.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF EAST AND MIDDLE FLA., No. 1256. Lake City, October 10, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel Mitchell will move with the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Georgia Regiments under his command with all possible dispatch to Savannah and report to Brigadier-General Mercer for duty. The quartermaster will furnish transportation via Monticello. In consequence of the limited transportation on the Central Railroad Lieutenant-Colonel Mitchell will move part of his command by this afternoon's train to Lake City and the balance by to-morrow's train, when a train will be ready from Tallahassee to convey the whole command to Monticello.

By order of Brigadier-General Finegan:

W. CALL,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 237. Richmond, Va., October 10, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XII. Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, will proceed to Charleston, S. C., and report for duty to General G. T. Beauregard, commanding.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

