
Government may be secured, if necessary, in the construction of the one about to be begun by the State, and also that the plan will meet with such favor as to lead to the construction of similar rams for other scenes of operation. I cannot doubt that rams, properly built, according to the plan of Captain Lee would be far more effective than gunboats of the present construction, three times as large and costly, with the other important advantage of being built in one-third of the time required for rams of the present models. Time, indeed, is now of vital importance in preparing for the safety of this city and port, and should the plan which Captain Lee will submit be approved by the department and authority be given to use the materials already collected here I feel assured I can have the work done with such vigor as to have a ram ready for service in time to render signal aid in holding this fort for the Confederate States.

Were some of these guns built at the same time in the Yazoo River they could dash out and clear the Mississippi River and aid materially in the capture of New Orleans; and if effective here others would be equally efficient at Port Royal and Savannah and in James River. Let me bespeak for Captain Lee the consideration due to his zeal, intelligence, and capacity as a practical engineer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., October 13, 1862.

Colonel W. S. WALKER,

Commanding C. S. Forces, McPhersonville, S. C.:

Hold your command ready for emergency, supplied with provisions and ammunition. Heavy baggage and stores might be sent to the rear; some re-enforcements will be held ready to support you; keep pickets alert and spies active-pay latter well. Mitchell more fussy than dangerous.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., October 13, 1862.

W. S. WALKER,

Colonel, Commanding Third Mil. Dist., McPhersonville, S. C.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 12th instant has been received, and I am instructed to say that every effort will be made to enable you to hold your position against any effort of the enemy to dislodge you. Nevertheless the commanding general regards it as but prudent for you to send to the rear all surplus stores and supplies and unnecessary baggage, making at the same time preparations to move back the remainder at a moment's warning. You will also hold your entire command ready to be concentrated and act wheresoever required, provided with three days' cooked rations in haversacks and two days' provisions in wagons; 40 rounds of ammunition in cartridge boxes kept untouched except in action, and a reserve supply of 60 rounds in wagons. As a measure of precaution against waste, let me suggest that it were well

