
CHARLESTON, S. C., October 14, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.:

President Young refused to give up the coin;* forcible possession taken; guard placed over it; where shall it be sent? Enemy appears to be preparing for a movement near Port Royal Ferry. My forces there are very weak. Could they not be increased from sources beyond my reach?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., October 14, 1862.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER,

Commanding District of Georgia, Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: There are indications that the Abolition commander at Port Royal may undertake some raid into the Third Military District. In view of the possibility of such an event the commanding-general has arranged to re-enforce Colonel Walker sufficiently to repel and punish the attempt if made. I am instructed therefore to direct you to hold in readiness about 2,000 infantry of your command for detached service at a moment's notice; to which end they will keep three days' cooked rations in haversacks, 40 rounds of ammunition in cartridge boxes, and a reserve supply of 60 rounds of ammunition and two days' subsistence ready for transportation.

1. These troops will be expected to move in light marching order, unencumbered with unnecessary baggage.

2. The general commanding regards it as prudent that the officers should be cautioned not to permit the cooked rations to grow stale. They must be consumed and replaced by fresh provisions from day to day.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., October 14, 1862.

Brigadier General S. R. GIST,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to direct you to hold in readiness about 2,000 infantry of your command for detached service at a moment's notice; to which end they will keep three days' cooked rations in haversacks, 40 rounds of ammunition in cartridge boxes, and a reserve supply of 60 rounds of ammunition and two days' subsistence ready for transportation. These troops will be expected to move in light marching order, unencumbered with unnecessary baggage.

The general commanding regards it as prudent that the officers should be cautioned not to permit the cooked rations to grow stale. They must be consumed and replaced by fresh provisions from day to day.

The service anticipated will be in the Third Military District, and hence the movement will be by rail as far as McPhersonville.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Belonging to Bank of Louisiana. See Series IV.

---------------

