
RICHMOND, VA., October 15, 1862.

Governor JOHN MILTON,

Tallahassee, Fla.:

General Lee reports the Florida regiments to be in pretty good state of drill and discipline and constantly improving, but says that so far from being able to spare them he wishes men sent to fill them up.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, October 15, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

The Secretary of the Treasury desires to have the coin turned over to T. S. Metcalf, the Government depositary at Augusta. You will dispose of it accordingly.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, October 16, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Dept. of South Carolina and Georgia, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your orders, on the 14th instant, in company with Captain A. T. Beauregard, I proceeded to McPhersonville, the headquarters of Colonel W. S. Walker, commanding Third MIlitary District of South Carolina, arriving there at 3 p.m. I delivered your dispatch. The colonel expressed himself very much gratified to hear of the re-enforcements you contemplated sending him in case of an attack on the Charleston and Savannah Railroad within the limits of his military district, stating at the same time that with the force now under his command he could only make a retiring fight, his numbers being so small (as stated in his letter which I handed to you).

His force, although small, he regards as very reliable. The colonel desired me to say to you that he was much in want of a good officer to assist him in discipline the cavalry, and as, owing to the nature of the country, they would have to fight mostly on foot, he was very anxious to have his requisition for rifles filled.

He designated the following places as points for concentrating his troops, viz: Pocotaligo, Grahamville, and Hardeeville, at which places he now has in encampments.

Should the enemy attempt to force their way to the railroad at Pocotaligo he calculated to hold them in check in rear of Screven's rice fields, protecting his command behind a small work, ditch and hedge, with rice fields overflowed on each flank. Should they attempt to advance to the bridge across the Combahee River at Salkehatchie by the road parallel to the river and another small road known as Seller's road, he would then hold them in check at the junction of two roads near the bridge, the country at that point being swampy and densely wooded. Both these roads of approach he intends having obstructed and the bridges taken up. In case of a landing being made at Huguenin's, on Broad River, he would hold them in check at the causeway and bridge across Bee's Creek, on the old mail road, at the junction of the Euhaw and Grahamville roads.

