
For the protection of the approaches to Grahamville works have been erected on the different roads, the nearest landing place being on Boyd's Neck. Should they land at Bluffton, he has selected a position at New River Bridge, on the old mail road, where he has an embrasure battery to protect the bridge. If they land at Red Bluff, which he does not think probable, he has selected a position near New River, where he has two small works erected.

Colonel Walker has written to General Mercer, commanding at Savannah, to inquire of him what force he has on this side of the Savannah River, in order that he might act in concert with him. He has pickets posted at all the available points between the Ashepoo and Savannah Rivers. The force between Ashepoo and Combahee Rivers is composed of but one small battalion of cavalry, commanded by Major Jeffords. Chapman's Fort, on the Ashepoo, has been abandoned; the guns have been removed. A picket is now stationed at that point. The railroad bridge across this river is more accessible to the enemy than any of the other bridges, the river being deep and navigable some distance above the bridge. Obstructions were placed in this river under fire from the guns of Fort Chapman.

The colonel was anxious to have the cavalry under his command organized into regiments; there being at present so many independent companies and battalions under his command, he thinks they would be more effective under good regimental commanders. He has not heretofore made use of spies to procure information, but scouts in uniform. He now has the offer of the services of several white men whom he will employ in that capacity, also two negroes, which he will endeavor to make use of.

We returned to this city yesterday at 1.30 o'clock p.m., when I delivered to you the letter of Colonel Walker, being his reply to your dispatch.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. CHISOLM,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. NAD GA., No. 195. Charleston, S. C., October 16, 1862.

I. Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, Confederate States Army, having reported for duty in this department, is assigned to the command of the First Military District, vice Brigadier General William Duncan Smith, deceased, relieving Brigadier-General Gist, who will resume his former command. Brigadier-General Ripley will direct his attention especially to the defenses of Charleston Harbor, which must be placed in as complete condition for immediate service as circumstances will permit, and will call on the commanding general for the men and material that he may find essential for a successful and prolonged resistance to any attack which the resources of the enemy may enable them to make.

II. All shot, shell, grape, and canister in heavy batteries and in heavy artillery will be gauged at once by the commanding officers thereof, and such as are unsuitable to the guns they were issued for will be returned to the ordnance depot, with a requisition for an equal number of the proper kind.

III. Commanders of forts and batteries will examine forthwith their magazines, in order to ascertain whether they have any projectiles not

41 R R VOL-XIV

