
Rutledge Mounted Rifles, Captain Trenholm, and Charleston Light Dragoons, Captain Rutledge, out of which I ask authority to organize two regiments, to be formed, the one of Jeffords' and Morgan's battalions, eight companies, and the other of Stokes' and Emanueal's battalions, eight companies, with two other companies to be added to each from the unattached companies, to be selected with some view to homogeneity with the other companies to which they may be attached, and also with some regard for the wishes of the officers and men. For the field officers of the first regiment I respectfully propose as colonel Lieutenant Colonel S. W. Ferguson, now of Starke's regiment Mississippi Volunteer Cavalry; for lieutenant-colonel Major R. J. Jeffords, and Major J. H. Morgan as the major. Lieutenant-Colonel Ferguson is a graduate of West Point, a cavalry officer of experience, both of regular and volunteer cavalry; served with distinction at the battle of Manassas and Shiloh; is a citizen and native of this immediate section of South Carolina, and there would seem to be entire propriety in his appointment to the command of South Carolina troops. I have great need of a cavalry officer of his experience, and I regard his appointment as of vital importance to the cavalry arm in this department. For the other regiment, on the recommendation of my predecessor, I respectfully submit the names of Captain B. H. Rutledge as colonel, Major W. Stokes as lieutenant-colonel, and Major W. P. Emanuel as the major. I may add that this organization has the consent of Majors Stokes and Emanuel. From the records of my office I am assured that this proposed organization is essential for an efficient use of the cavalry. Under the present system there is a material want of discipline and drill, indeed a lack of everything needful to constitute effective cavalry, and I trust while there may be found ample authority for the consolidation under recently enacted laws no mere personal aspirations or wishes of officers will be allowed to stante as a bar to a measure so salutary.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., October 18, 1862.

Judge THOMAS BALTZELL,

Charleston, S. C.:

DEAR SIR: I have no hesitation in saying, upon the information communicated to me by you relative to the present condition of the railroads in Florida, that the completion of the one from Thomasville to Bainbridge, on the Flint River (36 miles), and of the branch from Grovesville to the Tallahassee Railroad (16 miles) would add greatly to the military facilities for the defense of Middle Florida, by enabling troops from the interior of Georgia or vicinity of Savannah to be sent rapidly to any point in that part of the State which might be threatened by the enemy.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., October 19, 1862.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: As the enemy have shown a design to interrupt or prevent

