
the erection of any works at Mayrant's Bluff the commanding general directs me to suggest that the enemy may be foiled by proper efforts. Sham works should be attempted at some point in view of the gunboats, and meanwhile the real works should be vigorously prosecuted at night.

It is likewise the wish of the general commanding that Sullivan's Creek should be effectively obstructed without delay against the possible attempts of mortar-boats.

Some arrangement must be made for the disposition of the troops on Sullivan's Island not needed for the service of the batteries in case of an attack merely by gunboats. To this matter the commanding general wishes you to give your attention.

The houses on Sullivan's Island on the sea-shore you will take measures to remove at an early day.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., October 20, 1862.

Colonel W. J. LAWTON,

Albany, Dougherty County, Ga.:

COLONEL: Your communication of the 7th instant has just been received, and I am instructed to say in reply that attention will be given to the defense of the Chattahoochee River, steps having already been taken looking to that important measure. The enemy will scarcely send so far into the country a small force, that could be handled by the force you suggest. The mischief to be anticipated and guarded against is the ascent of the river by gunboats. You do not mention where your regiment (Second Georgia Cavalry) is now stationed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

SAVANNAH, GA., October 20, 1862.

I visited this day the defensive works on the river below the city and the obstructions. The latter are considered completed by the officers in command.

1st. Fort Jackson, 3 miles below the city and 1 1/4 miles above obstructions, is a very weak work, mounting two 8-inch columbiads, seven 32-pounders, one 18-pounder-ten guns. Its masonry walls are almost entirely exposed to the enemy's fire, and its flanks and gorges closed by barrack walls, loop-holed. It is entirely under command of a work at Carston's Bluff, 1 1/8 miles in its rear, and is defective in many respects. Moreover its armament is composed of guns of too light caliber. I have ordered two traverses in this work and one of its parapet guns to be put on the covered way and a useless 18-pounder removed to the lines.

2nd. Battery Lee, near and just below Fort Jackson, is a water battery of three 10-inch mortars, two 10-inch columbiads, three 8-inch columbiads, one 42-pounder, and one 32-pounder, in all seven guns; a good position, but its rear is entirely open to Carston's Bluff, about 1 1/4 miles

