
Bluff; so that if any one of the line of outworks was to fall into his hands the series of them would necessarily have to be evacuated, and the enemy would then have the way open to establish the batteries already referred to commanding the defenses on the river.

I then visited the battery of twelve guns (two 8-inch columbiads, two 42-pounders, seven 32-pounders, one 24-pounder rifled, two 8-inch navy guns) at Thunderbolt, on Saint Augustine Creek, above Carston's Bluff, about 6 miles to the southwest of Savannah. This is naturally a strong position, with good traverses between the guns to prevent enfilade fire from Liberty Island, about 1 1/4 miles off, excepting the two extreme guns, which are not yet sufficiently protected. Several of these guns are also exposed to rear fire from the Isle of Hope, about 2 miles off in a southwest direction. The front of the battery is exposed to direct fire of Whitemarsh Island, about three-fourths of a mile off in a southeast direction. The woods on this and Liberty Island have been ordered to be cleared. Should the enemy put strong and numerous batteries on these three islands the battery at Thunderbolt might be made untenable. It is also liable to the objections already referred to relative to Carston's Bluff, of being turned in case any of the other outworks should fall.

OCTOBER 22, 1862.

I went this day to visit the battery at Beaulieu of eight guns (two 42-pounders, five 32-pounders, one 12-pounder rifled), 12 miles from Savannah, with a fine road leading to it. It is good position, commanding the Vernon River. The guns are well protected from enfilade fire by heavy traverses, and the whole battery is in a very fine condition, the magazines appearing to be quite dry. Several of the guns are without elevating screws, which must be furnished. I visited also the Isle of Hope Causeway, connecting the latter island to the main-land, with a very fine road to Savannah, only about 8 miles from the latter place. This is a very important line of communication, and one by which all the outer works can be turned, and the causeway should be commanded by a battery for two guns (siege 24-pounder howitzers) on each side of it. At present only a rifle pit has been established, with a position for a field gun.

OCTOBER 24, 1862.

I visited to-day the battery at Genesis Point, 9 miles below Savannah, Albany and Gulf Railroad, and 25 miles from the city, and commanding the Great Ogeechee. It is armed with seven guns (one 8-inch columbiad, one 42-pounder, and five 32-pounders). This position is a strong one, which I am informed cannot be turned or flanked. The armament is too light. Two or more heavy or rifled guns should be sent there immediately. A row of piles has been driven across the river at this point. Vessels drawing 13 feet of water can reach the important railroad bridge across the Great Ogeechee. The traverses in his battery are too week and too low. They must be raised and the magazines better protected. The hot-shot furnace is badly located and arranged; it must be reconstructed properly. There is here, besides, one light battery of eight pieces.

From this point I could see Coffee Bluff, on the Little Ogeechee, about 12 miles from Savannah, to which there is a fine and straight shell road. That is an important position, which is not fortified, being protected only by one light battery of six guns and one rifled 6-pounder. This bluff, however, does not command a branch of the Little Ogeechee

