
(Grove River), which empties into it a short distance below the bluff; but Rosedew Island, I am informed, commands both, and should be at once fortified, and armed with five or six guns. Heavy vessels, drawing 15 feet water, I am told, can get up to the Savannah, Atlantic and Gulf Railroad Bridge, which is quite a long one. A row of piles has been driven across the river 1 1/2 miles below said bridge, but is not protected by any works or guns.

Grove River is commanded by a light battery of six pieces and one 18-pounder at Stave's Landing, without, however, any parapet to protect the guns. The same is the case at Coffee Bluff.

OCTOBER 27, 1862.

I passed in review to-day about 4,000 men of troops (infantry, artillery, and cavalry) stationed at and in the vicinity of the city. They looked remarkably well and moved very steadily.

OCTOBER 28, 1862.

I visited this day the interior line of defenses, which are about two-thirds finished. The part finished is too strong for the object in view, and the work should have been more equally distributed, for a portion of the most important or exposed part is still unfinished; the part corresponding to the left flank of the lines, i.e., from Fort Mercer to Fort Boggs. The latter work is too elaborately finished where completed.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, October 22, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In obedience to instructions from department headquarters, dated October 13, 1862, instructing me to repair to Richmond, Va., on special service with the War Department, I left this city on the evening of the same day, and after some detention on the route (via Charlotte to Raleigh) reached Richmond on Thursday evening, October 16. I immediately called on the Honorable William Porcher Miles, but learned that he was too unwell to receive me. At this request I saw him on the following morning, and submitted for his perusal General Beauregard's letter to the Adjutant-General.

Mr. Miles being still indisposed, I went alone to the Adjutant-General and placed in his hands the dispatches with which I was charged. General Cooper expressed a warm interest in the plan proposed, and immediately submitted it to the consideration of the Secretary of War, who referred it to Colonel Gilmer, Chief of Engineers. After explaining the plan in all its details to Colonel Gilmer I left it in his hands until the next morning.

On Saturday, October 18, Mr. Miles, by appointment, accompanied me to the Secretary of War, who, after perusing General Beauregard's letter, referred it with his warm approval to the Secretary of the Navy.

Mr. Miles introduced me to Mr. Mallory, and after a careful examination of the design, expressed his deep interest in the understanding and his entire willingness to furnish everything in his power to make its accomplishment as early as possible. He then referred the matter to Commander [John M.] Brooke, Chief of Ordnance, Navy Department, who called in Mr. Porter, Naval Constructor.

Commander Brook went immediately into an examination of the plan

