
3. The Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Hawley, followed by a section of Connecticut battery.

4. The Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Moore.

On passing the hose beyond the march the advance was fired on by the enemy's pickets and 2, at least, of Company H, Eighth Michigan, wounded. Silence was still preserved, no shots returned, but the 4 men of the enemy's pickets captured and sent to the rear. The two advanced companies were deployed into line beyond the main hedge and marched toward the enemy's works, followed by the Eighth Michigan, which came up into line on the march. Advancing with this regiment as they formed into line in the open field, in view of the enemy's works, and observing as well as practicable his position, I deemed it desirable to gain ground to the right for the purpose of position for effective fire on his infantry supporting the works, and ordered an oblique march, which was executed promptly and in good order. I then dispatched Lieutenant Belch, acting aide, to bring up the Seventh Connecticut to form on the left of the Eighth Michigan, and Lieutenant Brackett, acting assistant adjutant-general, to bring up the Twenty-eighth Massachusetts to the support of the two former, taking my position on the front and center, to receive and direct the other regiments as they advanced.

The order not to fire, but to use the bayonet, was obeyed, and the advanced companies reached the parapet of the works at the angle on our right and in front, engaging the enemy at the point of the bayonet. They were closely followed by he remaining companies of the regiment. During this advance the enemy opened upon our lines an exceedingly destructive fire of grape, canister, and musketry, and yet the regiment pushed on as veterans, divided only to the right and left by a sweeping torrent from the enemy's main gun in font. This brought a portion of the regiment pushed on as veterans, divided only to the right and left by a sweeping torrent from the enemy's main gun in gong. This brought a portion of the regiment to the left near the tower or lookout, and a brisk fire of musketry was soon opened on both sides. The enemy's fire proved so galling and destructive that our troops on the parapet were compelled to retire under its cover, and that of the ditch maintained their position, partially covered, doing good execution as sharpshooters. Further details and Honorable mention of gallant officers will be found in Lieutenant-Colonel Graves' report.

The Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Hawley, formed into line as they advanced, reaching point in the open field in front of the tower, with their left resting on the bushes skirting the marsh, when I ordered their march by the right flank across the field and up to the support of the troops on the right. I personally directed the movement, which was executed in good order under a continual shower of grape nd canister as well as musketry on nearing the work. IN the mean time one section of the Connecticut battery had opened on the enemy from our left, and the march of this regiment at first was between two fires. I refer for further particulars of the action of this regiment and Honorable mention of names to the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Hawley, commanding.

The Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers filed through the first hedge and came rapidly up after the advance of artillery which preceded them, forming column of companies and then coming into line,

5 R R-VOL XIV

