
CHARLESTON, S. C., October 23, 1862.

FRANCIS W. PICKENS,

Governor of South Carolina, Columbia, S. C.:

General Beauregard absent at Savannah. Affair at Pocotaligo apparently over. Enemy reported to have re-embarked.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

SAVANNAH, GA., October 23, 1862.

Colonel W. S. WALKER, Pocotaligo, S. C.:

The two additional regiments and batteries left here before your telegram was received. They are at your disposal on the road.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

SAVANNAH, GA., October 23, 1862-12 p. m.

General S. COOPER, Adjt. and Insp. General, Richmond, Va.:

I must call the attention of the department to the necessity for more troops from Rantowles Creek to Savannah River, a distance of 75 miles, only about 2,500 men being available for that purpose. Colonel Walker deserves promotion for meritorious services, and, moreover, when re-enforcements are sent to him he is ranked by the colonel commanding them.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Charleston, S. C., October 25, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Special Orders, Numbers 195, current series, from department headquarters, directs me to call on the commanding general for the men and material that I may find necessary for a prolonged and successful resistance to any attack which the resources of the enemy may enable him to make.

Did no other reasons than those parely military advise an attack on Charleston by the enemy it would be easy to estimate the force and material necessary to check him. Thus far this vicinity has been comparatively safe, and it is clear to my mind that no attack would have been made had not the abandonment of the mouth of the Stone River invited the attack. It had been my intention, when formerly in command here, to hold it and continue to fortify, believing that such occupation would have thrown the base of the enemy's operations to the Edisto, keeping much difficult ground and several rivers between him and the city, and materially lessened the number of men necessary for the defense from any approach by land. The mouth of the Stone, however, being in possession of the enemy, giving him a base of operations within a few miles of the city, necessitates the occupation of our extensive lines and works on James Island and a constant vigilance by a very considerable force. With regard to the men and material necessary to insure a prolonged and successful resistance in that direction I beg to refer to the statement of Brigadier-General Gist, commanding, which I agree with. The force which he calls for will undoubtedly be necessary if the

