
of artillery, will be sufficient to hold its position for a long time, the works being completed. This is being done, and it is hoped will be pushed forward rapidly.

Breach Inlet Battery, Sullivan's Island, mounts eight guns, for the protection of the narrow inlet east of Sullivan's Island. It is manned by one company of South Carolina Infantry and supported by two companies of the Twentieth South Carolina Volunteers. Its position is quite strong, and vessels will have to lay some distance from the shore in cannonading it. It would be very difficult for them to shell the garrison out or dismount the guns, and still more for them to land under the fire. The works are being strengthened. The addition of a long-range rifled gun would be desirable.

The Beauregard Battery, Sullivan's Island, mounting six guns, of which but two are of use against a naval attack or landing, protects Fort Moultrie from a land approach. Its present artillery garrison is sufficient for its guns. The addition of a long-range gun is desirable. The execution of work on the sea flank has been ordered but not commenced, and obstructions in front of the work are desirable.

The works noticed above are the outworks for our harbor defenses, and are serviceable in preventing the land approaches of the enemy by Morris or Sullivan's Islands. Properly fought they will retard these attacks as much as outworks can be expected to do.

Fort Moultrie, Sullivan's Island, mounting thirty-seven guns, commanding the various channels and crossing fire with Fort Sumter, is old and of not very high command. Nevertheless it would be very efficient against any wooden vessels. Its only effect against iron-clad ships would be from the shock of its full battery, if well served. I would at this time suggest nothing except the banding and rifling of six smooth-bore 32-pounders now on the water faces of the fort. The garrison could hardly be increased with advantage.

Enfilade Batteries, Sullivan's Island, now armed with five 10-inch and one 8-inch columbiads, are very powerful, intended to mount four additional heavy guns and are in process of completion. It is to be hoped that they will be finished and armed. The garrison will require increasing by another company when the armament is finished.

A battery of light artillery and the Twentieth South Carolina Volunteers are on the island for support of the various positions. As an infantry attack or landing on the island is doubtful, certainly until after a long and continued cannonade, it would seem to me unadvisable to increase the permanent garrison of the island. The location of the troops outside of the forts in case of a naval attack is to be in the Beauregard Battery and behind the sand hills to the eastward to prevent a landing west of Breach Inlet. The light battery would be with the troops behind the sand hills. These positions must be varied according to the discretion of the commanding officer.

It would be well perhaps to have a body of troops stationed at Mount Pleasant in reserve, for the support of the troops on Sullivan's Island, service in Christ Church and vicinity, and the support of works projected at Hobcaw. I would think two full regiments desirable, with a battalion of cavalry and two batteries of light artillery, if possible, of long range.

Fort Sumter being the main defense of the channel requires and is receiving especial attention. The barbette batteries are becoming exceedingly heavy, and in my opinion should be strengthened by as many 10-inch guns as can be procured. I should advise that all the 32-pounders which may be fit should be rifled and banded and supplied

