
added to the work on Genesis Point, and one of its 32-pounders must be changed in position, as ordered, to rake the piling across the river. Its traverses must be raised and lengthened, and a mortar constructed to protect the two 32-pounders now raking the obstruction from being enfiladed. Its magazines must be better protected, and its hot-shot furnace reconstructed as ordered. A more efficient commander than the present one would, I think, he required for this important position, and whoever is sent there should visit first the work at Beaulieu to see its fine condition.

14th. A proper sunken battery should be constructed for the protection of the men and horses of all light batteries intended for the defense of water-courses. This applies especially to the light batteries now on the Little and Great Ogeechee.

15th. No provocation of the enemy's gunboats to draw the fire of our batteries should induce officers in command to water in return their ammunition. They should reserve their fire until the enemy comes within point-blank range of a 32-pounder, placing meanwhile all the garrison under close cover. When they five let them open simultaneously with all their guns upon the foremost vessel, in order to sink it, aiming rather low.

16th. Two mortars have been ordered from Charleston for Fort Jackson and Carston's Bluff to fire on river obstructions, and in respect to the latter battery to fire also on Whitemarsh Island. They must be placed in position as soon as they shall have arrived and provided with ammunition, &amp;c., and a detail of men drilled at them regularly.

17th. Ship-Yard Creek, in rear of Beaulieu, must be guarded by a light battery, as already indicated for the Little and Great Ogeechee.

18th. Signal stations must be established forthwith to communicate with each other at Genesis Point, Rosedew Island, Beaulieu, the Isle of Hope Causeway, Thunderbolt, Carston's Bluff, Fort Jackson, Fort Boggs, and the city.

19th. The two large observatories or spindles toward the mouth of Savannah River must be destroyed forthwith for fear of their falling into the hands of the enemy uninjured.

20th. Brigade drills must be commenced at once wherever practicable, and regiments must not be armed with weapons of more than two differed calibers, to prevent confusion in providing them with ammunition.

21st. The made residents of this city not liable to conscription must be organized at once by the civil authorities for the defense of their homes and firesides (in case of an attack upon the city) into companies and regiments. They will thus afford material assistance to the Confederate troops in the defense of Savannah.

22d. Ample provision must be made by the civil authorities for the removal of the women and children to a safe locality outside of the city, the farther the better. This removal should take place on the first appearance of real danger.

23d. A sufficient number of switch-lock keys should be provided at railroad depots for immediate use in case of necessity.

24th. The Georgia Central Railroad will furnish a reserve train, to be stationed at Ashley River Depot, for the purpose of conveying troops without delay from Charleston to the South Carolina lower parishes or to Georgia. Another one will be held in readiness at the depot of the Central Railroad in this city for the purpose of conveying troops toward Charleston when required.

25th. The troops of this district must be vaccinated gradually.

26th. The woods of the island fronting the outworks must be cut down as soon as possible wherever in too dangerous proximity.

