
mate duty-that of holding the enemy's land forces at [bay?] until our troops, composing the garrison of the city, could be collected, possibly re-enforced, and placed in position to resist the onset.

The third or interior line of works embraces a system of detached forts, lunettes, redans, and cremailleres lines, extending from Fort Boggs on the left to Laurel Grove Cemetery on the right, where it rests on the inundations on that flank. This line is some 4 1/3 miles long and averages about 1 2/3 miles from the center of the city. The armament of these works, exclusive of Fort Boggs, consists of thirty-six guns; that is, two 42, fifteen 32, seven 30, four 24, and four 18 pounders, and four 8-inch siege howitzers. The profile is stronger and the several works are somewhat closer together, in my opinion, than was necessary, considering the relative importance of having the whole line completed rapidly. As constructed only about two-thirds of the system have been completed. Fortunately that portion of the ground left incomplete offers naturally god defensive features, of which advantage may be taken in case of need.

Although as a whole the system of defensive works adopted is most defective, in my opinion it is too near completion to resort to a new one at this late day, when at any moment our powerful enemy may be looked for. I have therefore sought, as far as practicable, for remedies, to which end I have directed the construction of an inclosed work at Carston's Bluff, the addition of two guns bearing up the Saint Augustine River, and one 10-inch mortar, and the erection of a battery for three guns at Greenwich Point, on the Saint Augustine River, to gain a cross-fire with the two guns added at Carston's Bluff. A battery for four pieces (24-pounder howitzers) has likewise been ordered to command the Isle of Hope Causeway, and another, of five heavier guns, of which one shall be a rifled 24-pounder, has been directed to be thrown up on Rosedew Island, to command the Little Ogeechee. Additional traverses have been ordered in some of the river batteries, and one 10-inch mortar will be added to the armament of Fort Jackson, to bear on the obstructions. The defective magazines of these batteries will also be put in proper condition at once.

Finally, it is my duty to state that I regarded as absolutely indispensable for a stout defense of Savannah that there should be added to the armament of the most important works at least twenty guns of the following calibers: say, five 10-inch and five 8-inch columbiads, and five 42 and five 32-pounder rifled pieces.

The garrison and forces to maintain the works, now some 7,700 effective men of all arms, must be strengthened to at least 10,000 infantry, 2,000 cavalry, 1,200 heavy artillerists, and eight field batteries, the estimate of my immediate predecessor, which I accept as the minimum force required. Thus prepared, any attack of the enemy may be hopefully encountered, despite the defective system upon which, unfortunately, the defenses of Savannah have been planned and constructed.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, S. C., November 3, 1862.

Captain D. N. INGRAHAM,

C. S. Navy, Commanding C. S. Naval Forces, Charleston, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: You will greatly oblige by furnishing, on the requisition

