
of Dr. Cheves, 300 pieces of gunboat plating, from 2 to 3 feet long, for use in connection with the boom. Let me also suggest that the three ships in this harbor might be arranged with port-holes and Quaker guns, or dummies, and anchored near the line of boom, apparently for its defense. These dummies were found quite effective in retarding the enemy's movements at Centreville and the Potomac border.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., November 4, 1862.

FRANCIS W. PICKENS,

Governor of the State of South Carolina, Columbia, S. C.:

DEAR SIR: I received several days since a copy of communication addressed to you on the 25th ultimo by the Secretary of War, accepting four regiments of the reserve force of the State of South Carolina, to be organized in the manner therein specified; a manner I trust that will not be an obstacle to the early muster of those regiments. I beg to assure you that no time can be prudently lost in securing the services of these troops, which I desire to post as soon as possible as follows: Two regiments, under Brigadier General W. S. Walker, in the Third Military District, at or near Pocotaligo, and the other two near Georgetown, in a new military district, which I desire to establish, under command of Brigadier-General Trapier.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 258. Richmond, Va., November 4, 1862.

* * * * * *

III. The command of General Beauregard, besides the Department of South Carolina and Georgia, will embrace the Departments of East and Middle Florida; the former to comprise that part of Florida east of the Suwannee River; the latter west of the Suwannee River to the Choctawhatchee River. Brigadier-General Finegan is assigned to the command of the Department of East Florida, habitual headquarters at Lake City, and a commander for the Department of Middle Florida will hereafter be designated, whose habitual headquarters will be at Quincy, Fla.

* * * * * *

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA., Numbers 88. Charleston, S. C., November 4, 1862.

I. No personal application whatever will be considered at these headquarters; and pending the consideration and action at these headquarters on any application for leave of absence the applicant will not be permitted to leave his company, regiment, or post in order to make a

