
personal application at these headquarters in support of his written one, nor will he be allowed to do so indirectly through another party, except in cases of surgeon's certificates, upon which the safety of the applicant may depend.

II. All application or communications must be in writing and regularly transmitted to these headquarters through the ascending channel of communication or they will not be considered.

III. Certain batteries in the First Military District will be designated and known as follows:

Enfilade Battery, Sullivan's Island, as Battery Bee.

Beach Inlet Battery, Sullivan's Island, as Battery Marshall.

Morris Island Battery as Battery Wagner.

McLeod's Battery, James Island, as Battery Means.

Lawton Battery, James Island, as Battery Glover.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA., Numbers 213. Charleston, S. C., November 4, 1862.

* * * * * *

IV. Forts Sumter and Moultrie and all the batteries on Sullivan's and Morris Islands will be at once provided and kept supplied with 200 rounds of ammunition for each gun of their respective armaments.

* * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, S. C., November 5, 1862.

President DAVIS:

We have two very fine regiments from this State with Bragg. Perhaps they might be ordered to Charleston. I only suggest it because you may not be aware of their being with Bragg.

F. W. PICKENS.

RICHMOND, VA., November 5, 1862.

J. F. BOZEMAN, Mayor of Columbus, Ga.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the department is fully aware of the importance of defending the Chattahoochee River and the city of Columbus, and has taken the necessary steps to provide for their defense. The country between the Suwannee and Choctawhatchee Rivers, in Florida, together with Southwestern Georgia, has been thrown into a military district, which General Howell Cobb will command. The experience, energy, and stake in the country of that officer afford the best guarantees that he will neglect nothing for its defense. As you have been informed already a competent engineer is engaged, and will prosecute whatever system of defense may be determined on.

An authority is herewith inclosed, as requested, permitting Captain Wilkins to raise a company of men, not liable to conscription, for the defense of Columbus and its approaches.

Your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH.

