
provisions is not required in and around the city, and there are many necessarily idle all the time in such a place. It strikes me too that after cool weather our soldiers could be directed to do much work, such as is done in other armies. I know, when in January, February, and March, 1861, I had to have so much done on Morris Island and around the different points, that the volunteers there did far the greater part of the efficient work. I tried to make a system last spring by which a corps of negroes could be attached permanently to the army as spadesmen and axmen, under military discipline and army regulations. I still think it could be done, and it would be far better than to derange agricultural labor in the rural districts by constantly calling for negro labor at times, occasionally deeply injurious to raising our housing crops.

I may be mistaken, but I do not think any great land attack can be made upon our coast or city unless Lee's army is first disposed of. We have difficulties, but they have them also. I any case I trust you are prepared to meet them by land or by water. I telegraphed you as to what arms and forces were proposed to order to report to you. We have ordered out four regiments of State Reserves for ninety days to report to you. I hope we can send them soon, but scattered over such a wide extent of country as they are, and never having been called together as regiments, it will be difficult to send them as soon as we desire. I may be mistaken, but I hope the force now ordered to you will perhaps furnish 2,400 men. Their officers are intelligent and efficient gentlemen. One of the regiments is commanded by Colonel Ryan, who is at Barnwell Court-House, and if you desire it his regiment can be ordered to Pocataligo as easy as to come here and more so. If you desire it can be ordered directly there. Be so good as to let me know. Colonel Cash commands another, and part of his is already on the Pee Dee in State service and has been for some time, to defend that strem at a point where we have obstructions and a State battery at Stone's landing, and I would most respectfully suggest that he be kept in that region with his regiment for defense of the Georgetown and Santee country too.

With great respect, I am, very truly, yours,

F. W. PICKENS.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA., Numbers 89. Charleston, S. C., November 5, 1862.

* * * * * *

II. The following officers are announced on the staff of the general commanding and will be obeyed and respected accordingly, namely:

Major D. B. Harris as chief engineer of the department.

Captain William H. Echols as chief engineer of the State of South Carolina.

Captain John McCrady as chief engineer of the State of Georgia.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIGNAL OFFICE, Charleston, November 6, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor respectfully to submit for the consideration of the general commanding the following suggestions:

