
earliest practicable moment a correct list of names, &amp;c., which is in preparation.

Lieutenant Brackett, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenants Belcher and Fenton, acting aided, were efficient and active. Lieutenant Belcher was wounded slightly, as he supposed at the time, and continued through the entire affair on duty, although on his return ot quarters he had a ball extracted from his shoulder. His wound, however, is no dangerous.

The forces engaged were as follows: Eighth Michigan - 4 field and staff, 21 line officers, 509 rank and file; Seventh Connecticut - 7 field and staff, 18 line officers, 573 rank and file; Twenty-eighth Massachusetts (two companies on fatigue duty) - 6 filed and staff, 18 line officers, 520 rank and file.

Accompanying this are copies of reports of regimental commanders and a rough sketch of the scene of action not claimed to the entirely correct, but as near as can be made from the view had under fire on the field of battle.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. FENTON,

Colonel Eighth Michigan Volunteers, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain HAZARD STEVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph R. Hawley, Seventh Connecticut Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,James Island, S. C., June 16, 1862.

COLONEL: I submit a brief report of the part taken by this regiment in the assault upon the enemy's earthworks this morning.

Our line was formed promptly at 1 o'clock, as ordered. There were 2 field, 5 staff, 2 non-commissioned staff, and 18 line offices, 76 non-commissioned officers, and 497 privates; total, 600. In addition 10 or 12 musicians, and more accompanied the surgeons.

We were assigned to the center fa your brigade, the First Brigade, Second division, and as we approached the enemy were ordered to move forward into line on the left of the leading regiment, the Eighth Michigan. As our right passed the building afterwards used as a hospital, and through the heavy hedge entered the first of the two fields between us and the earthworks, it formed into line and continued to march on at a rapid step. It was impossible for all of the left to get forward into line on the run across the high ridges of the cotton fields, encumbered as they were and worn down by night fatigues. I halted the right for one single minute, the left still running, and the completed line moved on in excellent order over the hedge between the two fields and steadily advanced upon the enemy, whose grape and rifle shots came in showers. When within 200 or 300 yards of the earthwork the left wing came obliquely upon an unforeseen ditch and morass, so that in advancing it must crowd by its right flank toward the center. At this moment a terrible fire of grape and musketry opened on us. The line was inevitably broken. The colors stood fast, protected by Captain Palmer's company (E). Captain Hitchcock, with part of Company G,

