
land attack on our coast before disposing of Lee's army, I believe they will do so as soon as the forces in Virginia shall have gone into winter quarters, thus enabling them to send re-enforcements South for a campaign, and with their great facilities of transportation they could get them here before we could ours.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., November 10, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The letter of Colonel Conzales, with your indorsement, recommending the immediate construction of two light-draught iron-clad gunboats at Charleston, was submitted to the Chief of the Engineer Bureau, who reported that such vessels would be of great value in the defense of that city if constructed in time, but that they could not be paid for from the engineer appropriation, and recommended a reference to the Secretary of the Navy. This was done, and Mr. Mallory replies that "the Navy Department is now constructing all the boats at Charleston that it can find mechanics and materials for. If there are parties in Charleston able and willing to build iron-clad war vessels this Department will employ them at once."

Your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, S. C., November 10, 1862.

Colonel JAMES CHESNUT, Jr.,

Chief of Department of Military, Columbia, S. C.:

COLONEL: A few days ago I answered your telegram, informing you that I would be able to furnish an artillery officer to make the examination of the Santee River, referred to by you in your telegram, asking you to name when and where he should report, but thus far I have received no answer. Meanwhile I have read with satisfaction the excellent report of Mr. Niernsee relative to his reconnaissance of the Santee River from Lenad's Ferry to Nowell's Point, and of the information obtained by him relative to the North and South Santee from the point of junction to their months. My conclusion is that Nowell's Point is the proper position to be fortified, and where the river ought to be obstructed, not more than 400 yards below the fort. This obstruction I think can be made of several rows of piles (should the bottom permit it), interlaced with a properly constructed abatis of trees, live-oaks if possible. As it is not probable that the enemy's iron-clad boats will be able to ascend to that point of the river, the armament of the battery need not consist of heavier guns than 32-pounders smooth-bore (three or four and about two rifled 24-pounders; all of these guns to be separated by heavy traverses or placed by twos in detached batteries. Rifle pits should also be provided (not enfiladed from the river) for the infantry support to the batteries. The thickness of the parapets of the latter should be about 20 feet and of the rifle pits 12 or 15 feet; the height

43 R R-VOL XIV

