
of the crest of the batteries (which may be half sunk) should be about 6 feet above the front and about 8 feet above the rear terre-plein, for a greater protection to the men.

I have given orders for the construction of a battery of three or four guns at or about Ladson's Bluff, on North Santee, which I suppose is the one called for by Mr. Niernsee Bear Hill Bluff.

I am informed that the battery at Mayrant's Bluff, commanding Winyaw Bay, toward Georgetown, is armed and completed, and I hope that the new regiment of the State Reserves (Cash's) I have ordered to report to General Trapier, in command of Georgetown District, will be able to support these two batteries until other forces can be sent in that direction.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ORDNANCE, DEPT. OF S. C. AND GA., Charleston, November 10, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of a paper containing a list of ordnance stores which cannot be furnished at the Charleston Arsenal, and indorsed to headquarters by Brigadier-General Ripley, and referred to this office by the general commanding.

As the indorsement of Brigadier-General Ripley contains the following, that is to say, "I am not aware that any preparations are making to fill the rest, and as many of the articles are of prime necessity and must be had, I respectfully refer to department headquarters for information. Cartridge bags and 10-inch columbiad shot are especially needed," &amp;c., I think it proper to submit to the general commanding what preparations have been made for supplying the articles needed.

On the 7th September, as soon as I could get reports from the batteries, I brought the needs of department to the attention of the then commanding general, and in a communication, at his instance, to Colonel Gorgas, I applied for 25,000 friction tubes, for bolts, and rifle shell for 42 and 32 pounders, for cartridges and cartridge bags, for 10-inch and 8-inch columbiads, and for 42 and 32 pounder guns. It was then supposed that 10-inch shot could be cast here to supply the need of the batteries, and orders for the same were standing in Columbia, S. C., and an order soon after given to Cameron & Co. here. After some delay I became assured that these would have also to be procured elsewhere. Soon after the general commanding assumed command here I brought some of these deficiencies to his attention in a personal interview, especially the matter of flannel for cartridge bags. In consequence of this, as I supposed, I received a communication from headquarters on the -- of October, to which I replied on the 4th of October; stating there was not flannel enough, but that arrangements were making to get some.

Major Childs some time after, with some difficulty and delay, received 500 yards from Georgia, and this is now being made up into 10-inch cartridge bags. Also about three weeks ago, a steamer having arrived here from abroad, I called to see Major Childs, and requested him to secure flannel enough for our requirements. He informed me that, as well as could be discovered from the invoices, no flannel was on board, but that there were some bales of serge (I think he said five), which would answer for cartridge bags. I requested him to secure one for

