
the use of the department. October 7 wrote to headquarters, stating deficiency of friction tubes and 10-inch solid shot. October 23 wrote to Major Cuyler, of Macon Arsenal, for 10-inch solid shot, friction tubes, and casemate trucks. October 23 wrote to Lieutenant Cunningham for 10-inch solid shot, he having promised to send me 100 from Savannah on the 9th instant, when I was there. October 23 wrote to headquarters of need of solid shot and friction tubes, and informing of delays on railroads from Richmond, recommending a special agent be sent to hurry on those stores from Richmond. October 28 wrote to headquarters of delays of stores ordered here from Richmond, and suggesting that they be shipped by passenger trains. October 29 sent in a tabular statement to headquarters of supplies wanted from Richmond. The delay in getting 10-inch solid shot still continuing, I wrote to Lieutenant-Colonel Rains, at Augusta Arsenal, November 7, for 10-inch solid shot and for other stores.

It will thus be seen that the need does not arise from a want of timely preparation here, as the papers at headquarters would show to Brigadier-General Ripley. The articles he instances are those which have given me most concern. But there are others which are also of great moment, and which have addressed themselves to may earnest attention.

The replies to nearly all my applications are that the arsenals are overworked and cannot furnish what I require; but the commanders of arsenals exhibit every disposition to do what they can, and are under engagements to supply some of my requisitions.

No one who is not in a position to see it from day to day can appreciate the difficulties in securing supplies seemingly most common and abundant and of procuring artisans capable for ordnance works. This must justly be considered in the delays at the different arsenals in supplying stores that we require.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

J. J. POPE,

Major and Chief of Ordnance.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA.,

Charleston, S. C., November 10, 1862.

To prevent unnecessary alarm and suppress sensational reports the commanding general enjoins upon all commanding officers to take and report the names of all persons who may communicate important intelligence of the movements of the enemy. In certain cases, at the discretion of the officer to whom communication is made, the person who shall communicate such information will be secured until further orders from these headquarters.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

RICHMOND, November 11, 1862.

His Excellency Governor PICKENS,

Columbia, S. C.:

Your telegram of the 5th to the President was received. With every disposition to oblige you, we fear to weaken General Bragg at present.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

