
COLUMBIA, S. C., November 11, 1862.

General BEAUREGARD,

Commanding, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I reached here last evening on a tour of inspection of our ordnance establishments. I propose going to Charleston a few days to inspect the artillery, &c. As we have to use such armaments as we can procure, I do not see that I can be of much assistance to you, but I shall be very glad to aid your officers with any information or advice my experience may enable me to furnish, and should the enemy make their promised attack I hope you will permit me to assist in repelling them, as I am sure you will.

With much regard, most respectfully and truly, yours,

BENJ. HUGER.

[Indorsement.]

Your visit here will be welcomed as well as your assistance in case of an attack. The artillery department here is in better condition than at Savannah. Colonel Anderson, in command of the artillery there, is sadly in want of two assistants, a lieutenant-colonel and a major; without them, having six or seven works under his charge several miles apart, I do not clearly see what he is to do. I intend writing again to the Department on the subject.

Yours, very truly,

G. T. B.

CHARLESTON, S. C., November 11, 1862.

Honorable W. PORCHER MILES,

Member of Congress, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR COLONEL: Yours of the 4th has been received. Captain Crafts, quartermaster, has been ordered to duty. I was not aware of his being commissioned, although I remembered your letter relative to him, but I was waiting to see him on the subject. It seems he saw Jordan, who had received no orders yet relative to him.

I regret much to learn that we are to receive no more additional 10-inch columbiads than the ten referred to by you. Of course I understand the inability of the War Department to furnish more, but it is with the most serious consideration of the Government to determine which is worth most to us at this moment-the free navigation of the Mississippi, which from the nature of things we cannot use, or the port of Charleston, which is at present our only means of communication with Europe, especially at this juncture, when we are expecting so many things of vital importance to the country from that quarter. I sent yesterday to the Department a letter of General Ripley on the subject of having a 15-inch gun cast here. It seems it can be done, at a high cost, it is true; but I have great faith in the weight of metal (about 500 pounds) which could be thrown from it. Three of those guns, one at Sumter, one at Enfilade Battery, and one at Fort Ripley, would I think supply the place of a good boom across the channel between Sumter and Moultrie. Should you think favorably of the project I hope you will support it toward the War Department.

Why could not 10-inch guns be made at Macon, getting the iron from Spartanburg, which I understand is about the best in the country, according to General Ripley?

Hoping to see you soon, yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

