
ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, November 11, 1862.

General H. COBB, Athens, Ga.:

You are this day assigned to the command of Department of Middle Florida, extending from the Suwannee to the Choctawhatchee River, habitual headquarters at Quincy.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 264. Richmond, Va., November 11, 1862.

* * * * * *

X. Brigadier General Howell Cobb, Provisional Army, is assigned to the command of the Department* of Middle Florida, and will establish his headquarters at Quincy, Fla.

* * * * *

XVI. Major General J. G. Walker will proceed to Little Rock, Ark., and report for duty to Lieutenant General Th. H. Holmes, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department.

* * * * * *

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA., Numbers 95. Charleston, S. C., November 11, 1862.

I. The chief of staff superintends and directs all branches and departments of the service, and is responsible for the thorough efficiency of the whole military mechanism.

II. All field and other military works in the department will be ordered, planned, located, and constructed as far as practicable only under orders from these headquarters, superintended by the chief engineer and his assistants, except when this course shall be impracticable or attended with undue delay, in which cases the commanders of districts will be authorized to give the necessary orders to and through the senior engineer officer on duty in their districts for immediate execution. Plans of the works thus ordered and the ends to be subserved by their construction will be promptly forwarded to these headquarters.

III. All officers and employes on duty in the engineer service in the department will report to and be under the orders of the chief engineer, except in cases provided for in the foregoing paragraph.

IV. Requisitions for labor to be done by soldiers and for supplies may be made on the post or district commanders by the chief engineer when practicable, or on occasion by the senior officer in charge of any work under construction, and they will be promptly obeyed, without reference to superior authority or to these headquarters.

---------------

*This command seems to have been recognized as the District of Middle Florida. See Beauregard to Cobb, November 21, p. 684.

---------------

