
V. The chief engineer will be expected to consult freely with the chief of artillery touching whatsoever in the construction of the works that may relate to the greater efficiency of the guns to be mounted and their protection when in position.

VI. As far as practicable the armament of all works in the department will be determined at these headquarters, but when this course will involve injurious delay district commanders will act after consultation with the senior engineer and artillery officers present.

VII. The chief of artillery will be advised in writing by the chief of ordnance with as little delay as practicable of all accessions of armament in his department, in order that the former may immediately assign the same to positions.

VIII. The chief of artillery is ex-officio chief inspector of all field and siege batteries and of heavy artillery in position in the department; he will also have command of any light and siege batteries in reserve or not assigned to brigades or other commands.

IX. Heavy artillery in position is not to be moved except when ordered through the chief of artillery (or direct) by these headquarters.

X. All changes of position of light batteries (except on field of battle) ordered by officers commanding district will be communicated at once or as soon as practicable to these headquarters through the chief of artillery.

XI. Requisitions for increase of armament in light and heavy batteries must be transmitted to these headquarters through the chief of artillery for examination and approval. Requisitions for equipments must be proportionate to the armament allowed.

XII. Commanders of forts and heavy batteries, as well as of batteries of light artillery, are strictly enjoined to keep their supply of ammunition fully up to the number of 100 rounds allowed them per gun, except for works at all liable to be isolated, when 200 rounds shall be provided.

XIII. Any expenditure of ammunition in action or practice will be certified at once to the chief of artillery, with a statement that a requisition has been made on the ordnance department to supply the deficiency.

XIV. Light and siege battery commanders will inspect their commands before guard mounting every morning, and will be held responsible that their respective batteries are prepared for action. They will also make such returns to the chief of artillery and ordnance as these officers may direct.

XV. Light batteries will be presented for inspection, with the ammunition chests filled, and implements, spare parts, &amp;c., attached to the carriages. The inspecting officer will particularly report any neglect in the grooming of horses, carelessness of harness, or neglect of material pertaining to the battery.

XVI. Ordnance stores will be issued from ordnance depots on requisitions approved by district commanders in the following instances. For field or siege batteries by commanders of such batteries; for forts and entrenched works by the commanding officers of the same; for regiments, battalions, independent squadrons, or unattached companies by their respective commanding officers. These requisitions will be in duplicate, one of which will be returned to the officer making in case it cannot be filled or only partially so, the ordnance officer having indorsed thereon why not filled.

XVII. Commanders of regiments, battalions, and unattached companies will be held responsible for the arming and equipping of their respective commands. Each non-commissioned officer and private must be armed with a musket or such other small-arm as can be supplied by

