
the ordnance department; 40 ball cartridges to be carried in the cartridge box of the soldier, in addition to 60 rounds per man, which shall be habitually provided as a reserve supply.

XVIII. Acting ordnance sergeants for regiments will be appointed as directed in paragraph V, General Orders, Numbers 24, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, April 16, 1862.

XIX. District commanders will designate in their commands a suitable staff officer, who will ascertain and report to the chief of ordnance of the department on the Saturday of each week whether each regiment, battalion, or unattached company is armed and equipped and has the prescribed quantity of ammunition as directed above. In the first report will be given the number and caliber of the arms in each regiment, battalion, and unattached company.

XX. District ordnance officers, or some other suitable staff officer to be designated by district commanders, will inspect all arms reported unserviceable by regimental or other commanders, and such as are unfit for service they will order to be turned into the depot. The inspectors will report to their district or other commanders all officers and men who have neglected or permitted their men to neglect their arms.

XXI. District commanders will organize schools of instruction, one for non-commissioned officers and the other for company officers, who will be required to recite each day such parts of the tactics and of the ordnance and Roberts' Manuals as may be deemed necessary. The senior artillery officer present at the post, in the absence of any one specially designated by superior authority, will be held responsible that these schools are regularly held and conducted.

XXII. All ordnance and ordnance stores taken or lost and the ammunition expended in action will be reported within three days thereafter to the chief or ordnance of each military district or organized brigade, who will forward a consolidated return thereof, through the chief of ordnance of the department, to these headquarters.

XXIII. Through the chief of ordnance will be supplied all guns, carriages, chassis, small-arms, ammunition, ordnance stores, and equipments of every description on requisition, approved by the chief of artillery or the proper commanding officer. The chief of ordnance will transport, mount, or dismount all guns when called upon to do so by the proper authority; he will also collect and keep in proper and convenient depots ample supplies of ammunition for all heavy guns, light artillery, and small-arms in service, or for possible contingent wants in the department.

XXIV. The especial attention of commanding officers is called to the following paragraph (VII), Special Orders, Numbers 48, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond,

------

1, 1862:

Commanding generals will have furnished to the Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance in this city (Richmond) monthly reports from the batteries as to the number of guns, their caliber, how mounted, a full list of the ammunition on hand, the exact locality of the batteries, whether for casemate or barbette guns, and whether the range is short or long. They will also instruct the officers in charge of the batteries to submit all requisitions for their appoval before forwarding them to the ordnance officer.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff and Acting Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DISTRICT GULF, Mobile, November 12, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: I inclose your letters of the Governors of Alabama and

