
Florida, expressing their desire that the three companies of Florida troops may be retained west of the Apalachicola. Your dispatch of November 11, answered by telegraph to-day, styles them cavalry. Two of the companies only are of cavalry. They are stationed respectively on the Apalachicola, near Dead Lake, and on Saint Andrew's Bay, at the head of the Northern Arm. The infantry company is near the town of Saint Andrew's. These troops are within my district, and playing an important part in guarding the coast and preventing the running off of negroes. I cannot replace them, and request that they be continued in their present stations.

General Finegan has exercised command over them heretofore and I wish him to continue to do so, for I have no one in that region of country to whom to intrust such command.

I will direct Major Johnston, quartermaster at Eufaula, Ala., to furnish supplies under General Finegan's orders, if so desired. I also send General Finegan copy of this letter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. H. FORNEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Tallahassee, November 5, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN H. FORNEY:

SIR: I introduce to your acquaintance Dr. John Erwin, first lieutenant of a company in your department commanded by Captain Robinson. There are two cavalry companies, one commanded by Captain Thigpin, the other by Captain Blocker, and the infantry commanded by W. J. Robinson. Dr. Erwin will give you all necessary information relative to them. General Finegan is making an effort to have the companies transferred to this department, in which event a very important portion of your department would be left entirely unprotected, and I hope you will co-operate with me in opposing the transfer, and issue the necessary orders to secure subsistence for the companies and for their active performance of duties.

Respectfully,

JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Montgomery, Ala., November 10, 1862.

The suggestion of Governor Milton is heartily approved, and I hope General Forney will accept and provide for the troops named. Major L. F. Johnston, quartermaster, C. S. Army, at Eufaula, Ala., can furnish needful supplies if ordered.

JNO. GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

CHARLESTON, November 15, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the satisfactory progress of the work on marine torpedo ram during the past week. The frame of

