
the new bow has been put up. The exterior of the timbers of the vessel has been dubbed off and the flanking commenced.

A large quantity of timber has been sawed out and prepared for use. I have secured the services of a number of hands (ordinary home carpenters), who will be put upon the work in a few days.

My supply of iron for bolts, although sufficient for immediate wants, is altogether inadequate for future requirements.

The designs for torpedo shells, with machinery for using the same, have been perfected, and the machinist only waits a supply of iron to execute his portion of the work.

The engines have not yet arrived from Richmond.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS D. LEE,

Captain Engineers, Prov. Army Confederate States.
HDQRS. FOURTH MILITARY DIST., DEPT. OF S. C., &amp;C., Georgetown, November 17, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Charleston, S. C:

GENERAL: The means at my command for the defense of this military district are extremely limited. The battery at Mayrant's Bluff is without support except such as is afforded by mounted troops and field artillery. The only infantry troops in the department is Colonel Cash's regiment, which, I regret to say, has arrived without arms and without ammunition. These troops are, besides, Reserves, and in service for only ninety days. It is questionable whether they can be rendered efficient in that time, even if well armed and equipped. At present they are literally worth nothing at all.

I beg leave respectfully to suggest to the commanding general that there are two, and but two, regiments of South Carolina troops now with the army of General Bragg; one of these regiments, the Tenth, Colonel Manigault, is composed entirely of men from this section of country, perfectly familiar with it and accustomed to the climate. They would make a most valuable addition to the forces of this military district, and if in accordance with his views I would respectfully recommend that an appeal be made to the War Department for their transfer to this department.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TRAPIER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, S. C., November 20, 1862.

The chief of staff will order a requisition made forthwith for the wants of Cash's regiment. No troops can now be spared from other parts of this department for the Fourth District. Application must be made at once for the two South Carolina regiments now in General Bragg's army of Department Numbers 2.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,General, Commanding.

