HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, S. C., November 18, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN,Commanding C. S. Forces, Tallahassee, Fla.:

GENERAL: It is the wish of the commanding general that you should remain in command of both districts, and at or about Tallahassee, until the arrival of Brigadier General Howell Cobb, who was been assigned to the command of the District of Middle Florida.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, S. C., November 21, 1862.

Brigadier General H. COBB,Commanding Middle District of Florida, Athens, Ga.:

DEAR GENERAL: Your letter of the 19th instant has just been delivered to me by Captain Barrow, your adjutant-general. The order* you refer to was not understood at first by me either, but I learn that you are to be in command of one of the districts (not departments) in Florida, under my orders, and Brigadier-General Finegan of the other. Your headquarters are to be at Quincy. General Finegan is at present in Tallahassee, where you will go to relieve him, and receive whatever instructions he may have in his possession from the War Department.

The means at our command for the defense of my Department (South Carolina and Georgia and Florida to the Chattahoochee) are very limited, so much so that I am unable to spare one man from South Carolina and Georgia for Florida at present, but I hope after the fall campaign in Virginia troops will be sent for the defense of my department. Meanwhile we must do the best we can by calling on the State authorities for all the assistance they can furnish us. I think on assuming command of your district it would be advisable to draw up a concise statement of its exact defensive condition and resources for the files of this department. General Finegan will do the same for his own district.

In conclusion, I am most happy that you have been ordered to assist me in the defense of so large and important a section of our country, and I have no doubt that with sufficient means the result can but be Honorable to yourself and advantageous to our cause.

I hope ere long to have the assistance of your brother in Georgia. I am happy to hear of his recent promotion.

Yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA., Numbers 229. Charleston, S. C., November 21, 1862.

I. The chief of ordnance will make the following changes and alterations in the position of certain pieces of heavy ordnance.

1st. The 32-pounder medium gun en barbette an painted red, on the

---------------

*See Special Orders, Numbers 264, November 11, 1862, p. 677, and Cooper to Milton, November 24 and 27, pp. 687, 689, and Cooper to Beauregard, November 26, p. 688.

---------------

