
CHARLESTON, S. C., November 26, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

I learn with regret from Colonel Rhett that the two 7-inch rifled guns have been turned over to Navy for Mobile, as the boom here is likely to prove a failure, which increases the necessity for much larger number of heaviest guns.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

RICHMOND, November 27, 1862.

Honorable JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida, Tallahassee:

The command of General Cobb has been enlarged to include that part of Georgia which embraces the navigable waters of Chattahoochee and Flint Rivers, and has been instructed to use his best efforts to obtain forces from that State. Alabama is within the department of General J. E. Johnston, lately assigned, extending west to the Mississippi River. He will be directed to use like efforts in obtaining troops from Alabama.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, S. C., November 27, 1862.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: About the 20th instant, having ascertained that a sufficient number of guns of the heaviest caliber could not be procured for the defense of this important harbor and that the floating boom across its entrance would possibly be a failure, I determined to hasten, by all practicable means in my power, the rifling and banding of as many 42 and 32 pounders already in position in the works of this harbor as time and the limited means under my control would permit. But having ascertained by actual experiment that the rifling and banding of a 32-pounder by the ordnance officer, Major F. L. Childs, in charge of the arsenal here, had taken more than four weeks to be completed, and having at least twenty other guns of that caliber and of 42-pounders to rifle and band in a similar manner, it became evident to me it would be utterly impossible to complete them in time for the pressing emergencies of our situation. About the same time Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, commanding First Military District, having informed me that he felt convinced he could have the alterations desired made in less than half the time taken by the ordnance department if I would place the matter under his control, and being extremely anxious to have the work done as soon as practicable I issued Special Orders, Numbers 229, of which the following is the section bearing on the case, viz:

PAR. III. The commanding general of the First Military District has the authority to direct and order the rifling and banding of such guns as require it within his command to the extent of the capacity for doing the work effectually, and may make requisitions directly upon the Charleston Arsenal or other proper source, through his district ordnance officer, for the necessary material for the work.

44 R R-VOL XIV

