
advance, nothing could have been better than the conduct of Captains Gray, Palmer, and Skinner, and Lieutenants Chamberlain, Atwell, Thompson, Townsend, and Greene. formidable as were the obstacles, I cannot help believing that had we passed a better knowledge of the ground the highest success would have crowned our efforts.

This regiment was most actively engaged in the reduction of Oft Pulaski, but this was the first time it had encountered a heavy direct infantry fire. To meet that discharge of grape and musketry was a severe test. When the ditch broke up our line the men did not leave the ground; they stood patiently until the line was formed, and our advances and retreats were in regular line and time. Surgeon Bacon and Assistant Surgeon Porter and their assistants were very industrious in bringing off the wounded, to which I attribute our small number of missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventh Regiment Conn. Vols.

Colonel WILLIAM M. FENTON,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Brigade.

Numbers 11. Report of Lieutenant Colonel MacLelland Moore, Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH Regiment MASSACHUSETTS VOLS.,James Island, June 17, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to your orders of this date I have the honor to transmit the following report of this regiment in the action of yesterday:

The line was formed with eight companies (two, A and F, having been detailed previously for fatigue at batteries) at 1 o'clock on morning of the 16th instant, with 60 rounds of ammunition, canteens filled with water, and twenty-four hours' rations in haversacks to each man, as per order. When we arrived we found two regiments engaged; marched the regiment by the flank through a gap in the hedge into a large field in front of the enemy's work; forward in column by company, and formed into line of battle on first company as soon as clear of hedge. While this latter movement was being executed one regiment that was in front fell back and broke through our regiment, throwing it into confusion. Forward again; marched by the flank through a dense bush on our left, and followed the edge of the bushes, which formed one side of a marsh to within 40 yards of the enemy's work. Here our progress was interrupted by a large fallen tree, between which and the enemy's work was an impassable marsh. On our right was an abatis of dense brush and on our left and front marsh. Here we lost many of the men who were killed and wounded in the regiment. Seeing that we could be of no possible use in this place with less than a platoon front to retaliate by fire on the enemy, and this position being raked by the fire of the gun on the corner of the enemy's work nearest the observatory, I ordered the regiment to retire. After getting back into the field I again formed line, and soon after was

