
Charges and specifications have been preferred against Major Childs by General Ripley, as per copy herewith. Before ordering a court I shall await the instructions of the War Department in this case. I can but express my regret at the occurrences just referred to, especially at this critical juncture, when so much energy and harmony should prevail in all the departments of the service; but I must be permitted to state, as my deliberate opinion, that so long as the arsenal is kept here in so close proximity to the headquarters of the department and of the First District so long will there be a clashing of authority between them, for in the military service an imperium in imperio cannot be permitted without a conflict of authority sooner or later. Moreover the chiefs of ordnance of this department and district, relying too much on the supplies of the arsenal, of which they are not fully informed, often make requisitions at too short notice, thereby causing unnecessary delays and confusion.

Again, the failure of the floating boom across the entrance of this harbor and the impossibility of obtaining a sufficient quantity of the heaviest ordnance (as already called for) renders the removal of the arsenal to a safer locality a matter of urgent necessity, leaving here only such stores and supplies as may be absolutely required for the immediate wants of this district and department. Several weeks ago I called the attention of Major Childs to the probable necessity of such a change of locality, and he reported to me a short time after that he had made the selection of a place in the northwestern part of this State for the arsenal to be removed to, and that he had given orders for the immediate construction there of the necessary buildings, &amp;c. I therefore respectfully but earnestly request the War Department to give such orders as will insure the immediate translation of the arsenal from this city to the place already selected by Major Childs.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

P. S.-The accompanying papers are inclosed herewith, marked as follows:*

A.-R. S. Ripley, brigadier-general, commanding: Reports circumstances connected with arrest of Major F. L. Childs, and incloses charges and specification against that officer.

B.-R. S. Ripley, brigadier-general: Charges and specifications preferred against Major F. L. Childs, C. S. Artillery.

C.-F. L. Childs, major, C. S. Army: In relation to his arrest by Brigadier-General Ripley for refusing to fill a requisition.

D.-G. T. Beauregard, general, commanding: Giving reasons for the arrest of Major F. L. Childs, &c.

CHARLESTON, S. C., November 30, 1862.

N. B.-This letter and accompanying papers have been delayed to enable Major General B. Huger to arrange this whole matter without resorting to a court-martial; but he has failed to do so. Major Childs, not yet understanding the gravity of his offense, seems to think that the ordnance department was created solely for the special benefit of its officers, and as I will necessarily be compelled to bring charges against him myself, I have the honor respectfully to request that the War De-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

