
consists of five companies of infantry, one of cavalry, one Partisan Ranger, and one battery of artillery, in all not amounting to 700 effective men.

I need not say to you that his is for the purpose no force at all. I shall bring the subject in formal reports to the attention of the proper departments; but I address you this unofficial letter because I think you should know the facts, and because I should like very much to have your views on the points I have suggested as far as your time would enable you to consider them. I have no hesitation in saying that I could raise in a very short time an ample force for this defense if the law would authorize it and your judgment sanctioned and approved the plan.

If the persons whom I would authorize to raise companies and regiments would be commissioned to the commands after raising the troops and were authorized to take men subject to the conscript law and can be armed and equipped after being raised, I feel confident that I could in a very short time have in the field as many regiments as might be required. I might want a few officers from the Army to aid me in raising the men, and whose experience would be important in organizing and disciplining the new troops.

I submit the suggestion for your consideration. If it could be done I should be greatly gratified to have my old regiment, the Sixteenth Georgia, as a nucleus for the new organization.

If you can do so I should be pleased to hear from you, not only in reply to the suggestions of this letter, but also to receive such suggestions as may occur to you in reference to the defenses of the district to which I have been assigned.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB.

CHARLESTON, December 3, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

The usual fleet is reported to have returned to Port Royal.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

COLUMBUS, GA., December 3, 1862.

GENERAL: At my instance Captain Moreno visits Charleston to lay before you the information he has in reference to the defenses of Middle Florida. He has examined pretty thoroughly the Flint, Chattahoochee, and Apalachicola Rivers, and I should be pleased to get your views in reference to the contemplated obstructions in the latter river. From all I can learn I think that the obstructions in the Apalachicola will be ample, but I desire to call your attention particularly to what I regard the point of danger. Whilst we will be able to resist successfully the passage of the enemy's boats up that river, I apprehend that the movement of the enemy will be from a different point. Landing their forces at Saint Mark's, they can march upon Tallahassee and thence to the Apalachicola; or, leaving Tallahassee to the right, make directly for the river. The march would be comparatively a short one, and the country being an open piney woods country, with no natural obstructions, it would be an easy one. If this movement was successful they could

