HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., December 7, 1862.

Dr. JOHN [R.] CHEVES,In Charge of Boom Construction, Charleston Harbor, S. C.:

DEAR SIR: The commanding general, in consequence of the report of the board directed on the 22nd ultimo, instructs me to direct the cessation of all future work on the bottom for the obstruction of the entrance into the harbor of Charleston.

You will please turn over to Captain Echols, Confederate States Engineers, the material employed or collected for the construction of the boom.

The commanding general desires you to continue in charge of the torpedoes being constructed for the entrance of the harbor.

I am further instructed to convey to you the thanks of the commanding general for the zeal and indomitable industry displayed by you in the construction of the boom in the face of so many difficulties and lack of resources.

Please have all the accounts connected with the boom construction made up as soon as practicable, and report the aggregate of expenditures under the several heads of material purchased, labor, miscellaneous.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, S. C., December 8, 1862.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,Commanding First Mil. Dist., Dept. South Carolina and Georgia:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to inform you that Major Harris reports the two redoubts in rear of Fort Pemberton as ready for their armament, to wit: One 24-pounder on siege carriage from the cremaillere line, and one 24-pounder in barbette from Fort Moultrie or Castle Pinckney.

The general requests that you have them sent to their positions as soon as practicable, without calling on the ordnance department if it can be avoided.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. O'BRIEN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Charleston, S. C., December 8, 1862.

Major D. B. HARRIS,Chief of Engineer Department S. C. and Ga.:

MAJOR: The commanding general directs that General Rains' submarine batteries shall the located in the following manner, to wit: Below Simmons' Bluff, in the Wadmalaw; below Grimball's, on the Dawho, and in the South Edisto River, opposite Aiken's Mill, or at some other convenient and fit place below the obstructions in the Pon Pon River.

