
You will also construct a magazine at Summerville for ordnance stores, to be stored in case of an emergency or necessity.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., December 8, 1862.

D. B. HARRIS, Major and Chief Engineer:

MAJOR: The commanding general wishes the battery at Church Flats to be converted at once into a small inclosed work, to hold two 12-pounder smooth-bore guns (now at the Rantowless Battery), an 18-pounder gun already ordered to it, and two 6-pounder (light) pieces to be transferred to it and placed in position on the land front.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 274. Charleston, December 8, 1862.

I. Two breech-loading rifled guns, recently received from the Ordnance Department Richmond, will be transferred to the commanding general of the Third Military District of South Carolina, who will man them from some company in Jefford's battalion, which will be organized and equipped for service as horse artillery, but remaining attached to the battalion .

II. The following disposition and arrangement of ordnance will be made by the proper staff officers without delay:

1st. One 12-pounder rifled gun, with all necessary implements, equipments, and 100 rounds of proper ammunition, will be transferred from the White Point Battery to a position at Mr. Lowndes' Mill, near Combahee Ferry, in the Third Military District. to which place also will be transferred at same time one 24-pounder siege howitzer from those in charge of Major Charles Alston at Hampstead, near Half-Moon Battery, 100 rounds assorted ammunition to be supplied with the gun.

2nd. Two 32-pounders and the 8-inch navy gun will be removed from Church Flats Battery to the works at John's Island Ferry.

3rd. The two 12-pounder and two 24-pounder smooth-bore guns at present at the Rantowles Battery will be transferred as follows: The 12-pounders to the work at Church Flats; one of the 24-pounders to the John's Island Ferry work, and the other to work at Wallace's. The Rantowles Battery will be left with an armament of field pieces only.

4th. The two 6-pounder rifled and banded guns in Major Alston's battery will be transferred to the La Fayette Artillery, now at Coosawhatchee, forming, together with their two 12-pounder howitzers, a complete battery of four guns. Their other guns will beset into depots.

5th. The two 10-pounder Parrott guns just arrived from Richmond will be given to the Washington Artillery, Captain Walter, in General Haggod's district, forming, together with their two 12-pounder howitzers, a complete battery, and their 6-pounder guns, if belonging to this State, will beer marked " S. C. " and sent to the ordnance depot.

