
6th. Captain Waties (Lieutenant-Colonel White's Palmetto Battalion Light Artillery) will turn in one of his three 6-pounder bronze guns, and will receiver instead one 12-pounder bronze howitzer from the three at the arsenal, when his battery will consist of two 6-pounder and two 12-pounder bronze howitzers.

7th. The 12-pounder howitzer remaining at the general will be issued to Captain Culpeper (Palmetto Battalion Light Artillery), who will turn into depot the iron guns in his battery, and two 6-pounder brass pieces will be given him instead, making a complete battery of four guns.

8th. The two 12-pounder bronze howitzers of Major Alston, turned into the arsenal as already ordered, together with two 6-pounder brass pieces from the arsenal, will be given to Captain Earle (Company A, Palmetto Battalion Light Artillery), stationed at Hardeeville, in leer of the iron guns he has at present, making him a complete battery of four bronze pieces. His iron guns will be placed at he disposal of General Walker, to be mounted in works of Third Military District.

III. The chief of ordnance will see that all the guns referred to in the above orders are provided with a sufficient quantity and proper quality of ammunition and equipments.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TALLAHASSEE, FLA., December 8, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: We have the honor to submit, for the information of the general commanding, that in assuming the command of our respective districts we have made such division and disposition of the force as will in our judgment to best for the interest of the service. We submit herewith a statement showing the troops to each district.*

The last returns from his office will exhibit the aggregate and effective strength of each company and of the whole command.

The inclosed statement will exhibit the fact that portions of the several organization are serving in each district. This arrangement is very objectionable, but in the present condition of affairs it could not be avoided. To have done otherwise would have required all the cavalry of both districts to be sent into one and nearly all the infantry of both to be in the other.

To avoid as far as practicable the evils of a portion of an organization being beyond the control of its chief we have issued orders regarding returns and reports, copies of which we have the honor to inclose.* This arrangement is intended as a temporary one, and will remain in force only until additional troops are obtained, when, with your approval, we propose to bring the whole of each organization under the same district commander.

We trust that the expected addition of troops to this portion of the department will enable us at an early day to do this.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HOWELL COBB,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Middle Florida.

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of East Florida.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

