
Looking to all reasonable contingencies, I think it prudent and wise to have a force of not less than 5,000 men. In the letter of General Cooper of the 26th of November to you a copy of which you inclosed to me, the general, alluding to the defenses of this district, says:

Under the pressure on the department for troops in various quarter it is feared that an accession of force in that direction may not be immediately given; but relying on the popularity of General Cobb, it is hoped that his efforts to obtain troops in his own State and the States adjoining will be so far successful as to enable him to collect a sufficient force aid from other quarters can be sent him.

Appreciating highly the kind feelings which dictated this generous complement, I propose to deal with the subject in a practical manner. I have already stated the extent of territory to be defended, and called your attention to the temptations which the abundant supplies in Middle and West Florida and the adjoining counties of Alabama and Georgia present, inviting an attack from the enemy. The map will exhibit the various points from which such an attack could be made.

I have also given you a statement of the force at my command to meet any attack or invasion that may be made. That it is would inadequate for any such purpose is manifest; indeed it is scarcely sufficient to discharge picket duty.

If, as suggested by General Cooper, I am expected to raise in my own and the neighboring States a force to supply this deficiency, either temporality or permanently, there is no time to be lost in effecting that object. At present I have no instructions to raise such a force, nor have I the power to raise that or any other force, nor did I know that the department was looking to me to do so. If, however, I am intrusted with the power and duty of raising this force I feel quite confident that I shall be able to do it in a very short time. To do so, I should be authorized to receive companies, battalions, or regiments, with such officers as they may present, and when approved by me commissions should be issued to them. Those who undertake to raise their companies, &amp;c., should be permitted to take all persons, whether subject to conscription or not. With these powers, and the announcement that they were raised for the defense of the defense of the country in my command, I will undertake to raise as many troops as the Government will agree to arm and equip for the purpose.

The President has the power under the law to authorize the raising of troops in the manner I propose. Between the operation of this plan and the conscript law all the force within the limits of their joint operation will certainly be brought into the field.

There is another mode by which this force could be raised, which, I will suggest for the consideration of the Department. It is to authorize me to call upon the Governors of Alabama, Georgia, and Florida for their respective proportion of the troops required. To carry out this plan it would be necessary to authorize the Governors to include in their call those subject to conscription. It is due to candor to say that I cannot look with confidence to the raising of the troops under either of the modes suggested if those subject to conscription are excluded from the number. Whilst the continued operation of the conscript law will stimulate volunteering and greatly expedite the raising of the troops, no injury can possibly result from the adoption of either of the plans suggested, as both volunteers and conscripts will alike be in the service of their country.

I have not yet made a personal examination of the defenses on the Saint Mark's and Apalachicola Rivers. I propose to visit both within

