
without its abutments, or a suspension bridge without its cables, and just as much, no more, a subject for the exercise of private ingenuity as would be either of these under such circumstances. The surest and most economical remedy is to supply the evident deficiency.

The material already located is worth recovering; as it is, it is a nuisance; it has to be removed, or it will break loose and destroy any other structure in the vicinity.

The rope obstruction certainly cannot withstand it, and it will be useless to put down torpedoes while large masses of timber are drifting on every tide.

That which lies in the docks exacts constant attention. For any other purpose than intended it will have little value, and that little will deteriorate daily. It is clear that the whole of it has to be disposed of, or if rewrought into any new form for a boom that it will be a costly experiment without the sanction of authority, which it has in its present condition.

Suppose a man should build himself a house with strong and lofty walls, and should with a few slender rafters thrice fail in his efforts to cast a roof-span; ought he for that reason to despair and live forever after unsheltered? Would he not rather timber wanting, double his rafters and cover one-half of his house? But it is not one-half of the channel only that can be closed.

Let the boom be doubled on itself. The anchors, which were before at the enormous distance of 270, will then be only 135 feet apart. Surely this is worth a trial. If this plan succeeds, there is enough of the boom to close the whole channel in that way.

The facts to which I wished most especially to draw attention are: First, that in the trial section last placed the anchors were 270 feet apart; that I did not, and I believe no reflecting person did, consider that enough to insure the stability of the boom, but as I did not hope to be sustained in a greater expenditure of material I tried it at the maximum I thought I could get and the minimum I thought would do, and it did hold perfectly until in a certain spring tide the force of the current much exceed its nominal rate.

Secondly, that an experiment with one section in the manner I propose can cost very little trouble, and as the enemy is not expected to come immediately, it may decide the question favorably and in full time for its application.

Thirdly, that the boom could be beached in some suitable place, and thus not only do no harm, but be out of harm's way and avoid being water-logged.

Fourthly, that the material, consisting of cast iron, wrought-iron, and coal, for which we have been waiting and the want of which is the sole cause of unsuccess, has now at last come or is coming abundantly.

Fifthly, that excellent chain has been made under my orders, and that it require little, more than half the time to make as estimated at the last official consideration of the work.

Finally, from a gentleman to whom I was referred by General Gist for information relative to the subject, I am informed that the yield of iron from the Souther mines is rapidly increasing, and that the production of a hundred owns is now the work of only a few days; hence it cannot continue long to be so precious either to the public or to the Government.

To these observations, which I have made with the desire to prevent any precipitate action in the matter, I will take the liberty of adding some views relative to the general plan of obstructing the channel.

