
There are, as I have observed, over 3,000 yards of the boom capable of being laid. The distance between the forts may be considered as 1,600 yards, but the width of the water in which a vessel would venture does not exceed 1,400 yards. If the boom were laid in a triple line, connected together loosely, the number of anchors allotted would place two (one up and one down stream) at every 90 feet, which I think would give a strong security for its remaining in place. This being located in the middle would leave but a short distance on each side between its extremities and the forts.

In these space I propose to sink such hulks as can be procured, which, though insufficient to obstruct the passage, would render the navigation of it uncertain and dangerous. In addition to this, any small hulls of vessels, or even flats, might be moored, floating, and charged with powder and combustibles, and be connected with the forts on either side by electric wires, so that thy could be exploded at any desired moment.

I most earnestly solicit a consideration of the statements above made, both in regard to their correctness and value, in the hope, that an experimental section may be ordered in the manner proposed; that the rest may be disposed of so as to preserve it, and that the construction of mooring chains may be continued. I do this with the firm conviction that the work is almost a necessity for the completeness of the defense and in confidence of its ultimate success.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN. R. CHEVES.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, &amp;c.,Charleston, S. C., December 12, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the chiefs of engineers of the department and of the State for their remarks as soon as practicable. They will please state also:

1st. When this boom was commenced.

2nd. How much of it is at present in a useful condition.

3rd. When could it be completed if carried on on the present plan?

4th. Can anything in your opinion justify the hope of its being completed with success and in time?

5th. What is its present cost, and what would be its final cost if completed on the present plan?

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

For final decision see letter to Dr. Cheves of December 18, 1862.

G. T. B.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., December 10, 1862.

Brigadier General H. COBB,

Commanding District of Middle Florida, Tallahassee, Fla.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 3s instant has been duly received and considered by the commanding general, who instructs me to answer it as follows:

