
Captain Moreno was at these headquarters some days ago and received verbal instructions to this effect: The Chattahoochee is to obstructed at Fort Gaines, and a battery to be erected to cover the obstructions for two 32 and one 24 pounder pieces. At Rock Bluff, 54 miles above the junction with Flint River, another obstruction is to be established, with batteries commanding it, one of three 32-pounders, one for two 24-pounders, and the third for two 18-pounder guns. At the Narrows, at Fulton's Bend, on the Apalachicola, 16 miles below junction with the Flint River, other obstructions and a battery for one 24 and one 18 pounder gun, are kikewise to be constructed. In their way will be disposed the twelve pieces which Captain Moreno has available at present. The positions just named are all regarded as favorable from the ends in view.

Captain Moreno will be further instructed to examine Flint-River, with a view to finding a good position (on the north bank if possible) for a battery for three or five guns and obstructions no to exceed 500 yards distant from the work. Heavier guns will be procured if possible. In relation to the suggested danger to be apprehended, that the enemy may land in force at Saint Mark's, march via Tallahassee, or by a more direct route to the left of that place, on the Apalachicola River, and thus turn the obstructions, it is the opinion of the commanding general that the distance and character of the country to be traversed will be found highly unfavorable for such an attempt. To insure success or guard against serious disaster the enemy would be obliged to move in larger force than he can bring to bear for such an enterprise at present it is believed.

I served myself for several years in Middle Florida, and scouted repeatedly the whole region from Saint Mark's and the Wakulla River to the Ockocknonee and along both banks of the latter river, which is a considerable stream. Its banks can only be approached (except through dense hammocks and almost impenetrable morasses, which line both sides) at one or two places from its double mouth to almost the point of crossing beyond Tallahassee. There is no place where an army or considerable force marching from Saint Mark's and leaving Tallahassee to the right, whether moving up the west bank of the Wakulla or passing around its head, can effect a passage of the Ocklockonnee, except at Jackson's Bluff, where the pine woods reach the water's edger for a short distance on the southern of the stream, with a dense, somewhat dry, hammock on the northern bank. It was there General [Andrew] Jackson crossed his forces when he penetrated the country, and traces of his trail yet remain, which struck the Apalachicola below the obstructions to be constructed by Captain Morene. Such, too is the character of the country between Saint Mark's and the Ocklockonnee and between that stream and the Apalachicola in the winter season that I feel assured it would be found impracticable for any considerable force; while the crossing at Jackson's Bluff would prove [such] a difficult undertaking, especially in face of an opposing force of fare inferior strength, that the route by Tallahassee would be resorted to in preference . Any force penetrating by the longer route of Tallahassee must still cross the Ocklockonne, and as well as I remember at a point generally if not always unfordable, and where a much smaller resolute force resolute force could interpose an effectual resistance.

Any force landing at Saint Mark's or Port Leon must necessarily have with it its own means of transportation; for as soon as a descent on the coasts should be made in such force as to indicate such an expedition nothing were easier than for you to cause the timely removal be

