
yond the reach of the enemy of all the means of transportation of the planters in Middle Florida. In this way a delay would ensue, during which all the defensive resources of Middle Florida and of the adjoining sections of Georgia could be collected for a successful resistance. Under these circumstances the commanding general is mainly solicitous that such obstructions should be constructed in the Apalachicola and Chattahoochee Rivers, with defensive works to cover them at points which cannot be turned by a force thrown up the Apalachicola by transports supported by gunboats.

The commanding general regrets profoundly the utterly inadequate force under your command, but sees at present no way for increasing it. You are authorized, however, in an emergency to call on the Governors of Florida and Georgia for any troops at their disposition.

The general will be pleased for you to communicate your views and wishes freely and fully at all times, and will comply with your requisitions to the utmost of his limited powers.

There are certain companies of troops west of the Apalachicola over which you are to exercise command. A copy of General Forney's leather on the subject will be transmitted to you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Since the foregoing was written Captain Moreno has been telegraphed to construct the battery at the Narrows for three guns instead of two, and to substitute two 32-pounders from Fort Gainess for the 18-pounder originally designed for the Narrows' work .

CHARLESTON, December 10, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General Richmond:

Guns are now being rifled and banded here under my orders at rate of one per two and half days instead of thirty-five days, as heretofore.

Cannot a rifling and banding establishment be added to foundry at Savannah for guns there?

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 122 Charleston, S. C., December 11, 1862.

* * * * * * * *

IV. So much of the XIIth paragraph, General Orders, Numbers 95, from these headquarters as relates to guns in works liable to be isolated is modified to refer only to the important heavy guns. The remainder of the armament of such posts will be provided with ammunition at the discretion of the district commander.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

