
they did in good order, although under fire. The regiment, however, and become much scattered, owing to the great number of officers who had fallen. A portion of the regiment was again formed upon the colors, and took up position of a section of the First Connecticut Battery.

The veteran coolness with which the Eighth Michigan Volunteers moved forward upon that battery and the liberal execution of their instructions under such trying circumstances were most admirable. the conduct of the men speaks much more for the bravery of their officers than anything that I can say, yet I cannot regain form mentioning Major Watchon, who so gallantly conducted the right wing; Captain Doyle, who led the van to the very parapet, and stood upon it amidst a storm of bullets, coolly "spotting" his man with each discharge of has revolver, and not quitting it until his arm fell powerless by his side, shattered by a shot; Captain Church, who fell at the feet of the enemy, sword in hand, cheering on his men; Captain Guild, who fell in the hottest of the fight bravely fighting, musket in hand; Captain Pratt, who, though wounded, still led on his men until he fell from sheer exhaustion; Captain Lewis, who was severely wounded in the first fire; the gallant conduct of Lieutenants Donohue and Cottrel, who fell severely wounded at the has of their commands; also of Lieutenant Bates, commanding Company F, and Lieutenants Hutchinson and Smith. I take great pleasure in mentioning the coolness, patient attention, and skill of our surgeon, J. C. Wilson, and notwithstanding the great disadvantage of having no assistants no one was neglected, but all made as comfortable as possible. And before closing this report I wish to terrify my gratitude for and admiration of the valuable services and daring bravery of Lieutenant Lyons, of the commanding general's staff, who was chosen as the guide of the Second Division owing to his superior knowledge of the route, gained by his daring personal reconnaissances, and when we arrived in front of the enemy's works he dashed to the front, and with a "Come on, boys," he displayed his willingness and ability to guide us into as well as up to the fort.

Upon the withdrawal of the forces the regiment was ordered to bring up the rear of the division, so that the Eighth Michigan were the first in and last out. I much desire, if space were allowed, to make mention of some of the cool and daring acts of bravery on the part of some of the privates and non-commissioned officers of this regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK GRAVES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant LEVI C. BRACKETT,

A. A. A.. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., North. Divst., Dept. South.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel Daniel Leasure, One hundredth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., NORTH. DIST., DEPT. SOUTH,James Island, S. C., June 17, 1862.

CAPTAIN: The undersigned respectfully reports that pursuant to orders from division headquarters the Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers and that portion of the One hundredth Regiment Pennsylvania

