HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MIDDLE FLORIDA,Quincy, December 11, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: On the 9th instant I made a visit to Saint Mark's and examined the condition of the defense at that point. The narrow and difficult channel of the Saint Mark's River, with the obstructions placed in it, renders the approach of the enemy up that river almost impracticable. The fact that no important result would be accomplished by them in taking Saint Mark's renders such an approach very unlikely.

The defenses at Saint Mark's are of themselves in a very unsatisfactory condition. There is a small vessel there, under the command of Lieutenant McGary, of the Navy, with an armament of three guns-one 32 pounder rifled and one Parrot and one Blakely gun of small caliber. She also has two 32-pounders in a barge. All these guns are in good order, but both on account of the character of the boats and the want of men to man them would be of little or no service in resisting any formidable attack.

The fort at Saint Mark's has five guns-three 32-pounder and two 24-pounders. One of the 32-pounders a pivot barbette and the others are in half-finished casemates; the whole of them in bad condition for active service. The carriages are badly constructed, of new timber . I should rely very little upon the guns of the fort but for the fact that there is no reason why the enemy should hazard anything to get possession of Saint Mark's. I have, however, directed such changes and improvements as the means at my command would enable me to make.

If the enemy should attempt a movement in that quarter I am very decidedly of the opinion that their policy would be to land their troops either at Shell Point or the west side of the Saint Mark's River or at the light-house on the east side, and march into the interior without reference to Saint Mark's. Indeed if the object was to take Saint Mark's the best plan would be to attack it in rear this way.

I leave here in the morning to visit Apalachicola River with Captain Moreno and the commissioners appointed to make the obstruction that river.

I am happy to learn by letter from Captain Moreno that he is fully instructed by you in reference to the obstructions in that river.

I repeat my earnest recommendation for additional troops in this district, and hope soon to receive a favorable answer to the suggestions contained in my letter to you from Tallahassee of the 9th instant.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Middle Florida.

CHARLESTON S. C., December 12, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

Tenth instant Banks' fleet, with about 10,000 men, left suddenly its southern course and made directly for Cape Lookout. This is reliable.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

