
telegraphic cipher for use between us in caused of importance. You will please give him all necessary information relative to your present condition, future intentions, and present available means.

I have ordered 5,000 men and three light batteries (all excellent troops) to held in readiness, under Brigadier General S. H. Gist, to be sent to your assistance whenever called for by you, if they can then be spared from here.

Should the contingency contemplated by the War Department occur, and my presence be required by you, I will hasten to join you, although I have little doubt that you will be able to take good care of General Banks and his associates.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 14, 1862.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING,

Commanding, &amp;c., Wilmington, N. C.:

General Gist's commanding moving to your assistance 9 o'clock to-night.

THOMAS JORDAN.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 252. Charleston, December 14, 1862.

* * * * * * * *

IV. The following transfers and rearrangements of ordnance will be made by the proper staff officers:

1st. One 12-pounder rifled siege gun will be transferred from position Numbers 12, western lines, James Island, with 100 rounds of ammunition, to the Third Military District, for disposition in the battery at Barnwell Rhett's place, Ashepoo. Also to the same battery one 24-pounder iron siege howitzer, formely in charge of Major Charles Alston, jr., with 100 rounds of suitable ammunition.

2nd. One 12-pounder rifled siege gun will be transferred, with 100 rounds of ammunition, from position 13, western lines, James Island, to work at Wallace's, near Ranatowles Creek.

These rifled pieces will be applied for to the commanding general of First Military District.

* * * * * * * *

VI. Brigadier General S. R. Gist is hereby placed in command of all troops to be detached from this department to the assistance of Brigadier General W. H. C. Whiting, at Wilmington, N. C., to whom General Gist will report for orders.

VII. The troops will be brigaded as follows: First Brigade, all troops from the First and Second Military Districts of South Carolina, with one light battery from First District, Colonel C. H. Stevens commanding; Second Brigade those from the District of Georgia, with one light battery from First Military District, senior colonel commanding.

VIII. The third battery will be held in reserve by Brigadier General S. R. Gist.

* * * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

