
he assigned me here, and his reply was, "It is little enough, surely; we will send you all we can." Up to this time, however, we have been able to get but three regiments, numbering about 1,600 men, and two batteries. Of the I have sent off two regiments and one battery to Evans' aid. Banks may wait the result of Foster's movement; may attack at any moment; hence the imminent necessity of the troops here. I fear Evans has been compelled to fall back from Kinston, the telegraph having ceased at that point. Troops, however, from Raleigh, Weldon, and this place have now reached him, and his loss yesterday is reported as trifling.

Had I received the amount of force estimated for as necessary to the defense here my intention against the land attack was to fight the enemy the moment he landed and to maneuver between him and the town, always having the lines of field works to retire into again. These field works are quite extensive and at some distance from the town; that is, beyond damaging range from fire. Seedling their extent and the total inadequacy of my force, immediately on my arrival I laid out an interior line of field works within the city limits, in addition to batteries of the heaviest guns I could obtain for the river defense upon the bluff overlooking the city wharves. These works are nearly completed, and can indeed be used at once. According, then, to the number of men at my disposal I shall either meet the enemy outside wherever he may be found or rest upon the works. One thing you ought to know. In case of defeat there is here no retreat open, and the force here must conquer or what is left of it must be taken. I have explained this in my letter to the Secretary.

I will keep you advised of everything both by letter and telegraph, and will show Colonel Rice all that is possible.

In the mean time I understand that Gick is on his way.

General G. W. Smith is at Goldsborough to-day.

Very truly, yours,

W. H. C. WHITING.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., December 15, 1862.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to introduce to you James A. Clendenin, esq., a gentleman of character and standing in this State, who is the bearer on my part of a copy of a joint letter from the Governors of Georgia, Florida, and Alabama, requesting the formation of a new military department as therein specified.

Mr. Clendenin has been engaged in a contract for the manufacture of salt upon the enemy; is well acquainted with the country, and can give you full and complete information of the necessity for the efficient military protection.

Numbers are escaping from the operations of the conscript law, and making this coast, now under the control of the enemy, their refuge. The appointment of General Howell Cobb to the department recently organized is highly satisfactory, and the extension of his command would, with the organization recommended, accomplish all that is desired.

Your obedient servant,

JNO. GILL SHORTER.

Governor of Alabama.

