
I cordially concur with Gov. Shorter in the expression that an extension of the boundary of General Cobb's department will be satisfactory.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery of the Confederate States:

SIR: We the Governors of Alabama, Georgia, and Florida, most respectfully unite in the request that you will order the formation of new military department, to be composed of the counties of Henry, Dale, Barbour, Covington, and Pike, in Alabama; of the counties of Decatur, Thomas, Miller, Early, Baker, Clay, Calhoun, Randolph, Quitman, Stewart, Muscogee, Chattahochee, Mitchell, and Dougherty, in Georgia; and of the counties of Leon, Gadseden, Wakulla, Jefferson, Madison, Liberty, Washington, Jackson, Calhoun, and Franklin, in Florida. Thoroughly acquainted as we are with the geography and resources of our respective States, and with the present military organizations in them, we feel strongly the necessity of this new department. It is almost impossible for General Forney, constantly engaged as he is and must be, in watching the movements of the enemy before Mobile, to give the proper attention to the counties in his department lying on the Apalachicola River, 200 miles to the east of him, and unconnected by railroad or telegraph; and it is equally impossible for General Finegan, while contending with the enemy in East and South Florida, to give the needed protection to the counties of Middle Florida, about the same distance to the west of him. We do not wish to cast a shadow of censure on either of these generals, but only to state that neither can do full justice to one portion of his department, as at present constituted, without neglecting another. We would briefly call Your Excellency's attention to the fact that the new department which we propose is in imminent danger of being overrun by the enemy very soon, he being induced thereto by its present defenseless condition, and its vast wealth in cotton, slaves, cattle, hogs, corn, &amp;c., and embracing, as it does, the important city of Columbus, in Georgia, and the capital of Florida, besides an extensive seaboard, along which thousands of the citizens of our respective States are now engaged in making salt for the use of themselves and neighbors, hundreds of miles in the interior. We know the embarrassments of the Government with regard to troops and arms, and the previous action of our States shows that we would be last to add to them. To supply troops to the department now proposed we respectfully suggest that we be authorized by Your Excellency to call for six-months volunteers, or for such other term as you may suggest (the shorter the term the more speedily we can raise them, and the danger is very pressing), from among those not subject to conscription and those subject to conscription between the ages of thirty-five and forty-five years, each regiment to elect its own officers, under its State laws, then to tendered to the Confederate Government, and be commanded by a brigadier appointed by yourself.

Hoping that this to us very important subject will meet Your Excellency's early and favorable consideration, we have the honor to be, most respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servants,

JNO. GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

