
N. B.-Copy of the above sent to the Governors of Georgia and Florida for their signatures respectively.

DECEMBER 23, 1862.

I signed this petition on the 8th of November, and forwarded it by mail to Governor Milton for his signature, with request that he mail it to the President. I now again unite with Governor Shorter in the request.

JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

Department of Justice, Richmond, December 28, 1862.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Let me ask your favorable consideration to the petition of the Governors of Alabama and Georgia, presented by the James A. Clendenin, esq. The object ought to be accomplished; the protection of the sections of the country indicated certainly deserve the prompt attention and active co-operation of the Government. I am sure your will not fail to give the petition at least a respectful hearing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. WATTS.

CHARLESTON, December 15, 1862.

Brigadier General W. H. WHITING, Wilmington, N. C.:

Some troops left here last night; balance will follow rapidly. Be prepared to make them cross Cape Gear River. Cannot enemy be taken in rear at New Berne.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., December 15, 1862.

Brigadier General J. T. TRAPIER,

Commanding Fourth Military District:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 13th instant, addressed to Colonel Gonzales, has been referred to me by him, and I have indorsed it as follows.

The application for two 8-inch columbiads for the work at Mayrant's is approved, but they cannot now be obtained. Against naval attacks I much prefer detached batteries of two three guns, well protected by traverses, so as to form a separate chamber for each gun, and the batteries being about 100 or 200 yards apart, according to the nature of the locality.

I approved on the 5th instant the application of the 2nd instant from General Trapier for two light pieces, to be put in position at Frazer's Point opposite Mayrant's Bluff. One 12-pounder smooth-bore and one rifled gun (Blakely), both on siege carriages, have been ordered to be sent from here to General Trapier for the object indicated.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding

