
CHARLESTON, December 15, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In obedience to instructions I would respective report the progress of the work on marine torpedo ram for the week ending December 13.

During that period the workmen have been engaged in preparing the exterior of the vessel for the calker. The ceiling of the interior is nearly completed, and the clamps are being put in for the decking. During this week it is hoped that the sponsings will be commenced.

After many delay, consequence on the Government not furnishing the engine and boiler proposed for the ram, I have at last succeeded in procuring the machinery of the steam-tug Barton, of Savannah, and have dispatched workmen to bring the same to this city.

The dimensions of this machinery (differing materially from that originally proposed) has made it necessary to modify the plans, without, however, making any radical change in the design.

I am informed by intelligent mechanics that the machinery of the Barton will give good speed to their ram, and am assured that it is in good condition and but little worn.

I have succeeded in collecting from various parts of the country a quantity of cast iron for prow and other castings required. The founders are now engaged upon these works.

It would greatly facilitate the undertaking if the armor plantings in possession of the Navy Department in this city could be transferee. The workmen are now prepared to bend and drill it to suit the angles of the sponsings.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS D. LEE,

Captain, Engineers.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 16, 1862-8 p. m.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING, Wilmington, N. C.:

Concentration is soul of war. Send my troops wheresoever presence can give victory. Foster's re-enforcements are Bank's command, of course, and altogether cannot exceed 25,000 men. If more, the worse for them, being mainly new Yankee levies. If we have concentrated troops enough for offensive I will come.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 16, 1862.

General GUSTAVUS W. SMITH, Goldsborough, N. C.:

What is your strength and condition? My re-enforcements will be with Whiting by the morning. Use cipher.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

