
points when anchors and chains can be procured. There is material on hand sufficient to lay one line of the boom. Ample allowances for contingencies is made.

We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

D. B. HARRIES,

Major of Engineers.

WM. H. ECHOLS,

Captain of Engineers.

N. B.-Dr. Chevers states that the floats are losing their buoyancy daily and he apprehends failure from this cause more than all others.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., December 18, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Charleston, S. C.:

Without re-enforcements from you General Smith's forces will be 6,000 of Confederate troops.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 18, 1862-11 a. m.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING, Wilmington, N. C.:

The message of G. W. is:

I have no cavalry and can find out little or nothing of the movements of the enemy. The troops from Richmond expected to-night. Move up the railroad to a point this side of Magnolia. Reconnoiter as far as you can. Use your own judgement. I will endeavor to keep you informed of my movements.

G. W. SMITH.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA.,Charleston, S. C., December 18, 1862.

Dr. JOHN R. CHEVERS, Charleston, S. C.:

DEAR SIR: Upon further and attentive consideration and investigation of the questions and matters submitted in your communication of the 9th instant, the commanding general cannot regard it as advisable to attempt to complete the boom obstruction according to the plan submitted in that communication and for these reasons:

1st. There is little if any probability that the number of anchors and amount of chain required (as you state them) can be procured in time to place the boom ready and in position for the impending attack of the enemy.

2nd. The time requisite for establishing boom in position, after deficient material shall be supplied, is stated by you at two months. Any attack of the enemy if made this season in all human probability will be made within that period. Moreover, in the light of experience with the work on this boom, the commanding general could not anticipate completion of the work within two months.

3rd. The material already in the boom or collect can be most ad

