
vantageoulsy employed on other obstructions;it is therefore thought more prudent to apply them in that manner than to absorb them in experiments in a most doubtful operation.

The commanding general desires at the same time to assure you that he has had ample evidence of the zeal, indomitable energy, and manifold resources with which you have struggled ot overcome the great and numerous difficulties which you have encountered in the construction of the boom-difficulties which under existing circumstances appear insurmountable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CAMP DOUGLAS, FLA., December 18, 1862.

Captain MORENO:

DEAR SIR: As requested, I hasten to report that the scout that went to Apalachicola on Monday last has just arrived. There were three gunboats lying at the end of the Strait Channel (2 1\2 miles from town.) My men went into town at dawn of day Tuesday. They did not stay long, but went out to a house 1 mile from town, where they could see any movement of the boats. They had not been there long before the Brockenborough, one gun on board, hoisted sail and made way for town . She had reached about half way when she anchored, some signals passing between her and the three gunboats. These signals were no doubt the result of a system of private signals from parties unknown in the town. Upon this eight or nine launches prepared started for town, men numbering about 250. My men went to town and showed themselves to the enemy and then retired, as per order of General Finegan, " not to fire into the enemy from Apalachicola." They were told that the enemy was preparing, and had been for some time, to ascend the river. There were three vessels (besides the three vessels (besides the three gunboats) in the West Pass and one in Saint Joseph's Bay.

The report my pickets brought that one gunboat was up at town was unfounded, there having been a large launch there, which the informant called a gunboat.

Yours, respectfully,

C. THIGPING.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 126. Charleston, S. C., December 18, 1862.

I. The following orders regulating the administration of the ordnance department and prescribing the duties of commanding officers in connection with ordnance and ordnance stores is published for strict observance by all concerned:

1st. District ordnance officers will mount, dismount, and through the quartermaster's department, transport all ordnance within their respective district.

2nd. The chief of ordnance will turn over to the ordnance officer of the First Military District, for the purposes mentioned in first clause, all appliances at present in his possession. He will also supply other discrits with the same, on requisition being made therefor, according to the necessities of the service.

3rd. The chief of ordnance will habitually issue from his depot or

