
through the Charleston Arsenal to district ordnance officers, on proper requisitions, such ordnance stores as may be required, the transportation therefor the be furnished by the quartermaster's department in the following manner:

For ordnance and ordnance stores for the First District the transportation will be procured by the district ordnance officer.

For other district they will be placed, subject to the orders of the chief quartermaster by the chief of ordnance at his depot or the arsenal for transportation as invoiced.

4th. All ordnance requisitions from commanding officers of troops in the field will show the stores requires, stores on hand, and stores to be supplied.

5th. All requisitions for infantry or cavalry will exhibit the number of non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates; for light artillery, will also show the number and caliber and description of the guns, number of caissons, with traveling forge and battery wagon, if any. On requisitions for ammunition for rifles guns, the precise description of the gun will be mentioned under the head of remarks; for instance, whether bronze or iron, banded or not banded, the length and weight of the gun, and particularly the weight of the projectile used. In all cases the post or station of the troops and the date of the requisition will be specified.

6th. District ordnance officers are charged with the duty or-receiving and issuing stores. They will endeavor to keep themselves informed of supplies [required] to meet immediate wants and probable necessities.

7th. District ordnance officers will see that the requisition sent to the office of the chief of ordnance and artillery are made out in duplicate and in proper form.

8th. Ammunition will be issued from depots according to General Orders and 200 round to field artillery; not more than 250 friction tubes per gun will be issued to field artillery.

9th. The chief of ordnance will have the several ordnance district depots inspected from time ot time, so that he may be kept informed of the amount and condition of stores held on hand or deficient.

II. Paragraph IV, General Orders, Numbers 95, current series, from these headquarters, is so amended as to the require monthly returns according to prescribed forms to be made to the chief of ordnance and ordnance stores in charge of all commanders of heavy artillery, light and siege batteries.

III. Paragraph XVII, General Orders, Numbers 95, current series, from these headquarters, is so far modified that the soldier will only be required to have and keep in his cartridge box 40 rounds of ball cartridges when in presence of the enemy expecting an attack or when about to take the field; at all other times not more than 20 rounds perman will be kept in the cartridge boxes; in addition, an box of a thousand rounds will be held on hand by each company commander, and the remainder of the 100 rounds per man prescribed by paragraph XVII, General Orders, Numbers 95, current series, from these headquarters, will be carefully stored in regimental depot; that is, either in wagons, tents, huts, or other suitable shelter. It is enjoined on company commanders to make daily, and regimental commanders frequent, inspections, to see that these orders are strictly observed and proper care is taken of all ammunition issuer or in store.

IV. All arms temporarily surplus in the several regiments, battalions,

