
and unattached companies in this department will be habitually,turned in at regimental or other headquarters to the ordnance sergeant, who will have them properly boxed up, labeled, and stored, in the nearest brigade, division, or district ordnance depot, held subject to be called for when required. A list of all arms thus stored will be promptly furnished to the chief of ordnance.

V. Paragraph V. General Orders, Numbers 24j, War Department, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, April-, 1862, is republished for the information of all concerned, and will be attentively observed in so far as now modified temporarily in the foregoing paragraph IV of these orders:

V. Every commanding officers of regiment will select from the non-commissioned officers of the regiment the one best qualified for the duty of ordnance sergeant. Such non-commissioned officer will have charge of all the surplus ordnance stores of the regiment, and will make returns of the same to the Ordnance Bureau. The arms and accouterments of the sicked and disabled of the regiment will be turned over to and be accounted for by him; he will exercise supervision over the arms and ammunition in the hands of the men, and report any waste or damage to the division ordnance officer through the colonel of the regiment. All such appointments will be reported through the general headquarters to the Chief of the Ordnance Bureau.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 19, 1862-10.15 a. m.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Steamer Cornubia, from Bermuda, just arrived at Wilmington. Cargo, blankets, medicines, and shoes. Captain says ship and cargo belong to Government. If entered in broad daylight, blockaders not molesting her.

T. G. BEAUREGARD.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 127. Charleston, S. C., December 19, 1862.

I. The personal and general staff of the commander of the department are announced as follows:

Personal staff.-First Lieutenant A. R. Chisolm, aide-camp; First Lieutenant A. N. T. Beauregard, aide-de-camp; Colonel A. S. Rice, volunteer aide-de-camp; Colonel J. L. Manning, volunteer aide-de-camp; Colonel W. Porcher Miles, volunteers aide-de-camp; Captain A. Ferry, volunteer aide-de-camp. General staff.-Brigadier General Thomas Jordan, chief of staff and assistant adjutant-general; Captain Clifton H. Smith, assistant adjutant -general; Captain John F. O'Brien, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant Edmound Kearney, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Joseph Manigault, assistant adjutant general and chief signal corps; Lieutenant Colonel A. Roman, assistant adjutant-general and assistant inspector-general; Major Henry Bryan, assistant adjutant-general and assistant inspector-general; Captain John F. Lay, assistant adjutant-general and assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant A. M. Haskell, acting assistant inspector-general; Major Hutson Lee, chief quartermaster; Major E. A. Delsonde, chief quartermaster in the pay department; Surg. R. L. Brodie, medical director; Surg. R. A.

