
Kinloch, medical inspector; Surg. S. Choppin, medical inspector; Major D. B. Harris, chief engineer; Colonel A. J. Gonzales, chief of artillery and ordnance.

II. The following officers are announced as chiefs of subsistence in the State in which they are respectively stationed:

Major H. C. Guerin, State of South Carolina, Major J. L. Locke, State of Georgia; Major A. A. Canova, State of Florida.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., December 20, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN,

Commanding District of East Florida, Tallahassee, Fla:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to authorize you to retain for the use of the troops of your command the following articles, as you request namely: 2,000 pounds cannon powder, 25 kegs rifle powder, 12 cases (240) muskets, 50,000 musket caps, 540 blankets, 438 pairs of pants, 1,000 pairs of shoes, part of the cargo of the steamer Cuba. The balance of the goods you will forward as soon as practicable to the points designated by the Quartermaster General and the other chiefs of bureaus.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLIFTON H. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP CLINCH, December 20, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel D. L. CLINCH, Waynesville:

COLONEL: At the special request of of Henry (who I wrote you had come over from the island) I again write in relation to the attack upon Charleston. As he was raised near the city he feels a deep interest in it. He says they are going to make great efforts to take it; that he overheard officers say that a few boats would engage the fort, while forty would land a large force somewhere near the city, and that they expected to take the city with this land force; a great many negroes would fight with them; he cannot tell where this place is they are going to land.

We asked when Savannah would be attacked. He said the Yankees say there is too much Northern property the city, and that Savannah was different from Charleston, as Charleston gave the first offense, and before they got through with it one stone shall not be left upon another. He says preparations were being made to plant an immense quantity of cotton on the island next summer, but that one of their spies returned on Thursday night and reported that I had come back from Savannah and had got permission to make an attack upon the island; that I was fixing up boats upon the Altamaha, and that the cars were bringing more troops for the attack. This spy stated he heard me tell one of the officers these things. This is a lie, but a conversation I had with Major Harris must have been overheard by some accursed traitor in our camps and communicated to the spy.

