
After getting your approval to make the attack upon the Pike's Bluff pickets I went quietly to work fixing the boats. The only person I spoke to was Mr. William Couper. I though it best to get his consent to use the Hopeton boats.

One night last week I spoke to Major Harris about it; that conversation was undoubtedly overheard. So soon as these thing were communicated the Governor made them a speech, and ordered everything to leave the island. On Monday night, in the hurry and confusion of leaving, be gave the sentinel the slip. His limbs are much swollen from long confinement. As soon as he can get about I will send him to you. He says their upon the Saint Simont's while we were there was some 15 or 18, and he knows it to the fact that the buzzards destroyed their dead whole surrounded the place. He also stated that a child and 3 negroes were killed in the scrape upon the Altamaha. There were no whites in the boat. I have no doubt that he gunboat that left the sound Tuesday took off the last negro on the island. The most of them were on board before Henry lift.

Would it now be well, colonel, to warn our commanders of this land attack against Charleston?

Very respectfully,

W. H. HAZZARD,

Captain Glynn Guard.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 21, 1862-8.30 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

General Whiting calls urgently for one 10-inch gun. Send him first one intended for this place.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MIDDLE FLORIDA,Ouincy, December 22, 1862.

General BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 10th instant was received on my return to this place on Saturday, the 20th instant.

If my letters of the 3rd and 9th conveyed the idea that I regarded the danger of a movement on the part of the enemy from Saint Mark's merely for the purpose of turning the batteries on the Apalachicola River as imminent I was misunderstood. What I intended to suggest was this: That in my opinion if the enemy ever made a serious invasion into this part of the country it would be attempted form Saint Mark's Shell Point or some point in that up the Apalachicola River. Such a movement on their part would not probably be attempted with a small force, and would not be resorted to merely for the purpose of getting control of the Apalachicola River; but if successful, would certainly give them the command of that river as soon as they got possession of it above of it the obstructions. This opinion I have seen no reason to change, though I fully appreciate the difficulties the enemy would have to encounter in such an undertaking.

Since my communication to you of the 11th instant I have visited and examined the points on the Apalachicola River which it is proposed to obstruct and fortify. Rock Bluff, on said river, is about 30 miles be

