
few brave men of the Seventy-ninth, who were there with a portion of the Eighth Michigan.

It was here that Lieutenant-Colonel Morrison was wounded, and many of the Seventy-ninth either killed or wounded, as were also some of the One hundredth Pennsylvania. The principal casualties to the Seventy-ninth New York occurred at this point form the enemy's musketry, while the principal casualties to the One hundredth Pennsylvania occurred during the few minutes that the center of the regiment was under fire of the guns of the fort, throwing every conceivable kind of missile, and that portion of the left which remained with a portion of the Seventy-ninth New York under partial cover of the ravine before spoken of.

The One hundredth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers went into the battle a fragmentary command. Three hundred and odd privates with the necessary officers, were on the advanced picket posts, not move than 130 of whom could rejoin before we went into battle. The previous morning report, as shown by Major Leckey's report, verified by the official report, shows 583 privates p[resent for duty. This would oleate 283 privated to go to battle, added to which the fragmentary portions of companies that were able to join from the pickets, amounting to not more than 130 men, would make the whole number of that command in battle not more than 400 men, with the necessary complement of officers, and of these 130 men who joined from pickets three companies did not arrive in time to join the regiment till it was under the thickest of the fire, when they joined on the left, and suffered severely. It was of these that Lieutenant Morrow was mortally and Lieutenants Blair and Galliland seriously wounded. During the formation of the column of attack 1 mile from the fort the Forty-sixth New York Volunteers, by orders of General Stevens, had proceeded to the left along the road toward Secessionville, to from, if possible, a junction with General Wright's troops on that side, but on my plan of advance being represented by my assistant adjutant-general the general directed that the regiment should be recalled and support the One hundredth Pennsylvania Regiment. This caused some delay, which was no disadvantage under the circumstance, as it enabled that corps to form in good line of battle, which it did, and marched steadily to the front until ordered to halt and remain in reserve. This regiment afterward advanced and took its position inthe brigade, when it was rallied at the hedge 300 yards in front of the fort.

As soon as the advance had been checked, and it was found impracticable for the few troops on the embankment to take the fort, Captain Stevens, as I am informed, ordered them to fall back to let the artillery play upon the works, which was accordingly done in very good order. Meantime about two companies of the One hundredth Pennsylvania Regiment Volunteers had rallied to their colors at the hedge 300 yards in front of the fort, and on these, with the assistance of Lieutenant Leasure, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Justice, acting post and division quartermaster, I soon succeeded in rallying the whole of my command, and formed it in regular order for attack where we lay, until orders came for us to fall back to the hedge in the rear, which we did in good order, bringing off our wounded and leaving our dead. During the battle two or my mounted orderlies were wounded and one had his horse shot under him.

I may be permitted to report further that at the time i arrived in front of the hedge near the oft I saw nothing of nay part of the supporting regiments of the First Brigade between the advancing Highlanders

