
tween the Apalachicola and Choctawhatches Rivers. Between the populated portion of that section and the coast and bays is an almost desert country of nearly 50 miles in extent. There is no reason to apprehend an invasion or raid of the enemy in that quarter beyond the salt-works on Saint Andrew's Bay. This interest has become an extensive and important one. If has already attracted the attention of the enemy, and two efforts have recently been made by them to break up these works. I found the few troops their stationed too far from the coast to render timely aid. I changed them to more convenient posts, and have taken steps to concentrate the operation in the saltworks within narrower territorial limits. These steps, in connection with the action of the Florida Legislature authorizing the organization of the salt-workers for their own defense, will, I hope, enable me in the future to prevent any serious interruption in these works.

In response to your suggestions of calling upon the Governors of Georgia, and Florida for troops in case of an invasion, I beg to remark that the Legislature of Florida, contrary to my expectation, failed to pass any law for the organization of the militia of the State to meet such an emergency. I am not informed what was the action of the Legislature of Georgia on the subject; but I must be permitted to remark that if compelled to rely upon the militia called out by the Governors, after all persons subject to conscription have been withdrawn from the States, the reliance will be a very frail and unsatisfactory one. My ordnance officer is now engaged in obtaining the necessary information to report on the amount and condition of the arms and ammunition in this district, and as soon as obtained I will forward it to you. In the mean time enough is known to say that we are destitute of arms, except such as are in the hands of our troops, and I would earnestly appeal for a supply of small-arms in anticipation of additional troops. Whether authorized to raise troops as asked for on compelled to rely upon the militia called out by the Governors, in either event arms and ammunition would be needed to be put in their hands. To do so in time for effective service they should be here, and for that reason I ask to be furnished with them as soon as possible.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

HOWEL COBB,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &c.

[Inclosure.]

ON BOAT INDIAN,

December 20, 1862-11 a. m.

General COBB:

DEAR SIR: We beg to report to you that we accomplished the sinking of our obstructions in the most satisfactory manner yesterday evening at 5 o'clock, and we have the best reason to think that the navigation of the river from above or below is now most effectually closed. To keep it so will be the work of those who may be placed there to defend the obstructions. For this purpose we beg leave to suggest the great importance of placing there at once 100 or 200 sharpshooters, to act as best they can until some guns are mounted, which latter will require, we think, ten days or two weeks to accomplish. One hundred sharpshooters, well divided and under such cover as they may be able speedily to erect, supported by the gunboat Chattahoochee, lying above the neck of land made by the river bend, would a worthy means of

