
defense until the land battery is completed. That you will take such steps as will cause this gunboat to be brought down immediately we urgently finished there, if practicable, upon a further rise of 2 feet in the river. The guns from Alum Bluff designed for this place can be sent down in advance of the completion of the battery. The plan decided on for mounting them is for McAllister to prepare suitable timber frame work at Columbus (which can be speedily done), take them down and mount the guns (three), and then fill in with sand, as is done in the trestle work on railroads. This regarded as the speediest way of getting them in position on account of the great difficulty of getting sand enough (14 miles distant) for immediately elevating the whole battery. Lumber, carpenters, and materials are promptly available only at Columbus.

We beg you to urge on Governor Milton to press forward to that point 50 negroes immediately, with overseer, to go no with necessary work. We left 50 negroes there already at work and a detachment of about 20 men from Alum Bluff.

We would respectfully repeat our judgment as to the necessity of sending down from Alum Bluff 100 or more men to defend as sharpshooters any advance of the enemy by gunboat or launches from Apalachicola.

We inclose your letter from Captain Thigpin; also newspaper slips from Columbus paper.

We cannot refrain from expressing to you our sincerest regret and sympathy for the loss of your lamented and distinguished brother, fighting at the outpost of danger and duty for our common safety.

We have the honor to be, very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

JAS. M. CHAMERS,

JAS. F. BOZEMAN,

State Commissioners.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST. S. C., GA., AND FLA.,

Charleston, December 26, 1862.

In case the proposed attack upon this harbor is known beforehand special directions will be given for the service of the different batteries. As, however, it may happen that a surprise may be attempted, or that the intervening time between the knowledge of the intention and the event may be too short, the instructions hereinafter contained will be carefully attended to.

Each commanding officer of a fort or battery will give his attention immediately to the strengthening of his carriages and the complete preparation of his material. Besides making the proper requisition on the staff departments let him endeavor to do as much as possible from his own resources. While staff departments are to a great extent crippled for want of material and workmen, much can be accomplished by ready expedients without their aid. Every carriage must be kept carefully screwed up, and if any are defective, made at least temporarily efficient. All the elevating screws, eccentric wheels, and traversing gear must be put in order and kept so, and especial care must be taken to see that a full supply of small implements is constantly on hand.

Ammunition should be examined and immediately apportioned to the several guns, reference being had to the orders heretofore given on that subject; but where the quantity is not sufficient the greater por-

