
the center above indicated. The fuses will be of the full length and the shells have large bursting charges, it being better to have the fuses fail than the shells to burst in the air, and the full effect of the explosions being desirable if successful. The mortar batteries will be fired by battery when the enemy's vessels are about two ships' lengths from the point on which they are trained.

If the fleet is large the mortars will be kept trained on the same point and fired by battey as rapidly as possible while the fleet is passing. If small, and a portion has passed the first circle of fire, the mortars of First Sumter will be trained to operate on the second circle, the center of which will be at a point about midway between Forts Sumter and Ripley and to the southward of the Middle-Ground Shoal. It will be formed by the heavy guns of Fort Johnson, Fort Ripley, Castle Pinckney, Battery Bee, and the northwestern and western faces of Fort Sumter.

The guns of Forts Johnson and Ripley and Castle Pinckney will open on the leading vessels as they come within easy range, care being taken that every shot finds its mark. Those of Fort Sumter and Battery Bee will continue upon the leading vessels as long as they are closes, but if they elongate their distance the fire will be concentrated on the vessels nearest them.

Should andy vessel succeed in passing the second circle of fire the third will be formed and put into action by the guns of White Point Battery and Battery Glover, with such guns of Forts Johnson and Ripley and Castle Pickney as will bear. Concentration on the leading vessels will be the object as before.

During the action care will be taken as far as possible to prevent the chances of shot from the batteries taking the direction of our own works. The best way of doing this will be to let none miss the enemy, and when he is between the works most especial accuracy will be striven for.

The vessels of the Confederate Navy will engage during the action, and they many often pass our batteries. In this case officer and gunners cannot be too careful to avoid hitting them. The fire by battery as a general thing will be discontinued at those vessels of the enemy which our ships engage closely; but if occasion offers endeavors will be made to hit the ports of the revolving turrets on the enemy's vessels when turned from our ships, to disarrange and throw out of gear the machinery for closing the ports.

Accurate fire by single guns will be concentrated on the enemy's vessels if two of more attack one of ours, and should the distance admit then it will be advisable to pour upon one of them a heavy fire by battery.

The plunging fire from Fort Sumter is expected to be particularly effective, and when single rifled guns are fired from the barbettes of that fort it will be well to hit the grated roofs of the turrets with squareheaded bolts, followed by shells filled with molten iron.

The square-headed bolts for the 10-inch columbiads and the heavier guns will be fired by battery when the enemy is within close range. Solid shot and bolts will be used generally against iron-clads during the action.

The furnaces for melting iron and heating shot will be kept in heat, and heated projectiles will be used whenever occasion offers advantage. Should it happen that any of the enemy's vessels become disabled and endeavor to get out of fire the outermost batteries must pay particular attention to prevent them, and in case other of the enemy's ships

