
come to the assistance of the disabled let every gun and mortar which will bear be turned upon them by battery.

The great object of the enemy will probably be to run by, and every effort must be made to crush him in each successive circle of fire which he encounters.

Hog Island Channel will be obstructed, and the obstruction must be guarded by the long range guns of Fort Sumter and the columbiad of Battery Bee nearest it.

It is doubtful whether the enemy will attempt to pass by Folly Channel. If he does, a circle of fire will be formed by the guns of Fort Ripley, Castle Pinckney, and White Point Battery.

The position of torpedoes will be communicated to commanding officers, and the effort made to drive the enemy's vessels upon them if he is taking other courses.

The obstructions will also be designated, and under no circumstances will the enemy be permitted to reconnoiter them.

The headquarters of the undersigned will be at Fort Sumter, and directions be sent by telegraph and signal to the different post should anything require special directions.

Batteries Marshall and Wagner will be worked to the extent of their capacity for injuring the enemy by their commanding officers, without unduly exposing their commands.

The directions given above relate generally to the defeat of an attack by the enemy's fleck alone. Should a combined attack be made by land and water other orders can be issued, as nothing of that kind can be done by surprise.

The present circular will be studied and reflected upon by all officers who will be engaged in this Honorable duty of the coming defense. With careful attention, coolness, and skillful gunnery success is far more probable.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Official:

WM. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, December 28, 1862.

General JOHN GILL SHORTER, Montgomery, Ala.:

The boundaries of General Cobb's district extend from the Suwannee to Choctawhatchee River, in Florida. He is principally charged with the defense of the Chattahoochee and Apalachicola Rivers against the approaches of the enemy's boats, and his command necessarily embraces both sides of these rivers.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 28, 1862.

Brigadier General H. COBB, Quincy, Fla.:

Suggestions relative to batteries at Narrows are approved of. Application for gunboat, as requested, has been made to Navy Department. Mail arrangement is approved.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

