
and the fort, and only a portion of the Eighth Michigan, who led the attack in front of the fort, that regiment having already been decimated by the murderous fire through which we all had to pass. The troops under my command behaved with much intrepidity and coolness, and did not shrink from exposing themselves, as the list of casualties will show, and did not at any time evince any tendency to panic, though to maintain a portion for two and a half hour under a constant stream of fire was an affair calculated to try the disposition of soldier pretty thoroughly.

Accompanying this report please find the reports of the several regimental commanders, together with their lists of casualties. I must return to the officers of the several regiments my thanks for their steadiness and coolness and for their ready and prompt obedience to my orders. Lieutenant S. George Leasure, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Jefferson Justice, quartermaster of the Ohio hundredth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting post and division quartermaster, deserve my marked approbation for most effective assistance and for setting an example of coolness and is regard of personal danger that aided materially in preserving coolness and intrepidity throughout the command.

All of which is very respectfully reported.

DANIEL LEASURE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

HAZARD STEVENS,

Captain, A. A. A. G., Second Div. North. Dist., Dept. South.

Numbers 14. Report of Colonel Rudolph Rosa, Forty-sixth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-SIXTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,James Island, S. C., June 17, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to your orders I have the honor to report that the Forty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers left the cm on the morning of June 16, numbering 452 enlisted men and 22 commissioned officers. It was the last regiment in the brigade under your command. About three-fourths of a mile from the place of action the order was given to advance in double-quick time. The regiment was conducted to the right of the road, over a very uneven field, and over a deep ditch with hedge, which runs in front of the fort at a distance of about one thousand paces. The regiment was then formed in line on the left wind of the brigade under your command, and then advanced to about 400 paces of the fort, where a very marshy ravine covered with bushes to the left seemingly offered the means of approaching the oft under cover. At this moment parts of the Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Regiment and seventh Connecticut Regiment in retreating from this ravine threw themselves on our left wing, taking with them about 50 or our men. At the same time the fort, which till then had fired with solid shot, began to fire at us with heavy grape. The line of the brigade fell bacon in general and the order for retreating was given. Nearly all our losses occurred in these movements from the heavy grape of the fort. The regiment retreated behind the ditch with hedge before mentioned, formed behind, and stood there for about fifteen

