
CHARLESTON, S. C., January 6, 1863.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER, Savannah, Ga.:

Send back troops here recently at Wilmington properly provided for the field except means of transportation-four day's rations (two days' cooked); also camp equipage. Answer.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., January 7, 1863.

M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of the State of South Carolina, Columbia, S. C.:

DEAR SIR: I deem it my duty to acquaint you that the enemy is reported to be assembling in heavy force at New Berne, N. C., as is supposed, whit a view to move on both Wilmington and Weldon at the same time. These operations, if successful, will cut off our communication with Virginia and the seat of Government. Charleston and Savannah may however, be the real point of attack; or if not, after the accomplishment of the enemy's purpose with respect to Wilmington and Weldon, would assuredly become the objects of a most formidable expedition. Timely preparations, therefore, should be made for such a contingency, and all the available defensive resources of you State should be held in readiness. Every fighting man in South Carolina and Georgia should be ready to spring to arms to encounter the invader, and these Abolition mercenaries should meet with such a reception as should make them rue forever the day the attempt was made. From this seaboard to the mountains the alarm should be sounded to call all men within our borders to be ready to march at the first signal to defend their country and the homes of the dauntless patriots now absent in arms in Virginia and Tennessee. On that it is hoped, under the inspiration of the occasion, there will be found neither laggard nor cowards. I shall be pleased to be informed as soon as convenient to what extent I may be able to rely on assistance in such an emergency as I have indicated.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES ON SULLIVAN'S ISLAND,January 9, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: In obedience to your orders I started on Monday, 5th instant, to examine the country and inspect the troops and their positions between Mount Pleasant and South Santee River.

I do not think that any demonstrations against Charleston by troops moving through Saint James Santee and Christ Church Parishes are to be apprehended. The facilities for defense against such a movement are too numerous and conclusive. There are, however, great facilities for plundering expeditions from the enemy's fleet off the bar or from forces on Bull Island, and also for the escape of negroes from both Christ Church and Saint James Parishes. I think that these are to be mainly guarded against in the disposition of the troops. The whole ex

