
terior of the country is either penetrated of touched at short distances by large creaks running in from the deep water of some one of the various bays which stretch from Charleston to the Santee River. All of these creeks must be guarded or barges and small boats can easily approach the land or go from the land to the adjacent islands (Bull, Dewees', &amp;c.) or to the enemy's fleet. A number of negroes intimately acquainted with the net-work of bays, inlets, creeks, and narrow along the coast have deserted to the enemy, and are known to have passed and repassed frequently between the fleet or the islands and the parish of Christ Church and Saint James Santee. The defense of the coast against small incursions or the escape of negroes is made still more efficient by the fact that for long distances a barge or small boat can land any where at high tide.

To patrol and guard the coast there are three cavalry companies (viz, Captains Aken's, Whilden's, and Pickney's), and two infantry companies from the Twenty-sixth Regiment. The third company is stationed at For Warren, high up on the State River. There is at McClellanville an artillery company in addition. This force is greatly inadequate to patrol the coast, but as it is all that probably can be furnished I looked only to its judicious distribution. Pickets are stationed at Porcher's, Toomer's, Whiteside's, at Palmetto Point, Andersonville, The Grove, Graham's Creek, at Buck Hall, Doc. Hall, Colbrun's, Dupre's, Blake's, and McClellanville. I would suggest that a picket be placed at Rabern's place, if it be practicable. Captain Aken discontinued that picket on account of lack of men. The duty is already very severe; the privates are on duty every alternate night. There should be a day picket at Buck Hall, as well as a night picket. There is a section of artillery at Graham's Creek. I advise its removal to Andersonville, as the latter place is much more exposed and is also more central. Graham's Creek can be covered by a few riflemen, and needs only a few rifle pits. I would recommend the construction a fixed battery on Blake's place, South Santee River. Two or three 24-pounder guns would cover the river and close it against all but iron-clad boats. The planters there will gladly furnish the labor, I am well informed. If this were done, and a supporting company sent up, two out of the four pieces of artillery now at McClellan could easily be spared from that place. A picket should be stationed at Benning's place, a few miles from Mount Pleasant. I recommend that a company from Colonel Wilson's regiment of reserves be sent there.

I would also suggest the removal of all the small boats from the Wando River. They can easily be carried from the Wando to the beach and made available for the escape of negroes. The width of land is about 3 miles, and on most of the plantations there is no white person. Wagons and teams may readily be used by the negroes to transport boats. I believe that there are continual inducements to the negroes to desert to the enemy, and the promptest and most effectual precautions in my judgment should be adopted.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, &c.,

LAWRENCE M. KEITT,

Colonel, Commanding, Sullivan's Island.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Charleston, January 12, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters. The remark

