
of Colonel Keit respecting the dangers to be apprehended I consider just, and think that if possible the force of cavalry should be increased. With regard to the battery at Santee, I respectfully suggest that it would be well to have it constructed, putting one gun in position and having the battery available for the service of light pieces. It would probably be well to have the work inclose, so as to prevent the guns from being captured by a surprise party.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, &amp;c.

No cavalry force can be disposed of at present for the object stated. A small work where indicated, not adequately supported, would only invite attack on the part of the enemy.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 10, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHNSON HAGOOD, Adams Run, S. C.:

Your troops recently returned from Wilmington must proceed there again with all possible celerity. Answer.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTILLERY AND ORDNANCE,Charleston, January 10, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose, at the request of the general commanding, copy of a letter recently addressed by me to Colonel Gorgas and his answer thereto.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. GONZALES,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery and Ordnance.

[Inclosures.]
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTILLERY AND ORDNANCE,Charleston, December 29, 1862.

COLONEL: I beg leave to inclose a requisition for ordnance stores very much needed in this department. They can be furnished, I am informed by my agent in Atlanta, Ga., upon the inclosed being approved by you. Will you have the kindness to telegraph Major Wright to that effect. I avail myself of this opportunity to lay before you the unsatisfactory condition of the supply of ordnance stores for this department. Enfield cartridges I have none; my only immediate prospect is in the requisition I inclose. Colonel Rains has no lead at present to manufacture more than are wanted, and I have even calls from Florida which I cannot meet. For projectiles for large and small rifle guns we

