
are still worse off. All the works in this city can turn out, as reported to me, but thirty-eight per day. In August they cannot make them for heavy guns for the want of drawings; thus I am with and average of less than 50 pounds per rifle gun in Forts Sumter and Moultrie (which may be isolated and cut off at any day and obliged to stand a siege), with 12-pounder rifle guns in position on the water, liable to be used at any moment without a single round for them with a battery of 12-pounder bronze rifled guns, belonging to the siege train, in the same condition, and with another battery of three heavy iron guns (caliber 3.67) without a single round; while for the supply of all the above wants and those arising from contingent engagements on the coast I have but the prospect of thirty-eight projectiles per day, and those only for 32 and 42 pounders. The number of our heavy rifled guns is being increased as fast as we can, and that reduces necessarily our average of rounds per gun. I sent you a telegram more than a week ago asking for some ordnance stores very much needed here. I beg to request your favorable attention to the same. I desire to request of you so to instruct Major F. L. Childs as regards the business of this department that the least possible delay and inconvenience may be had in supplying it from the Charleston Arsenal. This State particularly is dependent upon the hearty co-operation of this arsenal; without the power to contract, disburse, or manufacture, and capable only of issuing to troops stores turned over by the arsenal, you will readily perceive that this ordnance department is but the reflector of the actions of the arsenal. All requisitions on the Charleston Arsenal now pass throuhg my officer, where they are recorded, and all invoices and receipts to the officers making them also pass through my office, where they are noted. This saves much trouble to the arsenal, and, although it increases vastly my labors, insures my perfects cognizance of every step in ordnance. These requisitions to me state what stores are on hand and what to be supplied, but when I make myself a requisition on the Charleston Arsenal for my own depot of ordnance, to be distributed as emergencies may require, I cannot make the same statement, but merely state the fact that they are wanted for said depot. Will you be kind enough to instruct the arsenals therefore that requisitions from myself for my depot require but the expression of the fact stated. They are all signed by "command of General Beauregard," as per order December 20, 1862.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. GONZALES,

Colonel, and Chief of Artillery and Ordnance.

ORDNANCE BUREAU,

Richmond, January 6, 1863.

Colonel A. J. GONZALES: Your letter of December 29 is received. The arsenal at Atlanta is so fully occupied in supplying the army in Tennessee that I cannot call upon it to serve your department, but have directed Macon and Columbus, Ga., to send each 50,000 cartridges (caliber 58) to you as soon as possible.

It would be well to consider the question of a supply of rifle projectiles before going too far with the rifling and banding of 32-pounders. The want of proper iron for casting these shells is very serious.

Send me a full statement of all you want and cannot get at Charles

