
after being shot are not found until unfit for use; also the difficulty of getting a sufficient quantity killed at once to make it worth while sending home a barge with the beef. The horses and mules I found on investigation to be generally of an inferior quality. The majority of them, eight or nine, are on Dewees' Island, and can be easily taken at any time if it is desired, but I do not think that they could be made of use in the quartermaster's department, although their salable value may be something. Finding that a longer stay on these islands unless for a considerable time would not be profitable, I left Bull Island on the night of the 10th, but the night proving stormy and dark, I did not get all my boats and men home until late on the night of the 11th. I regret that I have not been able to do more than I have, but hope that the thorough knowledge that I have acquired of all the above-named islands may be of some use hereafter; and respectfully requesting that if it is thought proper to send any further expedition I may be sent with it, I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES T. HASKELL, JR.,

Captain, C. S. Regiment, Infantry.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST MIL. DIST. S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 13. Charleston, January 12, 1863.

I. The forces in Christ Church, Saint Thomas, and Saint James Santee, together with those on Sullivan's Island, will constitute one command, under Colonel L. M. Keitt, Twentieth South Carolina Volunteers, who will make his headquarters on Sullivan's Island or at Mount Pleasant.

II. Colonel Keitt will give particular attention to the disposition of the troops of his command on the main for the protection of the extended coast from Mount Pleasant to the Santee, and also for the support of Sullivan's Island.

III. The forces on Sullivan's Island will constitute one command, under Colonel William Butler, who will report to and through Colonel Keit, but who may be authorized by Colonel Keit to report and communicate on all matters relating to artillery and ordnance directly to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Ripley:

B. H. READ,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 13, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Authentic from New York says Naglee's expedition consists of 12,000 men, well fitted out, intended probably for North Carolina, Six ironclad are being got ready for meditated attack on Charleston. Hope Neptune will take care of them.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, January 13, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Charleston, S. C.:

General Gist has asked for six wagons to a regiment; can they not

