
be sent on at once? Five of the enemy's steamers are engaging Fort Caswell. Fort replying slowly. No other fleet off.

W. H. WHITING.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 13, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING, Wilmington, N. C.:

Do not think Abolitionist will make much, if any, attack without iron-clads. Latter are not much to be feared at present on account of condition. I send maps to-day.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, January 13, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Charleston:

Firing has just ceased.

W. H. C. WHITING.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 7. Charlotte, S. C., January 14, 1863.

I. Pursuant to orders from the War Department, hereafter persons liable to conscription will be allowed to join any particular company and regiment requiring recruits in this command.

All persons within the conscript ages who offer themselves for service will be allowed to volunteer and will receiver all the benefits secured by law to volunteers; they must, however, in all cases enter organizations already in existence, as no authority can be granted to form new companies or regiments. Persons volunteering in this way will not be sent to camps of instruction, but will at once join the corps to which they many attach themselves.

II. The commanding general can but hope that under the circumstances there will be no laggard; that all able-bodied denizens as well as citizens will come forward to join and swell the ranks of the brave and patriotic army of the county already in the field. The sooner this is done by all classes having the least interest at stake the sooner the blessings and the occupations of peace will come again to our homes; the sooner our wanton enemy will be baffled in his avowed purposes of subjugation and spoliation and forced to make peace.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., January 15, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston:

GENERAL: The commanding general wishes you to organize and train at least six boarding boat parties, with a view to attacking at night any of the enemy's iron-clad that may succeed in penetrating the harbor. The men should be armed with revolvers if practicable, and provided with blankets with which to close all apertures; also with iron wedges and sledges to stop the tower from revolting, with bottles of

