
minutes, when a general retreat took place, and the regiment went back about 400 paces from this ditch, where it halted. Colonel Leasure hen ordered the regiment to again take position at this ditch to the right of the Seventy-ninth Regiment, which was done. At a later period the whole brigade was again formed at this ditch, and our regiment took position at its left wing, covered by the ditch. During all this time our own artillery fired over our heads from enormous distances and burst several shells right over our heads. The fire of our gunboats was also very disagreeable until they finally succeeded in getting a better range. At about 9.30 o'clock the order was given to fall back on the road, which was executed in good order, and the troops were afterwards marched back to their quarters.

I have the honor to annex a correct list of casualties.*

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

RUDOLPH ROSA,

Colonel, Commanding Forty-sixth Regiment N. Y. State Vols.

Numbers 15. Report of Lieutenant Colonel David Morrison, Seventy-ninth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-NINTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,James Island, S. C., June 17, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with our orders I have the honor to report the part which the Seventy-ninth (Highlanders) took in the action of yesterday.

Between the hours of 9 and 10 o'clock p. m. (Sabbath), June 15, I received your orders for twenty-four hours' cooked rations and to be ready for the march at 1 o'clock a.m. Having made the necessary preparations we moved at the time appointed. On arriving at the camp of the Eighth Michigan I halted my command for half an hour. I then received orders to move forward, preceded by a section of light artillery, and in this order we advanced until within range of the enemy's guns, where I received orders from General Stevens to file pst the battery and advance on the double-quick. Having proceeded about half a mile we entered a large cotton field, where I was ordered to form line of battle nd charge upon the enemy's works, and notwithstanding the ground was very unfavorable, good order was preserved. When at a distance of about 1,000 yards the guns of the fort opened upon us with canister, grape, and shell with fearful effect, and although many of my men fell, yet the regiment never faltered or wavered, but kept steadily on. Their bearing was worthy of veterans. Gallantly did they withstand the shock of musketry, and onward they pushed until they reached the ramparts.

As I mounted the parapet I received a wound in the head, which, though slight, stunned me for the time being, but still I was able to retain command. With me many mounted the works, but only to fall or receive their wounds from the enemy posted in the rifle points in rear of the fort. I ordered the right wing of the regiment to post itself behind the entrenchments at the left of the fort, which drove them back and held them in check.

From the ramparts I had a full view of their works. They were

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 51.

---------------

