
burning fluid to throw into the tower, with leather bags of powder to throw into the smoke-stack, and with ladders of about 12 fleet in length to storm the tower in case of need. The boats should be provided with muffled oars, with water-tight casks secured under the seats to give buoyancy in case of injury to the boats from any cause. The men should each likewise be furnished with a life preserver.

For such a service it were best to call for volunteers.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA,Columbia, January 15, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: On my return yesterday I found your letter of the 7th in reference to the movements of the enemy and their probable attack upon our coast. You say: " I shall be pleased to be informed as soon as convenient to what extent I may be able to rely on assistance in such an emergency as I have indicated." You have eight regiments of Reserves in service, and I fluid that the forces at the disposal of the State consist of the First or Charleston Regiment of Reserves and the Fourth and Tenth Regiments of Reserves, embracing those from sixteen to eighteen and from fifty to sixty-five, under resolutions of the Council. This force cannot be a strong one, and in my judgment, except those from sixteen to eighteen, cannot afford a great many active and efficient soldiers.

You see the strength of the regiments of Reserves already in service; the others, I suppose, may be somewhat larger. I shall take pleasure in sending to your aid all the troops that can be furnished, but my impression is that it will be difficult to get over 10,000 men out of both corps.

I am unable to give you any information, I regret to say, as to the ability of the State to are this Second Corps of Reserves if called out, this information not being left accessible to me by the Chief of the Military Department. I will procure it as soon as practicable, however, and shall afford you every aid in my power in defending the State.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM.

I can hear of no arms for the Second Corps of Reserves.

RICHMOND, January 16, 1863.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER,

Commanding, Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of 3rd ultimo, with the indorsement of General Beauregard thereupon, I am directed by the Secretary of War to say it was refereed to the Chief of Ordnance, who reports as follows:

The within statement exhibits all the artillery sent to the department of General Beauregard lately; more be sent as it can be spared. General Beauregard must make such disposition of it as he deem best.

The Department of South Carolina and Georgia has received full three-fourths of the heavy armament prepared within the last three months: Fifteen 10-inch colum-

