
biads, two 42-pounder rifled and barrette, two Napoleons, two Ells- worth rifles (captured), one 3.67-inch rifled and barrette, six 10-inch mortars.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. H. LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Columbia, January 17, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Since writing you I have had an interview with Colonel Hayne, late of the Council. He tells me that there are few arms belonging to the State not in the hands of the Reserves; indeed they have taken all except those deposited at each Court-House, enough to arm only a single company for the protection of the district. I stated in my last that the Fourth and Tenth Regiments of the First Corps of Reserves were perhaps larger than those you have in service. He calls to my mind that the conscripts up to the forty have been taken out of them, which will make them much smaller.

Your letter of the 7th instant makes me anxious. I trust that the Confederate Government will not lose sight of the necessity of re-enforcing you, as they have, I suppose, a larger proportion of the voting Confederacy, having her organized troops from thirty-five to fifty. I shall be gratified to hear from you as early as practicable anything affecting the interests of the State, as also the earliest news of the approach of the enemy.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,M. L. BONHAM.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MIDDLE FLORIDA, January 17, 1863.

[General JORDAN:]

GENERAL: Under my directions Captain Williams, one of my volunteer aides, has made a thorough examination of the country between the Saint Mark's and Suwannee Rivers. I inclose a copy of his report, as it contains facts in connection with the salt-works and the men engaged in them which should be known to the commanding general.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours, &c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure.]

TALLAHASSEE, January 11, 1863.

Brigadier General H. COBB,

Commanding Middle District of Florida:

SIR: In pursuance of your order of the 22nd ultimo I proceeded to make an examination of the country lying between the Saint Mark's and the Suwannee Rivers, and report the following as the result of my observation:

First, in regard to "the points, if any, at which the enemy could land forces with a view to a raid or invasions into the interior," I would state that from an examination of the coast I am satisfied that the following points are the only ones at which the enemy could make a

