
practical landing for supposes of invasion, to wit: Old Port Leon, on the Saint Mark's River, the Saint Mark's Light-House, Deadman's Bay, and the mouth or landings on the Suwannee River. These are the only points from which, in my opinion, the enemy could make an advance into the country. In regard to the communication or route into the interior from these places, I would state that from Old Port Leon, on the Saint Mark's River, there is a fine road to Newport, in Wakulla County, which, although somewhat out of repair, could nevertheless be easily re-established so as to afford an excellent way for an army. The obstructions in the Saint Mark's River below Old Port Leon are not formidable and could be easily removed by the enemy. That point is accessible to gunboats or transports carrying from 8 to 10 feet water. From the Saint Mark's Light-House there are two roads or routes to Newport, one which passes over the East River and the other which passes round the head of the river. The first is impracticable at present, owing to the fact that the brigade over the river has been destroyed or has fallen to decay, though it could be very easily restored, as the stream is quite narrow. The route around the head of the river is only practicable in dry weather, if indeed at any time, to a force of any consequence or magnitude, then only with guides thoroughly acquainted will the country. Although an invasion from this point is possible, it is hardly probable that an enemy would select a place of this character if at all informed of the nature of the country. At Deadman's Bay, in the country of Taylor, there is a fine landing, at which gunboats and transports could easily approach, and from Deadman's Bay there is a coast. There are no natural obstructions on this route or points that the soil firm. At the mouth of the Suwannee River and at the various landings on said river an enemy could effect a landing, and from the point penetrate the country into the interior. The river itself is navigable to within a few miles of the railroad bridge of the Tennessee and Georgia Railroad and even up to the bridge; with light-draught gunboats, to within a short distance of the bridge. Vessels drawing from 5 1\2 to 7 1\2 feet of water could penetrate the country, and there are numerous landings along the banks where a debarkation could be effected. With the exception of these points mentioned there are no other places from which an intelligent enemy would attempt an invasion of the country into the interior. The general topographical appearance of the coast presents a low marshy country, subject to overflow, and covered with impenetrable swamps and marshes, extending from 1 1\2 to 4 miles from the coast. There is no convenient or accessible point at which the enemy could land, the shoals stretching out to a great distance; and even if a landing were made, the country could not be penetrated from these portions of the coast. There is no convenient or accessible point at which the enemy could land, the shoals stretching out to a great distance; and even if a landing were made, the country could not be penetrated from these portions of the coast for the reasons above given. I would suggest's as an additional precaution that vedettes be stationed at Deadman's Bay, which, as i have stated, is a convenient point at which the enemy could land and make a raid or incursion into the country. The other points, I believe, are sufficiently observed. It is suggested that the bridge over East River, to which I have referred, on the most practicable road to the light-house, be reconstructed or repaired, thereby facilitating communication with that point. This bridge could easily be destroyed in case of an invasion from that point.

In reference to the extent of the salt-makers' operations, "what arrangements now exist for their defense, and what additional ones should be made," I have ascertained that the principal locations of salt-

