
workers are on East River and the Ocella Slough, from 1 to 4 miles from the coast; a few at the mouth of the Finholloway River, and a large number at Dog Island and the coast adjacent, and also at Horshoe Bay, in the country of Taylor. The aggregate amount of persons engaged in the salt-making business on our coast in about 500, and a large number of purchases from neighboring States are constantly visiting and returning for the purpose of obtaining salt. The arrangements that now exist for the protection of these works are such as are merely incidental to the general protection and observation of the coast. Cavalry companies are stationed at Newport and Blue Creek, in Taylor County, within 2 or 3 miles of the salt-works, and I would suggest the stationing of a company at or near Horseshoe Bay. These are the only practicable means or provisions for the defense of these works that can be made at present. The salt-workers cannot, I think, be concentrated or brought into narrow territorial limits without damage to their business. The coast and its approaches are of such a character that but a limited amount of this business can be carried on successfully at any given point, and this difficulty is increased by the difficulty of obtaining wood, &amp;c. Besides this, much of the land on the coast is held by private individuals, who will of cause consult their own interest in the disposal and use of salt-making locations which they own. I have consulted with Lieutenant William Fisher, the officer appointed by the Governor to organize the salt workers for their own defense, and refer you to his report to the Governor (a copy of which I herewith inclose, also a communication addressed to myself) for information relative to the arrangements proposed to be made for the co-operation with the regular forces in their own defense and that of the country. I presume his recommendation and suggestions will be respected and followed by the State Government as the most available and practical means that can be adopted under the circumstances.

Yours, most respectfully,

JOS. JOHN WILLIAMS.

[Sub-inclosure.]

TALLAHASSEE, January 9, 1863.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF FLORIDA:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to report that I have enrolled and organized into companies all the salt-makers on the coast between the Saint Mark's and the Suwannee Rivers. I have given them rules of discipline and appointed places of rendezvous in case of attack. There are 498 men able for duty, and among the whole number only forty-three guns in good condition, and very little ammunition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. FISHER,

First Lieutenant of Organized Salt-makers.

P. S.-I suppose there are 300 of these men under forty years, and many of them deserters from the Army.

TALLAHASSEE, FLA., January 10, 1863.

Captain J. J. WILLIAMS:

SIR: The sault-makers between the Saint Mark's and Suwannee Rivers are almost destitute of arms or ammunition, consequently their means of defense is very limited. They have been formed into companies,

48 R R-VOL XIV

