
Colonel Gorgas is most earnestly requested to provide the promised 150 rounds per each of the above guns, and above all to send the projectiles for the 12-pounder and 6-pounder bronze, the 20-pounder Parrott, the ammunition for which was not sent with the guns from Richmond, although packed and addressed int he presence of Major Alston, and the 3.67 caliber guns.

Respectfully,

A. J. GONZALES,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery and Ordnance.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 25, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Abolition fleet at Hilton Head reported four frigates, four gunboats, and forty transports; latter about double usual number. This may indicate future movements on Charleston or Savannah. My forces are still at Wilmington.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 25, 1863.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER, Savannah, Ga.:

Abolition fleet at Hilton Head reported four frigates, four gunboats, and forty transports. Be on alert in case of my movement of enemy.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., January 25, 1863.

Brigadier General J. H. TRAPIER,Commanding Fourth Military District, Georgetown, S. C.:

DEAR GENERAL: Your letter of the 23rd instant has been received. I hoped to be able to keep the conscript reserves in the service at the expiration of their present term, but the Secretary of War has decided, I believe, that they shall go to filling up the old regiments now in the field. Should it be otherwise, I will be glad to avail myself of the services of the officers mentioned by you as far as in my power will lie.

A planter from All Saints Parish informs me that a considerable quantity of smuggling trade is carried on through Morall's Inlet, South Branch, in schooners of about 100 tons, for cotton, which he believes is sent to Yankee land in return for Yankee goods, which pay no duty; if so, it must be stopped summarily; but if the cotton be intended for European markets, then it is all right, provided the imports pay duty regularly to the collector of that district. Will you please investigate this matter. He says also that our cavalry pickets make no night patrols in that part of the parish, or in fact along that whole coast; it would be well to inquire into that also. I am sorry to hear that "surprise" cannot take place; you must try it with artillery if the localities are favorable. It would be better to have too many pieces (rifled and howitzers) than not enough.

Yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

