
the guns ordered from here shall have arrived at their point of destination.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, February 1, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,Commanding First District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I find that I require as soon as possible the following pieces for batteries at Red Bluff and on the Altamaha, ot wit: One rifled 24-pounder and two smooth-bore 24-pounders, on siege carriages if practicable, for the battery at Red Bluff, and two rifled 24-pounders and one smooth-bore 24-pounder for the battery on the Altamaha; also with siege carriages if practicable. Their places on the lines can be replaced with the guns (8-inch) taken on board of the Isaac Smith. Should you be able to spare the 24-pounders called for you will please order them to be reported at once to the chief of artillery and ordnance for distribution and transportation, as already states.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON ARSENAL, S. C., February 1, 1863.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: In further reference to your letter of the 6th ultimo, concerning Colonel Gonzales' complaints of an insufficient supply of Enfield cartridges, I have to state that Lieutenant A. T. Cunningham, ordnance officer at Savannah, had 450,000 small-arm cartridges, of which 150,000 are Enfield; and the troops in the District of Georgia have been supplied with 70 rounds per man. Also that the State of South Carolina has 1,500,000 cartridges or more on hand, the larger portion of which are Enfield, which would doubtless be issued on an emergency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. L. CHILDS,

Major, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 6, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War, to show how unfounded are the complaints of the want of ammunition in the department of General Beauregard.

J. GORGAS,

Colonel, Chief of Ordnance.

CHARLESTON, C. S., February 2, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

General Whiting reports vessels passing New River southward. Four-

