
entrenched in a position well selected for defensive purposes, and upon which our artillery seemed to have little effect, save driving them into their retreats, and in attempting to dislodge them we were met with a fierce and determined opposition; but with equal, if not superior, determination and courage were they met by our forces, and had I been supported, could have carried their works. One man came out from the fort and surrendered himself, and at that time had the reserve force come up could have held the fort, for we virtually had it in our possession.

After remaining in this position for some considerable time and not being supported by the other regiments I received orders ot fall back, which I did in good order, leaving behind about 40 killed or badly wounded, many of whom fell upon the ramparts, a d brought back with me 6 killed and about 60 wounded.

I was again ordered to form regiment and advance the second time, supported by the Seventh Connecticut on the right and the One hundredth Pennsylvania on the left. We advanced in perfect order within the distance of about 600 yards, when we were ordered to halt, and the Connecticut battery on the right opened a galling fire with shot and shall, which told with wonderful effect on the enemy's works.

At this time I selected a number of my best riflemen, some of whom volunteered to advance in front of my line for the purpose of annoying the gunners inside the fort, many of whom were picked off by our men. The battery having expended their ammunition we were again ordered to fall back, which we did slowly and in good order. Nobly did the regiment sustain its former reputation and character. Many of our brave are fallen, and fallen too upon the parapets of the fort; others wounded severely, among whom are Lieutenant Kinnear and Robertson. Their example in encouraging their men is worthy of all praise.

I inclose also a report of the killed, wounded, and missing.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID MORRISON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventy-ninth Regiment (Highlanders) N. Y. Vols.

Colonel D. LEASURE,

Actg. Brigadier General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., North. Dist., Dept. South.

Numbers 16. Report of Major David A. Leckey, One hundredth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDREDTH REGIMENT PA. VOLS.,James Island, S. C., June 17, 1862.

COLONEL: Pursuant to your order I have the honor to report that on yesterday morning, the 16th instant, a portion of the One hundredth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers participated in the battle t the Tower Fort, near Secessionville. It is proper that you should know the exact force which we took into the field. The morning report of the 15th instant showed 583 privates present for duty. Of these 300 and some odd, with the necessary officers,went on advance picket duty at 4 o'clock on the evening of the 15th, which left me about 280 men, with the necessary officers, to go into the field.

On arriving at the picket headquarters, about 3 o'clock on the morning

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 51.

---------------

