
CHARLESTON, S. C., February 3, 1863.

H. W. MERCER,

Brigadier-General, Savannah, Ga.:

Good authority reports meditated attack soon on Charleston and Savannah; be prepared. New Ironsides outside with blockades. Passaic and Montauk must be with you. Send me one of their 15-inch shells for my office. Get both projectiles for your rifle-gun.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTOWN, February 3, 1863.

Major D. B. HARRIS, Chief Engineer Department:

MAJOR: In reply to your communication of this date and in response to your inquiries as to the progress of work on marine torpedo ram I would beg respectfully to state that the vessel proper is far advanced toward completion, and that the only cause of delay is in the iron work. The engine complete is now being placed in the vessel. A large portion of the patterns for casting the prow and torpedo machinery have been completed, and an ample supply of cast iron and wood (for fuel) have been furnished Messrs. Cameron &amp; Co. The works belonging to this concern (arsenal works) have recently been transferred to the Government, and I have been notified by Messrs. Cameron & Co. that any further orders in reference to the work must be addressed to Major Childs. I therefore communicated with Major Childs on the subject, but have received no reply to my communication. If the undertaking is to be accomplished rapidly it is indispensably necessary that the work at the arsenal should be prosecuted with more vigor than heretofore, and as I am entirely without any authority to control that establishment I must request you, major, to present this matter to the attention of the commanding general.

Another cause of serious delay to the work is the non-supply of iron for armor. I am in receipt of a copy of a telegram from the War Department, stating that the Etowah Works engaged to roll the iron plates, and that the order to do so was given some time back. The Navy Department declines transferring the iron from the gunboat to the ram. If this could have been done when requested last December the iron would have been drilled and bent, ready to go on the boat. The work on the ram is far in advance of any other vessel. The material necessary to its completion is now in charleston; it cannot be used on the other vessels for months, and may be resupplied to them front he Etowah Works in time to meet their wants. No one can be more anxious than I am to press the work to rapid completion, but being absolutely without any authority to control the work-shops, and without the means of obtaining an immediate supply of iron, my hands are almost tried and I am left dependent of the support of others. I would now respectfully ask the means or the authority to procure the means for the rapid accomplishment of undertaking.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS D. LEE,

Captain, Engineers.

