HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MILITARY DISTRICT, Georgetown, S. C., February 3, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the earthwork on Santee ready to receive its armament. The guns, an 18-pounder and a 12-pounder, are here, and could be placed in battery in twelve hours; but I regret to say I have not in my command the troops necessary to man them. Captain Warley's company, garrisoning Battery White (nine guns) has but 53 men for duty. Captain Ward's company, a detachment from which garrisons the battery at Frazer's Point, is not able to man more than a single section of his battery. This condition of things is owing in part to the fact there is at present a good deal of sickness among the troops, and in part also to the fact that very many details have to be made for duty in the commissary and quartermaster's departments and in the hospital, our entire population almost being in the army.

The cavalry arm is also insufficient properly to perform the duties required of it. The disbanding of the regiments of reserves, the only infantry force in this military district, has rendered it necessary for me to withdraw a portion of the cavalry from the outpost for the purpose of performing the necessary guard duty in this town, the depot of all the quartermaster, commissary, and ordnance stores of the district.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TRAPIER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 4, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING, Wilmington, N. C.:

Send Georgia troops back immediately if practicable.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Fredericksburg, Va., January [February] 4, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have received your dispatch of yesterday in reference to the propriety of sending re-enforcements form this army to North Carolina to replace those recalled to Charleston. I will do so if you deem the exigency requires it, and I should like to be informed as to the number of troops withdrawn to Charleston. As far as I can judge I think it probable that an attempt will be made on Charleston. Demonstrations have been made on Genesis Point and North Carolina, apparently with a view of attacking attention elsewhere, and I notice the new Ironsides, Montauk, and Passaic are in Beaufort Harbor. A fourth ironclad is also mentioned to have been in the attack on Genesis Point, Ogeechee River, Georgia. I do not know what are the indications of an attack upon Wilmington. The iron-clads seem to have passed south of the Cape Fear, and the last reports I saw of the sailing of

