
the harbor, would naturally inspire a determination to assail the city and destroy the gunboats which had proved so formidable to them. When to these general considerations was added the fact that an English ship-of-war had come in and taken off the consul and his family, a measure which the consul had mentioned in confidence to a fiend was certainly to precede an attack, it did not surprise me to learn from General Beauregard that the attack was imminent, and the crisis, in his own language, upon him. Besides telegraphing you I ordered General Whiting to forward one brigade of the troops sent him from Charleston at once and hold another ready for transportation, and directed General French to replace, as far as the safety of his line would allow, the troops to General Whiting.

It adds to the embarrassment of General Beauregard's position that eight reserve South Carolina regiments go out of service, by expiration of their time, in a day or two. I telegraphed the Governor of South Carolina to urge their retention for thirty days, or until after the attack, by an act of the Legislature (now in session); or, failing in that, to hold them for a short time as militia. The utmost we can do is to send back all heretofore forwarded to Wilmington. I fully appreciate the probabilities of hostile movements at an early day by the army opposed to you. The recent change of commanders and the pressure of Northern opinion both almost assure this; but some brief delay must, I suppose, ensue before either the state of the Federal Army (under its new commander) or the condition of the roads will allow advance. Whether that delay is likely to be such as to justify the temporary withdrawal of any considerable body of your troops you can best determine, and it certainly is not my purpose to overrule your well-considered conclusions. You will remember, however, that, considering the line to Wilmington as really one line for the defense of the capital and the whole department under your command, I feel anxious to keep you advised of all movements which may affect its security and to invoke the aid of your counsel in regard to the disposition of troops for its defense.

I have just ordered, under the direction of the President, General D. H. Hill to duty in North Carolina. General Smith is at present here and will probably remain some time. I note and will observe your suggestion as to the use of a cipher. A simple one, with which I am familiar, is to use the letter before the one meant; thus z for a, a for b, and so on. You will readily make it out, and I shall use that.

With high esteem, most respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 4, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING, Wilmington, N. C.:

Savannah more threatened at present by land. Georgia troops required first. Gist will come with Charleston troops. Grand attack on Charleston to be made soon as ten iron-clads shall have arrived. Seven are south of Fort Monroe, including two in Ogeechee. Yankee officers say they will soon test iron against bricks. Tell Gist Cole's Island cannot yet be occupied.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

