HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, February 8, 1863.

Major D. B. HARRIS,Chief Engineer, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: The movements of the enemy indicating an early attack on this city or Savannah, I must again call your attention to the condition of the bridge at Bee's Ferry for the passage of our troops in that direction across the Ashely in case of necessity. Also to the one ordered some time ago across Wappoo Cut, near the StoNumbers It should be put in position as soon as the navigation of the Cut shall have been obstructed with torpedoes, &c., as already directed. You are authorized to make such changes in the location of the torpedoes (Rains') ordered to be put in position in and about the harbor of Charleston as your sounding and examinations will indicate to be necessary for the end in view. Immediately after putting them in position you will advise Brigadier-General Ripley and Commodore Ingraham of their location. Have as many Rains torpedoes made for this place and Savannah as practicable, and have them placed in position as fast as made.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., February 8, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The recent attack of the enemy's iron-clad monitor Montauk on the battery at Genesis Point (the first day at about 1 mile and the second at about 800 or 1,000 yards) would seem to indicate that the enemy is not so confident of the invulnerability of this kind of naval vessel; but I conclude also that the attack on Sumter, whenever it takes place, will probably be made at long range with their heaviest guns and mortars. This being admitted, they will necessarily attack it where it is weakest-i. e., the gorge, southeast angle, and east face-taking their position close along the eastern shore of Morris Island, after having silenced Battery Wagner. By adopting this plan their steamers, gunboats, &c., would be, farther removed from the batteries of Sullivan's Island. The enemy may also establish sand rifled and mortar batteries on the sand hills along the sea-shore of Morris Island at the distance of from 1 to 2 miles form Sumter, as was done in the reduction of Fort Pulaski last year. He might possibly send one or more monitors during the night to take a position in the small channel north of Cummings Point, within close range, to batter down the gorge of Sumter and endeavor to blow up the magazines. That mode of attack being the one most to be apprehended should be guarded against, as well as our limited means will permit, first by transferring as many heavy rifled guns as can be spared from the other faces of the fort to the gorge angle and face already referred to, and the Brooke rifled gun, now on its way here from Richmond, must likewise be put there, substituting in its place at Fort Johnson the 10-inch now expected from that city, so locating it as to fire toward Morris Island when required; secondly, a strong field work should be thrown up (as soon as sufficient labor be procured) on Cummings Point, open in the gorge

49 R R-VOL XIV

