
toward Fort Sumter, to act besides as a kind of traverse to this work from the fire of the batteries located by the enemy along the sea-shore of Morris Island. The Cummings Point Battery should be armed with the heaviest and longest-range guns we may be able to obtain for that purpose.

The introduction of heavy rifled guns and iron-clad steamers in the attack of masonry forts has greatly changed the condition of the problem applicable to Fort Sumter when it was built, and we must now use the few and imperfect means at our command to increase its defensive features as far as practicable. The chief engineers of this department and of the State will be ordered to report to you at once to confer with you, so as to carry out the views expressed by me in this letter.

Major Harris, chief engineer, has received my instructions relative to locating some Rains torpedoes about Cummings Point and within the harbor, independently of the electrical torpedoes under the charge of Mr. Waldron.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

BARNWELL COURT-HOUSE, February 9, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: Fort Sumter is the key to Charleston. The safety of that city depends upon its retention by our forces or its entire and utter destruction rather than it should fall into the hands of the enemy. Are you perfectly assured of the fidelity of the troops, not the officers, of that fortification? Grave and fearful doubts are felt here and elsewhere upon this point, and you may depend upon what I say to you when I say that they are not timid apprehensions or vague suspicions. With this intimation, which may be regarded as a positive warning to you, you know the best measures to adopt without further suggestions from any source to ascertain both as to the truth of these apprehensions and the remedy against so direful a calamity as a surrender of the post to the enemy at the earlier time after an attack is made upon it by them. I beg of you, general, to inquire and ascertain as far as possible and before it is too late what foundation for it. The facts given to me were stated with much simplicity, but evident truthfulness. Look to it, I pray you, for other momentous consequences besides the fate of Charleston depend upon this matter. If these few lines of caution and admonition will not avail nothing further would, and I therefore close with the highest considerations of respect and confidence in all of your attributes and qualities as a man and a general.

H.

[Indorsement.]

HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., February 10, 1863.

I am informed by Brigadier General R. S. Ripley that the matter referred to in this communication has already been thoroughly investigated and

