
proved to be groundless. General Pemberton also informed me to the same effect.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 9, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

General Whiting telegraphs as follows:

Thirty sail, said to have taken 20,000 men, have left with sealed orders during past ten days; fifteen sail now in Beaufort, seven of these armed. No iron-clads there now. Rumored that sixty sail and 25,000 men are still at New Berne. Very few at Morehead City.

This intelligence confirms enemy's intention to attack at concerted moment Charleston or Savannah. In such case re-enforcement will be required in this department. See my letter of October 3 last.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 9, 1863.

H. W. MERCER,

Brigadier-General, Savannah, Ga.:

Send all 15-inch shell thrown by enemy at Fort McAllister to Charleston.

By order of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. THIRD DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Pocotaligo, February 10, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: A very probable and feasible programme of the enemy's operations would be to take the entire force at their command for the purpose of occupying the railroad and destroying it, and after its destruction to use the same force for operating on Savannah. In that event the force at my command would be altogether too small for an effective resistance. When General Lee commanded this department there were 11,000 troops between the Ashepoo and Savannah Rivers (my present district) for the purpose of meeting a less formidable attack than this threatens to be.

When the reserves leave I will have an aggregate force of less than 3,000 men, so widely scattered over a long line of defense that they could be beaten in detail before being concentrated. Everything points to a most formidable attack, and I offer these suggestions that my position may be thoroughly understood, and that the necessary re-enforcement may be ready to assist me in case of attack. I should judge the most likely points of attack are Red Bluff and Coosawhatchie. In event of the former I respectfully submit that troops should be ready in savannah to cross the river and march down the Screven's Ferry road. In that event I should think it advisable to have works near the river on this side, under which we could retire and check the advance of the enemy if we were driven from our first position.

