
At all events my friends may rest assured that the defense of Charleston with or without additional troops shall be worthy of a few pages in the history of this revolution. The enemy may destroy this city, but they shall not take it so long as I have any troops to defend it with.

I will let you know by telegraph when the hour of trial shall have arrived, and then I will be happy to have you once more near me. Meanwhile hurry on the heavy ordnance and ammunition as rapidly as possible via Raleigh, for the other route is too slow and uncertain.

By the by, I discharged a few days ago my mounted orderly, the famous Aaron Jones, for neglect of duty, but could not resist his appeal, which was, "General, I enlisted purposely to be with you, and I would rather die under you than live under any other general." I scolded him and let him off.

Yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., February 11, 1863.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN,Commanding District of East Florida, Lake City:

GENERAL: You have doubtless seen in the newspapers of the day the successful results of the plan for the capture of the U. S. steamer Isaac Smith in the Stono River, and I am instructed to inquire whether it may be practicable for you to do something of a similar character in the Saint Mary's River, should the enemy continue to send his gunboats into that stream?

The plan which was carried out so successfully by Colonel Yates was the establishment of field guns in favorable positions on both banks of the river. The bunboats was allowed to pass all these batteries in her ascent without drawing fire and until close under the guns of the battery highest up the stream, and hence when falling back had to run the gauntlet of all the artillery and the fire of sharpshooters with which the banks were lined.

You are authorized to place yourself in communication with Colonel Clinch, commanding the troops on the border of the District of Georgia, and arrange with him for his co-operation and assistance under your orders.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., February 11, 1863.

GENERAL: Upon reflection I prefer the 10-inch columbian in the southeast angle of Fort Sumter should remain where it is; that the Broke gun (about to arrive) should be placed on the right of it, according to the position selected for the Brooke gun. Should these guns require traverses between them, so as better to isolate and protect them, this precaution must not be omitted. With Generals Foster and Seymour in command of a part of the enemy' forces intended to operate against Charleston we must expect the weak point of Fort Sumter to be known

