
orders to move my command from Masonborough, miles from Wilmington, to Savannah, the division quartermaster, Major Green, of Brigadier-General Gist's staff, having arranged for the transportation by railroad from Wilmington.

In obedience to orders the Twenty-fifth Georgia Regiment was in Wilmington ready to take the cars at 10 o'clock p. m. of the 4th, and the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Georgia Regiments (the remainder of the command) on the following day of 12 m.

Three hours after the arrival of the Twenty-fifth Regiment at the depot at Wilmington the train upon which that regiment was placed attempted to leave, but in consequence of the weakness of the engine could not managers of the road and the balance proceeded toward Florence, at which point they arrived about 6 o'clock p. m. on the 6th instant, and they would not have reached that place at that place at that time had not an engine of the Northeastern Railroad, which had been waiting at Florence to carry this train to Charleston, been sent down the road toward Wilmington in order to bring up the train. The three cars detached as above stated did not leave Wilmington till about 10 o'clock on the night of the 5th, at which time a train composed of these cars and enough others to carry 300 men of the Thirtieth Regiment left. This train suffered no delay except that caused by a defective engine, and arrived at Florence at 12 m. on the 6th. After a delay of three hours at Florence of each of the above-mentioned trains they left that place for Charleston respectively at 3 and 9 p. m. on the 6th, and arrived at Charleston about 8 a. m. on the 7th, both arriving about the same time. After arriving at Charleston these troops were forwarded without delay to Savannah, where they arrived at 1 a. m. on the 8th. The balance of the command, to wit, Twenty-ninth Georgia Regiment and about 300 men of the Thirtieth Georgia, were kept at the depot at Wilmington waiting transportation from the time of their arrival there, to wit, at noon of the 5th until 2 a. m. of the 6th, at which time they were placed on board of two trains and were kept waiting without any ostensible reason at 9 a. m. of the 7th. This train was delayed something more than an Mington. The rest of the detention after leaving Wilmington was caused by weakness of the engines, they at times appearing to be too Florence at 11 a. m. of the 7th; arrived at Charleston about 11 p. m. Left Charleston at 2.30 p. m. on 8th instant and reached Savannah about sequence of the time of arrival there, the want of transportation of provisions for the troops there, they have been without rations for twenty-four hours by reason of the delays in Wilmington and the detections beyond Florence.

The first train, which left Wilmington with eight companies of the Twenty-fifth Regiment, was passed by the second train, which left Wilmington about seventeen hours after the first, at Fair Bluff, only 40 miles from Wilmigton; and the engine which left Florence after the second train arrived there to bring up the first train met the first train only about 12 miles from Fair Bluff.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. WILSON,

Colonel, Commanding First Georgia Brigade.

