
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 6. Charleston, February 12, 1863.

I. The following are announced as the existing sub-divisions of this military district until otherwise ordered:

1st. James Island and Saint Andrew's Parish, to be known as Gist's Santee, to be known as Keitt's command, commanded by Colonel L. M. Keitt, with his headquarters either at Mount Pleasant or on Sullivan's Island, as he may deem best for the interests and administration of his command.

3rd. Morris Island, commanded by Colonel R. F. Graham.

4th. Fort Sumter, commander by Colonel Alfred Rhett.

II. Commanding officers of the above-named sub-visions are charged with the thorough administration of their respective commands and a strict compliance with existing orders from these headquarters and from the headquarters of the department, as well as all orders and regulations from the Secretary of War.

III. The commanding officers of the first and second sub-visions will cause to be established a medical examining board for furloughs and discharges, to meet at or near their headquarters or at such other point within the limits of their commands as may best suit the convenience of their troops, as prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 83, Headquarter of the Department, October 22, 1862, and it shall be the duty of these commanding officers to grant such furloughs and discharges as may be recommended and signed in due form by the examining board and approved by the senior surgeons of their sub-division, as presented in General Orders, Numbers 83, already mentioned.

The sub-visions of Fort Sumter and Moris Island are already provided for in Special Orders, Numbers 72, from these headquarters, which are still in force. Castle Pinckney and the city of Charleston will send their applications for furloughs and discharges to the central board in this city, and their furloughs and discharges will be granted at these headquarters, as well as those from Morris Island and Fort Sumter.

IV. The troops in this city and at Castle Pinckney and Fort Ripley will report direct to these headquarters through their respective commanding officers, except in cases where parts of regiments or battalions are detached and the report concerns matters of regimental organization, when the report will be made to their regimental or battalion commanders.

By command of Brigadier-General Ripley:

WM. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., February 13, 1863.

General W. H. C. WHITING, Willmington, N. C.:

Your course is approved. Guns are on the way. You are authorized to lend all possible aid either in men or guns that you can venture to spare to General Beauregard. I believe an attack on Charleston almost certain at an early day.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

