
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., February 13, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

DEAR SIR: The Secretary of War has received information direct form New Berne and Wilmington in general confirmation of the telegrams from Charleston. He had already instructed General Whiting in relation to the guns and such forces as he could spare, and General French to move his troops, so as to place and keep them in supporting condition; all in accordance with your views as expressed some days ago. The Secretary believes that the attack is to be made on Charleston.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES CHESNUT, JR.,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

If the enemy is strong enough it may not be improbable that the blockading fleet had gone to Port Royal to convey troops, &amp;c., the Bull's Bay with a view of a strong demonstration at that point, that he may more readily take the railroad. Respectfully suggested.

J. C., JR.

CHARLESTON, S. C. February 13, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Eight blockaders returned yesterday afternoon; New Ironsides also. I leave to-day for Savannah on inspection tour.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, Savannah, Ga., February 13, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff, &c., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: In compliance with instructions received I have the honor to make the following report relative to the rate of travel of my command from Wilmington, N. C., to Savannah, Ga.

The Thirty-second Georgia Regiment left Wilmington, N. C., at 12 m. on Sunday, the 8th instant, and arrived in Charleston, S. C., at 10 a. m. on Monday, the 9th instant. Left Charleston, S. C., at 5.30 p. m. on Monday, the 9th instant, and arrived at Savannah, Ga., at 2.30 a. m. on Tuesday, the 10th instant.

The Fourth Louisiana Battalion left Wilmington, N. C., at 5 p. m., on Sunday, the 8th instant; reached Charleston, S. C., at 6 p. m. on Monday, the 9th instant. Left Charleston, S. C., at 10 a. m. on Tuesday, the 10th instant, and reached Savannah 7 p. m., on the same day. The delay of this battalion in Charleston was owing to the fact that transportation was not ready on the Charleston and Savannah Railraod.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. P. HARRISON, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

