
succeeded in capturing and bringing off safely one Caleb Jones, a native of the State of Maine and member of the Ninth Maine Regiment. Am indebted to the courtesy of Captain John H. Mickler, Eleventh South Carolina Volunteers, for the use of a small boat and 3 of his men-Privates Wells, Gelston, and Reyonolds-who accompanied me. Leaving Bluffton, passed down May River to Calibogue Sound; lay on oars opposite Spanish Wells; made observations. At 9 p. m. a dense fog arose; crossed Calibogue, guided by stars; landed with Private Gelston, and sent boat back to Bluffon. At daylight on 12th made observation of pickets, posts, &amp;c.; took shelter in narrow bell of woods between old field and beach 100 yards from Baynard's horse, concealed by briers and vines. About 8 a. m. the new guard passed (7) on beach within 10 feet, and 8 on field within 30 feet of me. Men of beach discovered tracks where I landed, but having taken the precaution to walk back ward it caused no uneasiness. One called attention to old guard tracks, which all agreed were the same as the first.

Frequently during the day parties of 3 or 4 soldiers passed on the field side unarmed; also several negro girls. About 3 p. m. the prisoners left his post (at Baynard's), where there were 5 pickets besides himself and 2 or more members of the signal corps, came into the bushes, and stopped in a gully within 10 feet of me, took off coat and shirt, sat down to examine latter.

With one finger on lips to caution silence, pointed repeater and ordered him to come to me. He was terribly frightened, begged not to begged for life; in half minute more was lying concealed in custody, with understanding would be well treated if behave, or brains blown our if did not. Several persons passed in 30 feet afterward. Lay in same place from 3 to 9 p. m., then hooted like on owl. Boat came across; all aboard; off safe, opposite post halted by picket; told boys to pull faster; muffled oars; soon out of range. Two large balls of fire displayed from observatory on house-top, one over other, but so far as could judge no pursuit was made. Left Hilton Head at 9 p. m. on 13th; 8 miles in boat, 17 horseback; took train at Hardeville, and reported prisoner at headquarters at 10.30 a. m. 14th.

Respectfully submitted.

J. J. MAGEE.

SAVANNAH, GA., February 16, 1863.

Brigadier General W. S. WALKER, Pocotaligo, S. C.:

I have ordered two or three good regiments to reports to you from Charleston; also one from here; latter temporarily for defense of Red Bluff, thence railroad bridge if necessary. I think enemy may try you before going to Charleston.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., February 17, 1863.

H. C. GUERIN,

Major and Chief of Subsistence, Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: Brigadier-General Clingman's brigade has been added to

