
Numbers 17. Report of Colonel Robert William, First Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS,Hilton Head, S. C., July 13, 1862.

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to inclose herewith the official copy of Major Edwin Metcalf's report of the part taken by his battalion, Third Rhode Island Artillery, in the battle of Secessionville, James Island, S. C., June 16.

Major Metcalf's command was thrown forward into the position of which he fist speaks with the Third New Hampshire Regiment, and supported by the Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania and Forty-seventh New York Regiments, for the purpose of keeping down the fire of the enemy's main works while General Stevens made his second advance. This was so well done by the Third New Hampshire Regiment and by Major Metcalf's battalion while with the New Hampshire Regiment, that the enemy were wholly unable to man their guns, and General Stevens succeeded in bringing forward his command to a small embankment about 400 yards from the work without the loss, I believe, of a man while crossing a large open space before realign the embankment.

I desire to express to Your Excellency my extreme admiration of the courage and soldierly conduct of Major Metcalf's battalion, and particularly of the major himself. It is my belief that no offices or men could have behaved better under fire than they did, and certainly no officer could have led his command with more skill and bravery than did Major Metcalf.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. WILLIAMS,

Colonel First Massachusetts Cavalry, Commanding Post.

To His Excellency Governor SPRAGUE,

Providence, R. I.

No. 18. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John H. Jackson, Third New Hampshire Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRD NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,James Island, S. C., June 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to present the following report:

On the morning of the 16th instant I received orders to from the six companies of my regiment remaining in camp (four companies being on picket) and fall inthe rear of the Third Rhode Island, which I did at 3 o'clock. After the line had been formed a short time I received orders to march forward. When I came up with our pickets I was joined by the remaining four companies of my regiment. I soon received orders to again advance, which I did until I reached some wooden buildings near the enemy's earthworks, and as I had then got in advance ot those I was ordered ot support I halted my command and waited for further orders. Orders soon came for me to move on and support the advance. Thinking I had made some mistake, and that there was some of our forces in advance, I threw forward my two flank

