
the command, and at least another brigade may be expected. Events indicate an early attack by the enemy by land and water on a formidable scale, to meet which troops will doubtless he accumulated in the State at least 100 percent, more than he habitual force in it since last September. It is the wish therefore of the commanding general that you should make all preparations practicable for their subsistence, and, further, that especially the cutting off by the enemy of any of our avenues of supply.

It would be well to consult with Major Lee and arrange for the most efficient means of transportation practicable.

Will it not be best to secure an abundant supply of rice and sweet potatoes, sugar also, as suggested by Chief of Subsistence Bureau, to be issued in lieu of meat.

All that can be done to provide for possible exigencies the commanding general will expect that you will do. Communicate directly with your chief of bureau if necessary.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

SAVANNAH, GA., February 17, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

Brigadier General W. S. WALKER,

Commanding Pocotaligo, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the general commanding to state that he had forgotten that Captain Elliott was your inspector of batteries when he referred in his last to your ordnance officer. Your understanding of the gun platforms is correct. The general hopes that the troops temporarily ordered to you from the First Military District will enable you to supply artillerists to your batteries, and additional regiments may possibly be sent you. The general desires to call your attention particularly to Boyd's Neck Landing, from where it is probable the enemy will attempt to operate. He requested also that you have prepared for him on his return to Charleston a full sketch of your district of half inch to one inch to the mile (that he has been so long and anxiously waiting for); no finished drawing is needed, but simply an outline sketch, showing roads, towns (in large letters), creeks, and principal marshes, as well as the location of your main batteries; the latter lettered A, B, C, &amp;c., from the Savannah River toward the Ashepoo. Without a sketch of that kind the general will find it impossible to give you any definite orders relative to your district in case of any to sudden emergency. I am directed also to remind you of the depots of provisions that he referred to in conversation when last at Pocotaligo, and to add that Generals Haggod and Mercer must be kept posted up as to important movements of the enemy in your district.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. TOUTANT BEAUREGARD,

Aide-de-Camp.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 17, 1863.

General BEAUREGARD, Savannah, Ga.:

One 10-inch gun here to be disposed of; another expected to-night.

