
Place at Fort Johnson not ready for ten days. Can be mounted at once at Fort Ripley.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 17, 1863.

General BEAUREGARD, Savannah, Ga.:

Three regiments of Clingman's brigade arrived. Ripley suggests that two of them be sent to Walker, as the regiments on James Island have detached heavy details of trained men on artillery service. Clingman, with remainder, to be held ready at railroad bridge ready to move. Meantime order for transportation given.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

SAVANNAH, February 17, 1863-8.45 p. m.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN, Milledgeville, Ga.:

I have ordered all State troops sent here to be subsisted. The arms you refer to will soon be here. I hope to give the Abolitionists a warm reception.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

SAVANNAH, GA., February 17, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

Issue my proclamation; then call on city authorities to remove noncombatants. Recall all officers and soldiers on furlough. Order moveable troops held in readiness; provisions not issued but ready. Publish call on people for negroes for thirty days. Send one battery with troops to General Walker. Attend to commissary department. Tell Ripley prepare shield of iron, wood, cotton, or cables to southeast angle Sumter; also a covered way from Cummings Point to Fort Wagner.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

PROCLAMATION.

HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. S., February 17, 1863.

It has become my solemn duty to inform the authorities and citizens of Charleston and Savannah that the movements of the enemy's fleet indicate an early land and naval attack on one or both of these cities, and to urge that all persons unable to take an active part in the struggle shall retire.

It is hoped that this temporary separation of some of you from your homes will be made without alarm or undue haste, thus showing that the only feeling that animates you in this hour of supreme trial is the

