
regret of being unable to participate in the defense of your homes, your altars, and the graves of you kindred.

Carolinians and Georgians! the hour is at hand to prove your devotion to your country's cause. Let all able-bodied men, from the seaboard to the mountains, rush to arms. Be not exacting in the choice of weapons; pikes and scythes will do for exterminating your enemies, spades and shovels for protecting your friends.

To arms, fellow-citizens! Come the share with us our dangers, our brilliant success, or our glorious death.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

Official:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Charleston, S. C., February 17, 1863.

Circumstances have deprived the commanding general during the last forty days of the number of negro laborers necessary for the completion of the works for the defense of Charleston, in default of which I am now instructed to call on the planters of South Carolina, who have ever been found alive to the impulses of duty, to send to Charleston to Major D. B. Harris, chief engineer, with the utmost dispatch, at least 3,000 able-bodied laborers, with spades and shovels. The negroes will be positively returned with their tools in thirty days; it is hoped sooner.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 44. Charleston, February 17, 1863.

I. Brigadier-General Clingman, with his brigade, now arriving in this city, will report to Brigadier-General Ripley, commanding First Military District, who will detach from his own command two regiments of infantry, with orders to report to Brigadier-General Walker at Pocotaligo.

* * * * * * * *

VIII. All movable troops that are not specially assigned to garrisons of works or to heavy guns in position will be held ready to move in light marching order at short notice. Three days' rations will be issued and held uncooked for emergencies.

IX. Brigadier-General Ripley will detach an efficient field battery from his command and direct it to report to Brigadier-General Walker at Pocotaligo as soon as practicable, with the proper amount of ammunition for the field.

* * * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

