
[Indorsement.]

Inform as to action taken with regard to militia of South Carolina, also Governor Brown's statement in relation to sending two regiments and not having other force. If General Beauregard can get troops of any kind let him do it. Six months is the fixed time of militia.

J. D.

SAVANNAH, GA., February 18, 1863.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN, Milledgeville, Ga.:

Enemy collecting large land and naval forces at Port Royal to attack this place or Charleston. Can any State troops or militia be furnished for the defense of Savannah; if so, how many?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Columbia, S. C., February 18, 1863.

Whereas the Abolitionists are threatening to invade our soil with a formidable army, and whereas the most effective method of defending our firesides, our wives, and our children is to meet the ruthless invader at the threshold:

Now, therefore, I, M. L. Bonham, Governor and Commander-in-Chief by virtue of the authority in me vested by the constitution and the acts of the General Assembly to call into active service all or such portion of the militia as I may deem necessary to repel invasion, do issue this my proclamation, calling upon the patriotic citizens of the State to lend a prompt and willing obedience to the orders of the Adjutant-General, this day issued, ordering a portion of the troops at once into the field, and the remainder to hold themselves in readiness to march at a moment's warning.

Given under my hand and seal of the State at Columbia this 18th day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

M. L. BOHNAM.

W. R. HUNTT,Deputy Secretary of State.

GENERAL ORDERS, STATE OF S. C., ADJT. &amp; INSP. GENERAL'S OFF., Numbers 10. Columbia, February 18, 1863.

To carry into effect the foregoing proclamation it is hereby ordered:

I. That the commanding officers of each and all the militia regiments of this State convene at their places of regimental parade on Tuesday, the 24th day of February instant. All persons within their respective regiments between the ages of sixteen and eighteen and between forty and fifty years, except such persons as are exempted from ordinary militia duty and from actual service beyond the districts in which they reside by the provisions of the act of the General Assembly for "the better organization of the militia, and for other purposes," ratified on the 6th day of February instant, and forthwith proceed to organize the

