
persons so ordered to be convened into companies of not less than 76 and not more than 100 men, exclusive of commissioned officers, electing their company officers, namely, one captain and three lieutenants.

II. That the companies organized within the limits of the Fourth Brigade are ordered to rendezvous at Charleston on Thursday, the 26th instant; those within the limits of the Tenth Regiment (Edgefield), the Thirty-ninth Regiment (Newberry and Lexington), the Fourteenth Regiment (Orangeburg), and the Fifteenth Regiment (Lexington and Orangeburg), will rendezvous at the most convenient points on the Blue Ridge Railroad and the Greenville and Columbia Railroad, so as to move on Friday morning, the 17th instant, for Charleston.

III. The commanding officers of the companies are hereby authorized to issue certificates of transportation for their respective commands, and the troops hereby ordered to rendezvous will provide themselves with clothing, blankets, and three days' rations.

IV. After the companies shall have arrived in camp they will organize into battalions and regiments by the election of field officers, under orders hereafter to be issued.

V. The remaining companies hereby ordered to be organized will hold themselves in readiness to move at the shortest notice.

VI. The commanding officers of the regiments will immediately, after the companies have been organized, cause accurate rolls thereof to be made out in duplicate and return one copy forthwith to this office, together with a roster of the company officers.

VII. The commanding officers of regiments now in commission are charged with the extension of this order without further notice, and also with the organization of the companies.

This will not interfere with the organization required under General Orders, Numbers 8, heretofore issued.

By order of the Governor:

A. C. GARLINGTON,

Adjutant and Inspector General of South Carolina.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 11. Columbia, February 18, 1863.

I. The troops ordered to rendezvous by General Orders, Numbers 10, from this office, are called into service for the term of three months unless sooner discharged.

II. The organization directed by General Orders, Numbers 10, will include all persons between the ages therein stated now holding offices in the militia, as well as those who may be elected in pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 8, heretofore issued from this office.

By order of the Governor:

A. C. GARLINGTON,

Adjutant and Inspector General of South Carolina.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 18, 1863.

General BEAUREGARD, Savannah, Ga.:

Governor Bonham has called out three regiments. Secretary and President promise all practicable troops and ordnance. Another 10-

50 R R-VOL XIV

