
inch columbiad is ready to be sent and 7-inch rifle nearly ready. One brigade will follow Clingman's and another held ready.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

SAVANNAH, GA., February 18, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Charleston, S. C.:

Mount that 10-inch temporarily at Fort Ripley; have platform prepared for it immediately at Fort Johnson, as already directed.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 45. Charleston, February 18, 1863.

I. It may possibly become absolutely necessary to diminish the ration of bacon, when issued, to four ounces; in which event there will abe substituted one-fifth of a pound of sugar, this being in addition to the sugar or molasses now issued, to wit, six pounds of sugar to the hundred rations, or one gill of molasses per man in lieu of the regular sugar ration. The intrepid Army of the Potomac now receive this ration.

Officers of the subsistence department, however, will be expected to exhaust all possible efforts to secure subsistence, and will be held to a rigid accountability for any want of energy, efficiency, or intelligent development of the resources of the country.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAVANNAH, GA., February 19, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

Order another detached battery on cummings Point, each armed with two heavy rifled guns and one Dahlgren; latter guns form east face replaced with rifled guns. Make display of troops on south end of Morris Island. Fire few rockets there at night. Fire salute from various points of island on 22nd with heavy shells properly arranged.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., February 20, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Charleston, S. C.:

From communication had with the Governors of South Carolina and Georgia we have reason to believe the former could not organize and furnish militia for many weeks and the latter can only aid with two regiments, which we have hastened to arm. If you have special reason to believe that effective aid could be derived from either by the call proposed report, that the President may determine.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

