
ordered to by the next train leaving after the reception of orders, bringing with them cooked rations for at least five days.

Before leaving Augusta, as thus ordered, the officer in command will telegraph the officer in command at either Charleston or Savannah, as the place of destination may be, the time of their departure for said city, in order that due preparation may be made for their reception and proper assignment of duty on arrival.

The troops thus received from Augusta to assist in the defense of either Charleston or Savannah will be discharged as soon as the pressing emergency which has induced them so patriotically to respond to my proclamation shall cease to exist.

It is understood, however, that no claim of pay for services thus rendered shall be made against the Government without the approval of the War Department. Rations and transportation from and back to Augusta will be allowed by the Government.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

SAVANNAH, GA., February 23, 1863.

Gov. M. L. BONHAM, Columbia, S. C.:

I have received yet no instructions from War Department in answer to my application, but will receive those two regiments on same terms as were the eight just discharged. I leave to-morrow for Charleston where I will give all necessary orders.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., February 24, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am in charge of the troops in this State, and am anxious to co-operate in the defense of my native State. Please call upon me for whatever of assistance we can render. Commodore Lynch has requested me to write to you and tender his own services and those of his officers and men to work guns or perform whatever duty you may require. He was much pleased to hear that you intended to fire by battery at the iron-clads, and thinks that they can be damaged in no other way. He suggests the shortening of the priming wires, to prevent their spiking the guns, as at Port Royal. May not the Yankee fleet return to Wilmington, having become intimidated by the prospect at Charleston? We are not so strong as we would wish to be. Be assured of my earnest desire to aid my own people in every possible way.

Very respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

FEBRUARY 24, 1863-12 o'clock.

General BEAUREGARD:

Under the hurried and defective organization and in absence of information from Richmond and in view of want of preparation for

