
transportation, supplies, &amp;c., the troops will not rendezvous to-morrow and next day, but will complete organization.

Wait further notice.

M. L. BONHAM.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 27, 1863.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER, Savannah, Ga.:

So long as enemy's fleet is still at Port Royal you can run no risk in supporting Genesis Point. Will endeavor to re-enforce you from here at proper time if practicable.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

HDQRS. 1ST MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Charleston, S. C., February 27, 1863.

General THOMAS JORDAN:

In reference to the communication of Commodore Turner, commanding blockading squadron of the enemy off this port, I have the honor to report:

At 9.45 a. m. on the 21st instant I received from the commanding officer of Fort Sumter the following telegram: "A Yankee steamer close in with a white flag; looks as if she wished to communicate." By my direction the following answer was returned: "Keep her at a proper distance."

Having occasion to go to Fort Sumter I proceeded thither and learned that while she was coming rapidly in several shots had been fired from a battery on Sullivan's Island, which had the effect of bringing her to an anchor. I sent Captain Nance, assistant adjutant-general, with Captain king, First Regiment Artillery, to meet the boat from the enemy's steamer. Captain Nance reported on his return that the boat was to deliver a letter to the commander of Her Majesty's ship Petrel, then in this harbor, and letters to certain prisoners captured in the StoNumbers These Captain Nance received. The officer of the enemy who communicated with him wanted to know why his flag had been fired on; to which Captain Nance replied that it was to bring him to. Captain Nance further told him that if nay answer was to be returned a white flag would be hoisted on Fort Sumter, when a ship could be sent to the mouth of Maffit's Channel, where she would be met by a boat. This ended the conference. Upon questioning the officer commanding the battery from which the shots were fired, he informed me that he saw the flag borne by the Flambeau perfectly well, and also saw her boat out taking sounding, and that he fired the shots as a notification it was not done until the fourth shot had been fired, had the boast not stopped the sounding he intended to open his whole battery directly of sounding was corroborated by reports from other points, and as the enemy have shown no disposition to communicate by flag of truce until it is notorious that it is their intention to attack if they feel strong enough-and the proceedings of the boat of the Flambeau looked very much indeed as though the enemy was taking advantage of the occasion much indeed as though the enemy was taking advantage of the occasion to reconnoiter-I approved the proceedings of the officer who fired the shots, and have reiterated the orders to allow no reconnaissance under any pretext whatever. I have further respectfully to suggest that as

