
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Memoranda for operations in Third Military District.

The varied contingencies of attack on the long and accessible line of my defense could not admit of entire detail. It must be left in some points to the directions of the immediate commanders.

I inclose my orders to them as indicating the probable movements of the enemy and the corresponding line of defense.

It may be stated, in general terms, that it is throughout a defense of causeways, over rice fields or swamps, with flanks of difficult approach, which must be watched by riflemen.

The great difficulty will be to ascertain the main point of the attack and concentrate in time to resist it. Re-enforcements should be sent to Green Pond, Pocotaligo, Coossawhatchie, Grahamville, and Hardeeville, as the strength and point of the attack may indicate. Should any portion of the line be cut by the enemy in force so large that their dislodgment would be too hazardous to be attempted by the troops at my command and the limited increase that could be expected by the railroad, or should they occupy any part of the road in General Haggod's district, I would consider that the line of the railroad be evacuated by the force in my district, in which case the entire command, save that porion west of New River and the Great Swamp, will retire in the direction of Walterborough. The portion of my command west of New River will retire toward the trestle work over Savannah River and look to Savannah for support. Should the enemy, after forcing in overwhelming numbers any portion of my line, advance into the country, with the apparent intention of striking the South Carolina Railroad, I will concentrate my force behind the Edisto River and resist their progress.

Should the movement, after driving back General Haggood's force, indicate an effort to approach Charleston in that direction, my command will be moved to his support over the Edisto by bridge at Red Bank or by Gioham's Ferry, as circumstances might indicate. I would expect General Haggod to send guides to conduct me to the line of defense he was occupying.

In the event of the enemy's having forces the last line of defense behind the Ashley River, I would proceed to Charleston by Summerville and across the upper branches of the Cooper River by road leading to mouth of Cooper River on east side.

The execution of all these movements supposes the absence of any special orders from the general commanding. I have ordered the chief commissary of my division to carry three days' supply of provisions to Walterborough. Should I remain in that vicinity my supplies would have to be sent to George's Station or Ridgeville dandy drawn by wagons to Walterborough. Should I remain in that vicinity my supplies would have to be sent to George's Station or Ridgeville and drawn by wagons to Walterborough, or some convenient point behind the Edisto.

The telegraph operators, who will travel with me with their apparatus, will be able to inform the commanding general of my wants. A depot should be established at George's Station, or some accessible point on the railroad, with several days's rations, for the supply of my troops, behind or in front of the Edisto.

Respectfully submitted.

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA., Charleston, S. C., Feb. 28, 1863.

This memorandum is furnished in obedience to orders of general com-

