
manding, after a conference held at Pocotaligo, on the 24th instant, with Generals Walker and Hagood, when verbal instructions were given them relative to their future movements, looking to a concert of action, as far as practicable, in the event of an attack by the enemy, now concentrating a large force at Port Royal.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT, S. C., Numbers 24. Pocotaligo, February 7, 1863.

I. Major A. C. Izard is assigned to the special command of troops at and between New River Bridge and Savannah River.

II. Should the enemy make an attack in force on Red Bluff without a demonstration of a land attack at any other point west of the Oketie the following dispositions will be made: Lieutenant-Colonel Stokes will move with three companies of his battalion to the vicinity of Camp De Saussare, on Screven's Ferry road.

Captain Earle will move his battery, with the infantry support, to the same point. Should other points be threatened with a land attack the commanding officer at New River will make such disposition of his force as the strength of the respective demonstrations require. Lieutenant-Colonel Gantt will move the remaining company at Hardeeville to New River Bridge. In case of an attack on Red Bluff General Mercer will be immediately informed of it. In case of the advance of the enemy from Red Bluff the cavalry should dismount and skirmish with them, falling back toward Cheves' Battery, at junction of the Screven's Ferry road and Tunbridge Landing road. Should the line of the enemy's march indicate an attack by the Purysburg road a portion of the force should be detailed to meet them at the battery on Purysburg road, 1 1\2 miles from Haines'. Should he make the attack on Cheves' Battery, a flank movement by Cheves' house should be guarded against.

These movements will of course be affected by the relative strength of the enemy, but it may be laid down as a rule that in the State of South Carolina, upon ground selected by ourselves, the enemy should be repulsed if not exceeding the proportion of five to one. Where they have to cross a causeway and cannot make a flank they should be beaten if ten to one. Should the enemy advance ot the Purysburg road it would be for the purpose of destroying the railroad. The way of retreat, therefore, should be toward the railroad bridge over the Savannah River.

Should they attack the Cheves Battery, the line of retreat should be down the Screven's Ferry road and by the by-road to work on the Purysburg road or by the trestle bridge over Savannah River.

By order of Brigadier General Walker:

E. H. BARNWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT, Pocotaligo, S. C., February 11, 1863.

Colonel C. J. COLCOCK:

COLONEL: Should the enemy come in overwhelming force, you might

