
vance up the road by any one of those by-roads leading into Combahee River road.

A large squad will also be sent up the Sheldon Church road. The main body will proceed by the Stony Creek road over the Hospa Bridge. Should the greater portion of the Abalition forces proceed over the Hospa Bridge, a courier will be dispatched by the road from Camp Pemturning by the Sheldon Church road. Should any portion of the enemy turning by the Sheldon Church road, the larger number of the squad will take the Union road and make a close observation of the enemy from the obstructions on that road.

The pickets will, whenever the cover permits, change shots with the enemy, but particularly at the Hospa Bridge, at obstructions on Sheldon Church road, at Dr. Henry Fuller's, at MRs. Eustis' Causeway, at obstructions on Union road. In all contingencies the chief of the squad, who must always be designated in observations, will send to headquarters from time to time couriers with information of the advance and strength of the enemy.

These orders will be read every day for one week in each cavalry company. A copy will be supplied by every company commander to all his officers and non-commissioned officers, to whose attention the extreme importance of familiarizing themselves with the main roads and by-roads of the country to operate in is commended.

By order of Brigadier-General Walker, Commanding:

JAMES LOWNDES,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Adams Run, February 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: By direction of the general commanding I beg leave respectfully to inclose memorandum of operations contemplated in Second Military District. I would also in this connection respectfully ask for re-enforcements as soon as it may be in the power of the general commanding to furnish them for this purpose. My force is very small for the extended defensive lines it will be necessary to take.

I am, general, very respectfully,JOHNSON KHAGGOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, s. C., February 28, 1863.

This memorandum is furnished in obedience to orders of general commanding, after a conference held at Pocotaligo, on the 24th instant, with Generals Walker and Haggod, when verbal instructions were given them relative to their future movements, looking to a concert of action, as far as practicable, in the event of an attack by the enemy, now concentrating in large force at Port Royal.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,General, Commanding.

