
ble. Moreover, the existence of the batteries at Carston's Bluff, just opposite its outlet, would render it unsafe. The location of the roads, plantations, and other features of the islands, as laid down by Colonel Rosa, as far as examined, were found to be sufficiently accurate for all military purposes. No boats of any description were found, and no indications of any contemplate attack upon our guard boat in Lazaretto Creek could be perceived. The inclosed sketch will give all additional information necessary.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

First Lieutenant, Top Eng., Chief Top. Eng. Dept. of the South.

Lieutenant W. L. M. BURGER,

A. A. A. G., Hdqrs, U. S. Forces, Tybee and Pulaski, Ga.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel William M. Fenton, Eighth Michigan Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS MICHIGAN VOLUNTEERS,Off Wilmington Island, Ga., April 16, 1862-11 p. m.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 41, I embarked with seven companies of the Eighth Michigan Regiment as an escort to Lieutenant J. H. Wilson, Topographical Engineers, on a reconnaissance of Wilmington Island. Two companies, under command of Captain Pratt, were landed at Screven's plantation, with orders from Lieutenant Wilson to skirt Turner's Creek; the other five companies were landed at Gibson's plantation. Two of these companies were ordered to skirt Turner's Creek; a third was to take the road to the right toward ferry at Carston's Bluff to protect boat party up Oakland Creek, and the remainder the secure the landing. After one company of the five was landed Lieutenant Wilson proceeded in a boat up Turner's Creek. Owing to the small number of boats and the distance from the steamer (which was grounded) some delay occurred in the disembarkation. I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Graves to follow with the second company to skirt Turner's Creek, but being misdirected he took the road to the right toward Carston's Bluff, and on landing with the remaining companies I received information from him that the enemy were in force at Fleetwood's plantation and to the left of the wood. This rendered the reconnaissance of Oakland Creek with boat unsafe, and I ordered the companies all in, and stationing the remaining companies to guard against an attack at our landing sent out strong pickets on both roads. I believe the advance of company to the right instead of along Turner's Creek saved my command, as it sooner enabled me to post the men to advantage and take a position from which the enemy's approach could be observed. The enemy proved to be the Thirteenth Georgia, about 800 strong, armed with Enfield rifles. As they approached (about 4 o'clock p. m.) with a strong body of skirmishers in the skirt of woods below the road the companies I had stationed to the right and left of the road, in accordance with my instructions, opened fire. I immediately sounded the charge for advance of com-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

