
on the left and received the first of the enemy's re-enforcement, which wounded his lieutenant and orderly-sergeant and many of his men. Captain Wilbur, with his company, was next in line and much exposed to the enemy's fire. He was cool and continually encouraging his men. Captain Randlett's company was under a severe fire, during which the captain kept his men in order and set them a good example.

First Lieutenant [H. C.] Handerson, commanding Company G, was in position near Company C, and handled his company finely, with the assistance of Second Lieutenant Cody, detailed from Company C to assist him. Lieutenant Cody was shot through the thigh and Lieutenant Handerson was shot in the arm.

Captain Dow, of Company H, although he carried his company on the field in food shape, behaved very imprudently while there, making remarks about the impossibility of our sustaining our remaining in that position; all this in the hearing of his men discouraging the men, taking their attention from the enemy in front of us.

Among the non-commissioned officers and privates who are worthy of special mention are Orderly-Sergeants [Jonah] Libby, of Company B; [Joseph J.] Donohoe, of Company C; [M. P.] Hawkins, of Company I, and [W. H.] Trickey, of Company G, who came under my personal observation; also Second Sergeant [N. J.] Campbell, of Company K. Captain Clark, of Company A, reports that First Sergeant [R. W.] Houghton deserves mention for the faithful manner in which he performed his duty on that day, but my space will not allow me to mention all who are worthy of mention for their good conduct.

We went into the fifths with 26 officers and 597 enlisted men, and 104 were killed and wounded.

Surgeon Moulton was absent from the regiment from Sunday morning, the 15th instant, until Wednesday morning, the 18th without my consent, and therefore the whole duty of the hospital department devolved upon Asst. Surg. B. F. Eaton, who faithfully performed his duties to the sick and wounded soldiers.

With great respect, this report is respectfully submitted.

JOHN H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third New Hampshire Vols.

Actg. Brigadier General ROBERT WILLIAMS.

Numbers 19. Report of Captain Alfred F. Sears, First New York Engineers.

CAMP OF COMPANY E, NEW YORK VOL. ENGINEERS,

Second Div., Northern Dist., Department of the South,

James Island, S. C., June 17, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit, in accordance with to-day's circular, the following report of our part in the actio of yesterday:

By order of General Stevens my company was constituted the pioneer corps of the attacking column, and moved forward in the rear of the forlorn hope, provided with engineering implements to removed obstructions, the men having their muskets slung upon their backs.

When the line charged upon the enemy's battery we withdrew to the rear of the right, as directed, to await orders, and before reaching the

