
looked suspicious, and have the appearance of an early movement of some sort. Thus forewarned, it will appear assuredly the part of prudence to be on the watch. I must therefore request that the Confederate States steamer Stono should take her position as a guard boat in advance of the forts as far as practicable to-night, and thereafter every night for the present.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., March 2, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE W. RAINS, Commanding, Augusta:

COLONEL: Your communication of the 25th ultimo has been received and considered by the commanding general, who directs me to reply that a cavalry raid by the enemy on Augusta is not apprehended. He would, however, suggest and urge that a part of the forces referred to should garrison the battery at Shell Bluff, and hopes that proper measures may be taken by you to effect this object.

The general commanding does not feel authorized under existing orders to appoint a provost-marshal as requested, but an officer could be detailed for that purpose if deemed necessary.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 2, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING, Wilmington, N. C.:

Enemy are evidently making preparations to attack Savannah; whether real or not time will tell. Their iron-clads and many transports are in that vicinity, with troops on Cockspur.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 2, 1863.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

Three iron-clads, fifteen gunboats, two mortar-boats, and large number barges are off Beaulieu Battery, Vernon River; twelve steamers in Mud River near Savannah; possibly a feint to cover some real point of attack in that quarter. Please read my letter to General Cooper, November 1, 1862, relative defenses Savannah. Troops in department should be increased at least one brigade immediately. Transportation defective, uncertain; unsafe wait last moment.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 2, 1863.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER, Savannah, Ga.:

It must be understood by officers commanding outworks that silencing guns of batteries by iron-clads in no reason for abandoning the work so long as transports do not pass them with too heavy a force.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

