
the parapets and infantry epaulements be thickened in some places. The epaulements are only about 4 feet thick, and the whole line has been considerably washed, and wants thickening and resetting. I would also suggest the erection of an observatory in the rear of the Holmes redoubt, for the purpose of communicating by signal with eastern lines and observing Dill's Landing and the Stono in case the enemy should again land on the island. The redoubt nearest Fort Pemberton is badly washed and needs repair.

FORT PEMBERTON is a strongly built and compact work, with everything in good repair; its armament is now fifteen guns, and may be increased if necessary to twenty-fire or more. I would suggest that an additional shell gun be placed in position on the land face toward Newton's Cut. I think a traverse or two might be advantageously placed on the left, flanking exterior battery, the guns of this battery having very little protection from the fire of boats in the river below the fort.

The communication at present with the main-land in Saint Andrew's parish being directly under the fire of boats lying off the bay, mouth of Wappoo, I directed Lieutenant Johnson, of the engineer corps, to locate and report upon a crossing, under the guns of Fort Pemberton, over the Stono, mouths of Elliott's Cut and Wappoo, so as to be concealed from view of gunboats in the river below the fort, in order that the crossing might be used to withdraw troops, and more particularly to furnish a direct and short communication between James Island and the works in Saint Andrew's Parish, so as to throw troops from one point to the other without the least delay. The report has been submitted to the chief engineer and approved by him. Lieutenant Johnson has directions to execute the work as soon as possible. There is enough of work to be done upon the defenses of James Island to employ at least 600 hands for six or eight weeks. The present force is some 130 hands. To conclude with James Island and its defends, I will indulge the hope that the advanced line of defense may be speedily re-established upon Cole's Island and the Stono once again freed from Yankee gunboats. This would of necessity reduce the garrison required for its defense to at least one-third the number at present called for.

I will forward at an early day a report upon the approaches and defenses of Saint Andrew's Parish, and would respectfully request that the report upon James Island and statements of forces necessary for its defense be brought to the attention of the general commanding as soon as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. GIST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

