
that could be assigned to take charge of them until very recently. These guns can be put in position at once in original battery and an infantry company be assigned to take charge of them. The work at Combahee Ferry could not receive the guns, because it was not sufficiently advanced. This work will be ready for the guns in four days. There are no guns for this position unless the 24-pounder Austrian gun sent to Coosawhatchie was intended for it and one of the 12-pounders at Dawson's Bluff, at Pocotaligo. The two guns sent for this position are in woks at Old Pocotaligo, to which position they were assigned until the battery indicated for them could be built. This is now in progress.

At Dawson's Bluff there are guns in position-two 12-pounders, one rifled, and one smooth; also one 24-pounder iron howitzer. At Coosawhatchie redoubt there is one 24-pounder Austrian gun, placed there because there was no other position ready for it. The projectiles for the 12-pounder rifle gun at Dawson's Bluff, ordered to be sent to General Mercer, wee sent four days ago, and were ordered to be sent immediately (by a telegraph to the commander of the battery), but were delayed four days for want of transportation.

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY AND ORDNANCE,Charleston, March 7, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

The chief of artillery cannot account for the 12-pounder rifle siege gun not having been received for the works on Combahee River but on the supposition that the orders on the subject from commanding general have not been fully carried out. Special Orders, Numbers 247, series of 1862, provided that guns [should be] furnished from White Point Battery, city of Charleston. To avoid loss of time and much inconvenience I respectfully recommend that the 24-pounder bronze Austrian howitzer now in work at Coosawhatchie be left there for the present, and so with the two 12-pounder siege guns at Dawson's Bluff. These are important positions at this moment. An 18-pounder gun now having a 24-pounder howitzer now at my central depot. The character of the Ashepoo and Combahee Rivers preclude the possibility of the small armaments assigned to them effectually closing them to the enemy if bent upon forcing his passage up unless the submarine batteries which are to be commanded by said guns are established as projected.

A. J. GONZALES,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery and Ordnance.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]

CHARLESTON, March 9, 1863.

Approved. One 12-pounder rifled gun must be drawn besides from Georgetown batteries for the work on Combahee.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 6, 1863.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

All quiet at Fort McAllister; four iron-clads still in sight yesterday;

