
[Indorsement Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Charleston, March 6, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

I concur with General Gist that it is well to keep a sufficient force of infantry to repel any immediate attack on James Island constantly in position, not to be moved thence until the enemy have become seriously engaged elsewhere, as soon as the state of the command will permit.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]

The general commanding will be happy to have the opinions of his subordinate officers at the proper time.

G. T. B.,

General, Commanding.

Memoranda for operations in case the enemy land at Port Royal Ferry.

POCOTALIGO, S. C., March 6, 1863.

Colonel Hall, Forty-sixth North Carolina Regiment, will command the right, with the two North Carolina regiments; Colonel C. H. Stevens, Twenty-fourth South Carolina Regiment, the left. Colonel Hall will place one-half in rifle pits next to causeway. One-half of North Carolina regiment will be placed near Battery Numbers 2 and one-half near Battery Numbers 3. The supports will be close under cover until ordered out. Four companies of Colonel Steven's road to support batteries when required. A section of Captain Preston's battery will be held in reserve near the same point. Three pieces of Captain Elliott's battery, Captain Trenholm's company, Captain Colcock's company, and the remainder of the cavalry, under Colonel Rutledge, will be held in reserve behind or near Elliott's Mill. The brigadier-general commanding proposes to take position on Elliott's Mill. One piece of Campbell's Lamkin's battery will be sent to Mr. Daniel Heyward's road. If enemy's force advance by both Sheldon Church and Stony Creek roads, a section will be sent to Pemberton's battery on Stony Creek road and one to works at Mrs. Eustin, on Sheldon Church road, supported by Captain Lowry's company, and Captain Edwards, with two companies of the squadron, horses of cavalry to be well concealed in rear.

If the enemy advance on one road only, the whole force will concentrate on work commanding that road. A platoon of cavalry will be placed in wood west of Captain S. Elliott, jr., to observe if the enemy make any movement in that direction. A squad of Captain Trenholm's company, with guides, will be detailed to observe enemy and report. A section of Captain Preston's battery will take position at Union road battery, supported by two companies of the squadron, under Captain Skinner. A platoon of cavalry will be sent to watch causeway leading from Hutson's over old price fields east of Screven's. A section of Captain Elliott's battery will take position at Battery Numbers 1; one piece at the causeway battery; a section of Preston's at Battery Numbers 2.

