
that no zeal, I imagine, is shown in the progress of the work. IF the carpenters were ready to-day no iron could be had to complete the ram. The Navy Department has promised everything, but has given comparatively nothing. The idea of working simultaneously on four or five gunboats in Charleston instead of concentrating all the labor on one at the time is indeed so very singular that I am altogether at a loss to account for it. From all appearance the Palmetto State and the Chicora will be the only two rams used in the defense of this harbor, whether the Federals attack us now or whether they delay it for months.

Respectfully submitted.

ALF. ROMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Inspector-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., March 11, 1863.

Hon S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your letter of the 5th instant has been received.* I had already given orders for the organization of boarding parties to storm the enemy's iron-clad monitors should they succeed in entering the harbor, when Captain Ingraham showed me your letter of the 9th February. I then ordered the boarding parties (organized and to be organized) turned over to him for service, as indicated in your letter. General Ripley, commanding this military district, informed me on the 9th instant as follows:

I have detailed from Keitt's and Colquitt's regiments a number sufficient to man all the boats which can be procured. It is intended the men shall be instructed under the officers of the Navy as soon as possible.

Should the Navy Department desire that this boarding expedition be again placed under the control of Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, who has the immediate charge of the harbor defenses of Charleston, he will gladly avail himself of this important auxiliary to the other means already at his disposal.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 61. Charleston, March 11, 1863.

I. For the present Brigadier General Trapier will report to commander of First Military District of South Carolina to command a sub-district embracing Sullivan's Island.

* * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

