HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., March 15, 1863.

H. C. GUERIN,

Major and Chief of Subsistence, Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: I am instructed to call your attention to the fact that there should be made provision for the contingency of one or move iron-clads forcing their way into this harbor and destroying the Ashley iron bridge, and also interrupting communication with troops in Christ Church Parish and Sullivan's and Morris Islands. Subsistence should be placed in depots at proper points in view of that possibility, and the general commanding wishes you to place yourself in direct communication with the district wishes you to place yourself in direct communication with the district commanders, to the end that all practicable measures of precaution may be arranged and taken in the premises.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTILLERY AND ORDNANCE,Charleston, March 15, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Dept. of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state, in answer to your not of the 13th, received yesterday evening, that there is no record in the ordinance or artillery offices relative to the applications of General Pemberton for heavy guns this department.

What application he may have made in writing directly to Richmond I know not. I am positive about one thing, to wit, that he went to Richmond to apply personally for such heavy guns and obtained the promise of ten 10-inch columbiads, and several 8-inch which were to have been cast in Rome, Ga.; the latter not being procurable some 10-inch were promised in their stead. I inclose copies of such communications as are on my books in relation to this matter.*

I once telegraphed the Secretary of War during General Pemberton's administration for 10-inch mortars, and after your taking command a letter from Colonel Rhett, inquiring how many guns were wanted by you for the defense of the department (heavy guns), having been referred to me by your, I applied for fifty-one 10-inch columbiads for the defense of the inner harbor, as a necessity, after the failure of the obstruction at the gorge, which application was approved and forwarded by you, and of which a copy wa, I believe, kept at the adjutant-general's office.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. GONZALES,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery and Ordnance.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 112. Charleston, March 15, 1863.

* * * *

II. Major Charles Alston, jr., commanding siege train, will proceed as soon as practicable in person to the headquarters of Brigadier General S. R.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

