
Gist, commanding James Island and Saint Andrew's, and receive from that officer instructions in relation to the position of his guns within that command in case of necessity.

III. Should circumstances require, Brigadier-General Gist is authorized to call directly upon Major Alston for either the whole or a portion of his force, who will move immediately upon requisition.

Brigadier-General Gist will report the fact of the call and the necessity thereof at once to these headquarters.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Ripley:

WM. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Proceedings of a Board of General Officers which convened at Charleston, S. C., on the 16th of March, 1863, in obedience to the following orders:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 62. Charleston, March 12, 1863.

* * * *

VI. A board of general officers is appointed to assembled in Charleston as soon as practicable, for the purpose of examining into and reporting upon the following point in connection with the defense of Charleston, viz:

1st. Amount and description of heavy ordnance deficient or necessary for the efficient defense of the harbor.

2nd. The number and character of heavy ordnance called for and supplied since 1st June, 1862.

3rd. What additional ordnance, if any, and description may be necessary to complete the armament of works constructed, under construction, or ordered to defend the approaches to Charleston, and including Sullivan's and Morris Islands, as well as Saint Andrew's and Christ Church Parishes.

4th. What works, if any, are essential for the defense of Charleston, in addition to those already constructed, under construction, or ordered.

5th. What additional force of artillery and infantry respectively is required for the proper defense of Charleston and the approaches thereto, including a movable reserve column, the effective strength of each arm at present available being reported.

6th. What number of negroes have been called for during the last four months; the number received for the same time, and the average number employed each month.

VII. The board is authorized to call on any staff officer in the department to appear before it and supply such information, including official reports and papers, as may be deemed proper for the discharge of the special duties herein assigned.

DETAIL FOR THE BOARD.

Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, commanding First Military District.

Brigadier General J. H. Trapier, Provisional Army of the Confederate States.

Brigadier General S. R. Gist, Provisional Army of the Confederate States.

Brigadier-General Ripley will select some staff officer as a recorder.

* * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

