
It remained there all day until 10 o'clock at night, when in compliance with orders it moved back to camp.

It gives me pleasure to notice the cool courage and good judgment of Lieutenant Porter and Lieutenant Seward, the former of whom had command during the action of the howitzers, and was more particularly exposed to the enemy's fire; and I would also call attention to the admirable behavior and unflinching courage shown by the non-commissioned officers and privates of my command as well as to their ready and prompt obedience of orders.

After leaving the field I found that there were still remaining 31 rounds to each one of the four pieces, of which, however, ten only were shell and spherical case, the balance being canister. During the action, therefore, more than 500 rounds, almost entirely of shell and spherical case shot, were fired. I have to add that I suffered no loss in killed wounded, or missing.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED P. ROCKWELL,

Captain, Commanding First Light Battery, Connecticut Vols.

Captain HAZARD STEVENS,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Div., North. Dist., Dept. of the South.

P. S. - Having no wounded of the battery to attend to, Assistant Surgeon Hurlbut rendered most efficient service in bringing in the wounded from the field and assisting in the care of the wounded of other regiments.

Numbers 21. Report of Major Edwin Metculf, Third Rhode Island Heavy Artillery.

JAMES ISLAND, S. C., June 18, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with the instructions received on the evening of the 15th instant from the acting brigadier-general commanding the First Division, headquarters brigade, my battalion was held in readiness to move at 3 o'clock on the morning of the 16th. Company I, Captain Strahan, being detailed for duty at the battery in advance of the First Brigade, and a detachment under Lieutenant Metcalf,of Company K, remaining in charge of the battery at this point, my command comprised but five companies - B, E, F, H, and K - numbering 360 enlisted men, with 2 field, 3 staff, and 14 company officers.

Leading the brigade, three companies - B, F, and K - of my battalion were deployed as skirmishers, under the direction of Major Sisson, at the Entrance of the wood covering the approach to the rebel battery. The other companies marched steadily to the front, halting in a position to support the troops of the First Brigade, who had fallen back, and being joined at this point by the parties thrown out as skirmishers. After again advancing in line, under orders to support the Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, the battalion for this purpose crossed the marshy ground flanking the enemy's battery. We had hardly formed in line of battle and commenced firing when an order came to capture a field battery in their rear, which was firing with a fatal effect on the Third New Hampshire Regiment. The battalion was immediately

