
forward as rapidly as may be, and that at least three guns of that caliber be furnished as soon as possible.

THIRD POINT.-Such defense of the water approaches to Charleston as have been ordered and constructed could, in the opinion of the board, be sufficiently armed by the guns for could they be obtained; and as those completed are not yet fully required furnished, and are in position to command every water approach, the board would not deem it advisable to call for more artillery of very heavy caliber until the requisitions made can be filled.

Certain points it would appear, however, would be benefited by additions, but these could be drawn from those guns already required for. Battery Bee is deficient by four 10-inch columbiads, Fort Moultrie might well have two or more; Castle Pinckney should also be strengthened by the addition of two 10-inch and one Brooke gun.

The land approach by Sullivan's Island requires, say, two long-range guns of a caliber which would allow them to be movable for its advanced post at Battery Marshall.

The work at Light-House Inlet would be much strengthened by two long-range guns, which might play upon an enemy buoying the channel and command the beach of Folly Island.

The sea front of Battery Wagner would be much increased in strength by who rifled 42-pounders or 10-inch columbiads, which might be drawn from other points were the deficiency in requisitions supplied.

For Battery Marshall and the new works at Light-House Inlet it would be well to have four rifled and banded 24-pounder or 30-pounder Parrott guns.

For the defense of the lines in Christ Church and Saint Andrew's Parishes, in addition to the guns already in position, it is the opinion of the board that dependence should be placed on a well-organized siege train. This, at present consisting of eight 8-inch siege howitzers and guns of similar caliber. How far it would be necessary to increase it would of course depend on the nature of the attack, but the board are of the opinion that it would not be too much to double the number of the howitzers and to add eight rifled guns, say four 12-pounder rifles and four 30-pounder Parrotts, with full equipments.

FOURTH POINT.-The board are of opinion that it would be well to cause to be erected new and strong works at and in the vicinity of Fort Johnson, on James Island, for the guns now in position at that point; that detached works, five in number, armed each with one 10-inch columbiad, be constructed at intervals of about 100 to 150 yards along the James Island shore between the Martello Tower and Battery Glover, and that Castle Pinckney should be strengthened as it receives additional armament.

That the enemy be, if possible, expelled from Stono River, and that strong works, armed with guns drawn from Fort Pemberton, be re-erected on Cole's Island. Should this be impracticable the board believe that as soon as labor, either of troops or negroes or both, can be procured a strong work should be erected at Grimball's, on James Island, and a short line of defense from Secessionville to Grimball's be taken up with an outpost at Legare's Landing.

The board are unanimously of opinion that the present location of Fort Pemberton is a mistake, and that it gives an enemy, if he chooses, an opportunity of landing and commencing his regular

