
general to that extent, and so far enabling him to call on other districts to supply the deficiency in case of an attack here. But in view of the still existing deficiency and the probability that a considerable length of time must elapse after the cogency arises before this point could be re-enforced to the extend required, the board consider it of the utmost importance that two strong brigades should be added to the permanent strength of the department without delay. This would give force to check an enemy until the large re-enforcements could arrive, and would make the strength of the whole command nearly that under General R. E. Lee when the vicinity was threatened by General Sherman's army, from 12,000 to 20,000 strong, and the fleet of Admiral DuPont, without monitors or iron-clad floating batteries.

The force as reported under Generals Hunter or burnside at Port Royal now is from 35,000 to 40,000, and Admiral DuPont's fleet has six monitors and one iron-clad battery of which we know.

SIXTH POINT.-From the report of Captain Echols, engineer for the District of South Carolina, it appears that 11,000 negroes have been called for during the last fur months, making an average of 2, 750 each month for one month's labor. (Copy of Captain Echols' report appended, marked F.)*

The number of negroes received during that time was 2,833, from which 843 are to be deducted as sick and returned. By retaining over the stipulated time the average of monthly labor for the four months has been 755.

The necessity of employing negro labor is apparent from the fact that with the works projected, for which some 28,000 men (soldiers) were deemed necessary, but about 6,500 were present, and the greater portion of those in positions which it was impossible to neglect even temporarily.

Respectfully submitted.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

J. H. TRAPIER,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

S. R. GIST,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army Confederate States.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., March 27, 1863.

This report is approved. It is much to be regretted that the 15-inch columbiad ordered to be made here should have been delayed, when so much needed by the cause referred to in this report. A few such heavy guns would be of the greatest advantage in the defense of Charleston.

The recommendation for the increase of the siege battery meets with my cordial approval, but it can only be done gradually, for want of guns, men, horses, harness, &amp;c.

A strong field work and shore batteries at Fort Johnson are of great importance for the safety of the harbor and of Fort Sumter itself. The field work has long been contemplated by me, but the want of laborers has always delayed its construction.

The repossession of the Stono River would be of great importance

---------------

*See p. 827.

---------------

53 R R-VOL XIV

