
ordered to about-face, and advance upon the thicket behind which the enemy's field guns were concealed. In effecting this object we encountered a galling fire from the enemy's sharpshooters in the thicket at our front and left, and many were wounded in our ranks; but all pressed forward, the men cheering and firing with spirit. I urged them to the cover of the wood as rapidly as possible, and with great difficulty they forced their way in, encountering small parties of rebels, many of whom were shot and bayoneted, 1 prisoner being secured. A few of my men succeeded in reaching the inner edge of the thicket and gaining sight of the field guns, 3 in number, without horses, and supported apparently by only two or three companies of infantry. I felt confident of severing them, but the Third New Hampshire Regiment having fallen back, I deemed it my duty to order my men to retire, which they did in good order, but slowly and reluctantly, bringing off such of our dead and wounded as could be seen our way.

Feeling my utter want of experience, I have great hesitation in speaking of the conduct of those under my command, some of whom wee, not like myself, for the first time under fire. I keenly appreciate the honor of leading such men into battle, and cannot too highly praise their coolness, steadiness, and courage. If any faltered, I was spared the shame of seeing it.

Where all did their duty so well I mention a few whose bearing was conspicuous, without detracting from the merits of others: Major H. T. Sisson deserves much credit for his successful management in the skirmishers during the advance and for his constant efforts to aid me in carrying out the various orders received in the course of the morning.

I take great pleasure in speaking of the adjutant of the battalion, First Lieutenant J. Lanahan, of Company I, always prompt and cool, and sustain in me in every difficulty by his good judgment and long experience as a soldier. First Lieutenant A. E. Greene, commanding Company B, was especially energetic and active. Second Lieutenant . A. E. Greene, commanding Company B, was especially energetic and active. Second Lieutenant E. S. Bartholomew, of Company E, nobly proved himself deserving the commission he had received since our departure from Hilton Head, falling mortally wounded while cheering on his men into the thicket from which the enemy so severely annoyed us. Captain H. Rogers, jr., and First Lieutenant C. R. Brayston, of Company H, were untiring in their exertions and zealously supported men. First Lieutenant A. W. Colwell, of Company F, and Second Lieutenant D. B. Churchill, of Company K, particularly attracted my notice by their colones and energy.

I am pleased to name First Sergt. G. W. Greene and Sergt. J. B. Batchelder, of Company B; First Sergt. O. A. Thompson, of Company E, and First Sergt. W. Wheeler, jr., of Company K, as distinguished for gallant conduct. I shall feel justified in recommending them to the Governor of Rhode Island for promotion.

It is with a bitter feeling of regret, though with hon sense of shame, that I have to report the serious loss sustained by my battalion: One sergeant and 6 privates killed; 2 officers, 4 corporals, and 24 privated wounded; 1 corporal and 7 privates missing. Total, 45.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN METCALF,

Major, Commanding Second Battalion, Thrid R. I. Artillery.

Lieutenant CHANNING CLAPP,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

