
Three. Mile Branch in the following order on to-morrow morning at 7 a. m.:

1st. Two batteries of artillery.

2nd. All the cavalry that can be spared from picket duty.

3rd. All the infantry and dismounted cavalry.

The cavalry will be under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel McCormick.

The artillery will be under the command of Major Thomas.

The infantry under command of Major Brevard.

The whole force will be under the command of Colonel Clinch.

Captain Buckman, in addition to his ordinary duty of keeping the command supplied with ammunition, will be charged with the management of the 32-pounder rifle gun on platform car. He will be required to see that the gun and its support are protected with cotton and entrenchments for the men. The line of battle will be formed on the hill on this side of the Three Mile Branch.

Every effort will be made by our skirmishers to advance to the ground selected, and, failing in this, we will open on them with the 32-pounder rifle gun.

Colonel Clinch will require the supply of ammunition to be ample for a protracted engagement. The men will be required to carry two days' rations cooked. The camp will be left under command of a suitable officer, with the camp guard of this day. The men will be required to be kept under arms ready to move. The train will be ordered by Colonel Clinch to move the infantry and dismounted cavalry.

The chief surgeon, with hi assistants, will be required to be on the ground with ambulances and necessary surgical appliances.

By order of Brigadier-General Finegan, commanding:

W. CALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., March 23, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to say that it is haw wish that you have a through understanding with Flag-Officer Ingraham as to the proposed method of attack by small-boat flotilla, in order to avoid firing into them.

He also wishes you to obtain such information as will enable us to procure wood and coal at the shortest notice possible for the use of the Stono, should that steamer be transferred back to the army.

I am also instructed to direct you to guard well the new bridge, especially against fire, to prevent which, either by accident or design, the greatest precaution must be taken.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. O'BRIEN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., March 23, 1863.

D. B. HARRIS,

Major and Chief of Engineers:

MAJOR: The commanding general wishes the obstructions of Wappoo Cut to be completed as soon as possible.

