
He desires you likewise to examine the battery wall at White Point, to determine whether it is solid and enough to resist such projectiles as the enemy may be provided with should they push int this harbor.

Further inform these headquarters whether or not the bridge over Rantowles Creek opposite Bulow's is in a serviceable condition. If it is not, the commanding general desires to have it made so at once.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, March 23, 1863.

Honorable H. COBB,

Quincy, Fla.:

Negro regiments are stated to be employed in Florida in considerable force. Render any aid in your power to General Finegan in subduing them.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CHARLESTON, March 24, 1863.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER,

Commanding, Savannah, Ga.:

DEAR GENERAL: I have not had time until now to answer your letter of the 19th instant, inclosing one from Wayne to you. I think you are both right in your views, for what we want are the means of defending the State of Georgia, and those can evidently be had only by a thorough good understanding between the Confederate and State Governments or authorities; hence I will accept any reasonable measures to attain that desirable end. If we cannot get the negroes we will stop the works and appeal to the people for assistance. I begin to think that the enemy is not at all prepared to take the offensive by land against Charleston or Savannah. What they intend doing is not yet very plain, probably not even to themselves; but assuredly delay can only add to our strength and to their weakness. They may finally conclude to repair to Florida and support their negro colony in that quarter. I do not think they will make much by that operation.

I remain, yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, MCLEOD'S HOUSE, Numbers 8. March 24, 1863.

I. The commanding general having signified his approval, the batteries in Saint Andrew's Parish will be known and styled as follows:

1st. Battery near Haig's place, on the Stono, to be known as Battery Haig.

2nd. Battery near Wilkes' place, as Battery Wilkes.

3rd. Battery near John's Island Ferry, as Battery Palmer.

4th. Battery near Magwood's place, as Battery Magwood.

5th. Battery near Gaillard's place, as Battery Gaillard.

6th. Battery near Bank's place, as Battery Banks.

