
manner of obstructing the entrance into this harbor, although I fear from my past experience that the depth of water, force of current,b ad anchorage, wan to time, and difficulty of procuring sufficient labor and proper martial are insurmountable obstacles in the way of obstructing effectually the channel between Sumter and Moultrie, where I feel confident hours under fire without being disabled. If my interior for a few hours defenses were proportionately as well armed and I had three more brigades of troops (which I consider indispensable at this moment), the result of the coming attack on this important city would be less doubtful in my mind. I hope, however, that if we are not successful, while the country may deplore, it will have no just cause to blush for, our defeat.

With respect, I remain your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., March 29, 1863.

HUTSON LEE,

Major and Chief Quartermaster, Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: The commanding general, in view of demonstrations of the enemy in this vicinity threatening operations against this position by land and sea, is obliged to require the several railroads to hold at your disposition enough cars and locomotives for the rapid transportation to this point of at least 6,000 men by the Northeastern Railroad, and, say, 10,000 by the Savannah and Charleston Railroad. You will therefore make the necessary arrangements to this end.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 29, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

Four iron-clads still in North Edisto; three additional transports reached there last evening, two with troops, one (schooner) horses. Shelled pickets 5 p. m. yesterday, and effected landing on Seabrook Island, with what object not yet developed.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 29, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Savannah, Ga.:

Your proposed attack on enemy's flank on John's Island is approved, provided points in your district guarding Savannah Railroad Railroad are not engagered, until re-enforcements from Walker and Mercer are received here. Do all, however, you can with safety to harass and retard his march.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

54 R R-VOL XIV

