
Numbers 22. Report of Captain Lucius M. Sargent, Jr., First Massachusetts Cavalry.

JAMES ISLAND, S. C., June 17, 1862.

At 10 o'clock p. m., June 15, 1862, ordered by General Stevens to have my command ready to march at 1 o'clock a. m. with 60 rounds cartridges and twenty-four hours' rations. Ready at 1 o'clock, with 1 lieutenant and 27 men, including non-commissioned officers and I bugle. Immediately ordered by Captain Stevens, assistant adjutant-general, to get my men into line, leave them in camp, and report myself to the general. Did so. Ordered by the general to detail 4 orderlies for Colonel Fenton, of the Michigan Eighth, to return to camp, to follow the main body at dawn and then act according to circumstances. Let the men sleep until nearly dawn, and then took them across the causeway, and placed them in a tolerably safe position behind a wooded ridge by the road-side. Told orderlies as they passed to report my position to the general. Remained there about two hours. The rebels then got the range of the causeway. I led the men across it again at a walk and drew up behind the woods. Immediately I received orders from General Stevens to resume, as I understood, my former position and await orders. Did so, crossing the causeway at a trot. Leaving the troops with the lieutenant, rode forward to the general, who ordered me to bring my men on at once and form them in the corn field in the most protected situation and to charge if the retreat became disordered by the enemy's advance. After placing the men in the corn field, ordered by the general to reconnoiter toward the left with 6 men. Did so pretty thoroughly, and discovered no signs of the enemy's advance. Ordered to return and follow up the retreat by Captain Stevens, assistant adjutant-general. Did so at a walk. Presently informed by Captain Stevens that the rebel sharpshooters were close upon us and advised to move more rapidly. Closed up with the column at a trot. Ordered by the general to post vedettes and reconnoiter generally till fresh infantry pickets should arrive. We were utterly unable to discover any trace of the enemy's advance. Soon received orders from Captain Stevens to withdraw the vedettes. did so, the infantry pickets being posted.

During the action 2 of my horses were killed - 1 being shot in the head, the other in the body; and 2 of my men were wounded severely - 1 in the hand, groin, and thigh, the other in the leg. Another, whose horse's head was blown to pieces, was stunned and considerably bruised by his fall. The men's conduct excellent.

LUCIUS M. SARGENT, JR.,

Captain, Company H, First Massachusetts Volunteer Cavalry.

N. 23.

Report of Major General John C. Pemberton, C. S. Army, commanding Department of South Carolina and Georgia.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 16, 1862.

The loss of the enemy this morning in killed left of the field is not less than 150. We have taken wounded prisoners not less than 65;

