
meeting the enemy night and day. Major T. W. Brevard, commanding infantry, with Captain West's company of First Special Battalion, and Captains Westcott, Mays, Bird, and J. Q. Stewart and their companies of First Battalion of Partisan Rangers; and independent infantry of Captains Hope, Bryan, A. [A.] Stewart, O. F. Peek, Beggs, and Mootey; Captain Rou's company of dismounted cavalry; Lieutenant tucker's company from camp of instruction, and the companies of Fourth Georgia Cavalry, performed hard and important outpost and picket duty night and day, lying close to the enemy, and on several accessions driving them back when they were out in force, and while under cover of the fire from their gunboats and batteries. Captain Hope with his company performed good service, and Captains Mootey, Peek, and Beggs, and their officers and men, although just mustered into service, did their duty bravely and well. Lieutenant Tucker, commanding company from camp of instruction, rendered efficient service and is entitled to favorable mention; as also are Lieutenant Thomas Broome and Cadet Lewis M. Gamble. Major [R. B.] Thomas, chief of artillery, commanded the batteries with efficiency and performed good service. The Florida Artillery, Captain R. H. Gamble commanding, with Lieutenants [F. L.] Villepique and [C. E.] Dyke, [Edward W.] Gamble, and [Joseph N.] Whitner; the Milton Artillery, Captain [J. L.] Dunham commanding, with Lieutenants [Simon K.] bull, [Drury] Rambo, and the other officers and men; Abell's battery, Captain [H. F.] Abell commanding, with Lieutenant [Charles F.] Stevens and the other officers and men, deserve special commendation for their admirable discipline, drill, and efficient service. The veteran regiment-First Georgia Regulars, Lieutenant-Colonel [William] Martin commanding, with Major [R. A.] Wayne-maintained during their short service with the command the high reputation they won elsewhere. Lieutenant T. E. Buckman, chief of ordnance, rendered most valuable service during the operations, and is entitled to the highest praise for his bravery, his skill, and his indefatigable energy. Private Francis Soule, of Captain West's company, First Special Battalion, commanding gun detachment, is justly entitled to distinguished commendation for the firmness with which, on several different occasions, he stood by his gun under the enemy's heavy and accurate fire, and for the admirable skill and efficiency with which he commanded his gun. Private James Chesnut, of Captain Chambers' company, also deserves special notice for valuable services rendered day and night at an exposed and isolated point immediately under the enemy's guns.

The brigadier-general commanding congratulates the troops on the result of their labors. With small loss to themselves they have inflicted considerable punishment on the enemy and rendered his occupation of the town fruitless.

By order of Brigadier-General Finegan, commanding:

W. CALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., March 31, 1863.

A. J. GONZALES,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery and Ordnance, Charleston:

COLONEL: The commanding general instructs me to direct that you will remove all ordnance and ordnance stores not necessary for the de-

