
The commanding general fully appreciates the difficulties that you will have to encounter in the discharge of the duties intrusted to you, but is unable to afford any further assistance in the exigency. It will be impossible for him, with the limited means at his command, to do more than to defend or attempt to defend positions and localities such as Charleston and Savannah.

Your recent telegram has induced the hope that the enemy have changed their plans somewhat, and have been diverted from any operations on the Saint John's, at least of the serious and imposing character at first anticipated.

Satisfied with your past administration of the district, the commanding general relies on your energy and judgment, and is assured that you will do whatsoever may be practicable to make head against the enemy within the limits of your command. You can be expected to do no more.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

Distribution of troops in the Third Military District, April 1, 1863.

GREEN POND.

Three companies Twenty-fourth Infantry at Ballooville, 4 miles east of Combahee Ferry.

Chestatee Artillery, Captain Bomar, head of Cheehaw road.

Three companies Fifth Cavalry at Chisolmvile, 6 miles from railroad.

Company B, First Battalion South Carolina Sharpshooters, as heavy artillery, Combahee Ferry.

One piece Preston's light battery, Combahee Ferry.

POCOTALIGO.

Forty-seventh and Forty-eight Regiments North Carolina Volunteers, Cooke's brigade, one-half mile from railroad.

Seven companies Twenty-Fourth South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Stevens, 2 miles from railroad.

Company I, Eleventh Infantry, as light artillery, Salkehatchie (Old Pocotaligo) road, 3 miles from railroad.

Beaufort Volunteer Artillery at Pocotaligo, on railroad.

Nelson Light Artillery at Pocotaligo.

Preston's light battery (three pieces), Salkehatchie road, 3 miles from railroad.

Nine companies cavalry around and near Pocotaligo Station.

Partisan Rangers, Captain Kirk, on Port Royal road, 6 miles from railroad.

COOSAWHATCHIE.

Fifteenth and Twenty-seventh North Carolina Volunteers, Cooke's brigade, at Coosawhatchie, 1 mile from railroad.

Companies A and C, First Battalion South Carolina Sharpshooters, at Coosawhatchie, 1 mile from railroad.

Light Artillery, Captain Cooper, at Coosawhatchie, 1 mile from railroad.

