
La Fayette Artillery, Captain Kanapaux, at Coosawhatchie, 1 mile from railroad.

Companies F and H, as heavy artillery, at Bee's Creek Battery, 4 miles from railroad.

Four companies Fifth Regiment Cavalry, on road to Grahamville, 2 miles from Bee's Creek Battery.

Four companies Fifth Regiment Cavalry, at Grahamville.

HARDEEVILLE.

Company G, Eleventh Infantry, at Savannah river trestle.

Company E, Eleventh Infantry, at Bluffton.

Company K, Eleventh Infantry, near New River.

Company B, Eleventh Infantry, at Bluffton.

Company D, Eleventh Infantry, at Hardeeville.

Forty-seventh Georgia (eight companies), near Red Bluff.

Company A, Palmetto Battalion Light Artillery, at Camp Allen, near New River Bridge.

Four companies Rutledge Cavalry, 2 miles south of New River Bridge.

Company F, Fifth Regiment Cavalry, at Camp De Saussure, 12 miles from railroad, on Screven's Ferry road.

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, CAMP FINEMAN, EAST FLORIDA, Numbers 18. April 2, 1863.

Captain William E. Chambers will proceed with a detachment of 12 men of his company to the neighborhood known as the Econiah Scrub, in Putnam County, where he will make diligent and careful investigation as to the truth and extent of certain revelations made by the slave Toby, recently arrested at Jacksonville, concerning alleged conspiracies of the negroes in that section to leave their owners and go to the enemy. Captain Chambers will arrest such negroes as may be implicated, and should he have reasonable grounds for suspecting that any white persons are also implicated he will not hesitate to arrest them. Much discretion is necessarily given to Captain Chambers as to the measures necessary to arrive at the facts in this matter. He will, however, act coolly and temperately, and not use unnecessary harshness not afterward to be justified.

After completing his investigations he will return with his detachment and report result to the officer in command. Captain S. W. Mays, being familiar with the localities in that section, will accompany detachment and render all aid and whatever information he can necessary to Captain Chamber's careful investigations.

T. W. BREVARD,Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,

Savannah, April 3, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose you herewith report of the

