
board of general officers appointed by Special Orders, Numbers 64, paragraph IV, "to assemble in Savannah for the purpose of examining into and reporting upon certain points in connection with the defense of Savannah and its approaches;" also Appendixes A, B, C, D, and E, annexed thereto.

* * * * *

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. MERCER,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army Confederate States.

[Inclosure.]

Proceedings of a Board of General Officers convened at Oglethorpe Barracks, by virtue of the following orders, viz:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA. Numbers 64. Charleston, March 4, 1863.

* * * * *

IV. A board of general officers is appointed to assemble in Savannah, Ga., as soon as practicable for the purpose of examining into and reporting upon the following points in connection with the defenses of Savannah and its approaches, viz:

1st. Amount and description of heavy ordnance deficient or necessary for the efficient defense of the Savannah River.

2nd. The number and character of heavy ordnance called for and supplied since the 1st of June, 1862.

3rd. What additional ordnance, if any, and description may be necessary to complete the armament of the works constructed, under construction, or ordered, to defend the approaches to Savannah.

4th. What works, if any, are essential for the defense of Savannah in addition to those already constructed, under construction, or ordered.

5th. What additional force of artillery and infantry respectively is required for the proper defense of artillery and infantry respectively is including a movable reserve column, the effective strength of each arm at present available being reported.

6th. What number of negroes have been called for during the last four months, the number received for the same time, and the average number employed each month.

V. The board is authorized to call upon Colonel Anderson and Captain McCrady, or any staff officer in the department, to appear before it and to supply such information, including official reports and papers, as may be deemed proper for the discharge of the special duties herein assigned.

DETAIL FOR THE BOARD.

Brigadier General H. W. Mercer, commanding District of Georgia.

Brigadier General W. B. Taliaferro, Provisional Army of the Confederate States.

Brigadier General W. H. T. Walker, Provisional Army of the Confederate States.

Brigadier-General Mercer will select some staff officer as recorder.

* * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

