
rifled guns, and five 10 or 13 inch mortars, as necessary for an efficient defense.

Captain McCrady, chief engineer of the district, having been called before the board, stated that on the 26th January, 1863, he recommended to Major Harris, chief engineer of the department, that the following additional guns should be furnished as necessary for the batteries in defense of Savannah, viz: six 10-inch columbiads, seven 8-inch columbiads, five 42-pounder rifled guns, thirteen 32-pounder rifled guns, one 24-pounder rifled gun, and four 10-inch mortars.

The board then considered the report of Lieutenant A. T. Cunningham, ordnance officer, being "A list of the guns received in this district since June 1, 1862," which is hereunto annexed as Appendix B, by which it appeared that there have been received in this district two 10-inch mortars from Charleston, two 42-pounder carronades from Charleston, one 8-inch naval columbiad from Charleston, and one 8-inch naval columbiad borrowed from the Navy; and, in addition thereto, thirty guns of various calibers scarcely to be classed under the head of heavy ordnance.

The board adjourned to meet again at 10 o'clock a. m., Saturday, 21st instant.

OGLETHORPE BARRACKS,

Savannah, March 21, 1863-11 a. m.

The board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Brigadier-General Mercer, commanding District of Georgia; Brigadier-General Talliaferro, Provisional Army of the Confederate States; Brigadier-General Walker, Provisional Army of the Confederate States; Captain W. W. Gordon, recorder.

In connection with the third point submitted, Captain McCrady, chief engineer of the district, having been called before the board, stated that the heavy ordnance necessary to complete the works constructed and under construction was as follows:

For River Batteries, as stated by him in first day's proceedings of this board, see page 5.

Fort Bartow, at Carston's Bluff: Two 10-inch columbiads, one 7-inch rifled gun, two 6 1/4-inch rifled guns.

Water Battery Numbers 2, at Carston's Bluff: Two 8-inch columbiads.

Greenwich Battery: Two 8-inch navy shell guns, which could be supplied from Fort Bartow when the 10-inch columbiads above called for are furnished to Fort Bartow.

Thunderbolt Battery: Two 10-inch columbiads, one 7-inch rifled gun, two - mortars.

Beaulieu Battery: Two 10-inch columbiads, one 8-inch columbiad, one 7-inch rifled gun, two - mortars.

Rosedew Battery: Two 10-inch columbiads, one 8-inch columbiad, one 7-inch rifled gun, two 32-pounder smooth-bores, two - mortars.

Genesis Point Battery: Two 10-inch columbiads, one 7-inch rifle gun, one 10-inch mortar.

Fort Boggs: As stated by him in the first day's proceedings of this board, see page 5 of this report.

City Lines-Interior lines of city defense: Eight 4.62-inch rifled garrison guns, to form one battery; six 8-inch columbiads, viz, two for the right flank, two for Fort Mercer, and two for Fort Brown.

There are now nominally upon these city lines forty-six guns, but of these four have been taken for the siege train. Four more are to be taken for the siege train and seven are old guns, very unsafe and likely to burst, being 24-pounders reamed out to 30-pounders. These fifteen guns should be replaced by ten 32-pounders and five 8-inch siege howitzers.

Captain McCrady, chief engineer of the district, then stated that, in

