
consequence of examinations made by General Beauregard, Brigadier-General Mercer, Major Harris, chief engineer of department, and himself, he intended so soon as laborers were to be had to construct works, for the armament of which the following heavy ordnance was necessary:

On the interior line of river defense-

For battery at Screven's Ferry, on the Carolina bank, to give a cross-fire with Fort Boggs upon the river, two 10-inch columbiads, two 7-inch rifled guns.

Battery on Fig Island, two 10-inch columbiads, one 7-inch rifled gun.

Battery on Hutchinson Island, to be reconstructed, two 10-inch columbiads, two 7-inch rifled guns.

The board adjourned to meet again Monday, 23rd instant, at 10 a. m.

OGLETHORPE BARRACKS,

Savannah, March 23, 1863-10 a. m.

The board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Brigadier-General Mercer, commanding District of Georgia; Brigadier-General Taliaferro, Provisional Army of the Confederate States; Brigadier-General Walker, Provisional Army of the Confederate States; Captain W. W. Gordon, recorder.

Captain McCrady, chief engineer of the district, having been called before the board, was asked the following questions by Brigadier-General Taliaferro and made the following answers:

Question. Do you understand your authority to be full to order works to be constructed at any point you deem important for the defense of Savannah?

Answer. Yes; reporting at the same time my order to Brigadier-General Mercer, commanding district, and Major Harris, chief engineer of department, and my reasons therefor.

Question. Will you state what works have been ordered to be constructed by the Engineer Department for the defense of Savannah besides those constructed and in the course of construction?

Answer. A battery at Screven's Ferry, a battery of Fig Island, inclosed work at Deptford, inclosed work in rear of Fort Bartow upon the road to Fort Jackson, enfilading or reverse battery in rear and to the right of Fort Bartow, battery commanding Greenwich Point and Timber Landing Creek, battery commanding opposite side of Timber Landing Creek marsh, inclosed work at head of Timber Landing Creek marsh, position for field battery on Bethesda Point.

Captain McCrady, chief engineer of the district, further stated the armament for the above works should be as follows, viz:

Screven's Ferry: Two 10-inch columbiads, two 7-inch rifled guns.

Fig Island: Two 10-inch columbiads, one 7-inch rifled gun.

Deptford: Two 10-inch mortars, one 24-pounder howitzer, two 12-pounder howitzers, two 10-inch columbiads, one 8-inch columbiad, two 7-inch rifled guns, two 6 1/4-inch rifled guns, three 32-pounder guns, three 3-inch rifled guns, two 6-pounder guns.

Inclosed work in rear of Fort Bartow: Two 8-inch columbiads, four 32 or 42 pounder guns, two 4.62-inch rifled guns.

Enfilading battery in rear of Fort Bartow: Two 42-pounder guns, two 32-pounder guns.

Flank battery to right of Fort Bartow: One 8-inch columbiad, one 42-pounder gun, two 32-pounder guns.

Battery commanding Greenwich and Timber Landing Creek: One 8-inch columbiad, one 42-pounder gun, two 32-pounder guns.

Battery commanding marsh opposite side Timber Landing Creek: One 42-pounder gun, four 32-pounder guns.

Inclosed work at head of Timber Landing Creek: Six 32-pounder guns.

In connection with the fourth point submitted to the board Captain McCrady, chief engineer District of Georgia, stated as follows, viz:

