
Works should be constructed upon the west and southwest of Savannah to cover the Ogeechee and Louisville roads and the Central Railroad. Actual surveys are now in progress which will develop the points to be selected. From personal surveys there should be field works to defend the cause ways leading from the Ogeechee road through Owens' Backwater to the Louisville road; a field work to defend the bridge over the North Branch of the Little Ogeechee; field works to defend the peninsula between the Little and Great Ogeechee; a field work to defend Jencks' Bridge across the Great Ogeechee; field works to defend the Charleston and Savannah Railroad Bridge, especially on eat the intersection of the Purysburg road with the Charleston and Savannah Railroad.

In connection with the fifth point submitted to the board it appears by the statement of Colonel E. C. Anderson, in first day's proceedings of this board (see pages 4 and 5 of this report), that he needs 1,000 effective heavy artillerists to man the batteries under his command, and by statement of Captain McCrady, in first day's proceedings of this board (see page 6 of this report), that there should be 3,000 heavy artillerists for the city lines, including Fort Boggs and Fort Bartow; for the garrison of Savannah 15,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry, besides a movable column of 20,000 men.

By reference to official reports at these headquarters it appeared that the effective force of each arm of service now available for defense of Savannah is as follows: Infantry, 5,331; light artillery, 543; heavy artillery, 1,968; cavalry, 1,450; total, 9, 272.

the board adjourned to meet again Thursday, 26th instant, at 10 a. m.

OGLETHORPE BARRACKS,

Savannah, March 26, 1863-11 a. m.

The board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Brigadier-General Mercer, commanding District of Georgia; Brigadier-General Taliaferro, Provisional Army of the Confederate States; Brigadier-General Walker, Provisional Army of the Confederate States; Captain W. W. Gordon, recorder.

Owing to the want of papers called for, the board adjourned to meet again Saturday; 28th March, at 11 a. m.

OGLETHORPE BARRACKS,

Savannah, March 28, 1863-11 a. m.

The board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Brigadier-General Mercer, commanding District of Georgia; Brigadier-General Taliaferro, Provisional Army of the Confederate States; Brigadier-General Walker, Provisional Army of the Confederate States; Captain W. W. Gordon, recorder.

In connection with the sixth point submitted to the board Captain McCrady, chief engineer of the District of Georgia, having been called before the board, stated as follows:

A call was made upon His Excellency Governor Brown the 22nd November, 1862, for 1,500 negroes as laborers upon the works for the defense of Savannah.

At the request of the Governor to "equalize the impressment," 3,000 negroes were accepted and employed.

The average number of effective hands (negroes) employed was, for December, 1,500; January, 2,000; February, 2,000; first half of March, 1,500. These hands have all been discharged.

New works having been ordered, a new call was made upon His Excellency the Governor the 16th March, 1863, for 1,500 negroes. This call has been referred by the Governor to the Legislature and has not yet been acted upon by the Legislature.

The board have the honor to submit the following report:

1st. The board report, as necessary for the efficient defense of the Savannah River, that twenty-eight guns now in position be replaced by

