
the lines to constitute the movable force their efficiency would be greatly impaired by the fatigue and casualties of an action, and they might be not available when most needed for the lines.

4th. Whilst the city is defended by a strong interior line from the Savannah River to the Springfield Plantation, which might be capable of resisting any assault, the means of communication with the interior might be cut off at a distance beyond the lines and the fall of the city as effectually accomplished. In this view the board regard the protection of the Central Railroad as indispensable to the defense of Savannah. It is the main artery of its communication with the interior, and should be in fact as much an object of defense as the city itself, which is dependent on it. To protect this road a large movable force is absolutely necessary, which must operate at some distance from the city and be to some extent independent of it, drawing it supplies from the country beyond.

The board would also call attention to the approaches on the Carolina side of the Savannah and the necessity of meeting an advance to them by a force independent of the garrisons of the several works.

It is proper and just that the board in this report should bear testimony to the efforts which have been made from time to time by the officers commanding the department and district to forward the defenses and to procure the troops and means necessary to successfully repel the enemy.

H. W. MERCER,

Brigadier General, Prov. Army C. S., and President of Board.

WM. B. TALLAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

W. H. T. WALKER,

Brigadier-General.

There being no further business it, the board adjourned sine die.

H. W. MERCER,

Brigadier General, Prov. Army C. S., and President of the Board.

W. W. GORDON,

Captain and A. A. G., Recorder of Board.

[Appendix A.]

Battery Lee, Savannah River.- Three 10-inch mortars, two 10-inch columbiads, three 8-inch columbiads, one 42-pounder gun, one 32-pounder gun.

Battery Lawton, Savannah River.- Two 10-inch columbiads, two 8-inch columbiads, one 42-pounder gun, one 32-pounder gun, rifled and banded; one 12-pounder mountain howitzer, bronze.

Fort Jackson, Savannah River.- Two 8-inch columbiads, five 32-pounder guns, one 32-pounder gun, rifled and banded; one 12-pounder mountain howitzer, bronze.

Battery Cheves, Savannah River.- Five 32-pounder guns, two 24-pounder Blakely rifles, English.

Hutchinson Island Battery, Savannah River.- Three 32-pounder guns.

Bay Batteries, Savannah River.- One 10-inch mortar, one 8-inch columbiad, two 32-pounder guns.

Total guns of river batteries.- Four 10-inch mortars, four 10-inch columbiads, eight 8-inch columbiads, two 42-pounders, sixteen 32-pounders, two 32-pounders, rifled and banded; two 24-pounder Blakely rifles, two 12-pounder mountain howitzers; forty pieces of ordnance in all.

