
three additional transports which have not debarked any troops. From the most accurate observations that can be made I am induced to think there are landed on Seabrook Island about 3,300 troops. At 1 o'clock yesterday three transports were debarking troops on the southwestern part of Cole's Island (something called Goat's Island), and one transport was lying off the beach empty. Three gunboats, one schooner, and one small steamer in the river off Cole's Island. The scout also saw what he thought was a flat filled with men; it may be the raft referred to in yesterday's report. A large number of men are also reported on Cole's Island; I am inclined to think about as many as on Seabrook Island.

I am, general, very respectfully,

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SULLIVAN'S ISLAND, April 5, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Charleston:

DEAR GENERAL: Presuming upon our ancient friendship, I take the liberty of throwing out a few suggestions touching the defense of Charleston, which I am sure you will receive in the same spirit in which they are given, unless, indeed, you are greatly changed in disposition since we "were boys together," which I have no reason to suspect.

And, first, do you not think it will be well to put a mortar or two in the Half-Moon Battery at Hampstead, or somewhere thereabouts, with a view to control the anchorage in Cooper River above the customhouse; another on the rising ground near the head of new bringde, for the same purpose on that side of the city, and one or two more at White Point Garden?

If the enemy's policy should be, instead of stopping to engage the forts and batteries in our first and strongest line of defense, to run by them with the purpose, after having reduced our interior and weaker defenses, of seizing our communications with this and the adjacent islands, it would (as it seems to me) be a matter of vital importance that we should have the means of defeating such a plan of operations or at least of seriously interfering with its execution, and there is none so well adapted, I think, to the desired end as mortar batteries erected at the points suggested. There is not a spot in the harbor or in either river where an enemy could lie in safety.

With respect to the line which the enemy will choose upon which to operate with his land forces permit me to express my views: I have always believed that he would operate through James Island, and as he begins to develop his attack I am strengthened in that opinion.

There may be said to be three lines open to his choice, one from North Edisto via Church flats and Rantowles; one from Stono through James Island, and one through Christ Church Parish. If the first be adopted, North Edisto is his base; if the second, Stono; if the third, Bull's Bay. With regard to the latter, my knowledge of the country and a recent reconnaissance enable me to pronounce it impracticable, for two reasons, one of which is that in consequence of the extreme shallowness of the water in Bull's Bay neither the transportation nor guns could be landed; and another, that be reason of the extreme property of the country which the enemy would have to traverse in his march toward the city it would be impossible for him to subsist his army except by the transportation of every ration as well as every pound of

