
who, all deserving high praise themselves, have doubtless bestowed it where it is best deserved.

I inclose herewith a list of killed, wounded, and missing, amounting in the aggregate to 204.* Many of those reported as wounded were but slightly so. I also inclose a list of those most highly commended by commanders.

From the best information I have received I estimate the loss of the enemy to have been between 700 and 800.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure.]

In the report of Brigadier General N. G. Evans.

Colonel T. G. Lamar, Lamar's regiment South Carolina Artillery, for gallant and meritorious conduct. Lieutenant-Colonel Gaillard, Charleston Battalion South Carolina Volunteers (mentioned particularly in report of Colonel T. G. Lamar), gallant conduct. Lieutenant Colonel A. D. Smith, Smith's battalion South Carolina Volunteers (mentioned particularly in report of Colonel T. G. Lamar), gallant conduct. Captain Samuel J. Reed, Company B, Lamar's regiment artillery, fell gallantly fighting one of his guns (again mentioned in report of Colonel T. G. Lamar).

Personal staff. - First Lieutenant W. H. Rogers, special aide-de-camp, rendered valuable service in transmitting orders under fire. Campts. E. E. Elliott, Samuel J. Corrie, and H. W. Carr, volunteer aided-de-camp, rendered valuable services in transmitting orders under fire. Assist. Surg. James Evans rendered material aid to the wounded.

In the report of Colonel T. G. Lamar.

Lieutenant Colonel A. D. Smith, Smith's battalion South Carolina Volunteers, gallant and meritorious conduct (mentioned in report of Brigadier General N. G. Evans). Lieutenant Colonel P. C. Gaillard, Charleston Battalion, gallant conduct (mentioned in report of Brigadier General N. G. Evans), stationed in the center and on the right of the battery. Major David Ramsay, Charleston Battalion, meritorious conduct, on the right of the battery at Secessionville. Major Hudson, Smith's battalion, meritorious conduct, on the left of the battery at Secessionville. Captain Samuel J. Reed, Company B, Lamar's regiment artillery, fell fighting one of his guns in the battery at Secessionville (mentioned in Brigadier-General Evans' report). Captain F. T. Miles, Calhoun Guard, Charleston Battalion, gallant conduct, stationed in battery at Secessionvile. Captain G. D. Keitt, Lamar's regiment artillery, great bravery. Lieutenant Barton, Oliver, and Moseley, same regiment, great bravery. Senior First Lieutenant J. B. Humbert, Company I, Lamar's regiment artillery, specially mentioned for great bravery and valuable services, stationed in battery at Secessionville, 8-inch columbiad. Lieutenants Lancaster and Johnson, Company B, Lamar's regiment, and Lieutenant Bellinger, of same company, gallant conduct, in battery at Secessionville. Lieutenant

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

