
vening space, the whole to be secured by two or three bands of tape or bandage.

XIII. The regimental surgeon should before an action satisfy himself by personal inspection that all the means and appliances for carrying the wounded are at hand; give instructions to the infirmary corps as to the application of a tourniquet to restrain dangerous hemorrhage; to establish depots for the wounded under the supervision of the medical director, and render to the men of his regiment all necessary surgical aid, performing there all operations that are required, and he will be held responsible that he has at his disposition all the means, supplies, and appliances for the proper measures to secure them. He will instruct all detailed to assist him not to allow ambulances to be monopolized by wounded officers to the exclusion of others. He will forbid any of the infirmary corps to hold officers' horses on the field or to do anything but what strictly appertains to their duty. The surgeon should not devote himself exclusively to a wounded officer nor leave his post to accompany him to the rear.

XIV. Wounds will be dressed and operations performed as far as practicable on the field, and patients made as comfortable as circumstances will admit for transportation to hospitals in the interior.

XV. Surgeons will supply themselves with hospital flags, and will have them attached to the ambulances and placed conspicuously over the field infirmaries and hospitals.

XVI. As soon as possible after an action surgeon will transmit to the medical director a return of casualties according to the following form:

Return of killed and wounded in the - Regiment in the action of -.

Wounded.

 Killed.	 Dangero	 Severel	 Slight

 	 usly.	 y.	 ly.

Officers.	 ---	 ---	 ---	 ---

Non-commissioned officers.	 ---	 ---	 ---	 ---

Privates.	 ---	 ---	 ---	 ---

 Total	 Remarks.

 wounded.

Officers.	 ---	 (Names of officers

Non-commissioned officers.	 ---	 killed and wounded to

Privates.	 ---	 be inserted here.)

XVII. The material for the badges and for the ambulances flags prescribed in paragraph VI of this order will be provided by the quartermaster's department.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, April 6, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Ironsides steamer and eight monitors have been trying the bar this morning; have not yet passed. Tide now on ebb.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

