
I sent you a telegram to-day suggesting that the east and northeast points of Fort Sumter might be strengthened by building a sand-bag wall 7 or 8 feet thick against the outer surface of the scarp wall. The enrichment exterior to the fort will furnish a good foundation for the sand bags. It might be judicious to make the lower portion of the wall of bags continuous, thus closing the lower embrasures. The guns of the first tier could be mounted on the second, it is believed, and used with as much efficiency as to have them distributed along the lower tier at wide intervals. The closing of the lower embrasures would give much security against the effects of ricochet shots. But without changing the guns structures of sand bags can be erected so as to afford protection to the masonry of the scarp-walls.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. F. GILMER,

Colonel Engineers and Chief of Bureau.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 6, 1863.

Major H. C. GUERIN,

Chief of Subsistence, Charleston:

MAJOR: I have to acquaint you that some 2,500 troops have arrived within the limits of the First Military District from Savannah, for which it will be necessary that you shall make the proper provisions.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

SECESSIONVILLE, April 7, 1863-8.15 a. m.

Captain NANCE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Increase of three or four vessels since yesterday in StoNumbers Thirty-five or thirty-six in all. Weather very thick; observation not good. Pickets exchanged shots across Green Creek yesterday afternoon.

C. H. STEVENS,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, April 7, 1863-11 a. m.

General S. COOPER:

Ten iron-clads outside; did not really cross bar, as reported yesterday. Twenty-seven vessels in Stono 5 p. m. yesterday, and fifty-five, many of them crowded with troops, in North Edisto at 3.40 p. m.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 7, 1863.

Captain JOHN R. TUCKER,

Commanding C. S. Naval Forces afloat, Charleston, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: As it is probable the enemy, for the purpose of exploding our torpedoes, will precede their monitors with the one or two armed "alligators," the latter must be an easy prey for a few boats of the

