
J. B. Kitching, Company H, Lamar's regiment, gallant conduct, Reed's battery, Clarke's house. Adjt. E. J. Frederick, Lamar's regiment, gallant conduct, battery at Secessionville and Reed's battery at Clarke's house. Captain W. W. McCreery, Ordnance Department, C. S. Army, rendered valuable service at the 8-inch columbiad in the battery at Secessionville. Captain Bonnean, Lieutenants Matthews and Hall, C. S. Navy, rendered valuable service at the 8-ich columbiad in the battery at Secessionville.

In the report of Colonel S. D. Goodlett, Twenty-second Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Captain Joshua Jamison, Lieutenant L. S. Hill, H. H. Sally, and J. B. Cobb, valuable service and gallant conduct in sustaining the battery at Clarke's house.

In the report of Colonel C. H. Stens, Twenty-fourth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Lieutenant-Colonel Capers, Twenty-fourth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, gallant conduct in defending advanced battery of 24-pounder guns. Captain Tompkins, Company K, and Lieutenant Beckham, Company G, gallant conduct in holding advanced position until ordered to withdraw.

In the report of Lieutenant Colonel A. D. Smith, Smith's battalion South Carolina Volunteers.

Lieutenant Campbell, Company F, gallant conduct in personally repulsing an assaulting party on the left of the battery at Secessionville. Captain W. H. Ryan, valuable service in battery at Secessionville. Lieutenant George Brown, Company F, and Lieutenant Alexander A. Allemong, Irish Volunteers, valuable service in carrying ammunition through fire of artillery and infantry. Sergeant Hendricks, valuable service in carrying ammunition under heavy fire in battery at Secessionville. Private Joseph Tennent, of the Calhoun Guard, gallant conduct on the left of the battery at Secessionville.

In report of Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Simonton, Eutaw Battalion.

Lieutenant Blum, Washington Ligth Infantry, Company B, gallant conduct; advanced position on right flank. Privates J. Campbell Martin and T. Grange Simons, jr., gallant conduct; both severely wounded, but still fought until exhausted and carried off (mentioned in report of Lieutenant Blum).

In the report of Lieutenant R. A. Blum, commanding detachment of Eutaw Battalion.

Private J. Campbell Martin and T. Grange Simons, jr., gallant conduct (mentioned in report of Colonel Simonton).

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C. AND GA., No. 30. Charleston, S. C., June 17, 1862.

The major-general commanding the department tenders his heartfelt

