
FORT SUMTER, April 10, 1863.

General JORDAN:

Have seen Trapier. His troops have arrived. Has given directions to keep a lookout from Bull's Bay down. All right on Sullivan's Island. Have seen Graham. Got signal-book of the some kind from Keokuk. Twenty-ninth Georgia and artillery arrived. Nothing new of Folly Island. The encampment is 2 miles or more from inlet. Have directed a reconnaissance to be made on that island as soon as possible. Engineer in charge of batteries constructing south of Morris Island been off for a day. Have ordered the work to be pushed on. The raft inside is evidently intended for destruction of boom. Another one outside. Weather is extremely rough. I will be up in an hour or two if interpretation of dispatch prove true and schooners sail.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT MOULTRIE, April 10, 1863.

General RIPLEY:

I beg you not to move any more guns from Battery Bee to Fort Moultrie. In the final fight Battery Bee is invaluable. Small guns are useless in Bee. The officers and men are wedded to those guns; they will be mortified at their removal.

L. M. KEITT,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 10, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed to call your attention to the fact that during the recent action, 7th instant, our batteries fired in all at least 2,200 balls in two and one-half hours' time; the enemy meanwhile having fired not to exceed 125 shots. It is the belief of the commanding general that there was a great waste on our side, which, if repeated in subsequent encounters, will end in our disaster, and to prevent which the most stringent measures and orders must be given and rapidly enforced. The firing must be slow, deliberate, carefully aided, and within short range. All care must be given to this momentous matter, and it is hoped that officers will not again throw away so much precious ammunition.

Battery Bee, for example, never nearer than 2,000 yards to any of the iron-clads, is reported to have fired 283 shots, and Battery Beauregard 157, at the same distance. At this distance only a chance shot can be expected to do any harm to one of the monitors.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 10, 1863.

Brigadier General W. S. WALKER, Pocotaligo, S. C.:

Hold Cooke's brigade in readiness light marching order, with one

