
light battery to be sent here at a moment's notice; five days' subsistence.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, April 11, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

Arrived last night. No further developments of enemy's plans. He has six monitors and the Ironsides inside of bar, fifty vessels of all kinds in Stono, and from 8,000 to 10,000 men on Cole's, Folly, and other islands about its mouth, and about 5,000 men on Seabrook Island, North Edisto. Great importance is attached to having an additional brigade on hand to meet any movement of enemy from from Bull's Bay through Christ Church Parish against Moultrie and other works on Sullivan's Island. It is urged that enemy is near Charleston; that a movement against Wilmington would be at once know here; that owing to ability to concentrate rolling stock troops can be more expeditiously moved hence to Wilmington than the reverse, and that consequently a brigade might be spared from Wilmington for this point.

G. W. C. LEE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 11, 1863.

Brigadier General W. S. WALKER, Pocotaligo, S. C.:

Movements of enemy's boats in Broad River is probably a feint, but use balance of Cooke's brigade to best advantage until further orders.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 11, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING, Wilmington, N. C.:

Enemy's fleet mostly collected in Stono and North Edisto, only a few hours from Bull's Bay. Will telegraph when they leave. If I whip enemy here will send you troops enough to exterminate Forester.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 11, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I consider it advisable that General Gist should occupy Black Island, on Light-House Inlet, as soon as practicable, with about two companies of infantry, one or two light rifled guns, and one or two howitzers, to prevent the enemy from taking possession of that portion from which Secessionville is seen in reverse and the eastern lines are enfiladed. Moreover, from there the navigation of Light-House Inlet Creek would be commanded.

The island was examined some three weeks since by Major D. B. Harris, accompanied by Colonel Hatch, both of whom can give all necessary information on the subject.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

