HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 11, 1863.

Lieutenant WEBB,

In Charge of Boarding Expedition, Charleston:

DEAR SIR: Upon further reflection, after the discussion of yesterday with Captain Tucker and yourself, I think it would be preferable to attack each of the enemy's seven iron-clads (six monitors and one ironsides), now inside of the bar, with at least two of your spar-torpedo row-boats, instead of the number (six in all) already agreed upon. I believe it to be as easy to surprise at the same time the whole of those iron-clads as a part of them.

If your permit me I will give you here my general views upon the expedition.

About dark on the First calm night (the sooner the better) I would rendezvous all my boats at the mouth of the creek in rear of Cummings Point, Morriss Island. There I would await the proper hour of the night, which should not be too late, in order to take advantage of the present condition of the moon; I would then coast quietly along the beach of Morris Island to a point nearest the enemy's present position, where General Ripley shall station a picket to communicate with you and to show proper lights immediately after your attack to guide the return of your boats.

Having arrived at the point of the beach designated I would form line of attack, putting also my torpedoes in position, and would give orders that my boats should attack by twos any monitor or ironsides they should encounter on their way tout, answering to the enemy's hail, "Boats on secret expedition: or merely "Contrabands."

After the attack each boat should make for the nearest point of the shore, where, if necessary to save itself from pursuit, it can be stranded; otherwise it will return to the rendezvous at Cummings Point. Care should be taken to have a proper understanding with commanding officers of the batteries in that vicinity, so as not to be fired into.

I feel convinced that with nerve and proper precaution on the part of your boats' crews, and with the protection of a king Providence, not one of the enemy's monsters, so much boasted of by them, would live to see the next morning's sun.

Please submit this letter to Captain Tucker, and assure him that whatever assistance I can give for this expedition, the success of which must contribute so materially to the safety of this important city, will be freely and heartily furnished.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[APRIL 11, 1863.]

Captain W. F. NANCE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose copy of dispatches received from Ironsides during the last few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

