
the office, and we sent you a less specific answer than the one inclosed. We can give you no further information as to the action of the Secretary. About the time the Secretary of War telegraphed you that he would hold troops in hand to re-enforce from Wilmington when the enemy certainly indicated the point of attack he made promise in consequence of Ransom's command having been removed by order of General Longstreet in the direction of New berne. Evans' brigade is the only force left at Wilmington, and our effort has been to get the Secretary, though it is not by any means certain. Ransom's brigade was ordered off without the knowledge of the secretary of War by General Longstreet, and be ordered back back without great hazard to an expedition on foot against New Berne and Washington.

Yours, very respectfully,

R. W. BARNWELL.

JAMES L. ORR.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

RICHMOND, April 11, 1863.

General BEAUREGARD, Charleston, S. C.:

Ransom's brigade has been removed by Longstreet without the knowledge of the Secretary of war. Whiting has been telegraphed to send Evans' brigade if possible. Longstreet will probably be telegraphed to send Ransom's brigade back to wilmington, so as to insure the marching of Evans. Are the demonstration still threatening from Bull's Bay?

R. W. BARNWELL.

JAMES L. ORR.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

APRIL 11, 1863.

Messrs. BARNWELL and ORR, Senators;

Your message is "contraband," and so decidedly in conflict with our instructions that it cannot be transmitted without the approval of the Secretary of War or Adjutant and Inspector General.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE R. PACE,

C. S. Telegraph Cos.

CHARLESTON, April 12, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Iron-clads have all left harbor, recrossing bar about 3 p. m.; six monitors going forces south, three being towed. Ironsides at anchor outside. Land forces still in same situation as last reported.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

(Same to Barnwell, Mercer, Orr, and Whiting.)

57 R R-VOL XIV

