
panies in the rear of first line. The first line, mistaking the signal, fell back to the next cover. A constant and effective fire was kept up on both sides from cover of trees and bushes for an hour or more. Lieutenant Wilson, who had returned with boat party, here proved of great service to me. He took a party, here proved of great service to me. He took a party at my request to the left, and I Ordered a company to the right to flank the enemy. Both operations were successful, and in a few moments the enemy retreated in confusion, leaving several dead on the field, followed by our men with loud cheers.

It being now about sunset I recalled our troops, and giving to Lieutenant Wilson the command of pickets stationed to guard against surprise, formed the companies in line as originally posted, sent the dead and wounded in boats to the ships, and gradually and very quaintly under cover of night withdrawing the men sent them on board as fast as our limited transportation would allow. At the last trip of the boats I embarked, accompanied by Lieutenant Wilson, Lieutenant-Colonel Graves, and the remainder of my command, at about 10 o'clock p. m., and immediately brought on board the two companies left at Screven's plantation. After the enemy retreated we were unmolested. It is due to the officers and men of the command to say that generally they behaved with cool and intrepid courage. Adjutant Pratt fell dead near my side, gallantry fighting musket in hand and cheering on the men. Our loss, I regret to say, was comparatively heavy-10 killed and 35 wounded out of a command of 300 men. Among the wounded is Acting Lieutenant Badger, of Company C, who was in charge of the advanced picket, and exhibited undaunted courage. He with one of his men was made prisoners. Both escaped, and were brought in when the enemy retreated.

The captain of the Honduras is deserving of great credit for his kind attention to the wounded. Indeed he afforded us every facility for the comfort of officers and men in his power. I respectfully refer to Lieutenant Wilson's report, which I have road, and contains some facts not embraced in this report, among others in relation to the men detailed in charge of the field piece on board ship, who were vigilant and attentive.

Herewith is transmitted a list of casualties.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. FENTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. L. M. BURGER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Tybee Island.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Marcellus Douglass, Thirteenth Georgia Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS CARSTON'S BLUFF,April 21, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I take this the first opportunity to make my report of the engagement between a portion of my command and a regiment of the enemy on Whitermarsh Island on the evening of the 16th instant:

The island lies east of this place, and between is the island called Oakland. I have for some time kept pickets and small scouting par-

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

