
been terrible blows to them, and they will become the laughing-stock of Europe.

With my kind regards to Mrs. Pickens, and thanking you for your congratulations, I remain, yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

Charleston, S. C., April 19, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Captain McCrady (chief engineer of Georgia) has but 132 negroes engaged upon the earthworks near Savannah. Of these 102 will be discharged this week. The remaining 30 are Mr. Spratt's hands, working by contract. The Legislature of Georgia, Captain McCrady informs me, is much opposed to making another impressment, and is inclined to leave it to yourself or Brigadier-General Mercer to make military impressment in accordance with the recent act of Congress. This wold lead to delay and might compromise the safety of Savannah, as the works for which the labor is required are important for her defense.

I would therefore respectfully suggest that an appeal be made to the Legislature of Georgia to adopt such method of supplying this labor as will be attended with the least delay.

The number of slaves required, and for which Captain McCrady has heretofore made urgent application, is 1,500, which had better be furnished in monthly reliefs so long as needed.

Yours, very respectfully,

D. B. HARRIS,

Major and Chief Engineer.

MOUTRIE, April 19, 1863.

Captain NANCE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain T. Pinckney reports the steamer Saint John, Captain Robinson, as having been chased ashore yesterday morning at 6 o'clock on Light-House Island, and after being deserted by captain and crew was taken possession of by the Yankees and towed off at high tide.

J. H. TRAPIER,

Brigadier-General.

SUMTER, April 20, 1863.

Captain NANCE:

The Yankee fleet fired at our boat at the wreck Keokuk. Confederate steamer Chicora steamed out near the wreck and is exchanging shots with fleet at long range. None of the fleet have crossed the bar. The Ironsides appears to be coming toward our boat.

W. H. PERONNEAU,

Captain.

