HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,Pocotaligo, April 20, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Captain James Lowndes, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant George S. Worthington, aide-de-camp, were sent as bearers of a flag of truce to Port Royal Ferry, in compliance with instructions from department headquarters. These offices were instructed by me to refuse to communicate with any officer of the negro regiments, as they have been proclaimed outlaws and felons by the President of the Confederate States.

It is true that this outlawry extended to the general commanding, but I could not but regard it as offensive and insulting that the immediate agents engaged in these organizations should be sent to receive a flag of truce dispatched from my headquarters.

In cases of necessity, where charity to the dead and wounded required immediate action, I would feel forced to treat with my representative the enemy might choose to send. But no such necessity now exists, and among the considerable forces now assembled in our front their commanding officer should have chosen some one for the purpose of communication not obnoxious to the well-known sentiments of the authorities of the Confederate Government. The enemy had been notified the day previous that a flag of truce would be sent with a communication for their commanding general. Captain Lowndes was met by an officer who announced himself as Colonel Higginson, of the First South Carolina Regiment. He was rowed to the bulkhead by a negro in the full uniform of sergeant of infantry. His regiment is know from his special reports to be composed of negroes. Captain Lowndes informed him of the instructions from my headquarters, forbidding him to hold communication with any officer of a negro regiment, and returned. Colonel Higginson stated that he would communicate to the commanding general of the United States forces the refusal to communicate with him and the reasons assigned.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 20, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL, Goldsborough, N. C.:

No troops or iron-clads have left here to support Foster as yet.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 20, 1863.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN,

Commanding District of East Florida:

GENERAL: It is the wish of the commanding general that the cavalry troops in your district should be as effectively organized, armed, drilled, and disciplined as may be practicable under the existing conditions of the service, to which end he expects commanding officers of cavalry to pay particular attention to the drill of their men, dismounted as well as

