
River, probably for the purpose of preventing any attempt being made to raise the Keokuk. The general suggests at the same time the propriety of attacking the monitors during a favorable night, according to the plan agreed upon sometime since, with the spar-torpedo row-boats, as soon as the iron-clads shall have entered the channel to this place.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. TOUTANT BEAUREGARD,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 21, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that, if they can possibly be spared, you will transfer to Savannah from Fort Sumter six 30-pounder guns for works in the vicinity of the former place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLIFTON H. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 21, 1863.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER,

Commanding District of Georgia, Savannah:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 19th instant I have inform you that one of the 10-inch columbiads in question reached here some days ago, and in view of an apparently impending attack by the monitor iron-clads of the enemy it was placed in position of Fort Moultrie, whence it will be sent to you as soon as practicable. The other gun has just arrived, and will be sent on without delay, unless the iron-clads now in the North Ediston shall again appear off this harbor. Evidently they can contemplate no movement against Savannah as yet.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

APRIL 22 [21], 1863-8.15 a. m. [?]

Brigadier-General HAGOOD:

GENERAL: Rockville picket at 12 o'clock to-day (21st instant) reported four iron-clads, thirteen schooners, and twelve steamers, one devil (what they take for the devil is, however, the falt with boats aboard, which I reported before). This afternoon (21st) they report in North Ediston nine steamships, four iron-clads, cone devil, and fourteen schooners. The transport with troops that came in yesterday evening and anchored near the Point of Pines Wharf has gone down opposite to Seabrook Island. One large steamer went to a sea about 1 o'clock this morning. From Legareville at sunset 21st five schooners, one up at Campbell's and another, which came in this afternoon (apparently without troops), anchored off Cole's Island. There is a also a gunboat up Folly River.

