
The tents of Folly Point are more numerous than when last reported-no a large encampment. A small white steamer came in this morning from northward; a steamer passed the bar going southward; a schooner left Stono River about the same time and went in same direction. The want of good glasses probably prevents us from seeing many things which might be of importance to observe.

Respectfully,

JOHN JENKINS,

Major, Commanding Advanced Forces.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 22, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL, Goldsborough:

Send you Cooke's brigade, although much needed, enemy being still in force at Port Royal and North Ediston. His six monitors in latter bay.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

(Duplicate to Whiting at Wilmington.)
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 22, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The work on the marine torpedo ram is at a stand-still for want of material and money. It will be remembered that the work was undertaken with the understanding that the sum of $50,000 would be supplied by the State of South Carolina and such material as the Navy Department had available. The money has been received and is exhausted; some material has been furnished by the Navy Department, but hugs far the substantial assistance of iron-planting has been denied, and hence the progress in the work has been incommensurate with its importance, and very far behind what I was led to expect when I was induced to undertake the construction.

Meantime the great value of the invention has been demonstrated so as to secure general conviction, and Captain Tucker, commanding Confederate States naval forces afloat on this station, declares unhesitatingly that this one machine of war, if finished, would be more effective as means of defense and offense than nearly all the iron-clad share afloat and building, a fact of which I am and have been fully assured. Had it been furnished and afloat when the enemy's iron-clads entered this harbor several weeks ago but few of them probably would have escaped. Be that as it may, I trust the Department will have the matter inquired into; that is, the relative value, as war engines, of the Lee torpedo ram and of the iron-clad rams Chicora, Palmetto State, and others of the same class now building in this harbor, to the absorption of all the material and mechanical resources of this section of the country.

I cannot express to the War Department in too strong terms my sense of the importance of the question involved and of its instigate connection with the most effective defense of this position. I do not desire to impose my views, but feel it my duty to urge an immediate investiga-

