
FORT SUMTER, April 22, 1863.

Captain NANCE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have consulted some old man-of-war's men, and I find the Ironsides is rigged for sea, fore-mast and mizzen-mast with spars. I, however, cannot see that she looks much different from when she came from Port Royal. Gunboat Bienville is moving about her busily, and men on the bow and wheel-house. Cannot make out what she is doing.

ALFRED RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 23, 1863.

Captain J. R. TUCKER,

Commanding Afloat, Charleston, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: Your two letters of this date have been received.* I regret much to hear of the condition of the Chicora's boilers, and of the order detaching from your command the officers and men of the "special expedition," to return to Richmond, Va. I am most particularly of the opinion that their services may be required here so long as the enemy's six iron-clads remain in North Ediston, for they no doubt intend, if not to attack Charleston, to prevent any endeavor being made to raise the Keokuk. Should they cross over the bar for that purpose and remain one night inside. I hope we may then be able to try upon them the efficiency of Lee's spar torpedoes, in which I am free to confess I have the utmost confidence.

I would respectfully suggest that these "officers and men" should be retained here until the further wishes of the Navy Department can be obtained.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 23, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

The naval offices and detachments sent here to board monitors in certain contingency have been ordered back to Richmond. I regard that detachment as still most necessary here. It is not prudent to look upon enemy's attempt on Charleston at end for season. Six monitors are at North Ediston.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

