
the debate by Senator Phelan, who probably takes me for a Cromwell in embryo! Let his slumbers be sound. I aim at but one thing, the success of our cause, and whoever can accomplishing that shall receive my hearty support. The Senator's suspicion of antagonism to the President on my par this unfounded. I had no such idea, and to expectation that the President would object in the matter. I had repeatedly applied to the War Department for additional artillery force as essential to man the works here, and I was answered that no new companies could be raise, as by the law all men subject to conscription must be absorbed by organizations in exigence (April 16, 1862), a correct decision I found on examination. I then sought to obtain the authority by the law in question, for the War Department has invariably expressed a disposition to authorize the companies but for the legal restriction. At first it was proposed to draw up a bill to authorize a battalion of four or six companies, but on reflection it was thought more economical (saving a field officer) and as best calculated to be speedily carried out by adding two companies each to the First Regiment South Carolina Artillery and First South Carolina Infantry, which last was, had been doing, and (from the necessities of the service) must continue artillery service. It was for this service also that I desired to have the designation of the regiment made de jure, to accord with its de facto condition, which I presume had not been done by the War Department solely for a want of power, as I could think of no other objection to such a measure on its part. There are no less than three First Regiment of South Carolina troops in sigh of Charleston, all on artillery duty (Rhetty's, Butler's and Frederick's), the result being much confusion. Moreover, there is another First Regiment (Gregg's old regiment) in Virginia.

Please communicate this to Senator Phelan, who may be assured I have no desire to interfere with the President's prerogatives, as he would be convinced were he to know me better. I am happy to find that Wigfall is the pres chevalier I always took him to be. Give him my kind thanks. In the matter of Guerin, let me say that the charges were forwarded long ago; that is, as soon as it became apparent the President had determined to revise the matter himself. Meantime Guerinhad been only in mere nominal arrest. He was never disturbed in the least in the discharge of his duties, simply because I wished to avid disturbance with Northrop (his relative by marriage) and with the President. Rarely are charges ever preferred in the filed, or when expecting battle, within the eight days prescribed in the Articles of War. Staff officers have been kept in arrest or off duty under such circumstances for many months in the regular service, and Mr. Seddon has been imposed on, he may rest assured. The charges against Guerin are as yet enacted on. It is even said by his friends that they have been disapproved. The charges are not trivial or frivolous, and could have been greatly multiplied under each head. Besides, Mr. Seddon has read and admitted the force of my letter showing Guerin's untruthful conduct in relation to arrangements about hides. He will not say that my allegations are not sustained, and yet Guerin remains on duty. The fact is the subsistence department here (as I fear elsewhere) is a nest of corruption; agents are getting rich with impunity under my very nose, for I cannot reach them. Guerin's weakness is a gold mine to them. The course of the Government towards him emboldens them. I care not personally who tries my delinquent officers. All that I ask is that the guilty shall be punished and the worthless turned adrift. I have not time, if I were so disposed, to favor friends or persecute enemies. My whole body and soul are in this contest, which is one of life

