
and death a nation of which I, my family, and friends form a part. I believe and hope that my love of country is unsullied by selfishor personal consideration. All that I had or owned, my wife and daughter, are all in the hands of an unscrupulous enemy. When I parted from my family I expected to have been absent only two weeks, but we have now been separated over years. Mrs. Beauregard, all this while, has been almost on the point of death. I do not say this to praise myself, but to show what I have at stake in this contest. All I ask is not to be cramped, decried, or unnecessarily drive into opposition to the Government, where a united front and the concentrated efforts of all are absolutely required to withstand the gigantic storm which threatens to engulf us at any moment. I am well aware that like others I have my faults and my deficiencies, but, thank God, selfishness and ambition form no part of my nature.

In conclusion, I can but express my thanks to the Honorable Secretary of War of his good intentions to assist us here. I feel convinced that, so far as he is concerned, we can rely upon him. I am aware also that his means of assistance are unfortunately quite limited. But the essence of war after all is to know what to give up in time to save or gain more than we can lose, and always to do quickly what has to be done. Not having time to write in a legible hand, my brother has done so for me. I send you a copy of the President's instructions to Colonel Chesnut when the latter came here last month. It is a-. You can fill up the bank yourself.

With kind regards to Wigfall and other friends, I remain, yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

P. S.-The truth is just coming out in the Yankee papers relative to the battle of the 7th instant. It seems that we nearly exterminated the tribe of monitors in two and one-half hours. "What a fall was there, my countrymen!"
HEADQUARTERS STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA,Columbia, April 24, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

DEAR SIR: Major Echols' report of 20th instant, upon the subject of slave labor, with your indorsement of the 21st, has been received.

Be assured I have been keenly alive to the importance of this labor from the first moment, which interest was enhanced by my recent visit to Morris Island. But the act of the Legislature, you will perceive on looking at it,is intended to prevent my furnishing the labor otherwise than under the act and to do away with impressments. In order to approximate more nearly the among called for, namely, 3,000, I have directed Colonel Shannon to call for two divisions, the First and Fourth, for the month of May, which I hope will enable the engineers to complete the works, as the cultivation of the provision crop at this juncture is growing daily more important and there is great unwillingness on the part of the planters to send their hands to the coast unwillingness on the part of the planters to send their hands to the coast at this particular period. I called to see you when in Charleston, and hoped to have an opportunity to explain to you that this unwillingness had been occasioned heretofore in no small started home with an insufficient supply of rations, rendered insufficient frequently from detentions on the road,

