
per month to each soldier who will work on the fortifications in additional to the wages he now gets, and the work would not then cost as much as it costs to have it done by negro labor, including all the incidental expenses.

The State troops last year built the line of fortifications constructed by order of General Jackson, including Fort Boggs, with the exception probably of the masonry, without any additional compensation and without complaint. The troops in Virginia and Tennessee have general built the fortifications ordered by our general in the same way.

For these and other considerations the General Assembly, after mature consideration, neglected to instruct or advise me to impress the negroes which you desire, believing, if you should decide that the necessity is so urgent as to justify it under the act of Congress, you then have ample power to impress all you may need. If this should be your decision, and you should determine to take the hands from the plantations at this season of the year, when their labor there is so important in the production of provisions, you will meet with no opposition from the State authorities, and I trust our people will yield a ready acquiescence in your decision.

The further consideration doubtless habits effect upon the legislature, that when the negroes are impressed by the State authorities and turned over to the Confederate officers the owners look to the State for their proper treatment and support, when the State has no direct control over them. If overseer or agents are sent with the negroes by State authority they cannot have the control of the hands, as they must be worked under the direction of Confederate officers, and there is a lack be worked under the direction of Confederate officers, and there is a lack of system and a divided responsibility, which cannot result beneficially to the slave or the public service. If the impressment is made by the Confederate officer, who is the judge of the necessity of his judgment, the power is less likely to be abused, and there will be more system and energy in persecution of the work and better attention given to the negroes.

While I trust you may determined to hire the troops to do the work and leave the present productive labor of the State to make provisions, without which our success is impossible, I shall be content to abide your decision, as I have the fullest confidence in your ability and patriotism, and hope if you make the impressment it will be so conducted as to bear as lightly as possible upon the agricultural interests of the State.

In conclusion, permit me to add that the resolutions of the General Assembly under which the late requisition was met and filled were predicated upon the fact that you then had no power to impress or hold the slaves. This difficulty having been removed, and the power having been conferred by the act of Congress, I do not feel authorized further to act under said resolution.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

