
CHARLESTON, S. C., April 28, 1863.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

Reported yesterday afternoon thirty steamers and sailing vessels in Ediston, with six having troops in board, supposed about 3,000 men; five monitors still there and one in Port Royal.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

(Same to Messrs. Orr, Barnwell, and Miles.)

SIGNAL OFFICE,

Charleston, S. C., April 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General JORDAN,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 85, from headquarters of this department, I have visited the District of East and Middle Florida, examined the former with a view to establishing signal telegraphs there, and inspected the lines already established in the latter, and I have the honor to submit the following report of my proceedings, &amp;c.:

My first attention being directed to East Florida I had the honor of an interview with General Finegan, commanding there, whose headquarters are at Lake City. I learned that he had already addressed a letter to you, dated 17th April, 1863, requesting you to send him a signal officer. His desire is to have a line of signals from the mouth of Saint John's River to Jacksonville, where he is about establishing a battery to contest the possession of the river with the enemy, and which he thinks will be very serviceable in keeping him informed of the numbers and movements of the blockaders off that bar. He expects soon to have the magnetic telegraph extended as far east as Jacksonville, and thus, with the aid of signals, will be able to receive immediate intelligence from the bar. The distance from Jacksonville to the bar is about 20 miles, the river very broad all the way, and very convenient therefore for signal lines along the banks. General Fingan also desires, if possible, a signal line extending from mouth of Saint John's to mouth of Saint Mary's, for the better observation of the enemy there, and also another line of 20 miles on the Gulf coast, from Cedar Keys upward to mouth of the Suwannee River. This latter place I did not examine, but learned enough of the country there to suppose it very practicable. The proposed line from Saint John's to Saint Mary's I do not think practicable on account of the low marshy nature of the coast, certainly not without building high and expensive towers. The two lines on Saint John's River and on the Gulf coast old be easily established and with little expense. The country seems very healthy and pleasant about the coast. In the interior, away from the coast and water courses, signal communication would be impracticable on account of the dense forests and the level country. yet signal-men could be of service there with the wire telegraphs if such are put up. I respectfully suggest that one of the signal offices of this department be ordered for duty to General Finegan's district.

In the Middle District of Florida I find Lieutenant Steadman in charge of a small but well organized and instructed corps of signal men, and rendering efficient service. IIis lines extend only from Saint Mark's

