
commanding and accompanied him to Secessionville to inspect the works, as well as to ascertain our loss and the situation and condition of our troops. After giving instructions relative to the wounded and dead, also as to the arms captured, I returned to my headquarters, and in accordance with instructions from the major-general commanding ordered Colonel P. H. Colquitt to repair with his regiment of Georgia Volunteers as soon as possible and relieve Colonel Goodlett, in command of Secessionville. Colonel Goodlett and his command were completely worn down and exhausted. I would here state that I had before directed Colonel Lamar to send all his exhausted men to the rear on the arrival of Colonel Goodlett's command, which order left him but 150 men for duty. The troops at Secessionville on the morning of the 16th were much fatigued, as they had been engaged at work in the entrenchments during the entire night, and many were entirely worn-out when the action commenced in the morning.

In reference to the action on our right I would respectfully refer for particulars to the report of Colonels Hagood and C. H. Stevens, herewith inclosed.

To my personal staff - First Lieutenant W. H. Rogers, special aide-de-camp; Capts. R. E. Elliott, Samuel J. Corrie, and H. W. Carr - I am much indebted for their untiring exertions in transmitting my orders under fire. Asst. Surg. James Evanbs, of my staff, rendered material aid to the wounded who were brought to the rear.

In conclusion, I would add that at 8 a. m. Brigadier General W. D. Smith joined me at Clarke's house, where I directed him to take command of the right wing and attack the enemy vigorously. I have received no report from him, but take it for granted the reports of Colonels Hagood and Stevens cover the action of the troops on the right.

To the dauntless Lamar and the troops under his command at the commencement of the assault, the Charleston Battalion, Lieutenant-Colonel Gaillard; Lieutenant-Colonel Smith's battalion, and companies of Lamar's regiment engaged, the country, and South Carolina in particular, owe a debt of gratitude and thanks which I know a grateful people will acknowledge. For the gallant dead the country will ever mourn. The intrepid Reed fell while cheering his men to victory, just as the enemy were repulsed.

The reports herewith inclosed will give casualties on our side: 39 killed, 93 wounded, and 2 missing; total, 134.*

No report has been received from Lieutenant-Colonel Smith's battalion. Colonel T. G. Lamar's report will be forwarded as soon as received.

Herewith I also inclose you a copy of a letter from Brigadier-General Stevens, commanding the Federal forces, and also of my reply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. R. WADDY, Asst. Adjt. General, Charleston, S. C.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. SECOND MILITARY DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA,James Island, S. C., June 18, 1862.

To the COMMANDING GENERAL

Of the Confederate Forces on James Island, S. C.:

SIR: In the action of the 16th it is known that some of our dead,

---------------

*But see Report Numbers 24. The discrepancy is not explained by the records.

---------------

