
light-house to Tallahassee, where it connects with the wires of General Cobb's headquarters, at Quincy. I had not the honor of seeing General Cobb, he being absent in Georgia at the time of my visit to Quincy; but his assistant adjutant-general spoke in complimentary terms of Lieutenant Steadman's corps, which certainly reflects credit upon him. The great regard he pays to economy and the little expense his lines have been to the Government are especially commendable.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES ALEXANDER,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Dept. of S. C., Ga., and Fla.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MIDDLE FLORIDA,Quincy, April 28, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: I venture to address you this unofficial letter because I desire to present for your consideration in a manner more earnest than formal certain matters connected with my command.

1st. If the law will permit, I am extremely anxious to get the commissions for the field officers of my new battalion and regiment. It will greatly facilitate the filling up the companies. It is also necessary for the discipline and drilling of the companies. At present I have nine companies in camp at this place and no field officer with them; the result is that I have to act as colonel. My staff have to superintend the drilling of the companies, and I am now drilling the regiment in battalion drill myself, besides discharging the other detail duties of colonel. Under these circumstances I hope it is not asking too much to have the field officers appointed, if nothing is in the way but the want of a precedent.

2nd. In reference to this particular regiment, I hope no difficulty will be found in appointing the officers I have recommended. I make this remark because of an intimation that Colonel Weems would not be appointed. when you remember that I have announced that the officers recommenced by me would be appointed you will readily see that a refusal by the Department to do so puts me in a false position with my command and can be attended with none but bad results; besides I have urgent reasons for making this recommendation, and therefore press the matter upon your attention. In all these matters of raising troops I successful, and I hope the Department will strengthen my hands by enabling me to carry out my announcements where the law will authorize and justify it.

3rd. The question of getting arms for my men is giving me great trouble. I have now in the field about 1,000 men without arms. I was promised 800 guns from Columbus and Montgomery. Of that number 300 good muskets have reached me from Montgomery and 200 carbines from Columbus, which have to be sent back as worthless. This is my condition, and I most earnestly beg to be furnished with arms. If you will permit me, I can suggest where the arms can be had; at Macon, Ga., there are 1,500 old muskets now being altered, and at Cook's establishment, Athens, Ga., there are turned out for the Government and sent to Augusta, Ga., 200 rifles a week. Doubtless there are other resources from which I might be supplied, but I mention these because they have

