
at Battery [Haig?] and the other at John's Island Ferry, will be at once relieved by Brigadier-General Evans and join their battalion.

* * * * * * *

VII. Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 98, current series, Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, dated May 3, 1863, the following regiments, battalions, and companies are relieved from duty in this military district, to proceed, under the command of Brigadier-General Gist, to Jackson, Miss., to report to Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

1st. Forty-sixth Georgia Volunteers, Colonel P. H. Colquitt.

2nd. Twenty-fourth South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel C. H. Stevens.

3rd. Eighth Georgia Battalion Volunteers, Captain [Z. L.] Watters.

4th. Ferguson's Light Battery, Captain T. Be. Ferguson.

IX. In addition to these, Brigadier-General Hagood, commanding Second Military District, has been ordered to place one regiment of infantry at the command of Brigadier-General Gist, which now awaits his orders.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Ripley:

WM. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 5, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

I send Gist's and Walker's brigades (best troops) and two batteries. Keep them together, if practicable, under Gist; they will go by Selma and Mobile. Give all assistance possible.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, May 5, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Richmond:

The two 11-inch guns from wreck of Keokuk have been saved by Mr. LaCoste and parties from Fort Sumter under Lieutenants Beyleston, Rhett, and Kemper. Too much praise cannot be bestowed on their zeal and energy.

Troops for Mississippi Valley will be moved with utmost speed of transportation.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., May 6, 1863.

L. HEYLIGER,

Major and Adjutant, Confederate States, Nassau:

MAJOR: The commanding general instruct me to inclose a circular which he has caused to be addressed to call owners and agents of vessels engaged in the trade between this city and Nassau. He desires that you will formally demand of each vessel freighting for this coast to receive and transport, according to her tonnage capacity, not to exceed 25 tons of the iron planting now at Nassau, and in case of refusal by any party you will please make known the determination of these headquarters to deny to the vessels of said parties the privilege of a return cargo of cotton and naval stores, as duly set forth in the inclosed

