
circular, and you will further please report by triplicate, and via Wilmington as well as this place, the name of any vessel upon which it was refused to receive said iron mailing on your requisition.

It is of the utmost importance that at least 300 tons of this iron should reach here as soon as it can done, and you can render no more valuable service than by securing its prompt transportation and delivery and by impressing the agents and owners of vessels engaged in running the blockade with a due seance of the service they will be doing by lending us their utmost assistance in this matter.

While 25 tons at a time have been placed as the maximum to be required, any parties bringing more may find it to their decided advantage.

It is thought that the rate of freights charged should not exceed @30 per ton and that payable here; for the rate of @60 per ton at present rates of exchange it would be $1,500 per ton.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA.,

Charleston, S. c., May 6, 1863.

There are now in Nassau some 400 or 500 tons of iron mailing plates, which are required for the completion of machines of war essential to the defense of this harbor. All engaged in the commerce of this city are believed to be peculiarly interested in the completion of one of these particularly, and should cheerfully contribute what they can to that end. They will be expected to do so, and the object of this circular is to acquaint the owners and agents of all vessels employed in running between this port and Nassau that the agent of the Confederate States Government at the latter place is instructed to require of all vessels to carry a fair proportion of said iron planting until at least 300 tons shall have been delivered in the city of Charleston, and to report to these headquarters any vessel whose owners, master, or agent may refuse on due requisition to take the same on board; and it will be further required that said iron shall not be received as such an excess of proper cargo for the trade as to render it probable that it must be thrown overboard in case of pursuit or except in extreme stress of weather.

The commanding general cannot permit himself to doubt that this requirement will be promptly and loyally complied with, but at the same time, in view of the exigency, deems it meet to say that vessels upon which the iron planting in question may be refused as freight will not be allowed the privilege of receiving cotton my rail from the interior or permitted to take cotton or naval stores hence abroad. And this notice is given for the guidance of all concerned.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND MILITARY DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA,Adams Run, May 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The contemplated naval expedition in North Edisto may

