
succeed in dispersing the enemy's fleet in that river, and their land force on Seabrook Island will in that event be for some hours at least without the protection of gunboats. There will then be nothing to prevent our storming their camp and capturing the whole force.

I would like to take over to the neighborhood a sufficient force, and have them ready to make an assault in the event of the fleet being dispersed even for a short time; not otherwise.

I must leave some troops in the main, and will have disposable for the expedition not exceeding 1,100 infantry and two batteries of artillery (eight pieces). The enemy probably have on the island between 2,000 and 2,500 infantry and a battery of field pieces and are entrenched. Pending the panic which will necessarily be excited among them by the naval success it appears to me entirely feasible to storm their works with an equal number of troops.

If my project is approved by the commanding general I ask that sufficient infantry be sent me and a Whitworth gun that I am informed is in Charleston. This last would be placed in position at Rockville just previous to my advance, and could play effectively upon their camp from that point until we had reached their works. Artillerists accustomed to its use should be sent with the Whitworth gun.

I would also respectfully suggest that as far as he may deem proper the commanding general would urge dispatch in the naval expedition. It was almost impossible to keep the objects of the reconnaissance recently made a secret in this district, and the enterprise I have reason to know was talked of in private circles in Charleston four days ago. Dispatch in important for this reason, as well as that the iron-clads may withdraw from this favorable locality at any moment.

I am, general, very respectfully,

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DIST. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., May 9, 1863.

Approved. Order two regiments and one battalion of infantry and one light battery from First District, also one battalion sharpshooters (Abney's) from Third Military District-in all about 1,800 men, to report to Brigadier-General Hagood for the expedition referred to by him.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

MAY 10, 1863.

P. S.-In consequence of telegram from War Department ordering 5,000 additional men to General Pemberton the above order of 9th instant is countermanded and those troops are recalled, except Preston's battery. Brigadier-General Hagood will, however, support that naval expedition against enemy's iron-clads in North Edisto as originally ordered.

G. T. B.,

General, Commanding.

