
and it is probable that a few of our wounded, were left at or in rear of your works. I compliance with the urgent wishes of friends and in accordance with my own convictions of propriety and of duty I have determined to send a flag of truce to ascertain the names of the killed and of the wounded, and if practicable to recover the bodies of the dead. It will eve be my determination to conform in the most ample manner to the usages of civilized and Christian warfare, and I have seen to it that all of your men who are now prisoners in our hands have been treated with courtesy and respect. I am glad to learn that on your part that same course has been taken toward the prisoners recently taken by you. The bearers of the flag I now send to you are my division surgeon, Dr. George S. Kemble, and my aide-de-camp, Captain William T. Lusk, and I trust you will fund it consistent with your duty to extend to them every proper facility to procure information in regard to their missing comrades, and if possible to recover the remains of the dead. We shall be glad to send money and clothing to our prisoners in your hands, and in return will see that all articles of necessity and comfort which their friends desire to send safely reach your men prisoners with us.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient,

ISAAC I. STEVENS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS,James Island, S. C., June 18, 1862.

Brigadier-General STEVEN,

Commanding Federal Forces, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: You communication, through a flag of truce borne by Dr. George S. Kemble and Captain William T. Lusk, has just been received, and in reply thereto I have the honor to state that the information desired as to the names and condition of your wounded in the engagement of the 16th instant will be cheerfully furnished you at an early hour. The wounded having been sent to the city of Charleston it is necessary to communicate with that place first. I have also to state that your ded as far as found have been decently interred.

It has ever been the custom of our armies of conform to the "usages of civilized and Christian warfare," and our [your] wounded and prisoner have been and are being well cared for in all respects.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Confederate Forces.

Numbers 26. Report of Colonel T. G. Lamar, First South Carolina Artillery.*

GENERAL: Through the inter position of Providence it becomes my duty to report to you that the forces under my command gained a complete victory over the enemy on the 16th instant at Secessionville Neck.

---------------

*It appears that up to August 31, 1862, there were two First Regiment South Carolina Artillery. Lamar's regiment became the Second.

---------------

