
The commanding general directs, however, that you will retain Preston's battery, and support the naval expedition against the enemy's iron-clads in North Ediston, as originally ordered.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

SECESSIONVILLE, May 10, 1863.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I sent a party to Cole's Island; they report that no enemy are on Cole's or Goat's Island. In Stono Bay are one steamer, one brig, and nine schooners. In Folly River, one gunboat, one transport, steamer, and two schooners. All quiet.

CHARLEST H. SIMONTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 11, 1863.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

Don't strip us of troops-really of means of efficient defense. There are evidences of impending attack; don't invite it. I beg you to reconsider last order, and leave here what few troops left-much short of force here this time last year. Great excitement in community; is regarded as leading to surrender of place to enemy when he chooses to approach by land.

WM. PORCHER MILES.

RICHMOND, May 11, 1863.

General BEAUREGARD:

Retain 5,000 infantry and send the rest. I infer from your last report that you have of all arms upward of 15,000 effectives. Is not this so?

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., May 11, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: This morning, as clearly as it could be done in the space of a telegram, I sought to lay before you the military condition in which this department would be left after the execution of your orders of yesterday, directing me to send another division of 5,000 men out of it to Lieutenant-General Pemberton. In view, however, of the grave consequences that may follow, I deem it not only in place, but only duty, to lay before the Department, in precise terms, my views touching the removal at this juncture of so large a force.

As soon as the enemy had withdrawn his iron-clad ships from before

