
General Ripley, and Evans' brigade, as now organized, will repair to Jackson, Miss., and report to Lieutenant General Pemberton.

The quartermaster's and subsistence departments will respectively make all proper provisions for the most efficient execution of this order.

II. Brigadier-General Trapier will be relieved from duty in the First Military District, and assume command of the Second Military District as soon as General Hagood shall be ready to relinquish the command.

III. To provide for their security, all heavy ordnance, with their ammunition, &amp;c., in the Second and Third Military District of South Carolina, except such as can be properly supported at strong works and the most important points, will be drawn in and stored at Charleston.

IV. District commanders must re-arrange and dispose their respective commands in accordance wi the foregoing reductions and so as to insure the health of the troops as far as practicable.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT ANDREW'S PARISH,May 11, 1863.

Captain B. H. READ,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Military Dist., Charleston, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: From observations of reconnoitering parties to Folly Island I beg leave to report the movements of enemy, and also to make the following suggestions as to the further defense of James Island:

The enemy now occupy the whole of Big Folly Island, and are engaged in erecting batteries both against Morris Island and James Island. From his works on the west of Folly Island I am convinced they are intended to cover his landing on James Island and Secessionville. He has now, from what has been observed, about two brigades on Folly Island and five gunboats in Folly River and off the southern point of Folly Island. With this force he is engaged in entrenching the troops to prevent surprises of attacks on his rear. To prevent his further advance I would respectfully recommend that Black Island be at once fortified and occupied by at least two companies. Also a full regiment held as reserve to support Morris Island, to be stationed at some healthy location on Sullivan's Island or mount Pleasant. If the enemy should advance (as he did last year-his most accessible point) from Battery island he would engage simultaneously James and Morris Islands, and the small number of troops on either island will not be able to support each other directly; hence the utmost necessity of having a strong reserve to be thrown where the most needed. I am now of the opinion that the force now on James Island is barely adequate to its defense, especially if John's Island be not strongly picketed. As the brigadier-general commanding is fully aware, the enemy could easily engaged Fort Pemberton and what is known as the West Lines, at the same time making his attack from Battery Island on Secessionville and from Folly Island on Morris Island. These attacks could be made with 15,000 men in conjunction with his gunboats. The latter he has already in position. I would further state that I am daily expecting his attack.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General Commanding.

