
moved from you, as well as those which have been heretofore at similar seasons retained for your defense.

It has been alleged, as I learn, that three brigades had been returned to North Carolina. This is not substantially correct, for one of those sent away at first (General Evans') has since been returned after General Cooke's brigade was sent to North Carolina in it stead. So it has been represented that the force in your department at the same season last your was much larger than now. This again I find, on reference to the military returns, a misapprehension. At the last of April last year the returns showed the force of the department to be 26,471 and at the close of May reduced to 18,134, which is about the number (including the force in Florida and South Georgia) now left in the department. Altogether, I think you will, on examination and consideration, conclude that, considering the necessities of the service, the Department has not been unmindful of your claims to protection, while it has been obliged to give all practicable succor to a more imminent danger and pressing need in another not less important field of operation.

It would certainly give increased assurance of safety to your cities if all the resident population capable of bearing arms could be organized, mustered, and armed, so that on a sudden emergency they could be readily summoned and thrown behind your entrenchments. Well officered and with tried soldiers interspersed they would be scarcely less effective for defense than regular soldiers. Such organization is being attempted here, and it is hoped it will be adopted in every city in the Confederacy.

In conclusion I may add that I have directed General Whiting to hold whatever force he can possibly spare in such preparation that on the approach of real danger to your city it may be thrown at once to your aid.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, May 14, 1863.

Gov. M. L. BONHAM, Columbia, S. C.:

The exigencies of the service constrain me reluctantly to withdrawn troops from Charleston, despite the telegram from yourself and others of like character both through you and from that city. For the cause of all the Mississippi must be defended. We leave at Charleston and Savannah more than 15,000 effectives. We do not believe the enemy have that number on your coast. I urge, however, the organization and arming, for local defense, of all citizens capable of bearing arms in both cities. That will assure safety if otherwise, as I doubt, endangered.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., May 14, 1863.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER,

Commanding District of Georgia, Savannah:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 13th instant has bene received. The subject-matter had been previously disposed of by telegraph, yet I am instructed to say that the commanding general profoundly regrets that he is unable to ameliorate the condition of affairs which you have presented.

