
[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., May 20, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the chief of artillery to know if there are batteries of field pieces disposable for the positions referred to by General Walker.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTILLERY AND ORDNANCE,Charleston, May 21, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

There are no batteries available for the purposes here within mentioned but those of Captain Gaillard in the First Military District and Captain Schulz in the Second District; neither are there any rifle guns in depot unassigned or provided with ammunition.

The defense of the combahee and Ashepoo is so important that I would suggest the removal of Shulz's battery to Combahee Neck and the transfer of Culpeper's battery to the Second Military District.

As soon as Napoleon guns are procured, of which four will soon be cast at the Charleston Arsenal, I will have the honor earnestly to advocate, for the purpose of meeting the very want of our seaboard in the summer months, referred to by General Walker, the formation of batteries of horse artillery, with four Napoleon guns each and eight horses to the piece, and the Beaufort Artillery would answer admirably for such a purpose in the Third Military District. Such a battery would be far preferable to one of rifle guns for purpose of attack or defense above the mouths of our principal rivers.

A. J. CONGAZLES,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery and Ordnance.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., May 20, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have observed a newspaper reference to important changes on foot in the North in the armament of the monitors, which I apprehend deserve some consideration on our side.

It is said that the Dahlgren 11 and 15 inch guns, with which the attack on Fort Sumter was made, are to be discarded for a new 13-inch piece, adapted to very heavy charges, and which may be effectively used at a much greater distance than in the attack of the 7th of April.

Of course I do not credit the statement that this new ordnance will stand a charge of 75 pounds of powder, but I am prepared to believe that with his vast mechanical resources the enemy can readily make pieces of 11 and 13 inches caliber, rifled and re-enforced as our Brooke guns, with which he can do Fort Sumter vital damage at ranges beyond any effective return on our side as we are now armed. It was indeed my fear previous to the recent attack that his tactics would be to anchor at long range and attempt to batter Fort Sumter with his 8-inch rifle pieces, and I cannot doubt that he will resort to that plan of attack hereafter.

