
In view of this apprehension I must quote the concluding passage of my report of the conflict of the 7th of April:

The best the easiest way to render Fort Sumter impregnable would be to arm, conformable to its original plan, both tiers of casemetes and the barbette with the heaviest guns, rifled or smooth-bore, that can be made.

To the utmost practicable extent I would recommend that as many heavy rifled guns of the Brooke model should be provided as soon as they can be made in Richmond or elsewhere.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, May 21, 1863.

Gov. FRANCIS W. PICKENS,

Edgewood, near Edgefield, S. C.:

DEAR GOVERNOR: Your letter of the 19th instant has been received.* I regret to inform you that your informant is greatly mistaken. He no doubt reports what he believes to be true, but this shows the necessity we are under of always exaggerating our numbers in order that the same reports should reach the enemy. We are as deficient of troops in Florida and Georgia as in South Carolina. Should we be able to keep that fact concealed from the enemy we will have nothing to fear from him, of I believe he is not prepared just now to take offensive against any reasonable force on our-side.

With my kindest regards to Mrs. Pickens, I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

SAVANNAH, GA., May 22, 1863.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER, Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: General J. E. Johnston has just telegraphed for three good light batteries. I have ordered two from Charleston to report to him fort with at Canton, Miss. You will please order one to do likewise from your district.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA.,Charleston, S. C., May 22, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 20th instant, desiring me to report what batteries under my command are not specially and necessarily attached to some command of troops or to some defensive position in the lines. I inclose a memoran-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

