
dum of the light artillery in the district. White's battalion should be on the lines on James Island, but is brought into the city for health, and is subject to direct ordes from the commander of the First Sub-Division of this district. I consider it necessary that it remain so.

The light battery of the First South Carolina Artillery I intend soon to place on Morris Island.

Gaillard's battery and the detachment of Ferguson's are preparing for service in the field. The remainder are at necessary stations.

The locality near Charleston, I beg respectfully to suggest, is unfavorable of parking a large number of batteries, as wherever sufficient space is found the country is unhealthy, and I fear that Summerville is too far for the troops of this class to be transported speedily in case of a sudden attack, which from the paucity of our force may be attempted on the part of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

Memorandum of light batteries in the First Military District.

Captain Waties' battery, Palmetto Battalion Light Artillery, Charleston; gone.

Captain De Pass' battery, Palmetto Battalion Light Artillery, Charleston.

Captain Culpeper's battery, Palmetto Battalion Light Artillery, Charleston; gone.

Captain Kanapaux's battery, Palmetto Battalion Light Artillery, one section Charleston, one section Morris Island.

Preston's light battery at Fort Johnson.

Company A, German Artillery, light battery, McClellanville, D. Werner.

Captain Gaillard's light battery, Mount Pleasant.

One section Ferguson's light battery, Mount Pleasant; gone.

Waccamaw Light Artillery, Captain Ward, Georgetown.

Inglis Light Artillery, Captain Charles, Georgetown.

MORRIS ISLAND, May 23, 1863-10.25 a. m.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet on Folly Island this morning. The 8 and 10 inch guns recently sent over are mounted, one at south end of the island, the other at Battery Wagner, but the 8-inch gun has no elevating screw attached and no ammunition.

R. F. GRAHAM,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 25, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Dept. of S. C., Ga., and Fla., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: According to your desire I desire I hereby submit to you a statement of operations of the electrical department (M. J. Waldron, super-

