
Lieuts. J. W. Lancaster and William Johnson, of Company B, who were in command of the two rifled 24-pounders, did great execution, although not having grape or canister. Lieutenant J. A. Bellinger, of the same company, who commanded the 18-pounders, poured a murderous fire into the approaching line, and in connection with the columbiad did more than anything else for the fortunes of the day. These gallant officer deserve the thanks of the country and I comment them to your notice. Captain G. D. Keitt, nd Lieutenants Humbert, W. S. Barton, T. P. Oliver, and Moseley all acted with great bravery and determination.

I cannot close this report without bringing to further notice Senior First Lieutenant J. B. Humbert, of Company I, who acted with so much gallantry and determination in managing his gun, to which my be mainly attributed the fortunes of the day, not only on account of its caliber and weight of metal but ot inst well-directed fire and to the skill with which it was managed, and also Second Lieuts. T. P. Oliver and J. W. Moseley, of the same company, who rendered valuable assistance to Lieutenant Humbert. First Lieutenant Barton, of the same company, displayed great skill and coolness in the management of the mortar, which had considerable effect upon the enemy. Too much praise cannot be given to these gallant officers and to the detachments under their command.

Captain F. T. Miles, of the Calhoun, Charleston Battalion, who was stationed at my batteries during the previous night and whose command was the first places in position, has my sincere thanks. He and his men fought like heroes and did all that men could do.

Lieutenant Colonel P. C. Gaillard and Major David Ramsay conducted themselves with the utmost coolness and were as gallant as officer could be. They both, as well as their entire command, acted with commendable courage and determination and deserve the thanks of the country.

Lieutenant Colonel P. C. Gaillard and David Ramsay conducted themselves with the utmost coolness and were as gallant as officer could be. They both, as well as their entire command, acted with commendable courage and determination and deserve the thanks of the country.

Lieutenant Colonel A. D. Smith, commanding the Pee Dee Battalion and a most gallant officer, was the first that attracted my attention when the infantry were coming up to the engagement, and to him I am indebted for having relieved my left flank at a very critical time. I noticed that several of his men were shot down before he could get into position, and that, after the enemy had been driven back the first time and while they were on their second charge, Lieutenant-Colonel Smith went out upon the field in front of the battery, gathered up as many of the small-arms of the enemy as he could carry and gave them to his own men, whose guns has refused to fire. I commend him to your favorable notice. His command acted with great courage.

My thanks are also due to Major Hudson, who acted with decided gallantry.

I must also speak in high terms of the actions of Lieutenant J. B. Kitching, of Company H, who was in command of the Reed Battery at Clarke's house, which battery consisted of two smooth-bore 24-pounder guns, and also of my adjutant, Lieutenant E. J. Frederick, who, seeing that the enemy's sharpshooters were concealed on my right flank over the marsh and were picking off my men, proceeded immediately to the above battery, when he and Lieutenant Kitchings soon dislodged them and poured well-directed shots into them as they retreated.

To Captain McCreery, of the Ordnance Department, as well as to Captain Bonneau and Lieutenants Matthews and Hall, of our gunboat, I return my sincere thanks for their valuable services at the columbiad battery.

