
SAVANNAH, GA., May 26, 1863.

Honorable CHARLES J. VILLERE, Mobile, Ala.:

MY DEAR CHARLES: Your favor of the 17th instant came to hand here, where I am on a tour of inspection to pass away the time and get rid for a while of the routine troubles at my headquarters. I amy continue my visit to Florida, is bon Die veut. I am happy to hear of the confidence in me expressed everywhere, but I am always fearful not to justify it, for, besides my limited capacity, there are so many causes of failure in our want of sufficient means, &amp;c., and that cordial support of and good-will toward the commanding officer on the part of the Government. Notwithstanding my additional experience in the command of armies and departments, I feel less confidence in myself now than I did two years ago, for I know that if I succeed I only increase the irritation of certain persons against me, and if I fail, their satisfaction and ire. Without intending to flatter myself, I feel like "Samson short of his locks."

You ask what should be done to end this exhausting war. We must take the offensive, as you suggest, not by abandoning all other points, however, but by a proper selection of the point of attack-the Yankees themselves tell us where. I see by the papers of this morning that Vallandiogham is being sent into Bragg's lines. Hooker is disposed of for the next six months at least. Well, let Lee act on the defensive, and send to Bragg 30,000 men for him to take the offensive with at once; let him (or whoever is put in his place) destroy or capture (as it is done in Europe) Rosecrans' army; then march into Kentucky, raise 30,000 men more there and in Tennessee; then get into Ohio, and call upon the friends of Vallandigham to rise for his defense and support; then call upon Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri to throw off the yoke of the accursed Yankee nation; then upon the whole Northwest to join in the movement, from a confederacy of their own, and join us by a treaty of alliance, defensive and offensive. What would then become of the Northeast? How long would it take us to bring it back to its sense? As I have once written to you, "Battles without diplomacy will never end this war." History is there to support my assertion.

I send you a pamphlet (military) I have just gotten up for my general officers. I telegraphed you about raising a regiment. Do so by all means.

Yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

SAVANNAH, GA., May 26, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, &c., Charleston, S. C.:

DEAR GENERAL: I send you herewith a request of Dr. Palmer, which is approved, to be carried into effect as soon as practicable. The guns in position in the Third Military Distinct, which have been removed in consequence of the sickly season and which I had ordered to Savannah until required again, have not yet been received. The chief of artillery here will have to furnish his detailed receipt for them. If those in the Second Military District are not required in the First they might also be sent here.

See Colonel Gonzales about organizing new light batteries in the department from the surplus artillerists in the now existing companies

