
or in any other way practicable. I think once in Georgia and two in South Carolina could thus be organized. I do not suppose we will ever see here again those we have sent off to Mississippi.

I am informed that the President said not long ago that he intended to organize a new department for me as soon as I could be spared from my present one, to consist of Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana.

"Always a little too late" will be the history of this war.

All quiescent and somnolent here.

Yours, very truly,

G. T. B.

CHARLESON, S. C., May 27, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Total present Gist's, Walker's, and Evans' brigade, as organized when sent from department, above 9,700.

Could not detach, exactly 10,000 without sending a regiment, which would have exceeded number. Since then have sent two best light batteries. Deficiency due to disgraceful straggling; report as many as 500 from one regiment.

General Beauregard at Savannah.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

Charleston, S. C., May 27, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to hand you herewith Major Echols' Captain Howard's, Mr. Cheves', Mr. White's,* and Mr. Matewes' commutations in explanation of the character and condition of the works theine referred to and of the tardiness in their construction complained of by General Ripley in his letter of the 24th instant. From these communication it is manifest that this delay is not chargeable to the engineer department, but is chiefly owing to the want of labor and transportation, which has been and is still a serious drawback to the prosecution of the defensive works not only in this military district but in the whole department. The number of slaves furnished by this State for the defensive works in the First Military District was 400 for March, 350 for April and but 80 for this month, in the face of a requisition for the two former months of 3,000 and for this month of 2,500 hands. The northern communication for the passage of troops from James to Morris Islands by ferries and across the naked marsh has been available for some time, the only interruption being occasioned by the breaking of the ropes by boats. The southern and more direct route is now being constructed and will be probably finished next week. It will lead as direct as the nature of the marsh will admit from James to Morris Island, and when completed will answer the purpose for which it is composed are subject to decay; a portion of these may not last two years. To make a permanent roadway across the marsh would involve an amount of labor not now available and al length of time that might defeat the purpose for which this communication is desired. I am pleased to be informed of General Ripley's intention to increase the ar-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

