
moment of Morris Island with the 30-pounder Parrott gun, as was urged and recommended by Captain Cheves, of the engineer department, to whose application and exertion we are indebted for the transfer of this gun from the Navy Department. It has been before proposed, and I think the proposition a good one, to place long-range guns, if they can be provided, in suitable positions on Morris Island, not only to command the anchorage from the bard to Fort Sumter, but also to command Little Folly Island and the approached from Brig Folly to it. The addition of a 10-inch mortar to the armament of the southern point of Morris Island for the purpose named is desirable. If Captain Cheves can be supplied with the necessary labor, and if the material referred to in his communication be transported to Morris Island, the works on that island, all of which are under hi charge, will, I feel assured, be carried on with his accustomed zeal and good judgement, for which I see no necessity and do not approve. Believing no good can result to the service by meeting the reflections upon the engineer department in General Ripley's communication in the spirit in which they are made, especially in its closing paragraph or postscript, I content myself with the mere statement of facts embraced in my own and the accompanying communication, all of which are respectfully submitted in response to your indorsement on the general's communication, which I return herewith.

I have the honor to be, yours, very respectfully,

D. B. HARRIS,

Major and Chief of Engineers.

[Inclosures.]

CONFEDERATE STATES, ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Charleston, May 26, 1863.

Major D. B. HARRIS, Chief of Engineer Department:

MAJOR: I have the honor to return inclosed the letter of Brigadier-General Ripley, commanding First District, relative to the slow progress of the works on the fort and islands, with the statements of the engineers in charge, which are briefly as follows:

That the works are not progressing as rapidly as we all desire; that labor of the proper kind cannot be secured. When soldiers are employed not a great deal appears to be done; that transportation in some instances has been the cause of delay; that several instances have been reported of the careless injury to works, requiring repairs to be made, by steamboats; that all necessary material has been readily furnished by this department, not only to engineers, but to to the departments. I believe the officers and superintendents have been industrious. Therefore the cause of complaint is not the fault of this department. At battery Bee all that portion of the work in use is complete. The material already thrown up at the Marsh Battery-shells, sand, and mud-will make a good parapet, and only regret that a sufficiency of it cannot be obtained, the under surface being soft mud. Under the direction of General Ripley the laborers (soldiers) could probably be induced to perform more work under the immediate direction of their commissioned officers, as they have not heretofore been put. The transportation would also be at this momentary command an appliances of every department at his control.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. ECHOLS,

Major of Engineers.

