
happen, on account of his too extensive dominions. The blame will be attempted not to be thrown on his shoulders; but should he succeed in defeating Grant they will not be disposed to give him credit for the result. Order a sufficient number of that pamphlet on the Art of War to be sent to each commander of districts for the colonels or acting colonels of regiments in their commands. Should there be enough of these pamphlets, reserving fifty for my use, one might be sent for every field officer of said regiments. It may be of service to some of them if the war should continue long enough.

Yours, very truly.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA.,Charleston, S. C., May 31, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith telegrams and report from Colonel Simonton, commanding first sub-division of this district.

In addition I have the report that the enemy appears to have established three guns in battery on his works to the north of Folly Island. As yet he has not opened fire. From these appearances and the tenacity with which he holds Folly Island I have no doubt that he intends to annoy us more or less, according to his strength.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosures.]
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA.,Charleston, S. C., May 31, 1863-7.10 p. m.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff, &c.:

GENERAL: Since my note of this evening, relative to the enemy's operations, I have received a dispatch from Colonel Rhett, commanding at Fort Sumter, stating that the enemy, from his battery on Folly Island, had just fired three shots at the steamer Hibben, in rear of Morris Island. If this be correct the range must be fully 4 miles, and I doubt not that the fire is exceedingly inaccurate. It however proves the intention to annoy as much as possible, if not to attack.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SECESSIONVILLE, May 31, 1863.

Captain NANCE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have reoccupied my positions as far as Battery Island. The enemy retired before us under cover of guns from gunboats and from battery on Folly Island.

Gunboats have retired to Folly Creek. Four vessels were at Battery Island; one has left.

CHARLES H. SIMONTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

