
State of South Carolina for which estimate of provisions should be made will be 10,000.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLIFTON H. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,McPhersonville, June 1, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward a communication received from the enemy by flag of truce, and would submit to the decision of department headquarters the question whether under present circumstances any communication by flag of truce should be received.

When we wish to communicate we are deprived of the opportunity by the action of the enemy in sending over negroes and their officers or receive us. When they wish to communicate with us they send officers representing white commands in order to secure a hearing.

If this is permitted the advantages of such intercourse will be entirely with the Abolition forces and we will be debarred from them. An opportunity is now presented of bringing the question to an issue and ascertaining definitely the ground they propose to take.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, June 2, 1863-8.30 p. m.

Brigadier General W. S. WALKER, Green Pond, S. C.:

GENERAL: Hagood will confer with you as soon as possible as to ultimate extent he can aid you in emergency. Eight companies of infantry will be sent off to-night to Green Pound, as well as artillery called for. All assistance that can be sent will be. Advise me of your needs and movements.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 2, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: Please instruct the commanding officer of the infantry force to halt it an all other troops sent from yours and the Second Military District at Green Pond, to assume command there if the senior, and to operate according to the state of affairs developed at the time until he can receive orders direct from General Walker.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

