
over the marshes. A little delay is occasioned by that portion of the bridge which passes over the creek. This is now being piled, and will soon be ready. I fear, however, that the bridge will not be any use when it is finished. It is made of slight materials, and owing to the scarcity of nails is fastened with wooden pegs. The span is 20 feet, and the whole thing so weak that two men walking abreast and keeping step caused it to vibrate unpleasantly; twenty men would throw it down. I think the bridge unsafe.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES H. SIMONTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

SECESSIONVILLE, June 6, 1863.

Captain NANCE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

An unusual movement is observed in the fleet off Charleston; nearly all the blockaders are collected in a bunch off Little Folly Inlet. I report it for what it is worth.

CHARLES H. SIMONTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, June 6, 1863.

Captain FRANCIS D. LEE,

Confederate States Engineers:

CAPTAIN: The undersigned, in connection with other merchants in this city, propose the construction of a marine torpedo steamer abroad, and desire your services for carrying the work into effect. Arrangements have been made for placing the necessary funds at your disposal in Europe.

Very respectfully, yours,

JNO. FRASER &amp; CO.

[Indorsement.]

CHARLESTON, June 8, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Would the commanding general be pleased to approve of my detachment for the purpose above named? As time is a matter of vital importance, I would respectfully suggest that all my arrangements should be made to enable me to leave during the present dark nights; otherwise I shall be necessarily detained one month.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANSIC D. LEE,

Captain, Engineers.

N. B.-In the above communication I have omitted to state that the only work directly under my charge at present is the torpedo ram. I have made all necessary arrangements for the completion of this vessel, and would in the event of my going abroad respectfully request that it be placed under the charge of Mr. C. A. Chisolm, who is not only thoroughly informed as to my plans, but is by education and employment admirably adapted to the position.

