
command, in flagrant violation, as I conceive, of every consideration of military courtesy, military etiquette, and military propriety, and in contempt of every principle of common right and common justice.

Although, therefore, I propose a speedy compliance with the order, I hereby formally enter my protest against it, as both unjust and injurious.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TRAPIER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Through Brigadier-General Ripley, commanding First Military District of South Carolina).

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA.,Charleston, June 8, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. The order against which Brigadier-General Trapier protests was reported in my letter of June 4 to department headquarters. General Trapier had an interview with me immediately after it had been sent to him, and without being asked stated that the order was very agreeable, but that he would not have a sufficiency of troops. He was informed of the recommendations made in my letter, and in view of the strong probability of the enemy attempting a raid, such as was lately made at Combahee, on the plantations in the vicinity of Georgetown, as well as to give a proper command to Brigadier-General Trapier, Major Abney's battalion was ordered to proceed thither, being replaced on James Island by three companies of the Twentieth South Carolina Volunteers. The sub-division was also increased to include the parish of Saint James Santee, as the posts in that region are much nearer Georgetown that Charleston. General Trapier was directed to take such measures as would insure the prompt transmission of intelligence to these headquarters in case of any movement of the enemy. It was stated as my intention to send Captain Gaillard's company to the command as soon as ready for service, if not otherwise required. General Trapier requested a few days' delay, which was reluctantly granted, wards, in a conversation with General Trapier, he objected to the order, but seeing no reason for changing or modifying it, recent transfers of troops and the extension of the limits of the fifth sub-division of this district, having made the command nearly as large, if not large, than that which he at present commands, and having knowledge of the locality, country, and its resources, and especially as he had expressed his satisfaction, I told him that it would stand. After four days' delay General Trapier applies for five days' leave of absence, which I have declined to grant, and also forwards the inclosed protest, which under the circumstances I should not forward except accompanied by charges.

In view of General Trapier's rank and position I refer the paper to department headquarters, but with the remark that in my opinion General Trapier would consult the good of the service and his own duties better by obeying his orders, and with the forces which have been given him guarding a locality with which her is or ought to be familiar, rather than caviling and criticizing those orders in language which appears to me to be unmilitary and disrespectful.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

