HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 17, 1863.

The chief of staff will inform Brigadier-General Ripley and Trapier that Special Orders, Numbers 213, paragraph II, headquarters First Military District, is approved, but that I regret it was not delayed until my return from the tour of inspection to Georgia and Florida, when Might have ordered a different arrangement. Meanwhile another officer than Lieutenant-Colonel Yates might have been sent temporarily to Morris Island.

Several expressions in Brigadier-General Trapeir's protest are disapproved by me. They add nothing to its force, are contrary to military usage and discipline, and if admitted could but result in injury to the public service. I feel sure that General Trapier would strongly condemn any similar protest against one of his orders coming from one of his subordinate officers.

Brigadier-General Trapeir's present command, i. e., former Fourth District, increased by the parishes of Saint James and Saint Stephen, will constitute a separate district, to be known as the Fourth District. He will report directly to these headquarters, and he will retain until further orders all the troops at present under his command, to be increased in number as soon as circumstances will permit.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST SUB-DIVISION FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Secessionville, June 8, 1863.

Captain W. F. NANCE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In order to ascertain the movements of the enemy on Long Island in front of Secessionville I detailed Lieutenant Samuel Dibble, Twenty-fifth South Carolina Volunteers, to go over with two men and to scout the island. He went last night, landed, and went over the island. This morning whilst they were waiting on the tide, Lieutenant dibble being at a point whence he was watching the enemy, the two men with him heard the approach of a large party of the enemy and heard them capture Lieutenant Dibble. Immediately afterward a sergeant of the Fifth Connecticut came to them to capture their boat. They at once took him prisoner, and whilst one of them used him as a protection from his party, the other pushed the boat down to the water. They then came off safely with their prisoner. This took place from just before daylight to a little after. It appears that the enemy have a regular picket on Long Island, consisting of some 30 men. They have an excellent point of observation, giving a full view of Secessionville, and out of the range of our guns, being at the same time under the command of their battery and gunboats.

Lieutenant Dibble is an excellent scout, cool, sagacious, and daring. The temporary loss of his services will be very great. I would call the attention of the brigadier-general commanding to the skill and courage exhibited by the two men with him, who in the presence of an overwhelming number captured their prisoner and brought him off safely in their sight.

Their names are Sergt. F. L. McClary and Corpl. R. A. McLeod, both of Twenty-fifth South Carolina Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES H. SIMONTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

