
[Correction.]

HAMBURG, S. C., July 15, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON, Commanding:

GENERAL: In my report to you I only estimated the loss of the enemy to be from 600 to 800; I now find that it is nearer 1,000 to 1,500.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

T. G. LAMAR,

Colonel First Regiment Artillery, S. C. Volunteers.

Numbers 27. Report of Major David Ramsay, First South Carolina (Charleston) Battalion.

SECESSIONVILLE, JAMES ISLAND, S. C.,

June 21, 1862.

COLONEL: I beg leave to forward to you a list of casualties in the Charleston Battalion in the engagement of the 16th instant.*

It is hardly possible to enumerate the individual instances of valor and good conduct. All did their duty, and the list of dead and wounded will testify with what devotion. Out of about 100 men 40, besides of the distinguished conduct and skill of Lieutenant-Colonel Gaillard, in command after you were wounded until the arrival of Lieutenant-Colonel McEnery, and I only mention as peculiarly noticeable Lieutenant Campbell, of Company F, who repulsed personally a storming party, using a handspike until he seized a rifle; also Mr. Josiah Tennent, of the Calhoun Guard, who felled no less than 6 of the enemy. Captain William Ryan's good service at a gun you can appreciate yourself. Lieutenant George Brown and Sergeant Hendricks, of Company F, deserve mention for bringing ammunition through a heavy fire, and most particularly Lieutenant Alexander A. Allemong, of the Irish Volunteers, who passed and repassed a severe fire of musketry and cannot several times with ammunition in his arms. I have mentioned those especially noticeable, but can only repeat that I refrain from enumerating others simply because it would be to furnish a roll of those engaged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID RAMSAY,

Major, Commanding Charleston Battalion.

Colonel T. G. LAMarch

Numbers 28. Report of Colonel S. D. Goodlett, Twenty-second South Carolina Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND REGIMENT S. C. VOLS.,Camp on James Island, S. C., June 18, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the casualties in my command originating from the fight of the 16th instant:

---------------

*Nominal list omitted. Losses embodied in Report Numbers 24, p. 90.

---------------

7 R R-VOL XIV

