
which has been and is a heavy drag, for reasons it is not necessary here to repeat, all other works in and around the harbor have always been ready, notwithstanding the disadvantageous circumstances under which the engineer department labored in advance of the armament designed for them. Witness Battery Bee, Castle Pinckney, Fort Ripley, White Point Battery, Fort Wagner, and last, though not least in point of present prominence, the batteries on the south and of Morris Island.

While I do not claim that the engineer department has made the most judicious and efficient use practicable of its slave labor, or committed no error in the management thereof, I am not willing ot admit that the disinclination of planters to send the negroes to work on the fortifications is ascribable to the cause insinuated. So far as concerns detailed labor from the ranks I amy be permitted to assume, if it has not been properly used, the fault was not with the engineers, whose duty it is to indicate the work to be done, but not to direct or control the soldiers detailed for its execution. This duty properly belongs to their own officers. In reference to the specific statement relative to Colonel Graham's detail I beg leave to refer to Captain Howard's letter Numbers 2.

As the calling of my attention to Colonel Simonton's report on the question of the strength of my attention of the Morris Island Bridge indicates that importance is attached thereto, I have, in reply, to refer you to Captain Howard's report, with Major Echols' indorsement, on the same subject, which, in my opinion, satisfactorily answers the objections urged against that structure by the colonel. I had thought this smarter of the strength of the bridge disposed of in my letter of the 28th ultimo, but as I was mistaken in that opinion, I respectfully submit that, if engineer works are to be thus examined and reported upon, in justice to the engineer department the inspector should be by professional attainments competent to pass judgment upon them. In relation to the matter of transportation I respectfully refer you to Major Echols' communication of this date, from which it will appear that such boats as have been temporarily it by the quartermaster whenever he thought proper to do it.

I should have had no objection, but, on the contrary, would have accepted with pleasure the aid of the general, bestowed in a proper spirit, in the prosecution of the works in his district; but when he takes the responsibility of displacing a valuable engineer and of dispensing with the department, except in the use of its materials and its views, I feel it due to myself, to the department I represent, and to the public service to respectfully request to be informed whether, under the circumstances of which this and previous communications are sufficiently explanatory, such an exercise of authority on the part of General Ripley meets with the approbation of the general commanding.

I beg leave to refer you to my letter of the 28th [27?] ultimo, and its inclosure, in connection with the subject embraced in this and accompanying communications.

I return herewith General Ripley's letter of the 6th instant and Colonel Simonton's report of the 5th instant, and have the honor to be, general yours, very respectfully,

D. B. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Engineer.

