
[Inclosure.]

CONFEDERATE STATES ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Charleston, June 11, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel D. B. HARRIS, Chief of Engineer Department:

COLONEL: In reply to the letter of Brigadier-General Ripley on the causes of slow progress, &amp;c., of the work in this department, I would state that, in company with General Beauregard and Brigadier-General Ripley, on Morris Island, about the 18th March last, General Beauregard directed specific work to be constructed on the lower end of the island, (two 2-gun batteries and one 1-gun battery), which were located by him in general position at intervals. These works were put in charge of Mr. McLean, whose statement as to his absence, inattention, and carelessness is inclosed. The absence of a few days referred to by him was on duty (leaving a competent superintendent in charge), examining the marsh for a site of the battery now constructing in rear of Morris Island. Mr. McLean was taken sick, and was absent a few days, when Mr. Langdon Cheves was put in charge of the works, whose statement accompanies.

The apparent "partial employment" of the troops is from their manner of working by reliefs.

A reply to Colonel Simonton's report on the progress and incapacity of the bridge by Captain Howard, indorsed by me, is also inclosed.

The information given by the quartermaster that this department has had from four to six of the nine or ten boats in the service, I would state that no boat has ever been transferred subject to the orders of this office, to my knowledge, for general transportation, but they have been in the employment of an assistant for a specific purpose for days at a time, as when at work on harbor obstructions or carrying constant supplies of material to Fort Sumter. On application for transportation requiring days or weeks to perform these boats were any day ordered and taken by the quartermaster whenever he saw proper for other duties without reference to this department whatever. No transportation has been furnished the department by the quartermaster for material to Morris Island after repeated requisitions, as will be seen by Mr. Landgon Cheves' letter. I am satisfied that some labor furnished the department was lost, and generally for ant of transportation, which no doubt could not be had; nor do I think that the difficulty in obtaining laborers has arisen from misamagement, as there is every reason to believe that the has been no willful neglect of the georges, but more from a dissatisfaction of their owners and themselves at their being away from home a longer time that was anticipated, and subject to such hardships as necessarily attend soldiers in the service from sickness, &c.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. ECHOLS,

Major and Chief Engineer, South Carolina.

CHARLESON, June 9, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel D. B. HARRIS, Chief Engineer, &c.:

COLONEL: Referring to the communication of Brigadier-General Ripley of June 6, I beg leave respectfully to observe that my first connection with the works at the south point of Morris Island, consequent on the illness of Mr. McLean, previously in charge, occurred a few days previous to the attack upon Fort Sumter.

