
The only order at that time was to prepare chambers for three guns at designated points. The engineer works for these was inconsiderable and caused no delay. The platforms were very defective, and could not be adjusted until a forge had been procured by Major Huger and a blacksmith detailed. After tedious labor had fitted these, sometimes the chassis and sometimes the carriage required alteration or repair, of the difficult and tedious. Orders subsequently given to prepare for another and the another goon (till the whole number amounted to seven) were diligently executed as received, but weaver retarded continually by deficiencies of the sort above-mentioned. Two platforms had to be entirely remodeled (with the sanction of Colonel Harris) before they could be used at all. The proper work of the engineer department was thus continually arrested, while its time, its labor, and its patience were exhausted in imperfectly repairing the deficiencies of another branch of the service. I am justified in asserting broadly that not only did the mounting of no gun at the south point want one day on the proper engineer work, but in no case, except that of the Whitworth, was a single gun mounted without serious delay from deficiencies in platform, chassis, or carriage.

During the greater part of this time I had received no intimation of an intention to fortify this point extensively, nor did the orders from the engineer department indicate that it had been communicated to them. It was understood, as I conceived, that the ammunition for three or four isolated guns could be sufficiently sheltered behind the hills by temporary contrivances. Only as the number increased did the necessity for a magazine become apparent and the construction of one was then ordered.

At the time when General Ripley's ordered superseded the engineer department at the south point the only work not executed (except orders of the day before) was this magazine. its construction had bern delayed by the want of material. I enter minutely into the details of this matter because here a shadow of reproach may rest on the engineer department, and because a misapprehension exists which it is my special duty to correct. If there was a fault committed the only person fairly responsible for it is myself; yet the only person pointedly excepted (in General Ripley's letter of 24th ultimo) from the general reprobation is myself.

Along with the orders for construction I received orders to make immediate requisition for materials. Before I had made my estimates I learned that Mr. O'Donnel, being ordered to put up commissary and other buildings on the island, had a quantity of lumber assigned to him by the quartermaster, which he did not want, which would suit my purpose exactly and which could not be got elsewhere. It was comparatively light stuff, and my mules were utterly broken down by want of forage. I had previous experience that the requisitions of the engineer department for transportation were generally neglected. I had then just finished the work at Cummings Point by using drift logs, disinterring old works, breaking up old flats, &amp;c., and when the work was done not one-third of the lumber required for it had been delivered. At the same time materials for contractors and for General Ripley's orders had been transported promptly. I endeavored to take advantage of this difference. I thought I was consulting the interest of the service in arranging with Mr. O'Donnel to receive from him the lumber for which he would make the requisition. I had his subsequent assurance that all was right; was shown by him of the lumber made from his own inspection, and sleeted what I required. I relied upon this, and for a

