
Embracing documents received too late for insertion in proper sequence.

JUNE 16, 1862.-Engagement at Secessionville, James Island, S. C.*

Report of the Judge-Advocate-General an accompanying documents.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, January 3, 1863.

JUDGE-ADVOCATE-GENERAL:

MY DEAR SIR: The bearer of this+ makes and appeal in behalf of General Benham. I have told him that if you can carefully examine the case, and therefore do advise the restoration of General Benham [six]. I do not order you to do this, but leave it to yourself. I send the papers in my possession.

Yours, very truly,

A. LINCOLN.

JUDGE-ADVOCATE-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 26, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: In compliance with your written direction, under date of 3rd instant, I have carefully examined the case of Major Benham, and have now the honor to submit the following report;

The appointment of Major Benham as brigadier-general of volunteers was, by your order, revoked on the 7th of August last# on the recommendation of Major-General Halleck, of same date, approved by the Secretary of War. While in command at James Island, South Carolina, a short time previously, he had directed an attack on an earthwork near Secessionville, in which his troops had been repulsed with severe loss. In a communication addressed to the Secretary of War by Major-General Hunter on the 27th of June, inclosing letters from Brigadier-Generals Wright and Stevens explanatory of this attack and repulse, is found the following language:

You will see from the letters of Governor Wright and General Stevens that, in a council of war, held on the evening previous to the attack, these officers, together with Colonel Williams, commanding a brigade, remonstrate strongly and emphatically with General Benham, and warned him that he was about to fight a battle violation of orders.

---------------

*See pp. 41-404.

---------------

+Benjamin N. Martin.

#This revocation of General Beham's appointment was canceled February 6, 1863.

