
In obedience to an order from headquarters I detailed 100 picked men, 10 from each company, to go as a fatigue party about 1 a.m . of the 16th instant to Secessionville. I spaced Captain Joshua Jamison in command of the detail, and Lieuts. L. S. Hill, H. H. Sally, and J. B. Cobb were detailed as lieutenants, thus completing a command of one company. This detail arrived at Secessionville in time to meet the first onset of the enemy. Captain Jamison and Lieutenants Hill, Sally, and Cobb acted with great coolness, courage, and determination, and sustained and supported Captain Reed's battery to the last. The ranks of this detail, as will be seen by Exhibit A,* accompanying this report, were decimated. Killed, 10; wounded, 7.

The balance of my command were ordered to support the battery to the right of Secessionville, where a galling fire was opened upon us from the enemy's artillery without damage. We were then ordered to the support of Secessionville and arrived there at the close of the engagement.

I am happy to state that my command throughout acted with coolness and determination, and that too much p[raise cannot be bestowed upon Captain Jamison and the lieutenants and detail before alluded to, for the manner in which they demeaned themselves in the fight.

I would state on e fact before bringing this report to a close, that according to the numbers actively engaged the detail of 100 men made from my command under Captain Jamison suffered more in proportion than any of the forces engaged on our side.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

S. D. GOODLETT,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-second Regiment, South Carolina Vols.

General EVANS, James Island, S. C.

Numbers 29. Report of Colonel Johnson Hagood, First South Carolina Infantry, commanding advanced forces.
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCED FORCES,James Island, S. C., June 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I am required to report the operations of the troops under my command on the 16th instant:

Some days previously I had had the honor to be placed in command of a corps composed of the First and Twenty-fourth South Carolina Volunteers, the Eutaw Battalion, and McEnery's Louisiana Battalion, to which were assigned the duties of the advanced guard. The force at Secessionville, however, continued to keep out in front of that position its own outposts, which were not under my command, and made no direct report to me. This has since been changed.

On the night of the 15th and 16th the troops on outpost duty under my command consisted of seven companies of Stevens' Twenty-fourth South Carolina Regiment, six companies of Hagood's First South Carolina Volunteers, and one company of the Forty-seventh Georgia Volunteers, Colonel Williams, all under the immediate charge of Colonel Stevens. They covered the whole front of our lines from the Secessionville road to Newtown Cut. The picket from Secessionville covered

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

