
our transports may safely enter; after which I would send about one-half this force, with the battery from the light-draught vessels, to be thrown at earliest favorable time into Light-house Inlet, to seize and hold Morris Island for the purpose of breaching Fort Sumter; while at the same time the balance of General Stevens's column should go up the Stono, to be landed on its left bank, at the point previously referred to, where it should be met, as near as it is possible to time it, by General Wright's column with Colonel Williams' headquarters brigade regiments, passing guy the route intended originally for General Stevens, to the east of the Bohicket Creek; and if the naval vessels can aid in the transfer of General Stevens' force for the 6 or 8 miles up the Stono, the proper steamers can be sent back to Edisto for the transfer of General Wright's force to Bohicket Creek, the ordnance for breaching Sumter and for bombarding Charleston, of course, to follow as soon as practicable after our forces shall have possessed themselves of the proper positions at Cumming's Point, on Morris Island, or near Fort Johnson, on James Island, respectively. I find, from later information from Mr. Boutelle, that it is very probable that the troops of General Stevens, last proposed for the Stono, may, perhaps, with more facility go up Folly River and up the large creek to the left, about 5 miles distant from Cole's Island to Legare's place, which may be found most expedient on our arrival there.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Dist., Dept. of the South.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

PRIVATE.] (Received at 1 a. m. JUNE 7, 1862.)

Brigadier-General BENHAM,

Commanding Northern District, Department of the South:

DEAR GENERAL: I understand you wish me to make an armed reconnaissance of the enemy's position, and, if the result be favorable, to follow it up by a dash, in order to seize James Island, below James River, and Newtown Cut. We shall probably be as well able to make it day after to-morrow (daylight) as at any other time.

Should you decide to make it day after to-morrow, it is of the first consequence to make that decision without delay. It will require all day to-morrow to prepare for it. I would suggest that not more than three companies be left at Legareville; that everything else be brought over to-morrow, including the six guns of Hamilton's battery; that arrangements be made with the gunboats to open cross-fires. The system of signals will require careful studying and arrangement.

I desire that the dash, if determined upon, be successful, and therefore I want to see every man* thrown in; but I desire particularly to express my judgment that, in the present position of our troops, twenty-four hours of vigorous work is absolutely essential in the way of preparation.

I expect to have the balloon inflated to-morrow by noon. The operator hopes to get it done by 10 o'clock.

Very truly, yours,

ISAAC I. STEVENS.

---------------

[*NOTE BY GENERAL BENHAM.-One ground of accusation of General Hunter was the number of men taken on the 16th.]

---------------

