
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DIST., DEPT. SOUTH, Numbers 13. Stono River, near Legareville, S. C., June 8, 1862.

* * * * *

VII. The division of General Stevens will be formed near, or in front of, his present encampment at the hour to be designated, and the division of General Wright and brigade of Colonel Williams will, if practicable to transport the infantry there by water, be formed to-day at, or just above, Thomas Grimball's place, on the left bank of the StoNumbers Each regiment to have its spare ammunition (100 rounds) in a wagon by itself; each man to have 2 pounds of cooked meat and a due proportion of hard bread in his haversack, canteen filled, &amp;c., knapsacks to be left in camp, but blankets, or, in preference, oil-cloths, to be taken by the men, with 60 rounds of cartridges, the cannon ammunition to the extent of 200 rounds to be taken with the artillery. The object of his movement is a heavy armed reconnaissance of the lines or works of the enemy believed to extend from "Royals," in James Island Creek, to near Secessionville, on the marshes on our right flank, and for this purpose the division of General Stevens will take the advance, and be the attacking force. The division of General Wright will be the supporting column, kept at a distance, generally, of about one-half mile in rear, and the brigade of Colonel Williams will be immediately in rear of General Wright's command, to act as a reserve for either the main attack toward those lines or to aid the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Armstrong, near Newtown Cut, if that should be necessary.

VIII. The troops are expected to be at the point designated by early in the evening, and to move forward to be at the point designated by early route toward the enemy, by moonlight, the column of General Wright and Colonel Williams starting last from Thomas Grimball's, after the movement of General Stevens shall have been assured, and moving to a position as near the enemy as possible, and with the utmost quiet, without alarming them. The two columns will rest until 3 a. m., when they will move forward rapidly and quietly to the attack.

These orders, though dated on this day, the 8th instant, will not, however, be carried out this night as to the movement in the last paragraph until further and final orders given to Generals Stevens and Wright and Colonel Williams from these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General H. W. Benham:

I. R. SEALY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE.-The Nos. I to VI, inclusive, of the above preparatory order divided the forces into two divisions and one brigade, and it was at once issued to these three commanders, Generals Wright and Stevens and Colonel Williams, so that they might, as early as possible, be familiar with the proposed plan for a night attack, again arranged for on the 10th, and finally ordered for the 16th of June.-[H. W. B.]

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, BURNSIDE EXPEDITION,Newport News, Va., Sunday, July 20, 1862.

To the EDITOR OF THE NEW YORK TIMES:

I desire to correct an error, either of the printer or copyist, in my official report to General Hunter. In the copy as printed in your issue

