
Wright, in which he expressed his doubts about being able to maintain his position, and blamed General Hunter for sending away those three companies of New Hampshire troops with Major Drew. I told him of General Hunter's order, and he said that was all right, and that he and Williams should hold on at all hazards.

The reason for your orders in the attack of the 16th was that the enemy were shelling our camp. I was cognizant of the fact that they threw their shell into the Stono, near General Wright's headquarters, and among his camps, and also among Stevens' troops, and you became convinced that unless they were dislodged they would drive us off the island; and, besides, it was impossible for the gunboats to get up into the creek, so as to protect us on that side, so long as the enemy held that position, and we could not moved down beyond their reach, for want of room to camp above high water.

On the day of the battle we expected Stevens to open at 4 o'clock, but he did not until 5. We heard cheering twice, and thought every-thing was well, when unexpectedly Stevens sent word that his troops could not stand the fire, and that he needed a whole brigade to gain the day. Your ordered Colonel Williams to take two [of his] best regiments and go to the right and report to Stevens,and put himself under his orders. Instead of this, Williams sent his two regiments to the extreme left, where they could not reach the fort and were badly cut up. You afterward sent word to Stevens that he should prepare himself for another assault, and that whenever he thought he could get this men up without being too much exposed, if he would notify you, you would support him with the whole force, except two regiments to guard the extreme left, leaving it to his judgment. There was an interval of half an hour, during which there was ot a shot fired from the fort. About this time the shells from our gunboats coming in among our artillery, you were obliged to retire it to some distance, and as Stevens made no movement, and the enemy had appeared again in the fort and recommenced firing, your ordered the forces to be drawn off, which was done in good order.

Yours, truly,

A. B. ELY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 10.]

PORTSMOUTH, N. H., December 1, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: I appeal to you against an act of great injustice which has been done me, as I cannot doubt, from an entire misapprehension at the War Department, or a misrepresentation of the facts in relation to me there. By a note from Colonel Townsend, assistant adjutant-general, of August 7, 1862, I have been informed that my "appointment" as brigadier-general of volunteers had been revoked. No cause is assigned, and no reason whatever given, for this great wrong to me; nor have I ever been able from that date to the present, with all my efforts, to ascertain directly, or with any certainty, what could be the cause of this harsh and summary action toward me, under that law which, as I understand it, authorizes such action only for a "cause."

As a faithful servant of my country, claiming a most loyal devotion to its service and to my duties, with an unbroken record of high praise from every chief commander I have had for a quarter of a century, up to and including my first two commanding generals in this war, as seen

