HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, December 14, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I beg leave to recommend that the following-named officers, who have commands equal to their brevet rank, be assigned to duty by the President with that rank. This will enable them to have the staff which, by law and regulation, are considered necessary to the performance of the duties which have devolved upon them: Bvt. Major General Nelson A. Miles, commanding First Division, Second Corps; Bvt. Brigadier General George N. Macy, commanding First Brigade, First Division; Bvt. Brigadier General Robert McAllister, commanding First Brigade, Third Division. I beg leave also to recommend that Major and Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel John G. Hazard, First Rhode Island Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, Second Corps, and First Lieutenant and [Bvt.] Captain John W. Roder, Fourth U. S. Artillery, commanding Battery K, be assigned to duty with their brevet ranks.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,

No. 266. December 14, 1864.

The brigadier-general commanding desires to express his gratification at the gallant manner in which the passage of Hatcher's Run was forced, on the 9th instant, in the face of an intrenched enemy and over the obstacles by which he had made is so difficult. To Major George Hogg, Captain George A. Armes, and Lieutenant O. T. Bliss, all of the Second New York Artillery, who crossed at the head of the troops, is credit due for their gallant conduct and example. This affair, with that of October 27, when 100 men of the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Captain J. Z. Brown, assaulted and caption can be carried by resolute and determined soldiers, led by skillful and gallant officers. Captain Brown's gallantry has been recognized by promotion pleasure to recommend for brevets the officers who distinguished themselves at Hatcher's Run.

By order of Brigadier-General Miles:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, December 14, 1864.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the troops of this division are encamped in the woods between the Lewis house and the open field near the Davis house, left of Vaughan road.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brevet Major-General.

