HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 14, 1864.

Major General G. K. WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires that you will furnish him immediately with a brief summary of your recent operations, so that he can answer without further delay a dispatch he yesterday received from the lieutenant-general commanding. The commanding general does not desire any detailed report from you at this moment, but only the information as to the principal incidents of your expedition that will enable him to frame a telegraphic dispatch to General Grant. Major Jay, aide-de-camp, who takes this note to you, has been instructed to await the desired report.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, December 14, 1864-11 a.m.

General S. WILLIAMS:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I established my infantry picket-line from the Weldon railroad, connecting with the Second Corps at Colonel Wyatt's road, east to near Gary's Church and then east to Brown's, on the Lee's Mill road, where I connect with the cavalry. I have 1,500 men on picket; 500 from each division.

Respectfully,G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,

No. 37. December 14, 1864.

The brevet major-general commanding takes pleasure in laying before the command the following extracts from General Orders, No. 65, headquarters Fifth Army Corps:

The command having returned from its late expedition, having successfully accomplished its mission, the destruction of the Weldon railroad as far as Hicksford, making forced marches during six days and nights in the most inclement weather, the major-general commanding considers it his duty to express to his division commanders - Brevet Major-General Gregg, commanding Second Cavalry Division, Brevet Major-Generals Griffin, Ayres, and Crawford, of the Fifth Corps, and Brevet Major-General Mott, commanding Third Division, Second Army Corps - his high appreciation and commendation of their performance of the instructions issued to them by him.

The thanks of the brevet major-general commanding division are due to his brigade commanders, Brevet Brigadier-General Winthrop, Denison, and Gwyn, and the officers and men under them, for the prompt and efficient manner in which all his commands were executed under the many trying circumstances in which they were placed.

By command of Brevet Major-General Ayres:

E. T. YARDLEY,

Brevet Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

