HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, December 14, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: When the Sixth Corps was detached from the Army of the Potomac in July six of its twelve batteries were left behind and are now distributed, three on the line held by the Ninth Corps and three in reserve, the line now held by this corps being occupied by the artillery of the Fifth Corps. The batteries which accompanied the corps were under instructions to be left in Washington, where it is presumed that three of them have already arrived, the remaining two having been, it is unofficially understood, retained in the Valley by General Sheridan. With a view to reorganizing the Artillery Brigade of this corps, I have the honor to suggest that the six batteries now here be returned to it, and that the three, which it was proposed to leave in Washington, be also ordered to join the corps here. The number of guns of the Fifth Corps now on the Sixth Corps line is forty-four, with twelve guns in reserve. The batteries of this corps now here number thirty-four guns (eighteen rifled and sixteen smooth-bore), and the three in Washington, twelve guns (all rifled), making forty-six in all, or two guns more than suffice for arming the line. Should more artillery be deemed necessary I would desire to have the two batteries retained in the Valley of Virginia, if they can be relieved consistently with the public interest by other batteries. These batteries are M, Fifth United States, and the Fifth Maine Battery Volunteers, both six guns smooth-bore.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, December 14, 1864.

Major H. STEVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division, Sixth Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to recommend for brevet the following officers of my old command, the First Brigade, Second Division, Sixth Corps:

Lieutenant Colonel Theo. B. Hamilton, Sixty-second New York Veteran Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet, for gallantry at the Wilderness and Spotsylvania, May 9, 1864, in which battle he was wounded. First Lieutenant and Adjt. William W. Sherman, Sixty-second New York Veteran Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for gallantry at Winchester September 19, 1864, in which battle he was wounded. Captain D. C. Keller, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, to be major by brevet for distinguished services through the campaign. He was wounded at Petersburg June 20, 1864. Colonel John F. Ballier, Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, to be brigadier-general by brevet for distinguished gallantry throughout the campaign. (Has commanded his regiment nearly four years and been wounded three times, the last time at Fort Stevens, very severely.) Captain James Patchell, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallantry at Winchester, September 19, 1864. Captain James D. Duncan, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, to be major by brevet for distinguished gallantry at Winchester

