
September 19, 1864. Captain John G. Parr, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet for meritorious services at Cold Harbor, June 3, 1864, in which battle he was wounded. Major Robert Munroe, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be lieutenant colonel by brevet, for meritorious services at Winchester, September 19, 1864. Captain A. S. Warner, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet, for gallantry in the Wilderness, May 6, 1864, in which battle he was wounded. Captain George Clendenin,jr., assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, to be major by brevet, for gallant conduct in the battle of the Wilderness, Va., May 6, 1864, in which battle he was wounded, but did not leave the field, and to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for distinguished gallantry at the battles of Spotsylvania, Cold Harbor, Petersburg, Winchester, Fisher's and Flint Hills, September 22, 1864, in which battle was again wounded. This officer has been in every battle in which this corps has been engaged since its organization, and in all in which the Army of the Potomac was engaged before the Sixth Corps was organized. Captain John Snodgrass, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be major by brevet, for meritorious in the battles of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, Cold Harbor, Petersburg, and particularly at the battle of the Opequon, near Winchester, Va., on the 19th of September, 1864. Captain Robert W. Lyon, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be major by brevet, for distinguished services in the battle of the Opequon, near Winchester, Va., in which battle he was very severely wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. WHEATON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH ARMY CORPS, December 14, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that Bvt. Brigadier General J. Warren Keifer, U. S. Volunteers, be assigned to duty according to his brevet rank, in order that he may obtain a command, for which he is eminently fitted, and that he has long exercised.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, December 14, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet along our lines. There were some movements in the enemy's line during the night indicating a change of troops, probably a

re-occupation of their old position.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

