
would then been successful. Have you heard from Palmer? The Richmond papers give no account of any Federals on the Roanoke or Weldon road south of Weldon.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

ON BOARD BEN DE FORD, Fort Monroe, December 14, 1864-10.35 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel GRANT:

Admiral Porter started yesterday. Transport fleet are at Cape Henry. I am just starting. The weather for the last six days has been such that it would be useless to be on the coat. Expedition left Plymouth Wednesday last. You will remember that you have cut communication between Weldon and Petersburg. Everything is off in the best time possible.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, December 14, 1864.

(Received 7.55 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I learned to-day from prisoners in yesterday morning that Kershaw's troops are still in my front.

E. O. C. ORD,Major-General.

HEADQUARTER ARMY OF THE JAMES, December 14, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The signal officer on Crow's Nest tower reports:

The enemy are building a new battery between the second and third to their left of Cox's Ferry. They have mounted another 7-inch gun on the south side of river, to their left of the one they signaled about on the night of the 7th, midway between Howlett's house and Fort Darling.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTON,

Captain and Chief of Signal Officer, Department of Va. and N. C.

FORT BRADY, VA., December 14, 1864.

Bvt. Brigadier General H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the enemy opened on this work at about 4 p.m. this day. Had the detachments at their pieces and gave them a broadside in return for their first shot. Feared that it might injure the parapet. Examined closely and found no damage done. Waited a short time, when they sent three of four shots in succession. Gave them a second broadside. They didn't fire again, but we gave them a closing volley. Most of our shots struck well, and am

