
Warren, dated October 23, and forwarded from these headquarters October 25, 1864. The first I transmitted to you was dated September 19. General Bartlett's name was not placed on that list by General Warren, as the latter owns through inadvertence, but as General Bartlett did not at that time have the command of a division, I should not have included his name, had General Warren presented it, on the ground that of confining my recommendation of general officers to those actually holding the commands to which they were to be promoted. When General Warren corrected his error, which he did on October 23, I forwarded his letter, with my approval, as I had notified you in my letter of September 19 that it was intention to present additional names to the list then forwarded. Subsequently, on November 24, I forwarded a long list from each of the corps commanders. General Bartlett's name having been previously transmitted, was not included in this last list, and from this cause from this cause I presume has escaped your notice when making out the appointments, as I cannot otherwise account for his being omitted. In this view of the case and believing, through an accident, which was designed to do justice to General Bartlett, he has suffered the reverse, I beg leave to call his case to your attention, and to ask, if it be practicable, his letter of appointment may be sent to him and his name transmitted to the Sepate, together with those already appointed. I have special reasons for asking this may be done, not only to correct what seems to be an accidental omission, but because General Bartlett, through the action of the Senate, has lost a great deal of rank as brigadier-general, but particularly because I desire to assign him to the command of a division, and wish him to have the necessary rank.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 15, 1864.

(Received 3.15 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Lieutenant-General Grant left last evening for Washington and will probably reach three this afternoon.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., December 15, 1864-4.20 p.m.

(Received 7 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The Richmond papers contain the following dispatch:

DECEMBER 13, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON:

While General Warren was before Belfield the enemy moved up the Roanoke against Fort Branch and from New Berne against Kinston. Both parties retired before the forces sent against them. All is quiet in that district.

R. E. LEE.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

