
but so did every officer in the column, and so did every regiment concerned (the First and Thirty-seventh were not engaged September 29, being second line). If the list of officers killed, wounded, or safe of Second Cavalry (except Captain Perrin), of Fourth, Sixth, Twenty-second, Fifth, Thirty-sixth, and Thirty-eighth U. S. Colored Troops. During the assault four companies of Thirty-sixth fell, by the casualties among the officers, into the command of sergeants, but Lieutenant-Colonel Pratt, commanding regiment, unfortunately did not particularly notice their conduct and management of their companies. Their names are: First Sergt. Jeremiah Gray, Company C; First Sergt. William Davis, Company E; First Sergt. Miles Sheppard, Company I; First Sergt. Samuel Gilchrist, Company K.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. J. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES BERMUDA HUNDRED,October 6, 1864 - 4 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel KENSEL,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

COLONEL: Captain Riggs, Company H, Third New York, six light 12-pounders, Captain Lee, Sixteenth New York, four 3-inch rifles, are in reserve at this end of pontoon bridge. One section of Lee's battery is at Dutch Gap.

J. H. POTTER,

Colonel Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers, Commanding Defenses.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,October 6. 1864 - 10.15 a. m.

Brigadier-General GRAHAM,

Commanding Army Gun-boats, Point of Rocks:

Major-General Birney has applied for you to take charge of one of his divisions. I should be glad to consent did I know how to spare you from charge of the army gun-boats. If you would be willing to keep a general oversight of them in connection with your command I should be happy to make the assignment, as you know that I have no one in whom I have more confidence either on land or afloat. Please answer by telegraph.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., October 6. 1864.

(Received 8.30 p. m.)

Colonel HENRY L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Train:

General Hunt directs me to telegraph you for two 8-inch siege mortars and ammunition. He wishes to have them put into position at Battery Numbers 20 to-night. New mortar batteries of the enemy have been dis-

