SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,No. 307. December 15, 1864.

I. The batteries of the Artillery Brigade not in the forts will be moved to the new camp of the corps as fast as they can be made comfortable in the new position. The headquarters of the brigade will be removed to the vicinity of these headquarters.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, December 15, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Nothing new along our lines. The cannonading yesterday evening was confined to the right of our line. Commenced by our people opening upon a working party of the enemy. No casualties or definite results.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, December 15, 1864.

The order directing the movement of the division to a new position east of that now occupied having been suspended, the picket-line will be re-established in the order in which the brigades are camped. The Third Brigade will picket from the left of the infantry picket-line across by Davenport Church to the point where the Lee's Mill and Prince George Court-House road crosses Second Swamp, establishing strong reserves on the road from McCann's to Lee's Mill on the Norfolk railroad, or in that vicinity, and in rear of Davenport Church.

The Second Brigade will picket from the left of the line of the Third Brigade on the road leading north from Sinai Church to a point about midway to the stage road, with strong reserves on the Quaker road near and in rear of Sinai Church.

The First Brigade will connect with the Second, and picket to the James, with strong reserves at Prince George Court-House and on the stage and telegraph roads.

The instructions heretofore given concerning the measures to be taken to secure the reserves against surprises, by posting sentinels during the day and night to the rear as well as in front on the flanks, as also by constructing barriers to obstruct the approach of the enemy, will be strictly carried out. Pickets will be posted so that each will have in view those immediately upon his right and left, and adjacent pickets will be posted within easy communicating distance. Brigade commanders will send out frequent scouting parties in front of their lines, and the commander of the Third Brigade will send scouting parties down the plank road and toward Reams' Station, so that any movement of the enemy may be at once discovered. Upon the establishment of the line as directed, brigade commanders will forward a report

