
the New Market road a large portion of the line picketed runs through a dense undergrowth. The vedettes or line of sentinels are thrown out on a part perpendicular to the line of pickets or second line, and have no connection by a line parallel to that of the pickets. The vedettes are sentinels to watch the enemy and to prevent any persons from going out or coming in without being observed. They should, through the woods, constantly patrol their beats on clear and unobstructed paths connecting with the sentinels right and left. As the picket duty is now performed, there is no trouble for either an enemy to come in or a deserter to go out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEODORE READ,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS.3rd Brigadier,1ST DIV., 24TH A. C.,

No. 45. Before Richmond, Va., December 15, 1864.

The parapet of the works in front of the brigade is assigned as follows: From the sally-port No. 1 to the left of the First Brigade, sally-port included, to the One hundredth New York Volunteers; from the sally-port to the redan, to the Tenth Connecticut Volunteers; from the redan to the angle of the works, the redan included, to the Two hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers; from said angle to the right of the Second Brigade, to the Eleventh Maine Volunteers. The One hundredth New York will furnish three sentinels, Tenth Connecticut two, Two hundred and Sixth Pennsylvania four (one to be posted in the redan), and the Eleventh Maine two, for their respective fronts. A sentry will be posted at the sally-port, no one to pass through unless on duty connected with the outposts or for the purposes of drill. No one will be allowed to pass the parapet. Commanding officers of each regiment will see that the portion of the parapet assigned to him is put in good condition and kept so. Where it is needed a banquette of logs or earth will be constructed without delay.

By order of Colonel H. M. Plaisted, commanding brigade:

GEO. H. STOWITS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEFENSES OF BERMUDA HUNDRED, VA., ARMY OF THE JAMES, December 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General TURNER,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet on this front. Four deserters came in from the enemy last night. The noise in the enemy's camps night before last was caused by the return of troops who had been taken from the line for duty opposite Dutch Gap.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. FERRERO,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

