
CITY POINT, VA., December 16, 1864-1.30 p.m.

(Received 2.15 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Captain Babcock, of the secret service, sends the following information:

We have positive information of the return of all of A. P. Hill's corps, and, as far as heard from, all of his brigades have returned to their former position, and the two divisions from the Valley, Pegram's and Gordon's, have moved to the enemy's extreme right, and are probably in reserve. We have but very few deserters lately, chiefly conscripts, that can tell us nothing. Hill's corps suffered severely on late march; many of his men were barefooted.

JNO. A. RAWLINS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 16, 1864-10 a.m.

(Sent 10.15 a.m.)

Brigadier-General RAWLINS:

Your dispatch announcing General Thomas' success has been received with great satisfaction, as the situation of affairs at Nashville was such as to afford cause of anxiety. I had every confidence in the judgment and high soldierly qualities of General Thomas, and am truly rejoiced to hear of his brilliant success.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 16, 1864-4.20 p.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

In the heavy firing this afternoon is there anything indicate of any movement on the part of the enemy? If so, please communicate it to these headquarters, or to General Ord, for his information. In a dispatch from General Ord last night, and in a communication

to-day, he fears for his Bermuda front, and asks that the Twenty-eighth U. S. Colored Troops, on fatigue duty here, or some other regiment, be sent to report to General Ferrero, at Bermuda; that the withdrawal of troops for General Weitzel's expedition has left him so weak on the north side of the river that he cannot detach from there without great danger. In case of an attack it was General Grant's desire that you assume command of all the forces, and if it becomes necessary to do so the order will be made here.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 16, 1864-4.30 p.m.

(Sent 5 p.m.)

Brigadier-General RAWLINS:

If there is any cause for concern for Bermuda Hundred, Brigadier-General Benham's command might be sent there from the lines in front of City Point. He ought to be able to take over some 2,000 men.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

