
covered, exceedingly annoying the batteries and garrison at Fort Sedgwick. If they will report to me I will put them in position. Please inform me from what company the detachment will be sent to work them.

A. F. BROOKER,

Major, &amp; c.

WASHINGTON, October 7, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Make such demonstrations on your left in the morning as to detain the enemy's forces there and prevent any concentration north of the James River.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 7, 1864 - 10.30 a. m. (Sent 10.40 a. m.)

Brigadier-General RAWLINS:

I have nothing of importance to communicate to the lieutenant-general commanding. Deserters and refugees in this morning, together with reports of signal officers, would indicate no change in the enemy's position in my front and no movement on their part up to 8 p. m. last evening. One deserter from Scales' brigade, Wilcox's division, stated his brigade had returned day before yesterday from Chaffin's farm. I do not see where Lee can get re-enforcements to attack General Butler.

GEO . G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 7, 1864 - 10.30 a. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

Your dispatch* of 9 a. m. received. I don't know where Lee gets the forces to attack you. Deserters in this morning report non change of enemy in my front. One from Scales' brigade, Wilcox's division, says Scales returned from Chaffin's farm day before yesterday. Have you any knowledge of any re-enforcements to Lee?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

October 7, 1864 - 11.05 a. m. (Received 12.05 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

I have made out this attacking column to be Benning's, Law's, and Gregg's brigades of infantry, a battalion of artillery, and Lomax's cavalry. I hear of no re-enforcements to General Lee, nor have I heard of any other troops moved across the river. I am inclined to believe that there can hardly be a real attack so far as my information goes.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

---------------

* See Butler to Grant, p. 107.

---------------

