HEADQUARTERS, December 16, 1864.

(Received 7.35 p.m.)

Major-General TERRY:

Major-General Ord directs me to say he expects that the order for the occupation of the valley redoubt and the breast-works to the left of Camp Holly redoubt and the movement of the regiment to that point to be executed without delay.

JNO. W. TURNER,Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, December 16, 1864.

(Received 9.10 p.m.)

General TURNER:

I hardly understand your last telegraphic dispatch. You say General Ord expects the regiment to move at once, but all the changes of troops on the right which he directed have been made, except that the camp of the troops which are to hold the redoubt on the flat has not yet been moved and the guns have not yet been put into it, because those expected to complete the batteries have not arrived. There is, however, at the low redoubt a force sufficient to hold it until other troops can get there. The Eighty-ninth New York, the other regiment which was to be moved, had already taken up its new position this afternoon, when I met General Ord, and I so reported to him. The order for the rifle-pits was given to General Jourdan by Major Michie. I had no instructions about it until this morning. When I got your telegraph to hurry up Jourdan, I did so.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, December 16, 1864-9.15 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel SMITH:

I directed Foster to send over men to relieve that portion of the Two hundred and sixth Pennsylvania which is at Bermuda, but this afternoon I found that he had directed Plaisted to send the men, and Plaisted had selected another part of the same regiment. Therefore I have delayed the movement. You suggested sending men whose time is out, but I have only about fifty of such. Plaisted tells me that the portion of the Two hundred and sixth here is well drilled and instructed, and has experienced officers, and he is anxious to send a detail from it. If that will not do I shall have to send the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts. Please answer.

ALF. H. TERRY,Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, December 16, 1864.

(Received 9.30 p.m.)

Brevet Major-General TERRY, Commanding Twenty-fourth Army Corps:

It is left to your discretion to send such troops as you think best to relieve the detachment at Bermuda. It must be borne in mind that the officer sent in command will have charge of the distribution of recruits for this army, and should be a particularly reliable man.

By order of Major-General Ord:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

