
2,000 men in the lines in front of City Point, who could be sent to your support in case of emergency. They are the nearest of my command to you, being only about a mile from the Broadway bridge. General Benham will be instructed to answer your call.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, December 17, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Deserter from Jeff. Davis (cavalry) Legion, Young's brigade, Butler's division, reports that he left vedette post near the Cummings house on the Vaughan road about 10 o'clock this a.m.; left his brigade yesterday morning two miles from Stoney Creek; that his brigade and all the cavalry except Chambliss' brigade had orders to move camp this a.m. to near Belfield in order to be near a depot for forage; cannot say that the cavalry moved this a.m., but is positive if had orders; that Pegram's and Gordon's divisions are erecting winter quarters one mile southwest of Burgess' Mill, west of Boydton plank road; that all of A. P. Hill's corps returned to its former position. Deserters from Heth's division, MacRae's brigade, report on changes on his line. Deserters from Scales' brigade, Wilcox's division, report no changes on Wilcox's front. Deserters from Wallace's brigade, Johnson's division, report on changes on Johnson's front. Five deserters received to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. BABCOCK.

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, December 17, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Captain JOHN McENTEE,

City Point:

Deserters report Pegram's and Gordon's divisions building winter quarters one mile southwest of Burgess' Mill, near Hatcher's Run and west of the Boydton plank road. All three division of A. P. Hill in same position as prior to the late move to Belfield. Johnson's division in its old position on left, extending to the Appomattox. All the cavalry except Chambliss' brigade went to Belfield this a.m., where they are going into winter quarters, the destruction of the railroad preventing the transportation of forage to their present camps.

JNO. C. BABCOCK.

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, December 17, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: At 9.10 a.m. about 300 infantry, preceded by ten or twelve wagons, moved into Petersburg from the direction of Richmond. The enemy uses the Richmond railroad to carry into Petersburg. A

65 R R-VOL XLII, PT III

