
for brevet promotions in their respective commands, I have the honor to call the attention of the major-general commanding to the distinguished services of the brigade commanders, and to recommend the following promotions by brevet:

Colonel William H. Penrose, Fifteenth New York Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, to be brigadier-general of U. S. Volunteers by brevet for gallantry in battle of Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864, in which battle he was severely wounded. Colonel Oliver Edwards, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, to be brigadier-general U. S. Volunteers by brevet for gallantry and distinguished service in the battle of Spotsylvania Court-House, Va., May 12, 1864, and for meritorious conduct in the battle of Winchester, Va., September 19, 1864. Colonel Joseph E. Hamblin, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, to be brigadier-general U. S. Volunteers by brevet distinguished gallantry in the battle of Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864, in which battle he was twice wounded, but declined leaving the field until he was ordered to the rear. Colonel Ronald S. Mackenzie, Second Connecticut Artillery, commanding Second Brigade, to be brigadier-general U. S. Volunteers by brevet for distinguished gallantry in the battles of Winchester, September 19, 1864; Fisher's Hill, September 22, 1864, and Cedar Creek, October 19, 1864, in which battle he was twice wounded, but declined leaving the field until he was ordered to the rear. Colonel Isaac C. Bassett Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, now commanding Third Brigade, to be brigadier-general U. S. Volunteers by brevet for gallantry and meritorious service in the battle of Cold Harbor, Va., June 3, 1864, in which battle he was severely wounded. This officer led the assault at Fredericksburg Heights, May 3, 1864, and was wounded in that battle. Lieutenant Colonel Egbert Olcott, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade at the battle of Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864, to be colonel by brevet for distinguished gallantry in that battle. This officer has been twice wounded. Lieutenant Colonel Edward L. Campbell, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, commanding First Brigade at battle of Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864, to be colonel by brevet for distinguished gallantry in that battle, in which he was severely wounded. This officer also gallantry commanded the same brigade at the battle of Fisher's Hill, Va., September 22, 1864. Captain Baldwin Hufty, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, commanding First Brigade at the battle of Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864, to be major by brevet for meritorious conduct in that battle. One regiment of this division is now on detached service at Winchester, Va., meant of this division is now on detached service at Winchester, Va., and no recommendations for that regiment have been forwarded by the commander of the brigade to which it belongs, the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, and I have the honor to make the following recommendations, as the facts referred to are personally known to me: Lieutenant Colonel George L. Montague, commanding Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for distinguished gallantry in the battle of Spotsylvania Court-House, Va., May 12, 1864, in which battle he was severely wounded. Captain Mason W. Tyler, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, to be major by brevet for distinguished gallantry in the battle of Winchester, Va., September 19, 1864, in which battle he was wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK WHEATON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

