HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, December 17, 1864.

[Major C. A. WHITTIER,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Corps:]

I have the honor to recommend for promotion by brevet, for distinguished gallantry during the battles of the campaign of 1864, the following-named officers of the division staff. With two exceptions they have all been wounded in action during the past campaign:

Major Rufus P. Lincoln, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, acting inspector-general, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for meritorious services in the battle of Cedar Creek, October 19, 1864. This officer was wounded in the battle of the Wilderness, Va., May 6, 1864, and again severely wounded at the battle of Spotsylvania Court-House, Va., May 12, 1864. Captain Albert M. Tyler, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, to be major by brevet for meritorious services at the battles of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, Cold Harbor, Petersburg, Winchester, September 19, 1864, in which battle he was severely wounded, to date from May 6, 1864. Captain Solomon W. Russell, jr., Forty-ninth New York Volunteers, to be major by brevet for meritorious services at the battles of Spotsylvania Court-House, Cold Harbor, before Petersburg, Va., Winchester, Va., and at the battle of Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864, when acting assistant adjutant-general of the division (this officer has been very severely wounded in battle), to date from May 12, 1864. Captain John Snodgrass, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be major by brevet for distinguished gallantry in the battle of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, Cold Harbor, before Petersburg, Winchester, Fisher's Hill, and Cedar Creek, Va., to date from May 6, 1864. Captain James W. Cronkite, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, to be major by brevet for meritorious services in the battles of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, Cold Harbor, before Petersburg, Winchester, Va., Fisher's Hill, and at the battle of Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864 (this officer was twice wounded at the battle of Spotsylvania Court-House, May 10, 1864). Captain George A. Bernard, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be major by brevet for distinguished gallantry in the battles of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, Cold Harbor, June 1, 1864. Lieutenant Henry E. Hindmarsh, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, judge-advocate, to be captain by brevet for meritorious services in the battles of the Wilderness and at Spotsylvania Court-House, Va., May 12, 1864, where he was severely wounded, and for gallantry at the battles of Winchester, Fisher's Hill, and Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864, to date from May 12, when he was wounded.

FRANK WHEATON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, December 17, 1864.

(Received 11.20 a.m.)

General WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Nothing unusual transpired along our line during the past twenty-four hours. Heavy cannonading last evening was caused by the enemy opening upon some of our people drilling on the plain near the Avery house.

JNO. G. PARKE,Major-General.

