HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, December 18, 1864.

Captain A. H. BIBBER,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to instructions received last evening. I have the honor to forward the following report:

I have to-day sent out scouting parties in the rear and on the flanks of my pickets and reserves, and have found no enemy and no trace of the existence of any within my lines. A force of the Tenth New York Cavalry also patrolled by the stage road to Sycamore Church, returning by the telegraph road, and found nothing. The country within my lines I consider perfectly safe and free from the presence of guerrillas. No better proof of this can be had than that I communicate by a single orderly at all hours of the day and night with my main reserve at Prince George Court-House, and that from there to all points of the picket-line communication is free and uninterrupted. Until within a few days past there have been no cavalry pickets out, which would no doubt encourage guerrillas to approach our lines. Since the regular line was re-established I have heard of none of the enemy being within my lines, with the exception of two, the most daring and enterprising of the enemy's scouts in this part of the country. These men, a month ago, after some trouble, were captured by some of my scouting parties, and after being turned over to the provost-marshal's department succeeded in lately effecting their escape from City Point, and I fear will give much trouble, as they have been all through our lines, and must be now well informed of our position. I would add, in closing this, avenues of approach only," I had not considered I should be held responsible for the presence of one or two straggling bushwhackers within the lines. I have and do picket in such a manner as to avoid this, however, and I ride anywhere throughout my lines with a single orderly, feeling myself perfectly secure.

Respectfully,

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, December 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,Chief of Staff:

Corps, division, and brigade commanders are complaining bitterly that they can't get shoes or clothing for their men, though repeatedly applied for at City Point. I have several hundred men barefoot or supplied by sutlers. Is there no immediate remedy?

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,

No. 170. In the Field, Va., December 18, 1864.

A great victory has been gained. The enemy in front of Nashville were attacked in their entrenchments, and, by the blessing of God and

