
the ardor of our troops, driven at all points. On several portions of their line all their men and all their guns were captured. Three cheers for General Thomas' army!

By command of Major-General Ord:

ED. E. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, December 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General TURNER,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Private Hiram P. Flagler, First New York Mounted Rifles, captured on the Darbytown road on the 13th of October, made his escape about two weeks ago from Libby Prison and made his way down to Williamsburg. He reports that he met on his way thirteen bounty-jumpers, who were making their way by the White House toward the Potomac. They confessed to him that they were bounty-jumpers, and that it was a regular business with them. Some said they had jumped five or six times, and intended to keep it up. They knew the country and the inhabitants, and rebel authorities recognize it, and direct every facility to be shown them to make their way through. I communicate this for the general's information.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General and Brevet Major-General.

NEW BERNE, December 18, 1864.

Captain A. ALFITCH,

Thirteenth New York Artillery, Morehead City:

Captain Macomb, senior naval officer up the Roanoke, reports that he is clearing out the torpedoes from the river as fast as possible, and that he is lowly moving up toward Rainbow Bluff. More troops have been sent up, and as soon as the naval and military force an co-operate they will take a fresh start. Colonel Hinton and some forty other prisoners were captured a few days since by Colonel Frankle. General Wild left here on the 16th, expecting to see General Butler very soon to explain matters to him. I shall keep the telegraph operator at Morehead advised of all late and important news, and he will probably find a way of sending to you. Savannah is supposed to be in possession of Sherman, but dates of the 15th are not positive about it.

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 19, 1864-11.25 a.m.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS:

Major-General Humphreys reports the enemy made a slight demonstration on his picket-line at 2.30 a.m. this day, resulting in the loss of one killed; one wounded, and three missing. The line was immediately re-established and quiet soon restored. Nothing else has occurred along the lines. Have you any idea about what time the lieutenant-general may be expected to arrive to-day?

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

