
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

No. 301. Washington, December 19, 1864.

Every officer and soldier capable of duty is wanted in the field; and if not on duty, they are ordered to their respective organizations. All provost-marshals and boards of enrollment are instructed to employ the most diligent exertions in forwarding soldiers to the front, and arresting deserters, shirkers, and all fit for duty who are absent without proper authority. Surgeons in charge of hospitals are directed to send toward all who are fit for service, taking care, however, not to expose any who are unfit. Recruiting officers are enjoined to diligence, and those who are found guilty of neglect or useless the Adjutant-General is directed to recall immediately and send to their commands. Every effort must be put forth to fill up the ranks, strengthen the armies, and aid the patriotic and gallant troops now smiting the reeling enemy with victorious blows.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 343. December 19, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

8. Corps and other independent commanders will cause the roads leading to their camps from the principal depots along the railroad to be put in good order with as little delay as practicable and kept in repair.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, December 19, 1864.

(Received 10 a.m.)

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

No change in the disposition of this command since last report. Enemy made slight demonstration on the right of First Division picket-line at 2.30 this morning, resulting in one man killed, one wounded, and three of four missing. The line was re-established at once. One man of the First Division deserted to the enemy last evening.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,No. 323. In Camp before Petersburg, Va., December 19, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

3. The commanding officer Second Division will, without delay, take measures to put the Vaughan road in good order from the Church road to and including the crossing of the small stream in front of his troops near the J. Davis house.

