
one man being killed, one wounded, and three or four missing; the exact number is not known, as some are known to have gone to the rear. The line was re-established at once. All quiet during the remainder of the night.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,

No. 94. December 19, 1864.

The following-named regiments having each been reported as in the best order in their respective brigades, will be excused from all picket, fatigue, and other outside details for one week from this date: Twentieth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, First Brigade; Sixty-ninth Regiment New York National Guard, Second Brigade; One hundred and eighth Regiment New York Volunteers, Third Brigade.

In place of having company inspection as usual on Wednesday next, these regiments will parade at 11 a.m. on that day in front of Fort Clarke for inspection by the major-general commanding division, who will determine which of these three regiments is in the best order. The following-named regiments have been reported as in worst order in their respective brigades: One hundred and eighty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, First Brigade; Eighth Regiment New York Heavy Artillery, Second Brigade; Seventh Regiment West Virginia Volunteers, Third Brigade.

No leave of absence or furloughs from these regiments will be favorably considered at these headquarters for the present. At every inspection hereafter each company commander will select the cleanest man, non-commissioned officer or private, in his company. From these will be selected, by the regimental commander, the one best in order, who will be sent to brigade headquarters. Each brigade commander will select from the men to him the neatest and most soldierly one, who will be sent, under charge of his company commander, to these headquarters at 5 p.m. on the day of inspection. The three men thus sent will be fully armed and equipped for service.

By order of Major-General Gibbon:

JNO. M. NORVELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, December 19, 1864.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have to-day moved my headquarters to a position in front of Fort Clarke.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brevet Major-General.

