
the left near Second Swamp and passed along two miles in front of our line to the Loyd road. The officer in command of the squadron reports a brigade half a mile below the Two Bridges on Blackwater Swamp, which, I have ordered to be destroyed. He also reports no enemy in our front, and could gain no information that there had been lately. No safeguards were found where the people had not taken the oath of allegiance. The citizens report that General Hampton has withdrawn all his scouts from this vicinity.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. MAYS,

Major,commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., December 20, 1864-12.30 p.m.

(Received 2.30 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I wish you would order one of the inspector-general to report to me for special duty. I want to get in an official form some facts that I have learned in regard to arbitrary arrests and punishment by the commanders of the Department of North Carolina and Virginia.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 20, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

I think Colonel Schriver, now with General Meade, the very best man in the army for the purpose indicated. He is polite,and at the same time thorough. If he will not answer I would suggest acting inspector-general, General Ketchum, if the Secretary of War can spare him. I will await your answer.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, December 20, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Eighteen deserters from the enemy have been received

to-day from the following commands: Two from Holcombe Legion, Wallace's brigade, Johnson's division; one from Twenty-second Ninth Carolina, Wallace's brigade, Johnson's division; four from Thirty-fourth Virginia, Wise's brigade, Johnson's division; three from Thirty-fifth North Carolina, Ransom's brigade, Johnson's division; one from Fifty-sixth North Carolina, Ransom's brigade, Johnson's division; two from Martin's battery, Johnson's division; three from First Tennessee, Archer's brigade, Heth's division; one from Fourteenth Tennessee, Archer's brigade, Heth's division; one from Tenth Florida, Finegan's brigade, Mahone's division. No change reported on the enemy's line.

