
Early's two division (Gordon's and Pegram's) passed south on the Boydton plank road directly after the return of Hill's corps, but none of informants can locate them. No intelligence whatever from Rodes' division, lately reported to have arrived from the Valley. the rumored death of Jeff. Davis was contradicted by yesterday's Richmond papers. He was reported to be very low, though hopes were entertained of his recovery. No official news from Savannah; report in camp it had been taken.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. BABCOCK.

WALTHALL SIGNAL STATION, December 20, 1864-9 a.m.

Lieutenant DILLINGHAM:

All quiet this a.m. No change observed. The following were intercepted yesterday evening:

4.30 P. M.

Major P.:

Report there have passed in rear of Battery 5, going toward enemy's left, three trains, one of fifteen box-cars, one of twelve box-cars and three flats, and one of seven box-cars and five flats; three of the box-cars crowded with troops on top, and the remainder a few troops on top, and twenty-three wagons; rear of same battery, going toward City Point, two trains, one of five box and one of four

box-cars and twenty-five wagons.

B. C.,

At D.

4.45.

Major P.:

One train of four coaches and ten flats, crowded with troops, just passed rear of Battery 5, going toward enemy's left.

B. C.,

At D.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, December 20, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the following message from the signal station near the Friend house;

A train of cars ran into Petersburg last evening leaded with wood. Two hundred infantry moved into Petersburg on Richmond pike this a.m.

The Avery house station reports at 9.30 a.m.:

A train of twenty-four box-cars passed to the left over the South Side Railroad at 7.30 a.m. No change in enemy's this a.m.

The station at the Walthall house reports all quiet this a.m.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. STRYKER,

Acting Chief Signal Officer.

