
effect in this division, viz, it proved that any position, however difficult, could be carried by determined men if led by brave officers, and I make these recommendations as a reward and example to meritorious field and line offices.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,No. 276. December 20, 1864.

1. During the temporary absence of the brevet major-general, Brigadier General R.de Trobriand will assume command of this division.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Brigadier General R. de Trobriand:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, December 20, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have sent up approval for leave of absence of several general offices, and I do it with the fullest regard to what I consider the interest of the service. We acknowledge the necessity of our commands by announcing victories with all the power of words and shotted salutes, and I believe the granting of all the leaves of absence we can has equally good effect. We have at the present a full number of general officers and can, I think, spare some of them no matter what may occur. General Griffin contemplates bringing Mrs. Griffin with him to the army this winter, as soon as he may be allowed, and will consequently be here on duty and well satisfied. If General Ayres is granted his leave now he too will be back in the midwinter. At this time, if circumstances will permit it, I would like to go home for a while with my brother to attend at my sister's wedding. General Crawford would like to go about the same time, so that if some of the leaves can be granted as there are in it present for duty, and all will feel renewed for the next campaign. I mentioned these points to favor the granting of all the leaves of absence applied for.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 20, 1864.

(Sent 12.55 p.m.)

General G. K. WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

The commanding general directs to see you at his headquarters at your earliest convenience.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

