HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, December 20, 1864.

General WILLIAMS:

Dispatch received 1.20 p.m. Will come up immediately.

G. K. WARREN,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, December 20, 1864.

(Received 10.25 a.m.)

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Nothing of importance has transpired on the lines of this corps during the preceding twenty-four hours. Three batteries of the Fifth Corps were relieved from Forts Urmston and Conahey, and Batteries 24,25, and 26, by the same number of batteries of this corps.

H. W. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, December 20, 1864.

Captain A. H. BIBBER, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report from the picket:

I sent a scouting party of thirty down the Lee's Mill road toward Proctor's on the plank road this morning at 9 a.m. About 300 yards beyond the first house this side of the plank road they found a party of rebs, numbering twenty-five or thirty, drawn up in line in the woods. Some distance to the right, six miles and a half or so, was some smoke and a few men, a reserve being apparently placed there. A mounted man, probably a vedette, was seen the first house to the right on the plank road. No vedettes were seen on the Lee's road. Lieutenant Russell saw the same number at or near the same place yesterday, with a flag some distance to the rear. Does not think it was a headquarters flag; was apparently an old one, square; could distinguish no colors on it. He also though from the action of the men that there was a reserve near. Ten or twenty rebels followed the returning scout a little way, but manifested no disposition to interfere with it. Did not follow but a short distance and with a good interval. Last night a few mounted men felt of the lines a little, but soon retired.

J. P. CILLEY,Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Pickets.

Respectfully submitted.

C. H. SMITH,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

OFF BEAUFORT, December 20, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Have done nothing. Been waiting for navy and weather. Have sent full report by mail.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

OFF BEAUFORT, N. C., December 20, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Commanding &amp;c., City Point:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the troops under the command of Major-General Weitzel left Fortress Monroe, as I informed you, on Wednesday, the 14th, and got off Cape Henry at 4 p.m., and arrived

