
The Second Division, Brigadier-General Gibbon - Fort Morton, garrison of 305 men; Fort Meikel, garrison of 131 men; Fort Rice, garrison of 240 men; Battery Numbers 15, garrison of 20 men; in line between Forts Morton and Sedgwick, 1,300 men; picket between Forts Morton and Sedgwick, 600 men; reserve in rear of Fort Morton, 585 men. One-third of the men in line have their accouterments on at all times. They are all in the line from 4 o'clock in the morning till daylight, prepared in case of attack. The forts have only the regular garrison guards.

The Third Division, Brigadier-General Mott commanding - Fort Sedgwick, garrison of 875 men; Fort Davis, garrison of 575 men; Fort Alexander Hays, garrison of 300 men; in line between Fort Davis and Fort Hays, 1,000 men; on picket from Jerusalem plank road to half way between Fort Hays and Fort Howard, 500 men; near the Williams house, 325 men; Fort Bross, garrison of 250 men; in reserve by Chieves' house, 1,000 men; in reserve by Strong's house, 1,100 men. The men in this division were engaged in pitching their tents and cleaning camp. They were all without accouterments. The forts had the regular garrison guards. The picket-line runs in front of Fort Stedman, as near as I could judge at a distance of 200 feet, in front of Fort Sedgwick 300 feet, and between these points an average of 600 feet; it widens out from Fort Sedgwick to the left of the Second Corps line, the pickets being at least one-quarter of a mile in advance.

I remain, yours, very respectfully,

JAMES C. BIDDLE,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,No. 531. October 7, 1864.

* * * * * * *

3. Bvt. Brigadier General H. L. Brown, volunteer service, having reported at these headquarters, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 252, current series, headquarters Second Army Corps, is hereby assigned, subject to the approval of the major-general commanding the corps, to the temporary command of the Fourth Brigade of this division, relieving in that command Lieutenant Colonel William Glenny, Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, who will return to duty in his regiment.

By order of Brigadier-General Miles:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM WILSON,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you relieve at 3 a. m. to-morrow, with troops of your brigade, the troops of the Consolidated Brigade in the line from Battery Numbers 9 to the left to connect with the Fourth Brigade - 275 muskets properly officered. He considers that a regimental organization had better be sent. The garrisons of inclosed works will not be disturbed. He also directs that the garrison of Battery Numbers 4, 150 men, be kept up and considered the same

