
duty to use their utmost endeavor to arrest all whom them may see trying to desert, if necessary to pursue and shoot them down. You will also inform your men that for every deserter apprehended a reward of &amp;30 and a month's furlough will be granted to the soldier making the arrest.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

NORFOLK, December 20, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel SMITH:

I have the honor to report that we failed to surprise the enemy on Rainbow Bluff. They were re-enforced in season from Weldon. The navy could not help us on account of the multitude of torpedoes. They are still working their way up the river.

Very respectfully,

E. A. WILD,

Brigadier-General.

NEW BERNE, December 20, 1864.

Brigadier General I. N. PALMER:

I have just received a dispatch from Colonel Frankle, dated the 19th. He reports himself as ready to move in twenty-four hours, but says that the navy is not yet up to the point from which they are to start - Spellar's Ferry. He desires two sections of Napoleon guns, which I will send if possible. New York papers of the 17th are received. Richmond papers of the 15th announce the capture by General Sherman of Fort McAllister, on the Ogeechee River. Thomas and Hood have had another battle, in which our forces were victorious.

E. HARLAND,

Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 21, 1864-4.45 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

The following dispatch just received:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, December 21, 1864-4.35 p.m.

Lieutenant-GeneraL GRANT:

Richmond papers just in say: "An official dispatch from Wilmington dated yesterday at 10 a.m., says advance of the enemy fleet anchored off that point during last night. Over thirty steamers are now assembling and more are following." Dispatch from Dublin late last night states that fighting had been going on near Mount Airy for two days. The salt-works were supposed to be safe thus far.

E. O. C. ORD,Major-General.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 21, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Twenty-three deserters came in yesterday. They do not communicate anything of importance. A contraband, who came in from Hicks-

