
will be accompanied by a statement showing the services on which it is based, together with the occasion and date on which the services were rendered.

* * * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 22, 1864. (Received 10 a.m.)

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

No changes in the disposition of my command and nothing of interest occurred since last report. Two privates of the One hundred and eleventh New York Volunteers deserted from First Division picket last night, and three deserters from the enemy came into our lines on First Division front.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,No. 326. Before Petersburg, Va., December 22, 1864.

1. in addition to his present duties Major George W. Johnes, assistant quartermaster, headquarters Third Division, is assigned to duty as acting chief quartermaster of the corps during the temporary absence of Lieutenant-Colonel Shallenberger, chief quartermaster. Major Johnes will report in person to these headquarters without delay.

* * * * * * * * * *

4. By authority of the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac leave of absence for ten days is granted to Major General John Gibbon, commanding Second Division, Second Army Corps, for the benefit of his health.

By order of Major-General Humphreys:

September CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 22, 1864.

Bvt. Brigadier General GEORGE N. MACY,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding the division directs that a new curtain between Forts Fisher and Welch be constructed by the troops of your brigade upon the line staked out yesterday. The ditch to be six feet deep and about twelve feet wide, and the earth to be used in the breast-works, which will consist of a banquette one foot high and two feet wide, and a parapet four feet above the banquette, with a berm of sufficient length to prevent land-slides. The work will be commenced at once and completed as rapidly as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. BROWN,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

