
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,

No. 97. December 22, 1864.

The inspection directed of the Twentieth Massachusetts, Sixty-ninth New York National Guard Artillery, and the One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers having this day taken place, the major-general commanding the division decides in favor of the One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers as being in the best serviceable condition. It is, therefore, announced as the model regiment of this division and will be excused from all picket, and other outside details for one week from the 26th instant.

The following-named enlisted men, having reported at these headquarters as the neatest men in their respective brigades, viz: Private H. H. Elliott, Nineteenth Regiment Maine Volunteers, First Brigade; Corpl. Lackey Conway, One hundred and fifty-fifth New York Volunteers, Second Brigade; Corpl. John Smith, Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, Third Brigade, they have been duly inspected, and Corpl. L. Conway, One hundred and fifty-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers, decided to be the neatest, most soldierly one. He is, therefore, announced as the model soldier of this division, and a furlough for twenty days will be at once made out and forwarded for him.

Private H. H. Elliott, Nineteenth Maine Volunteers, First Brigade, and Corpl. John Smith, Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, Third Brigade, will be excused from all picket and other outside details for one week.

By command of Major-General Gibbon:

JNumbers M. NORVELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 5TH ARMY CORPS,

December 22, 1864.

The general commanding brigade being temporarily absent from this command, the undersigned, as senior officer present, hereby assumes the command. All orders heretofore issued from these headquarters will be respected and obeyed until altered by competent authority.

By command of-

HENRY A. MORROW,

Colonel Twenty-fourth Michigan Vols., Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,December 22, 1864. (Received 9.10 a.m.)

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance has transpired on the lines of this corps during the preceding twenty-four hours.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,December 22, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS:

Nothing new along our line. It has been reported that the water was drawn off from the dam in the stream opposite Fort Haskell. Fearing that a demonstration might be made on that point of our line, extra

