
as the garrisons of the other inclosed works. No details are to be made from it, and it will be kept at work inclosing the battery, as directed in note of 3rd instant.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,October 7, 1864.

Major H. H. BINGHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following changes in the line of this division: The Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers (Second Brigade), numbering 17 commissioned officers and 215 men, Captain John R. Ross commanding, relieved Colonel Collis and his command in the fort on the Norfolk railroad in rear of the headquarters Second Army Corps. Nothing further of note occurred since my last report.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 7, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Two deserters from Eighteenth North Carolina Regiment have just been received. They left the right of the rebel line about three miles and a half from Petersburg. One of them is named MacMillan; he has black whiskers, and is quite well posted as to the rebel positions. He says Heth's and Wilcox's divisions are on their right, and are throwing up works. These men were in the battle at Poplar Spring Church. These men will be sent to you at once.

Respectfully,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 7, 1864 - 11. 45 p. m.

Brigadier-General CRAWFORD,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding desires a demonstration made tomorrow that will prevent the enemy from sending any additional forces to the north side of the James. He therefore directs that you send out reconnaissances in your front to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock and drive in the enemy's pickets, and follow it up with such other movements as will give the impression that we are about advancing in force. General Parke, commanding Ninth Corps, has received the same orders, and there should be concert of action between you.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to General Parke.)

