
BERMUDA HUNDRED, December 22, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

In obedience to orders from Lieutenant-General Grant, I have the honor to report to you. One brigade of my division is here at present; the other two have not yet arrived. I await your orders.

T. M. HARRIS,

Bvt. Brigadier General, Commanding First Infty. Div., Army of West Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., December 23, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: in view of the complaint and remonstrance of Mr. Tassara, envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary of Her Catholic Majesty, the Secretary of War directs that the military authorities

of the United States conducting flags of truce will neither receive nor convey any communication whatever issued from or directed to any Spanish authority or unless the same shall be unsealed.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 23, 1864-1 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Nineteen deserters are reported this morning as coming from the enemy into the lines of the Ninth and Second Corps, and two deserters from the Second Corps to the enemy. The enemy's deserters report the establishment of a new mortar battery in front of Fort Morton. The attention of the engineers and artillery have been directed to this matter. I have a Richmond paper of the 22nd, extracts from which are not forwarded, as it is presumed you have seen it.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,BUREAU OF INFORMATION,

December 23, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Sixteen deserters from the enemy have been forwarded to-day. They represent Wise's, Wallace's, and Ransom's brigades, of Johnson's division, and Walker's and MacRae's brigades, of Heth's division. No changes reported on any part of the line. Nothing definite regarding Early's corps, and a rumor that all or part of it was near Jarratt's Station. Hampton's cavalry camped about and below Stony Creek. Deserters from Wise's brigade give some detailed information concerning a mortar battery and 10-inch columbiad to the rear of enemy's Battery No. 27, on Jerusalem plank road. The mortar battery has lately been constructed. It is situated about 150 yards north-west

