
of Battery No. 27, on the point where the enemy's line crosses the Jerusalem plank road. The battery consists of mine mortars, seven Coehorn, and two 8-inch, and is situated on the covered slope of a ravine, to the west and near the plank road. The Coehorn mortars have a range in the direction of Fort Hell, and the 8-inch are on the left (enemy's left) of the Coehorns, some twenty yards distant, with an easterly range. The 10-inch columbiad is on the same site as the Whitworth gun that was used upon our railroad. The latter gun has been dismounted and the 10-inch columbiad substituted. Its location is about 350 yards north of west of the mortar battery, on the opposite side of the ravine. Work has lately been suspended on these batteries. Various reports put the number of mortars from ten to fifteen, but from two intelligent and well-informed men the above report coincides. No news from Savannah or elsewhere. News of Thomas' operations unknown to informants until they reached our lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 23, 1864.

Colonel FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

At 8 a.m. a train of cars passed westward, and at 2 p.m. one passed toward Petersburg on South Side Railroad. A small party strengthened enemy's works near the Boisseau property.

I. THICKSTUN,

Signal Officer.

WALTHALL SIGNAL STATION,

December 23, 1864-9 a.m.

Captain PAINE:

All quiet this a.m. No change observed. The following were intercepted yesterday eve:

4.20 p.m.

Colonel B[RENT]:

All quiet this p.m. Gun-boat in same position.

R.,

Sergeant, at C.

(Same to A. B.)

4.30p.m.

Major P.:

Evening report: There have passed in rear of Battery 5, going toward enemy's left, seven trains-two of fifteen box-cars each, two of ten box-cars and six flats, one of nine box-cars and five flats, one of seven box-cars, and the other of eight flats, with a few soldiers on, and thirty-five wagons. In rear of same battery, going toward City Point, two trains-one of five box-cars, the other was not counted, and thirty wagons. Wagons reported as going in both directions, believed to be wood wagons.

B. C.,

At D.

H. W. HOLMAN,

Sergeant.

