
Private Henry W. Rowe, Company I, Eleventh New Hampshire Volunteers; Sergt. Leander A. Wilkins, Company H, Ninth New Hampshire Volunteers; Sergt. Charles Brown, Company C, Fiftieth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers; Corpl. Benjamin F. Young, Company I, First Michigan Sharpshooters; Corpl. Franklin Hogan, Company A, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers. To those of this number here present with the command the medals were presented on the 16th of December instant, by the major-general commanding the army, with words of praise and appreciation that conferred an additional value upon the reward. The medals are a permanent and substantial honor. Borne upon the breast, they stamp the bearer as one whose brave deeds have won national recognition, and the recognition, and the men who won them will transmit with pride to their descendants these testimonials of gallant and soldierly conduct. To these brave men, whose valor and services have been thus rewarded by the nation, the general commanding desires to express his thanks, and he trusts that their comrades will be inspired to emulate their achievements and bring like honors to themselves and the corps.

By command of Major General John G. Parke:

P. M. LYDIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,December 24, 1864-10 p.m.

Real-Admiral PORTER,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: We will endeavor to effect a landing above Flag-Pond Hill Battery, between that and Half-Moon, at such an hour as may be fixed upon by consultation between yourself and General Weitzel, who will have command of the troops, and who will meet you at any hour you choose to arrange details. To do this, it will probably be necessary that you should send such vessels as will cover the landing, and what those shall be is, of course, for your better judgment. I design, in the first place, to send on shore a party for reconnaissance sufficiently strong to hold the landing if we again a good hold, and then to lands as rapidly as possible our whole force, and if from the reconnaissance it is deemed practicable to attempt an assault on Fort Fisher the assault will be made. We have boats enough of our own to land the first detachment. We shall ask you for any spare boats you may have, with their crews to pull them, to aid in the landing of our forces. A half dozen armed with howitzers had also better be sent. Will you allow these boats to report to General Graham? We can take them in tow from such point as you may designate. It would seem to be best that the naval attack should be continued with spirit and effect upon the fort, and endeavor to silence in and keep it silenced. The messenger who bears this take back an answer and notify General Weitzel when you will desire to see him. It is suggested that the landing take place about 8 o'clock, after the navy have been engaged with the fort an hour or more.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

