
CITY POINT, VA., December 26, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army:

I am just in receipt of a letter from General G. B. McClellan, saying that the proposes visiting Europe soon with his family, and that Mrs. McClellan desires to see her father before starting and requests a leave of absence for Colonel Marcy, that this desire may be gratified. I do not know the special duty Colonel Marcy may be on at this time, and do not therefore wish to order the leave granted lest it may interfere with important duties. If not inconsistent with the public service, however, I wish this leave to be granted from Washington. Colonel Marcy I believe is in Memphis, Tenn.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,BUREAU OF INFORMATION,

December 26, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Twenty-five deserters from the enemy, including one commissioned officer (second lieutenant), came into our lines this a.m. They represent Harris and Finegan's brigades, of Mahone's division; Scales' brigade, of Wilcox's division, and Wise's, Wallace's, Ransom's, and Gracie's brigades, of Johnson's division. From the lieutenant we learn that the following divisions have lately gone to Wilmington: Gordon's and Pegram's on Wednesday evening last; Hoke's on Tuesday last, via Danville and Richmond Railroad; Kershaw's division followed Hoke's, making in all four divisions gone; Rodes' division moving from Valley at last accounts; Battle's brigade, of this division, already arrived at Dunlop's Station, two miles above Petersburg; General Battle, commanding Rodes' division, said to be in readiness to relieve Johnson's division, which is going to Wilmington; General Anderson, commanding Hoke's and Johnson's divisions, has gone to Wilmington, probably in command; only Wharton's division (a small brigade) left on Valley with Early, beside his cavalry. The lieutenant reports that he had arranged matters with sixty men from his brigade to desert next Wednesday, but being fearful that the plot would be discovered came over in advance. Provisions are very scarce, no meat issued of late; are issuing codfish. He says we may look for swarms of deserters soon. No additional information from Savannah. Nothing of importance from the others, except organization, strength, &amp;c., of their commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 468. Washington, December 26, 1864.

* * * * * * * * * *

3. Colonel B. F. Fisher, chief signal officer of the army, is hereby relieved from duty with the Army of the Potomac, and will at once assume charge of the office of the Signal Corps, in the city of Washington, D. C., which, from this date, will taken as the station of Colonel Fisher.

