
All funds, property, office records, books, &amp;c., hitherto in the charge of Lieutenant Colonel W. J. Nicodemus, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, and pertaining to the office of the chief signal officer, will be immediately turned over to the charge of Colonel Fisher, who will report the amount of funds received, and for which the signal officer is responsible.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 26, 1864. (Received 10.15 p.m.)

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

No changes in the disposition of this command since last report. Two deserters came into our lines during the night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 26, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIRST DIVISION:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires me to say that, with the information you have received, perhaps it would be well not to relieve your pickets to-morrow morning, but wait until evening, notifying them to-night of the information received by you, so as to put them on their guard. They will not commence firing, however, but wait for the enemy to begin.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

September CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - Since writing the above the commanding general has questioned the four deserters very thoroughly, and it does not seem to him probable that the enemy will commence sharpshooting for some time yet. It will be well, however, the general suggests, for you to make every necessary preparation to meet any attempt on their part to open fire our pickets or intrenchments.

September CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTILLERY Brigadier, SECOND CORPS,No. 220. December 26, 1864.

I. Major R. Bruce Ricketts, First Pennsylvania Artillery, is hereby relieved from the command of the batteries of this corps on the Ninth Corps line. All communications not of an urgent character, and all reports, required at these headquarters, will be sent to the camp of the Sixth Maine Battery, inclosed and directed to the acting assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters. Papers should be there by 7 a.m. in order that they may be brought up the mail-carries.

* * * * * * * * *

By command of Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Hazard:

U. D. EDDY,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

