HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,October 7, 1864 - 12 m. (Received 5 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

Kautz's cavalry were driven in with some loss. Birney easily repulsed the enemy on his right. I am now waiting for a little further information when I propose to assume the offensive with two divisions of Birney. I think this is only an attempt to hold the Darbytown road as far down as possible.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,October 7, 1864 - 6 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

At 6.45 this morning the enemy, having moved Field's and Hoke's divisions from the left at Chaffin's farm round at our right at Darbytown road, attacked with spirit Kautz's cavalry in their intrenchments and drove him back with small loss of men, but with the loss of his artillery. The enemy suffered very considerable loss in this attack. The enemy then swept down the intrenchments toward Birney, who, having thrown back his right, waited their assault and repulsed it with very heavy loss on the part of the enemy. The enemy, in the mean-time, advanced toward New Market, but were met by a force at the signal tower. At 3 p. m. I took the offensive, sending Birney with two divisions up the Darbytown road. The enemy has retreated as the advanced, and he now has reached and occupies the intrenchments which the enemy took from Kautz and were fortifying for themselves. Our loss has been small; not one-eighth of the enemy's. We have about 100 prisoners. Will telegraph again if anything of interest occurs.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,October 7, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

Birney has regained Kautz's old position and holds the enemy in the inner line of intrenchments around Richmond, extending from the Darbytown road to connect with Weitzel on the left near Fort Harrison. There has been no movement at Petersburg to-day. We have much the best of this day's work; 1,000, at the least, of the enemy killed and wounded, 100 prisoners, and a bloody repulse. General Gregg, commanding Field's division, is reported by a lady, who saw the body, as killed. No news by Richmond papers, save that they boast that Hood is at Marietta strongly intrenched.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

