
Twelfth Virginia Infantry, Weisiger's brigade, Mahone's division; one from Tenth Alabama Infantry, Forney's brigade, Mahone's division; one from Forty-eighth Georgia Infantry, Sorrel's brigade, Mahone's division; one from Eleventh North Carolina, MacRae's brigade, Heth's division; two from Seventh Tennessee Infantry, Archer's brigade, Heth's division. Also, from the Ninth Army Corps have been forwarded as follows: Two from Forty-sixth Virginia Infantry, Wise's brigade, Johnson's division. No changes reported in Hill's corps or Johnson's division; no positive information of the movements of any troops south except Hoke's division. One of informants states that he was at Burgess' Mill three days ago, at which time Gordon's division had not moved. The lieutenant that came yesterday was positive both Pegram's and Gordon's divisions had gone to Wilmington. Nothing known of Rodes' or Kershaw's divisions. Information from City Point shows no change in Kershaw's division now on General Ord's front, though there may have been a change. Therefore, with the exception of the lieutenant's statements yesterday, we have no evidence of any but Hoke's division having gone to Wilmington last Tuesday and Wednesday, as reported.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 27, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point:

No evidence of any but Hoke's division having gone to Wilmington, if we except the statement of the lieutenant deserter yesterday. Eight deserters to-day from Hill's corps and Johnson's division, one of whom was in Gordon's camp three days ago near Burgess' Mill. He had not then gone. Nothing further from Kershaw.

J. C. BABCOCK.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,ARMY OF THE JAMES,

In the Field, December 27, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE,

Provost-Marshal, City Point:

I have a deserter in this a.m. who states that he belongs to Second South Carolina, Kershaw's division, and that none of it had left yesterday.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

December 27, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Captain C. L. DAVIS,

Acting Chief Signal Officer:

Have a partial view of the lines. No movement or changes observed.

A. K. C[AROTHERS],

Sergeant.

