HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,December 27, 1864. (Received 9.35 a.m.)

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance has transpired on the lines of this corps during the preceding twenty-four hours.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH VERMONT VOLUNTEERS,December 27, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report, in compliance with Special Orders 364, paragraph 7, headquarters Army of the Potomac, the following enlisted men of this command as entitled to medals of honor:

Samuel Greer, sergeant, Company C, Tenth Vermont Volunteers, distinguished himself by coolness and efficiency in withdrawing the skirmish line over the Monocacy River, July 9, 1864, after the main line had fallen back, remaining in the rear and exposing himself to secure the retreat over the iron bridge. Again at Winchester, September 19, 1864, on the skirmish line advancing before the last charge. Again at Cedar Creek, October 19, 1864, remaining in rear of line when retreating in the morning, exposed to very severe fire, turning and firing constantly. Although severely bruised in the shoulder while thus retreating, by a bullet which went through his knapsack, yet he remained with the company through the day. He has been in every battle of the campaign.

Patrick Gillouley, private, Company D. At Cedar Creek, October 19, 1864, three guns of Captain McKnight's battery having fallen into the enemy's hands, and the Tenth Vermont charging to recapture them, he was the first to reach the guns, except Sergeant Mahoney, regimental color bearer, and distinguished himself in working under a very severe fire to help draw the guns off by hand. Later on the same day, being severely bruised by a spent ball, on the leg, he remained with his company during the fight, and performed picket duty with them that night. He has been present with the company every day during the campaign, and in every battle has distinguished himself by coolness and marked gallantry.

Norton Danforth, private, Company K, at the battle of Opequon, September 19, 1864, was foremost in the charge on the rebel line in the morning, and captured a rebel captain far in advance of the line. At Fisher's Hill, September 22, 1864, was foremost in the charge which carried the whole works; captured four prisoners, whom he turned over to the provost guard, joining immediately after in the charge which drove the rebels from their last stand.

First Sergt. B. Brooks Clark, Company K, having become separated from his regiment during the retreat from Monocacy, July 9 and 10, 1864, captured near Mount Airy a rebel lieutenant, Lieutenant Maguire, of a Virginia cavalry regiment, and one private. The capture was made in a house within sight of the horses of a brigade of rebel cavalry. Sergeant Clark escaped with his prisoners to the woods, where he had left a companion, and although immediate pursuit was made, the enemy sometimes gaining sight of them, and using dogs to trace them, he succeeded in baffling his pursuers and bringing his prisoners safely to

