
works, capturing 300 men and 10 commissioned officers. He brought his picket-line within fifty yards of the work, where he was opened upon by canister and musketry. He found seventeen guns bearing upon the beach, which was only wide enough for an assault of 1,000 men in line, the guns protected by traverses and but one dismounted, notwithstanding the fire of the fleet had been opened upon them for five hours. In the meanwhile the surf had so arisen as to render further landing nearly impracticable. After a thorough reconnaissance of the work, finding it utterly impracticable for a land assault, and that at least two brigades of Hoke's division from before Richmond had arrived there and that the rest was on the road, I withdrew the forces and ordered a re-embarkment, and had got on board all od the troops with the exception of about 300, when the surf was so high as to prevent either getting on or off the shore. I lay by until morning and took measures for their relief as soon as the sea might go down. They were under cover of the gun-boats, and I have no doubt they are all safely off. Our loss when I left was but twelve wounded, ten of whom were by the shells of the navy on our picket-line near the fort. I will be up in the morning.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,December 27, 1864.

Rear-Admiral PORTER,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: In my note to you on the evening of the 25th I made the statement, as it was reported to me, that "while the garrison were kept in their bomb-proofs by the fire of the navy three or four men of the picket-line ventured upon the parapet and through the sally-port of the work, capturing a horse, which they brought off, killing the orderly, who was the bearer of a dispatch from the chief of artillery of General Whiting to bring a light battery within the fort, and also brought away from the parapet the flag of the fort. This was done while the shells of the navy were falling about the heads of the daring men who entered the fort." I find, upon further examination, that I was incorrectly informed, and, of course, incorrectly reported the fact to you. The men did not enter the fort. They came upon the outer edge of the ditch and there obtained the flag, which was shot away the day before by the navy fire. The orderly was killed outside the fort and the horse taken there. I believe the truth is now, upon further examination, that nobody went into the fort. We had some twelve men wounded on the picket-line from the shells of the fleet. I make this correction because I think it is due to the narration of the events of the movement.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 11. In the Field, Va., December 27, 1864.

I. A furlough of thirty days and a reward of $30 will be paid any enlisted man who shall, through his commanders, furnish evidence to these headquarters of having arrested and placed in custody any one guilty of desertion or attempting to desert.

