
is abundantly supplied. The difficulty of procuring forage in the North and East in already creating serious apprehensions of a failure of supply before spring. Under these circumstances the Cavalry Bureau and Quartermaster-General strongly urge that purchases at the North and East be discontinued till spring. Those at the West and Northwest for Thomas and Canby's forces must go on. Moreover the Quartermaster-General has $50,000 of unpaid requisitions in the Treasury Department, and unless the greatest economy is practiced the demands of Government creditors cannot be met. If you have no objection the War Department will stop the purchases as requested by the Quartermaster-General.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., December 29, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

By all means stop the purchase of horses in the East and curtail it in the West. Now that Hood is disposed of there will be less necessity for cavalry there than heretofore.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., December 29, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

The substance of dispatches and reports from Rear-Admiral Porter, off Wilmington, is briefly this: The ships can approach nearer to the enemy's works than was anticipated. Their fire can keep the enemy away from their guns. A landing can easily be effected upon the beach north of Fort Fisher, not only of troops, but all their supplies and artillery. This force can have its flanks protected by gun-boats. The navy can assist in the siege of Fort Fisher precisely as it covered the operations which resulted in the capture of Fort Wagner. The winter season is the most favorable for operations against Fort Fisher. The largest naval force ever assembled is ready to lend its co-operation. Rear-Admiral Porter will remain off Fort Fisher, continuing a moderate fire to prevent new works from being erected, and the ironclad have proved that they can maintain themselves in spite of bad weather. Under all these circumstances, I invite to such a military co-operations as will insure the fall of Fort Fisher, the importance of which has already received your careful consideration. This telegram is made at the suggestion of the President, and in hopes that you will be able at this time to give the troops which heretofore were required elsewhere. If it cannot be done, the fleet will have to disperse, whence it cannot again be brought to this coast.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

