HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 29, 1864-12.15 p.m. (Sent 12.30 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

There was considerable firing, principally mortars, along, the line of the Ninth Corps yesterday, it being kept up till 9 p.m. Twenty deserters from the enemy are this morning reported, but no information of any importance received from them.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,BUREAU OF INFORMATION,

December 29, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Twenty-three deserters from the enemy have been forwarded to-day, representing as follows: Davis' and MacRae's brigades, of Heth's division; Finegan's and Forney's brigades, of Mahone's division; Gracie's and Ransom's brigades, of Johnson's division; Evans' brigade, of Gordon's division. No change whatever reported in the enemy's position, no foundation for the rumor that part of A. P. Hill's corps was under marching orders; Gordon's and Pegram's divisions are near Burgess' Mill, and doing picket duty about five miles south-east from camp along Hatcher's Run. Deserters from Evans' brigade, Gordon's division, report no movement of any part of those divisions; they are erecting winter quarters; greater part of cavalry near Belfield; Dearing's brigade here. One of informants reports the capture of Fort Fisher at Wilmington and its occupation by the Twenty-fourth Army Corps. Strength of regiments reported from 150 to 350; very few found of the latter strength. No conscripts coming in of late. One informant states that Rodes' division had been ordered back to Gordonsville, and was now moving in that direction; could give no particulars.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

P. S.- Information from City Point locates Kershaw's division beyond a doubt . It is on north side of James, and relieved Hoke when the latter left.

CITY POINT, July 29, 1864.

JOHN C. BABCOCK:

Men in. Agent left Richmond yesterday at 9 a.m.; went in on Tuesday by Charles City road; saw very few troops; not allowed to return by the same route, but came by a road nearer Chickahominy, four miles out, on which (from Richmond) saw large body of enemy's cavalry concentrating; two divisions of infantry crossed from Petersburg to north side during night before last. No troops have been sent to Early, who is not expected to return. Loss of four guns and about a regiment of prisoners admitted in Richmond night before last.

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel.

