
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 47. December 29, 1864.

The following extract from General Orders, No. 27, of March 14, 1863, from these headquarters, is republished for general information:

IX. Scouting parties and pickets will exercise a wise discretion in the arrest of citizens peacefully remaining at home. Such persons will not be brought within the lines of this army, unless upon proof sufficient to warrant their being taken into custody; and in all cases the witnesses, or a statement showing their names and places of resistance, will accompany the parties held as prisoners.

The repeated instances which have happened of late of the failure of officers to comply with the foregoing order have occasioned much embarrassment, and, hereafter, provost-marshals will not receive citizens sent to them as prisoners, unless the arrested parties are accompanied by such information as will admit to their cases being intelligently disposed of. Provost-marshals will promptly report to these headquarters the names of all officers who may send citizens to them under guard without the information herein required.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 29, 1864. (Received 10.10 a.m.)

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

No changes in the disposition of this command since last report. Eighteen deserters from the enemy came into our lines last night; also a colored woman and child.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,December 29, 1864. (Received 8.45 a.m.)

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Nothing of importance has occurred in this command during the twenty-four hours last past.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,December 29, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: I have the honor to report the names of two enlisted men of my command for conspicuous gallantry in compliance with Special Orders, No. 364, dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, December 22, 1864.

First Sergt. John Grover, jr., Company F. At the battle of Cold Harbor, Va., June 1, 1864, he, in advance of the line, with two others, dashed into the rebel works, taking prisoners to the number of fifty, sending them to the rear, at the time within forty yards of the rebel line of battle, that was rejoined his regiment unharmed. At the

