
battle of Monocacy, Md., July 9, 1864; at the battle of Winchester, Va., September 19, 1864; Fisher's Hill, Va., September 22, 1864, and at the battle of Cedar Creek, Va., he displayed consummate bravery, and, in my estimation, no braver or more worthy soldier is in the army.

Second Corpl. James Chaffey, Company F, Fourteenth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers. At the battle of Cold Harbor, Va., June 1, 1864, while on the charge at dusk was some distance in advance of our main line; as we advanced we changed the direction a little to the left; Corporal Chaffey dashed on, found himself within the enemy's lines; nerving himself to break through or die in the attempt, he started for our lines; he shot one and brought the other in as prisoner. At the battle of Monocacy, Md., July 9, 1864, while the fight was at its height, his captain said to him. "Do you see that rebel color? Do you think you can lower it?" He spoke immediately, "I'll try." He advanced to within thirty yards of the rebel line, raised his gun, shooting the rebel color bearer, then coolly returned to this regiment, fighting bravely until we were ordered to fall back. His behavior was conspicuous at the battle of Winchester, where he was wounded, but remained but a day or two at hospital; also at the battle of Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1864, he behaved with consummate bravery.

I also have the honor to state that in the numerous engagements in which the regiment has participated, the casualties among the brave and heroic have been so many that those who have survived and have proven themselves worthy, have already been rewarded by promotion. A few men here have been omitted, but the record of their special acts of bravery is not sufficiently explicit and marked to warrant the recommendation for a special medal of honor. The truly brave of our regiment in many instances have fallen in the strife, and it is too late now to reward them in the manner proposed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. JANEWAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,December 29, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There was much more firing usual along our lines yesterday. The cannonading was kept up for some hours after dark. It was mainly mortar practice. The enemy seemed to open mortars from new positions and required much practice before getting the ranges. Two deserters from Fifty-ninth Alabama have been reported.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 29, 1864-10 p.m. (Sent 10.10 p.m.)

Major-General PARKE:

I leave to-morrow to be absent for a short time. During my absence the command will devolve on you. Please come up during the morning and take charge.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

