
CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

RICHMOND, VA., October 1, 1864.

President DAVIS:

On Thursday morning early the enemy assailed in force exterior line near Chaffin's, and captured and held Fort Harrison. Pressing onward toward city, they were repulsed with loss from Fort Gilmer and driven back, a small advance party of cavalry meantime approaching and threatening the interior line, and afterward retiring without attack. On following day,l under direction of General Lee, an assault made to recover Fort Harrison, though partially successful, failed; interior line now considered well guarded. A successful attack on the enemy on Squirrel Level road by Generals Heth and Hampton, resulting in severe punishment to enemy and capture of about 900 prisoners, is just reported, also several small but decided successes in East Tennessee and the Valley. In Valley now no enemy south of North River. Your telegrams of 28th and 30th attended to.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[OCTOBER 1, 1864.-For Lee to Seddon, reporting engagement of Heth and Hampton with enemy on September 30, see Part I, p. 852.]

CHAFFIN'S, October 1, 1864.

(Received 6.10 p. m.)

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

Your telegram received. General Gary has not sent to me for artillery, and if he has called upon General pemberton he should have sent it. Is General Pemberton in command of the artillery of the line of work, or who is?

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,Petersburg, Va., October 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have received your communication advising me that Wise's brigade had been ordered back, and that Lieutenant-General Hill suggests that it would perhaps be [better] to place it in reserve, as it may be wanted to-morrow. I shall conform to the suggestion, and shall place Wise's brigade in reserve to-night. I trust my motives and views will be rightly appreciated when I say that, as far as practicable, I would like to keep my command together, and fight the brigades of which it is composed together. I think my troops may do better service in this way, therefore, if equally satisfactory to the Lieutenant-General, I would prefer relieving a number of troops on my right, equal to the strength of Wise's brigade, and by this means enable General Mahone to have the command of his own troops instead of mine.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

