
future. Active measures will be taken to draw more largely from within the enemy's lines, and also to obtain a regular addition of draft animals (mules principally) from Mexico. This latter source of supply I hope to make hereafter steadily available. For the present, while certainly there is scarcity of horses in the Confederacy, there is no such deficiency as precludes the due supply of your existing necessities. The Quartermaster-General will no doubt arrange satisfactorily on that point. I have to acknowledge my obligations for your suggestions and counsels, which are always received with satisfaction by

Yours, most truly,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 236. Richmond, October 5, 1864.

I. Colonel W. A. Parham, Forty-first Virginia Infantry, will report to Major General J. L. Kemper, in this city, for assignment to duty on the line of the Blackwater, where he may be charged with the duties of a provost-marshal.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHAFFIN'S BLUFF, October 6, 1864.

General J. F. GILMER:

Have already recommended to the Secretary of War to impress negroes for Whiting. Please see him about it. Recommendation went up to-day.

R. E. LEE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., October 6, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Chaffin's Bluff:

Following message from telegraph operator at Gordonsville has just been sent me by the president of the company. I send it for your information:

Scout came in here about fifteen minutes ago, and reported to Major Richards that the enemy crossed the Rapidan this morning at 9 o'clock. He says he was in full view of them, and was sure it was a brigade of their cavalry. Just now another came in and reported them this side of Orange Court-House. I do not place much reliance on it, although I am prepared to leave at a moment's notice. The major has sent a special courier down to see about the truth of it. I will advise you when he returns.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

