
one whom I deem better. He is a man of unquestionable ability, versed in the particular knowledge suited to his position, but whether he would be able at the required time to apply these qualifications and to maintain the confidence of this command is with me questionable. I derived much comfort from the report of the condition of things by General Beauregard. He found everything in good order, much work had been done, and saw no evidence of the cause that excites my anxiety. At that time, as I informed Your Excellency, it was my intention to place General Beauregard in command of the post in the event of an attack. His having been placed on duty in Georgia will now prevent, and I have no one to send in his place.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Chaffin's October 8, 1864.

General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding North Carolina Reserves, Raleigh, N. C.:

GENERAL: It is of the utmost importance that this army should be strengthened to enable it to cope with the greatly superior and daily increasing force of General Grant. I wish to know if the place of the Fiftieth North Carolina Regiment at Plymouth and Washington cannot be filled by Senior Reserves, the Sixty-seventh North Carolina at Kinston be relieved by Junior Reserves. The Sixty-seventh and Sixty-eighth Regiment are in the State service, but I will write to Governor Vance, who I believe takes as deep an interest in the defense of the whole country, as in any part, to know if there is any objection to turning them over to the Confederate service, or, at least, if they cannot be assigned to duty with me till the campaign closes. It needs no argument from me to prove that the defense of the James River position is vital to the safety of North Carolina. If that is passed the State may expect to experience the same calamities that have been suffered in Virginia. I believe the Tenth North Carolina (heavy artillery) is at Goldsborough; could not it be replaced by reserves so that it could be sent either to Wilmington or this army, as most required? I wish you would see Governor Vance on any or all of these points in which his aid and concurrence are desired and ask it in my name.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

NEAR RICHMOND, VA., October 9, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

In discussing the movements of the enemy, according to newspaper reports, Captain Goree suggested that Sheridan would probably send his infantry to the relief of Sherman. I presume that our diversion in Missouri has drawn all of the spare troops in the West to that State,

