
number of prisoners which could be captured by 75 or 100 men, moving simply on the enemy's picket-line, seems scarcely sufficient to compensate for the loss even of a few of our men, and would not perhaps render the enemy anymore timid than they now are in regard to their whole line, and we have several weak picket or vedette lines and salient very accessible to reprisals on the part of the enemy. The game once commenced would perhaps be kept up as long as we occupied our relative positions or until the assailants found it very unprofitable. After making one successful effort of this kind, it would become necessary to strengthen our picket-line considerably. I present the foregoing reflections simply for any consideration in regard to my front which they may seem to merit. Our lines and those of the enemy have here been carefully drawn, pressed closely together, and for months have been subjects of study. A movement here should be perhaps very carefully considered before attempted.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 10, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I have great hope that the operation of General Orders, Numbers 76, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, will bring much strength to our armies in the field. The difficultly now will be to get it promptly carried into effect. I think if paragraph III can be so modified as to require the re-examination by select medical boards of all men exempted because of physical disability that many additional recruits would be obtained. Major-General Kemper informs me that there are 19,000 such men reported in Virginia and 32,000 in North Carolina. He thinks 10,000 effective men out of the number in Virginia could be obtained if a rigorous re-examination could be had. These men have been examined by district boards. From all the information I get, Grant's army is being heavily re-enforced, and additions are being made daily. He expects to accumulate a force by which he can extend beyond our right and left, when I fear it will be impossible to keep him out of Richmond.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS,

Chaffin's, October 10, 1864.

General A. P. HILL,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Grant is bringing to him all the re-enforcements he can get. I have heard those that were collected around Washington are being brought down. I think re-enforcements were received this side last night. There was crossing on the bridge and much commotion on his lines to the right. Probably they were new troops. I have also received information that on getting his re-enforcements he intended to move by his right flank, approaching from the Chickahominy, and by

