
his left to the South Side road. I wish you would see that all extra duty men in all the departments-wagoners, cooks, clerks, couriers, &amp;c.-that can possibly be spared be placed in the ranks; that all the reserves, militia, &c., around Petersburg be put in the trenches, and that as many of your old troops as you think it safe to take out be held in readiness for field service. Tell Hampton to have his scouts on the alert and all his men prepared for action. The time stated for this movement is said to be from 10th to 15th instant. We must drive them back at all costs.

Very truly,

R. E. LEE.

RALEIGH, October 11, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

There is a meeting of Governors at Augusta on Monday, the 17th,* to consult about how to spare more men for the service. I am very anxious to know what North Carolina has done in comparison with the other States. Can you furnish the information from the Adjutant-General's Office? If so, write me to Augusta, Ga.

Z. B. VANCE,

Governor.

[Indorsement.]

Without a very protracted and laborious research, it is not possible to ascertain the number of men. The regiments from North Carolina were unusually full at the outset. There are in the Confederate service sixty-seven regiments, five battalions, and twelve unattached companies. Two State regiments are at present doing service under Confederate authority, but have not been transferred to Confederate service. Thus far nine battalions of reserves have been organized.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

October 12, 1864.

Respectfully returned to General Bragg.

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Inclosed is a tabulated statement, which will furnish comparison with other States.+
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 11, 1864.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: Your telegraphic dispatch in reference to the defense of Stony Creek Depot has just been received and the necessary orders have been executed. It he Holcombe Legion and the regiment from Weldon can be placed and kept on the right of our present infantry line, I can easily place two or more regiment at Stony Creek, where they will not only be advantageously posted, but where the horses can

---------------

*For resolutions passed, &c., October 17, see p. 1149

---------------

+Not found.

