
mington. Ten or twelve valuable steamers have already been lost in consequence of the cruise of the Tallahassee, and among them the noble steamer Advance, which alone, I respectfully submit, has been of far more value to the Confederacy than all of our privateers combined. For these and other and obvious reasons I hope these two vessels may remain in the Capte Fear to assist in its defense.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 244. Richmond, October 14, 1864.

* * * * *

XXIII. Major L. R. Page, assistant adjutant-general, is relived from his present duties with Lieutenant-General Ewell, and will report immediately to Major-General Kemper for assignment to duty as assistant inspector-general of conscription.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., October 15, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Commanding Armies, &amp;c.:

SIR: The condition and threatening aspect of affairs in the District of the Cape Fear River renders it, in my judgment, desirable that you should exercise immediate command over the troops and defenses of Wilmington and its approaches. For this purpose you will temporarily leave your office here in charge of one or more of the members of your staff and proceed to Wilmington to assume for the time being the command above indicated.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

At a meeting of the Governors of the States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi, held in Augusta, Ga., on Monday, the 17th day of October, 1864, Governor William Smith presiding, after a full, free, and harmonious consultation and interchange of counsel, the following, among other views, were expressed:

Resolved, That there is nothing in the present aspect of public affairs to cause any abatement in our zeal in the prosecution of the war to the accomplishment of a peace based on the independence of the Confederate States; and to give encouragement to our brave soldiers in the field, and to strengthen the Confederate authorities in the pursuit of this end, we will use our best exertions to increase the effective force of our armies.

Resolved, That the interests of each of our States are identical in the present struggle for self-government, and wisdom and true patriotism

