
fever here unmistakably. So far it is not epidemic. If warm weather comes on it may so turn out, and that will seriously embarrass me, as well as affect you supplies-the more, that it will no ta t all interfere with any plans the enemy may have of naval attack. I am at a loss to know where Farragut is. General Maury telegraphs me that on the 11th he was in Mobile Bay, and had gone to New Orleans to fit out an expedition. This does not tally with news from the North. I have late reports form New Berne. Yellow fever violent there and at Beaufort and Morehead City. The enemy have move d their troops out of their works into the woods. Heckman's brigade, 1,100 strong, had arrived at Morehead. Had we the available force the time is opportune to strike them a heavy blow, but I would not advocate it unless it could be done by troops now in the State. I beg you will press forward the battalion of cavalry. The communication with the enemy by traitors in this city along the sounds is constant, and I am not able to break it up for want of mounted force. The fleet received newspapers the second day with considerable regularity, and their boats land almost nightly. I hope you will consider the need of adding some veteran infantry to the garrisons. I will endeavor my best to make the State levies do for the movable force on which the system of defense is arranged, and on which we must rely.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 148. Richmond, October 19, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XVIII. Authority is hereby granted to Brigadier General J. A. Walker, commanding, &amp;c., to impress from the counties of Pittsylvania, Franklin, Patrick, and Henry 150 slaves for work on the fortifications at Danville. Care will be taken as nearly as practicable to conform to the directions contained in General Orders, Numbers 32, current series, and General Orders, Numbers 138, of series of 1863.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,Petersburg, Va., October 19, 1864.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I regret to hear from several sources unfavorable reports of the condition of my old brigade, now detached from my command and serving on the north side of James River. It would seem that the morale and discipline of the brigade is bad and growing worse, and that discord and dissatisfaction are likely soon to prevail in this com-

73 R R-VOL XLII, PT III

