HEADQUARTERS,October 20, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I think that the enemy's next attack will be on this side or from this side by crossing to the rear of General Pickett's position. To meet such a move on the part of the enemy it seems to me that my corps should be together on this side. Anderson's two divisions where Pickett now is' or if Anderson's other division cannot be spare from Petersburg, it might there be held in reserve for those lines, or ready to re-enforce in front of Bermuda Hundred. With my entire corps I could resist an advance upon my line, and in cased the enemy should make his advance by crossing from this side to the rear of Pickett's present position I could wing around and ge tht e position that he now has on this side of the river, and get his bridge in his rear and thus cut off that force.

I apprehend that the enemy will begin his important operations early next week, and Kershaw's division should be here in time to take part with us. I fear the division is worse than useless where it is, and therefore urge its return to the corps at once.

Most respectfully, yours,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,

Near Richmond, Va., October 20, 1864.

The attention of the lieutenant-general commanding has been directed to the large number of irresponsible parties wandering about the rear and flanks of the Federal army, who claim to be scouts of the Army of Northern Virginia. They do us no good, but by their practice of violating General Order, Numbers 60, in the robbery and maltreatment of Federal deserters, and by robbing prisoners and citizens, they bring disgrace and detriment to the service.

By orders from headquarters Army of Northern Virginia, all parties claiming to be scouts will be arrested who are not authorized by the cavalry commander or whose names are not sent to General Hampton from army headquarters.

The lieutenant-general commanding desires you to give such orders as will at once put a stop to this independent scouting. He thinks that two good scouts will be enough for your division and he wishes when you shall have selected them, to send up their names for proper authorization. Let them be specially instructed in their duties, and warned against the malpractices above spoken of. We may thus hope to give some system, order, and responsibility to the performance of the important duty of procuring information of the enemy's movements.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To division commanders.)

