
Colonel Cole does not know what number of cattle or what amount of provisions he can count upon, so as to make any arrangements to provide for those garrisons from stores that may come into his hands. I thinks that it would be better that the commissary of subsistence department should provide the desired supplies if practicable, and i respectfully ask that you will direct that it be done if it be in the power of that department to accomplish it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[First indorsement.]

OCTOBER 22, 1864.

To Commissary-General, for special attention. Confer with me.

J. A. S.

Secretary.

[Secretary indorsement.]

It has been provided for as well as possible.

Respectfully,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary of Subsistence.
HEADQUARTERS,October 21, 1864.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Charleston:

According to Signal Bureau, Richmond, this place will be attacked before 25th. Can you help in any way? Any aid acceptable.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, N. C., October 21, 1864.

Flag-Officer PINCKNEY,

Commanding Naval Forces, North Carolina, present;

FLAG-OFFICER: I have received the important information from the Signal Bureau, Richmond, that this place will be attacked between this and the 25th instant. If this be true, and I have reason to think it is, no time is to be lost. A large fleet is undoubtedly assembling at Beaufort. Although the Rips battery is incomplete, we are pressing it as fast as possible, and as we have already two powerful guns there, it will be well to prepare the naval garrison at once. I have telegraphed the Secretary of the Navy, requesting him to order the expedition on duty for guarding the mouth of the river, at least till they go, if they go at all. The tide will not suit them before the 28th. It is not likely that they will be able to go at all then. In the meantime, their presumed co-operation is of very great importance to us.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

