
withdrawal of a portion of the blockading force from Wilmington, in the pursuit of her. A cruise by the Chickamauga and Tallahassee against Northern coasts and commerce would at once withdraw a fleet of fast steamers from the blockading force off Wilmington in pursuit of them, and this result alone would render such a cruise expedient.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Memorandum.]

AIDE-DE-CAMP:

Please read these letters and prepare an answer to Governor Vance, stating case, but dealing in terms of cautious reserve.

J. D.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 251. Richmond, October 22, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VIII. First Lieutenant C. Y. Steptoe, adjutant Forty-fourth Virginia Infantry, will report to Lieutenant General R. S. Ewell, commanding, &amp;c., for temporary assignment to duty with Lieutenant-Colonel Shipp, commanding corps of cadets, at Camp Lee, near this city.

IX. The Quartermaster-General will designate an officer of his department who shall be charged with the purchase of all currency of the United States which may be needed for the purpose of the Government. In making purchases of currency said officer shall conform to the rate of exchange which shall be established from time to time by the Quartermaster-General. The currency thus purchased shall be issued only on the order of the Quartermaster-General, which shall prescribe the terms on which it is to be issued. It being expedient that there shall be but one purchaser of this currency, the wants of the other departments of the Government will, as far as practicable, be supplied under the foregoing regulations.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 22, 1864.

Lieutenant General A. P. HILL, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The new line to Hatcher's Run will be ready for occupation to-morrow, and as it will be important to hold this position I shall make some changes in my dispositions. I have ordered all of my dismounted men, except about eighty, to be placed on this line, but their number will not exceed 600 or 700. This is the only force that I can keep permanently in the trenches, but the regiment which is on picket in front has orders to fall back to the works, if pressed. General Dearing is also ordered to put his whole brigade there, if the enemy advances. This will put a force of from 1,600 to 1,800 men on this line. butler will hold the Rowanty Creek to a point below the Vaughan road, from Armstrong's Mill, and General Lee will picket the cree to the Halifax road, his division being held ready to move to any point. All my dismounted men will be withdrawn below the Vaughan road. I

