
infantry in completing a new line of works, which extends to Hatcher's Run. This work is now finished, and the disposition of my troops is as follows: Seven hundred men are in the trenches, their right resting on the creek about one mile and a half above Armstrong's Mill; Butler occupies the line from the latter point to Monk's Neck bridge, and Lee extends to the Halifax road. I have erected five dams in the creek, covering them with works on the south bank. These works and the dams will render this line very secure. Dearing is at Burgess' Mill, and he has orders, in case the enemy advances, to place his whole command at once in the trenches on the right of the infantry. To-day General Hill rode over the lines with me, and I proposed to him that he should hold them to the creek with his infantry and artillery. If he can do this-and he says that he can, if he can get 1,000 or 1,500 more men-i propose to place all my dismounted men (about 800) on the south bank of the creek, holding that line. The cavalry could then be concentrated in supporting distance, and if the enemy attack I can throw a force of from 400 to 4,000 men on his flank by crossing at one of my advance of the Yankee cavalry. If you can give General hill men enough to relieve mine now in the trenches, so as to enable me to carry out the plan suggested, I think that you need feel no uneasiness as to an attack on my right. I have carefully examined all the ground, and I feel sanguine of the success of such a movement as I have indicated. My command is growing stronger every day, and it is in good condition for a fight. Butler received 275 horses to-day and Lee can amount 2,500 men. If my command can be concentrated I shall be able to take upward of 5,000 men into action. We are using every effort not only to strengthen our lines, but to augment our numbers. In this connection, I beg to call your attention to the fact that many of the recruits now reporting for duty desire to join the cavalry, many of them having been in that service and now owning good horses. But these men have been assigned to the infantry. If the cavalry is not allowed to receive recruits now I fear there will be no other hope for its increase. The Tenth and Thirteenth Virginia regiments are small, and the officers assure me that they could be filled up if the new men were allowed to choose their arm of the service. The Ninth Virginia is already full, though many desire to join it still. As many men will be retired from disability from this regiment soon, I respectfully recommend that authority may be granted to Colonel Beale to receive additional recruits, so as to fill his regiment to the maximum. An order to Colonel Shields to send to me all the men who wish to join the cavalry, and who can mount themselves at once, would add greatly to our strength. This is so important a matter that I hope you will take prompt action on it.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., October 25, 1864.

Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: Your letter of the 14th instant entering your "most respectful and earnest remonstrance against the sailing of the two privateers from the port of Wilmington" has been received. The two vessels referred to are the steam sloops Tallahassee and Chickamauga, regularly commissioned and officered vessels of the provisional navy of the Con-

