
federate States and not privateers. From the official list before me I find but four, instead of "ten or twelve," disasters off the port of Wilmington from the sailing of the Tallahassee to the date of your letter, and the cause of the loss of some of them is known to be independent of the cruise of this ship. Our cruisers, though few in number, have almost swept the enemy's foreign commerce from the sea. Though the Tallahassee capture thirty-one vessels her service is not measured by, nor limited to, the value of these ships and cargoes and the number of her the consequent insecurity of the United States coastwise commerce, the detention and delay of vessels in port, and the augmentation of the rate of marine insurance, by which millions were added to the expense of commence and navigation, and the compulsory withdrawal of a portion of the blockading force from Wilmington in pursuit of her. A cruise by the Chickamauga and Tallahassee against Northern coasts and commerce would at once withdraw a fleet of fast steamers from the blockading force off wilmington in pursuit of them, and this result alone would render such a cruise expedient. It is the presence of these vessels in port which increases the rigor of the blockade. In case of an attack upon Wilmington they could avail nothing against the land attack and very little against the attack by vessels of war. Before sailing, however, General Bragg has been directed to confer fully with the naval commander upon this subject, and they, no doubt, will use their discretion as may best subserve the public interest.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, October 25, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: General D. H. Hill, an officer whose abilities in the field are highly esteemed in North Carolina, is now at home without employment, I would be greatly pleased if the could be put in command of the eastern portion of the Department of North Carolina, where there are a few regular troops and many militia now assembling. Should it not be your pleasure to give him this or some other command, I propose giving him such employment myself as I can find for him to do. Like a good and a gallant soldier, he expresses to me his great desire to serve anywhere or how his country.

Very respectfully,

Z. B. VANCE,

[First indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 2, 1864.

General R. E. Lee, for remarks, advisory.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,November 8, 1864.

General Hill is brave, watchful, and patriotic. He had command in North Carolina, but for some cause was relieved. I think while General Bragg is at Wilmington he had better be in command of that whole district, and have so recommended to the Secretary of War. I fear there may be a want of harmony between the two.

R. E. LEE,

General.

