
[Inclosure Numbers 10.]

CHARLESTON, April 16, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Owing to reduction of forces, I will leave this department with great concern, which would be much diminished if General Hill were ordered to relieve me, for since his arrival here he has been making himself acquainted with the forces and localities. My chief of staff i still quite sick and cannot be a t present of much assistance to General Jones. I am confident a positive order form the War Department would be obeyed with alacrity by General Hill.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[Inclosure Numbers 11.]

CHARLESTON, April 20, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

In accordance with my letter of the 9th instant, I will leave here on Monday, the 25th, unless counter orders should reach me before that time.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 12.]

DAVIDSON COLLEGE, N. C.

November 1, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

I have the honor to renew my monthly statement that I am awaiting orders at this place and prepared to obey promptly.

Very respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 254. Richmond, October 25, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XXII. Paragraph XXIII, Special Orders, Numbers 239, current series, assigning Lieutenant Colonel R. C. Smith to the command of the camp of the Maryland Line, near this city, is hereby revoked, and Lieutenant-Colonel Smith will report to Brigadier General W. M. Gardener, commanding, &amp;c., Richmond, Va., for assignment to the command of the military prison at Danville, Va.

* * * * * * *

XXIX. The second and third paragraphs of Special Orders, Numbers 161, current series, from this office, are amended so as to transfer Company B, Twentieth battalion Georgia Cavalry, to the Jeff. Davis Legion, in the place of Company D, Twentieth Battalion Georgia Cavalry, which is hereby transferred to the Eighth Georgia Cavalry (Colonel Griffin).

XXX. The ninth and eleventh paragraphs of Special Orders, Numbers 161, current series, from this office, are amended so as to transfer the

