
whom you believe to be incapable of mounting himself, that he may be handed over to the infantry. I hope the accession you will receive from this source may compensate to some extent for General Hill's want of men. The general authority to enlist in the cavalry that you propose cannot be granted, as it is absolutely necessary for us to fill up our infantry regiments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,October 26, 1864.

Major General C. W. FIELD,

Commanding Division:

The lieutenant-general commanding desires that you will so extend your line as to throw a good-sized regiment, say 300 men, immediately on the left of the Charles City road, and in connection with General Gary.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 27, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the signal message sent me by your order yesterday. I had supposed that General Grant would make some movement simultaneously with any attack on wilmington, to prevent re-enforcements being sent from here, and in that view I consider it important that in such an event General Hardee should re-enforce General Bragg with all his available troops, or, on the other hand, should Charleston and not Wilmington be the real point of attack General Bragg should aid General Hardee to the extent of his ability. It is very probable that whichever place is attacked a demonstration will be made against the other to detain the troops at either from the real point. The officers in command must judge which is the true movement and act accordingly. I think it would be well that the policy which they are to pursue should be made the subject of an order from the Department, directing the one not attacked to re-enforce the one who is with all the troops he can spare.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 28, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

You had better issue such instructions by telegraph as General Lee suggests and likewise write more fully explaining his desires.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

