SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 257. Richmond, October 28, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XXII. The two unattached companies commanded, respectively, by Capts. H. P. Allen and E. D. Snead will, when their places are supplied at Salisbury, N. C., proceed to Wilmington and report to General Bragg for temporary duty at that point.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN. W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[OCTOBER 28, 1864.-For Lee to Seddon, reporting engagements on the 27th, see Part I, p. 853.]

RICHMOND, VA., October 28, 1864.

General W. J. HARDEE,

Charleston, S. C.:

It is very probable that if Wilmington is seriously attacked, a demonstration will be made against Charleston. In such event the Secretary of War directs that you will re-enforce General Bragg, who is in command at Wilmington, with all the troops you can spare. But if Charleston should be the real point of attack, and only a feint made at Wilmington, General Bragg has been ordered to aid you to the same extent. There should be co-operation between you. I have written by mail explaining these views more fully.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

TORPEDO BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., October 29, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to the wishes of the President expressed on 10th instant, I proceeded next day to our lines and had a conference with some of our general officers, and indoctrinated them into the use of the subterra shells. They now gladly avail themselves of this means of defense, so that we have planted 600 in front of our works and sixty more yesterday probably, mostly around Fort Gilmer and near Battery Harrison, and have daily calls for more. The objections to these subterra shells have been met by placing them in lines, with a small red flag, three feet in rear of each, to be removed at night and when threatened with attack, to be restored by daylight, and when necessary to keep our own men off, so that we shall soon be enabled to withdraw our veterans for more active service in the field, supplying their places with inferior troops. I have sent some of these shell, and men adepts in their use, to Colonel Mosby at the request of General R. E. Lee, also torpedoes to Brigadier-General Baker at Golds-borough at request, two officers and men to Wilmington at request of

