
Major-General Whiting, who telegraphs for torpedoes likewise, which are being sent, and we are about to answer a call from the Navy for subterra shells to guard land approaches at certain places. I am left again without officers, except my aide and assistant adjutant-general. These shells are now appreciated, and I now have more calls for their use than I can possibly fulfill, which shows emphatically the necessity of my having a school of officers here to be instructed and the men required to carry our efforts into effect.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. J. RAINS,

Brigadier-General, Superintendent.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 258. Richmond, October 29, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XXV. Brigadier General W. S. Walker, Provisional Army, C. S., will report to General L. S. Baker for assignment to duty in command of the post at Weldon, N. C.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,October 29, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The operations of Thursday must have developed the feasibility of a grand attack upon either of the points on my left. In view of the damaging effects of the late operations upon the prospects of the present Yankee administration, and the importance of some decided success before the approaching election, I am apprehensive of a formidable effort to break through my line at an early moment. If I am obliged to stretch out my line as much as I did on Thursday a grand attack must go through it. I suggest, therefore, that all of the negro force we have and all that is at work around Richmond be put at work to build a line from the battery on the Charles City road to the point where the enemy last crossed White oak Swamp. I think that I might hold such a line until I could get re-enforcements. The other crossings of the swamp can be held by cavalry for some time. * * *

Most of this new line could be put up to-morrow if all of the negroes were put to work at it. If they can be sent I would be advised, so as to make my line of skirmishers stronger in front of that part of the line.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

[OCTOBER 29, 1864.- For Lee to Seddon, reporting operations at Rowanty Creek, &c., see Part I, p. 854.]

