HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 31, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: Some time since I recommended that a battalion of cavalry, or more, if it could be spared, be sent from South Carolina to the vicinity of Wilmington to take the place of several detached companies belonging to regiments in this army which are very much needed here. It is of great importance that General Bragg should have some cavalry in the vicinity of Wilmington, and I hope arrangements will be made to send this from South Carolina if it can be spared as soon as practicable. The First Second South Carolina regiments which formerly belonged to this army might spare the desired force, and they are veteran troops accustomed to severe picket duty.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 31, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Give the orders necessary to effect the exchanges advised by General Lee.

J. A. S.

Secretary.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 259. Richmond, October 31, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XVIII. Major J. C. Sexton, commissary of subsistence of the old Stonewall Brigade, will, without delay, relieve Major Thomas E. Ballard as commissary of Gordon's division, Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia. Major Ballard on being relieved will report immediately to General R. E. Lee, commanding, for assignment to duty as chief commissary of Anderson's corps, Army of Northern Virginia.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,October 31, 1864.

Colonel C. MARSHALL,

Aide-de-Camp:

COLONEL: Your note of yesterday evening was duly received, and the information, with the necessary instructions, communicated. Nothing further has been heard of the movement reported by General Ewell. Please remind the commanding general of his promise to get my corps together. The efficiency of the two divisions that tare here would be much improved by putting them together; and the efficiency of the division that is in the Valley would be improved, probably fourfold, by uniting it with the other two. In addition to these advantages my line would be so strengthened as to enable me to resist with some

75 R R-VOL XLII, PT III

