
PETERSBURG, VA., November 1, 1864.

Hon SECRETARY OF WAR:

General Baker reports that the enemy, having passed up Middle River, came down the Roanoke on the morning of the 31st and attacked the forts at Plymouth in front. He fought them until they had passed the first fort, and dismounted the guns in the others. He then withdrew his command from Plymouth, with small loss, to Rainbow Bend, and from Washington to Greenville.

R. E. LEE,
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 1, 1864. (Received 10.40 a. m.)

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

General Lee moves his headquarters to Petersburg to-day. Communications should be addressed to him there.

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, [November -, 1864.]

Brigadier General M. W. GARY,Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

General Longstreet directs that you direct the officer in charge of the company of cavalry from your brigade, sent sometime since to watch the North Anna and Pamunkey, to push out a good scouting party beyond the Rappahannock. That portion of the Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry scouting recently in that direction has been withdrawn, and it has become necessary to call on your command for this duty. The engineer department are engaged in removing the iron from the Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad, and it is important to have scouts out to give notice of the approach of the enemy.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSMAN LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-Genera.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 2, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: After using the most strenuous efforts to mount my men there will still be a large number who will be unable to procure horses. These could be organized into regiments to from a brigade to act as infantry with the cavalry. I think that a large brigade might be formed, the officers to be appointed by the President. When the cavalry is stationary, as at present, this brigade could occupy the works. when we are in motion it could constitute a guard for the trains. In a fight it would be of material service to the cavalry. When it captures horses men could be mounted on them and transferred back to the cavalry,

