HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 1, 1864-9 a. m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS:

No changes in the lines of this corps during the last twenty-four hours. Mortars have been put in position by the enemy opposite Fort McGilvery and Battery Numbers 9, from which they fired a few shots last night. Firing has been kept up during the past twenty-four hours on the new works which the enemy are building opposite our right.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 1, 1864-9.10 a. m. (Received 10.12 a. m.)

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Mott's division has been entirely withdrawn from line except his pickets. No change reported in enemy's line. Petersburg papers of the 29th forwarded. Chief of artillery reports that during the cannonade yesterday evening the enemy replied more feebly than usual. Two 8-inch guns to right and left of Fort Morton appear to have been removed; at least, they have not fired for two days.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 1, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

The major-general commanding directs that General Mott's division be sent to General Parke at the Peebles house, near Poplar Spring Church. He will report to General Parke. He will not need any artillery. Trains of cars will take his troops to the Weldon railroad close to Warren's headquarters, where they will give him some one to show him the road to Peebles'. Mott's troops should be got at once to the woods near his headquarters, where there is a railroad station. Those on the plank road should be brought to the station near Jones' house. Sixty cars will be ordered-all there are on the road.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 1, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

There were two divisions of Hill attacking Parke and Warren yesterday. Butler reports that at least one of Hill's divisions was in the attack on him, and is inclined to believe there were at least two of Hill's divisions there, as well as Hoke's and Field's divisions, leaving two divisions of Lee's army south of the Appomattox, what, with the forces before Butler and before our left, that in the intrenchments must be weak.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

