HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 8, 1864 - 4.15 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac, Headquarters Ninth Corps:

Two prisoners from Sixteenth North Carolina, Scales' brigade, Wilcox's division, sent in by the Fifth Corps, state all the brigades of Wilcox's division are on this side the Appomattox. Scales' and Anderson's (formerly of Field's division) are not far from the lead-works, while Lane's and McGowan's, they say, are some distance off on their right, with Heth's division. They represent the cavalry to be connecting with their right. Thomas' brigade, when they last heard of it, was north of the Appomattox. This was some time ago. Thomas and Anderson are represented to have exchanged. This disposition of the troops agrees with the statement of the two deserters from Lane's brigade sent in yesterday by General Parke.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

October 8, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Two deserters have just been forwarded from the headquarters Ninth Army Corps. They came into our lines this a. m. at sunrise. One from the Fourteenth South Carolina, McGowan's brigade, states that he left his brigade about half a mile to the west of the Jones house and about half a mile from the plank road (Boydton). Lane's brigade was on the right of McGowan's, these two brigades being all of Wilcox's division in that vicinity. Part of Heth's division on the left of McGowan's brigade. Only knows of Archer's brigade being there. The one from the Eleventh North Carolina, Kirkland's brigade, of Heth's division, states that his brigade (Kirkland's) is on the extreme right of the infantry line and joins the cavalry; Davis' brigade next on the left, then Cooke's joining Davis'. No other infantry on the right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. BABCOCK.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,October 8, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following dispatch from the plank road station is respectfully forwarded:

At sundown a considerable force of infantry was in line between the lead-works and point of woods northwest of station. I can form no idea of their numbers. The column appears through openings in the timber at different points from near lead-works to half a mile to the right, but neither end is visible, nor do they give any indication as to the direction they will move. There was also additional evidence of movements on our left, a continual rising of dust seen between sundown and dark in vicinity of the fort west of the Weldon railroad.

