
C. P. Grady, W. F. Hullehen; Chambliss' brigade, Captain J. V. H. Nash; B. T. Johnson's brigade, Capts. W. K. Martin, C. R. W. Radford; Wharton's brigade, Captain C. A. De Russy. First Corps artillery (General Alexander), Capts. S. Winthrop, J. C. Haskell; Third Corps artillery (Colonel R. L. Walker), Capts. W. W. Chamberlaine, Richard Walke; Artillery Corps, Army of Northern Virginia (General A. L. Long), Captain W. A. Percy.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,Petersburg, Va., November 4, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. H. ANDERSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The proposition presented to me, I find on examination, is as follows: To hold 7,636 yards of our line with the whole of my division, or to hold five-sevenths of that distance with half of my division, the five-sevenths of the line to be held by half of the division being much the most dangerous and difficult part to hold. I am very desirous of getting even half of my division out of the trenches. It would be a great advantage to the troops this winter, especially in point of discipline and drill, but the proposition presented to me are so unequal that with the alternative at my discretion I can only accept that to extend to Lieutenant Run. If acceptable, I will hold one-half the distance from the Appomattox to the point where Lieutenant Run crosses our breast-works with half my command, and will take that half of the line most difficult to hold.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, November 4, 1864.

General BRAGG,

Commanding, &c., Wilmington:

GENERAL: Such indication as we can collect, more or less to be relied on, point to Fort Fisher and the left bank of the Cape Fear as the object of the enemy's proposed attack. Evidently it is the opinion of the enemy that Fort Fisher not only commands the entrance of New Inlet, but also the river inside. Its fall would necessarily involve that of the other forts as well as close the port, hence they will naturally prefer to take it first. You are aware how easy is access to any point on the left bank of the Cape Fear between the city and Confederate Point, and would be the consequence of occupation by the enemy. We will have, in addition, to meet the newly arranged chain-covered wooden ships, found at Mobile to be less vulnerable and more formidable, as easier managed and carrying more guns than the monitors. Some of these may, in the naval attack, succeed in passing the forts. A junction between them and the land force on the left bank of the Cape

76 R R - VOL XLII, PT III

