
their officers. In the meantime, your men can move, use, and practice with the three 10-pounder columbiad guns, which are now mounted, and make such shift with what quarters and conveniences we have put up, as circumstances for the present will admit. I would much prefer to turn everything over to you complete, but which the great pressure upon me now for labor at so many important points I am compelled to place first the new battery in condition to be fought with effect and to wait awhile before putting up all the conveniences which you will require. I trust your officers and men will understand and appreciate this. It is hardly necessary to say that the point they will occupy is one of the most important in your system of defense, and must be held at all hazards and to the last extremity. I shall do all in my power to make it tenable, and shall rely implicitly on your people to fight it. I understand that the enemy are covering their wooden ships with chain armor. This is very formidable and effective, and may enable many of them, unless obstructed, to pass the forts of the army. You will have the defense of a narrow and difficult pass and one of the last importance as regards the harbor. The command will be exclusive naval, as much so as if the defensive force was in a ship-of-war at anchor off the Rip. I have only to request a general compliance with standing regulations. The commanding officer at Fort Fisher understands this, and is ready to co-operate and extend every aid in his power. It will probably be necessary, considering the limited number of men which will be at your disposal, for the land picket duty to be performed by the garrison of Fort Fisher.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 265. Richmond, Va., November 7, 1864.

* * * * * * * XVIII. Brigadier General H. H. Walker, Provisional Army, C. S., will report to Lieutenant General R. S. Ewell for assignment to duty as a member of the general court-martial of the Department of Richmond.

* * * * * * * By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,November 7, 1864.

Major General R. F. HOKE,

Commanding Division:

General longstreet directs that you use every exertion to get your scouts in rear of the enemy to-night, and if possible find out what they are doing and what the movement last night meant. Whatever information you obtain please send up as quick as possible. You are also directed to put all of your axes at work at daylight to-morrow morning, felling all the trees within 1,000 yards of your lines in front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSMAN LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major General C. W. Field.)

