HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,November 7, 1864.

General W. H. WALLACE,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to request you to please convey to Captain Woodruff and the detachment of the Holcombe Legion with which he carried the enemy's picket-line in front of the Crater on the night of the 5th instant his high appreciation of their gallant conduct. Their casualties and the length of time during which they held the captured works under a severe fire is ample proof of discipline, determined perseverance, and courage alike honorable to men and officers, and these qualities are among the greatest upon which the best hopes of our country and the distinguished reputation of the command can rest.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. FOOTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ELLIOTT'S Brigadier, JOHNSON'S DIV., Numbers 20. November 7, 1864.

The heroism displayed by the detachment of the Holcombe Legion, South Carolina Volunteers, in storming the works of the enemy on the night before last, and the steadiness with which they met a most galling fire from the enemy without the power of retorting upon them after the works were carried, entitles the officers and men of whom it was composed to a high meed of praise and to the thanks of their brigadier-general. The brigadier-general commanding, in common with the rest of their comrades in arms of the brigade, deeply deplores the loss of the brave officers and men who fell in the assault. Their conduct, and that of their companions who survived, again illustrates the courage and constancy that had before so honorably distinguished their corps.

By command of Brigadier-General Wallace:

A. L. EVANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 8, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to submit for your consideration, as suggested by General Lee, the accompanying form of a bill* proposed for the action of Congress respecting the organization of our field artillery. The necessity for some such bill is serious and has long been felt in our artillery service. It arises from the fact that essential as our battalion organization has been found, its efficiency is much [impaired] by the

---------------

* Inclosure not found ; but in connection with the subject, see Pendleton to Davis, Vol. XXXVI, Part III, p. 880.

---------------

