
KINSTON, November 9, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

A good scout from New Berne reports that an attack is certain on Wilmington. General Weitzel is to command. They will land on the sound and attack Fort Fisher in the rear.

C. LEVENTHORPE,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, VA., November 10, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: I accept your recommendation in relation to General Bragg, and will thank you to have an order issued assigning him to the command of North Carolina, as heretofore recommended by General Lee.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFF'N DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, November 10, 1864.

Colonel TANSILL,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General, Present:

COLONEL: I wish you temporarily to take command at Masonborough. In the importance of the present emergency I have to rely upon you especially. You will take Colonel Shober's regiment, Major Reilly's battalion, including Company K, Tenth Regiment, the nine companies of Senior Reserves, and Captain Paris' battery for the present; other troops will be sent you as rapidly as I can gather them. You will occupy the position and camps which will be evacuated by Colonel Jackson. He moves with his present command (Paris excepted, and the pickets northeast of Wrightsville) to the Sugar loaf to support Fort Fisher. You will communicate with him on your right and keep up your picket-lines. You will retain the 12-pounder Whitworth and attach it for the present to Paris' battery. We have received information which tallies with that [which] has been previously known of the enemy's plans. Weitzel is to command the troops. They are to attempt a landing along or above the sound, establish a lodgment on the river, and attack Fort Fisher from the rear. There is but little doubt that this will be their movement, and all in our power must be done to resist it. Make your officers and men familiar with the coast and the locality. I am sure that I need make no further suggestion to an officer of your experience than I am satisfied the enemy's advance is in a forward state of preparation, if not altogether ready. Orders have been sent to Colonel Shober and Major Reilly to be in readiness to move at once. Please to see that the whole command marches together. Colonel Jackson will maintain the same picket guards to-night as heretofore. As he is ordered to move to-day, it will be well for you to see him and make your arrangements for relief and co-operation as soon as you can.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

