HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, November 10, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE JACKSON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Masonborough:

COLONEL: I wish you to move with your command, leaving Paris' battery and your pickets to the eastward, and move to the head of the sound. Captain Adams will report to you there with his battery. Information received renders it probable that attack is imminent, and that Fort Fisher will be the present object. Weitzel is said to be in command of the troops of the enemy designed to operate here, and his plan is reported to be landing on the sound and attacking Fort Fisher in the rear. Large sea-going ships of war, too large to attempt an entrance, will no doubt be used to cover the landing with their heavy fire, and it is no doubt most probable that they will select a point for landing as near to Fort Fisher as possible, both to give them a shorter line of attack and to enable them more securely to establish themselves on the river and thus cut off communication. Captain Hawks, Engineer Corps, is engaged in preparing defensive works from Sugar Loaf to Fort Fisher. You will at once make yourself thoroughly familiar with the localities, approaches, and lines of communication, about the intrenched camp at Sugar Loaf and toward the beach. Captain Hawks is engaged in perfecting a line of infantry communication, screened from enemy's observation by the bushes and sand-hills, together with a parallel line of artillery. You should keep up your picket communication with Colonel Tansill, who will succeed you at Masonborough. Your forces should be disposed between the Sugar Loaf, Battery Gatlin, and Battery Anderson. No doubt attempt may be made to land at night. The utmost of your vigilance and endurance will be taxed, and you must do all in your power to make promptness and activity supply the place of numbers. Whenever you post companies or guards, cause them to throw up a breast-work or cover toward the sea for their protection. Hold them always in readiness to turn out under arms at any moment. Do not permit any of the trees inside the lines at Sugar Loaf to be cut down. A telegraph instrument will be provided for you at Sugar Loaf. All the troops (Adams' battery included) should be posted where they cannot be observed from sea. Take care to make your men stand the shelling of the men of war. It makes more noise than damage. You must fight a landing to the utmost.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, November 10, 1864.

General BRAGG:

The scout had a letter from New York. The fleet was to leave Fortress Monroe on Friday last.

C. LEVENTHORPE,

Brigadier-General.

