
[First indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 21, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

This order was not intended to remove General Bragg from his position here, but only to enlarge the territory of his temporary command. I understand it has been differently construed.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 21, 1864.

Major RIELY:

This should have gone to Colonel Withers. I showed it to General C[ooper], who thinks no additional order is necessary; that the President's indorsement is only intended for the information of the Department.

H. L. C[LAY].
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, November 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General HEBERT, Commanding, &amp;c., Smithville:

GENERAL: I wish you would send to Fisher the remaining company of the Thirty-sixth Regiment. I sent last night by courier a drawing to Hawks of the projected work which we will call Fort Ramseur. It will govern his general construction, but as I had not a plat of the ground, and designed only from my note-book, he should, of course, modify the details suitably. I have already, on reflection, as I telegraphed, changed the north front by holding the interior crest in the same plane with that of the sea front and increasing the northwest half bastion, upon which a gun should be mounted. The rear, which is indicated only for stockade at present, should be of earth and pretty strong. I must consider the question of armament and prepare accordingly, though I apprehend that we will hardly have time allowed us. With regard to the other work which Hawks is doing, in addition to the picket road along the sand-hills, I think a light infantry breastwork ought to be made for some distance, about 300 yards from high-water mark or upon the swell of the land stretching from the woods above and behind Lamb's quarters as far up the beach as time will permit us to-construct. We might put up a third or half a mile of such a light line covering that part of the neck which Iverson laid bare of trees. It occurs to me as likely that the enemy might select that point to land as affording them a pretty clear view of the river, only half a mile distant, and by the wooded swamp behind Lamb's a screen from Fort Fisher. Such a move, however, is likely only in case we are not able to put up Fort Ramseur in condition. That work, if completed, ought, I think, to force them to some point above. Colonel Jackson will, of course, take Adams' battery, and the charge of Gatlin and Anderson as they are now, but Colonel Lamb should continue his beach pickets, while Colonels Jackson and Tansill will continue the line parallel on the mainland. They should communicate constantly and closely. A telegraph office should be established at Sugar Loaf. Colonel Jackson has been directed whenever he posts a company or guard, or light battery as outposts on the edge of the woods to cause them to cover themselves with a breast-work. With regard to Fisher proper I have some suggestions to make. One hundred negroes ought to be sent to Lamb from other works to commence the redoubt and its communications. Two of the faces of the

