
ants of each battalion can be assigned, and there really seems to me a decides advantage that the adjutant be in the line rather than on the staff. It is not be excepted that a man of talent and ambition will be content to be shelved by a staff appointment with the rank of lieutenant. By assignment the best talent among the lieutenants may at all times be commanded, and yet the acting adjutant have the stimulus of excepted promotion. The only point on which I think legislation is really needed is in allowing higher rank to the generals of artillery. Major-generals, at least, should be assignable to artillery service, or major-generals of artillery be directly appointed. I would prefer the former, but will cheerfully recommend either plan. I hope there will be no serious difficulty in obtaining proper legislation on that point. I shall be happy if further reflection induces accordance of views between us.

Very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, November 12, 1864.

Captain HAWKS, Engineer Department, Sugar Loaf:

CAPTAIN: I sent you a drawing for Fort Ramseur. Already, I shall have to modify it. Not having a plat of the ground, I designed it in general only. The north front ought to be held at the same height and thickness of parapet as the sea front, and the bastion northwest to be increased, especially on the flank. I will indicate these alternations to you when I come down. A light line of infantry breast-works ought to be put up, stretching on the swell of the land, or about 300 yards from the beach, from Iverson's lines to cover that part of the woods he laid bare of trees. That point might be chosen for a landing. Call Colonel Jackson's attention to orders prohibiting trees from being cut inside the camp at Sugar Loaf. The abatis on the outer slopes should not be used for firewood. All that should be cut from the woods outside.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, November 12, 1864.

Brigadier General L. S. BAKER, Commanding, &amp;c., Goldsborough:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to communicate to you the following infirmation, received to-day from our most reliable scout, under date of the 11th instant, as follows:

Enemy have re-enforced at New Berne; to what extent is not known, but thought to be limited as yet. General Palmer has just returned to New Berne from Fortress Monroe. One of General Grant's aides visited New Berne and remained three days. Yankees speak freely of a combined land and naval attack on Wilmington. Indications of preparation for a cavalry raid are not wanting, but destination not known. The major-general commanding directs me say that he is of the opinion that an attempt will be made on the railroad by cavalry via Kinston, simultaneously with the attack on this place.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers S. FAIRLY,

Aide-de-Camp.

