SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 277. Richmond, November 22, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. Company D, Thirty-fifth Battalion Virginia Cavalry, is hereby disbanded. The members of this company are permitted to join such other companies of the battalion as they may select; but failing to make such selection, they will be promptly distributed among the other companies of the battalion by the brigade general commanding.

III. The First Battalion North Carolina Reserves, with the unattached company, commanded by Captain W. R. Williams, which is hereby added thereto, will constitute the Second Regiment North Carolina Reserves.

IV. The ten companies comprising the Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth Battalions of North Carolina Reserves, as organized under the orders of Lieutenant-General Holmes, will constitute the Third Regiment North Carolina Reserves.

V. The organization of the Eighth Battalion of North Carolina Reserves (Millard's), consisting of three companies, is hereby reorganized [recognized] and made the action of the War Department. It will hereafter be designated as the First Battalion North Carolina Reserves.

VI. The First, Second, and Third Regiments, with the First Battalion North Carolina Reserves, will constitute a brigade.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS,

November 22, 1864.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding:

GENERAL: Your letter of yesterday is received. My idea was, that the move, if begun on our right, should be to turn the enemy's works and push on vigorously for his depot. This move could be made, I think, with a corps, and would drive the enemy from his works as it progressed. It would have the advantage of producing the impression that we were moving to meet the grand move of the enemy, and would probably be safer, if we should be so unfortunate as not to attain the success that we may reasonably except. In case that this is adopted and I should make the move, it will probably be better to leave General Kershaw here, as his transportation is not here, and his troops are not yet in prime condition. I should then have General Pickett, if possible; if not, General B. R. Johnson's division. I have great confidence, however, in the success of the operations, if begun on this side and the south side at the same time. If this is chosen, I will only need one of Pickett's brigades to hold part of my line, whilst I turn the enemy's position with the three divisions. If you determine to attack the enemy's lines in front of Petersburg I think that you could get them more readily by driving his pickets in the night before making the attack and throwing up during the night a series of French [cavaliers], which would enable your sharpshooters to keep down the enemy's gunners and his infantry behind his works. I send this by Major Fairfax, that he may see you and ascertain whether it will be practicable for me to meet you before your return to Petersburg.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

