HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,November 23, 1864.

Major General C. W. FIELD,

Commanding Division:

General Gary has been instructed to keep a strong picket force at White's Tavern, on the Charles City road, connecting with the line of pickets down White Oak Swamp, covering the Williamsburg road. If any attempt should be made by the enemy to cross the swamp where they did before General Gary has been instructed to notify you, when you will re-enforce him by a sufficiently strong infantry force, and, if necessary, artillery to make enough resistance to develop the strength and intentions of the enemy. General Gary scouts frequently down the Williamsburg road, which is, however, covered by his pickets.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,November 23,

Brigadier-General GARY,

Commanding Cavalry, North Side:

Colonel Bass, commanding Texas Brigade, reports that on the evening of the 21st two mounted scouts of the enemy were seen on the Charles City road, in full view of and not more than half a mile from our breast-works. I had supposed your pickets were as low down as White's Tavern. General Longstreet wishes you to have a strong picket force at that point connecting with the line of pickets down White Oak Swamp. I the enemy should make demonstrations or attempt to force their way through, notify General Field, after making all the resistance you can, who will send an infantry force to your assistance, and, if necessary, some artillery. The object will be to develop the enemy's intention. General Field has received his instructions. You will send scouting parties out on the Williamsburg road frequently.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA,

Numbers 3. Wilmington, November 23, 1864.

I. By direction of General Bragg the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Department of North Carolina.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., November 23, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Augusta, Ga.:

The law which restricts reserve troops to service within their State has been suspended for sixty days. I did not suppose those at Wilmington could be spared. You will exercise a large discretion in the disposition of the forces which may be made available.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

