
well not to move any of the troops from here till we discover what the enemy's designs are. When he moves on your sided I think he will on this flank also, and his display upon your flank may be for the purpose of fixing our attention there.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,November 24, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel JOHNSON,

Engineer, &amp;c.:

General Longstreet desires me to say to you that he thinks the dams sufficiently completed now for you to leave them for the present, and use your whole negro force in running a light field line down White Oak Swamp and parallel with it. He wishes you to locate your line in the morning as advantageously as possible, so as to cover the road leading across the swamp from Mrs. Hobson's and also the road leading up the swamp on the east side. When you have located put the negro force to work on it. It is not intended for it to be a very heavy line, but only a light field-work.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILMINGTON, [November 24, 1864].

Major-General JONES:

General Bragg has gone to Augusta. Has taken every available man - half my garrison.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN No. 71. VIRGINIA, November 24, 1864.

I. In accordance with orders from army headquarters, Brigadier General P. M. B. Young will proceed to Augusta, Ga., in charge of a detachment of men to procure horses. He will report to the commanding officer of that place to assist in its defense. He will collect and rendezvous at Augusta all men from the command now absent in Georgia and South Carolina. He will use his men as long as is necessary for the defence of Augusta or such other point in Georgia as may be deemed by the officer commanding in that locality indispensable, and when the present emergency has passed he will allow the men to go, under suitable officers, to their homes to procure horses and return to their commands in Virginia in as short a time as practicable. When he has made these dispositions he will reporting person at these headquarters.

By command of General Hampton:

H. B. McCLELLAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

