HEADQUARTERS,November 26, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Your letter* of the 24th is just received. A deserter from the Tenth Corps came to us on the 23rd and reports that corps on this side. I do not feel confident of holding the line on this side with Kershaw's division and a brigade of Pickett's division, as long as the enemy has two corps here to operate with against me. I hope, however, that we may be able, when he begins his movement, to judge with greater accuracy as to what we may best do. If the enemy leaves but one corps here I think that we may turn his extreme left, after his column has passed on toward Burkeville, with reasonable hope of great results. If, however, his move is for the South Side Railroad I think that it would be better to operate defensively on the south side and offensively on this side, particularly so if the enemy should move out and attempt to operate against us, as he, in all probability, will do. There are five deserters from the Tenth Corps just in. They confirm the report that the corps has not been moved from this side, and they confirm the information that you have in regard to the troops that were landed on the 17th.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

November, N. C., November 26, 1864.

Commanding officers at Masonborough, Sugar Loaf, and Smithville, in Third Military District, will aid Major Davis to carry out his instructions as to election of field officers in the reserves. The field officers are to be elected by the company officers. For this purpose the officers will be assembled without warning, paper provided, and their votes taken at once, and without their leaving the place of assembly. Electioneering will not be permitted, as unnecessary and demoralizing.

By command of Major-General Whiting:

JAS. H. HILL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,November 27, 1864.

Brigadier General E. P. ALEXANDER,

Commanding, and Chief of Artillery:

General Longstreet desires you to procure the Armstrong guns promised you as soon as you possibly can. He wishes to use them on the Charles City road in case the enemy should attempt to cross the White Oak Swamp. He thinks the timber is now being cut down, so as to give them a long and clear sweep.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

