
WAR DEPARTMENT, ORDNANCE BUREAU,

Richmond, November 28, 1864.

General WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding Cavalry, Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: Desirous as I am to add to the efficiency of the cavalry of the Confederate Army, the propriety of importing improved weapons has suggested itself to me, and arrangements had already been made for their purchase and introduction. As the necessity appears to be urgent, however, it might be advisable to send abroad an officer charged specially with the selection and purchase of the arms required for this branch of the service, and I write to ask that will designate a suitable person (you might name one or more for selection), a cavalry officer, one of experience, to be charged with this special duty.

I am, respectfully,

J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,November 28, 1864.

Captain S. D. SHANNON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: A deserters, who came in on General Ransom's line last night, states that during last week General Grant visited the Federal picket-line on the City Point road, and that after his examination he was heard to say that there was a rumor among some of the commissioned officers that an attack was to be made on our line somewhere between the Crater and the river. He stated that their men are badly sheltered; that they had not constructed winter quarters, and that their line of works was in bad condition. He did not think that the enemy were mining our works on Hare's Hill or any other place. This evening, between 5 and 6 o'clock, the enemy fired one ball from Battery No. 1 into the city, the first for several weeks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

PETERSBURG, VA., November 29, 1864.

Honorable J. A. Seddon:

General Pickett reports that three monitors and land batteries of the enemy engaged battery at Howlett's this morning. One of the monitors was struck several times by our guns. Two have withdrawn. No casualties on our side reported.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,November 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Petersburg:

General Lee's telegram, concerning movements of troops to his left, just received. Will be on the alert. Our scouts have reported no movements in our front as yet.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

