HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, November 29, 1864.

Colonel LIPSCOMB,

Commanding Masonborough:

COLONEL: You the charged with the command from the Virginia Creek lines, twenty miles to the eastward, to the ground occupied by Colonel Jackson's pickets south of you along Masonborough Sound. First. Establish the headquarters of your regiment near Masonborough, selecting a good camp for the health of horses and men, shelter, water, supply of fuel and easy access. To this end make the camp for the present temporary, and reconnoiter the coast thoroughly from Sugar Loaf upward by yourself and your officers, for the purpose of finding the best localities and becoming familiar with the sounds, creeks, and roads.

Second. One company should always be on picket duty at Virginia Creek; with this you can communicate by telegraph. Its commanding officer should forward dispatches from the cavalry in front and maintain the courier line from Golding Place, on the Onslow road, to the city.

Third. Your infantry pickets will be maintained on the system established by Colonel Tansill, and you will, in addition, post cavalry vedettes along the sound. Your cavalry pickets should communicate with Colonel Jackson's outposts. Frequently patrols should be sent out by night. They should watch for persons endeavoring to communicate with enemy, arrest all person moving about the lines or coast without proper authority, observe suspicious lights, put a stop to all saltworks, which keep up fires or work at night.

Fourth. Give special attention to the discipline and drill of your whole command, efficiency and care of horses, both artillery and cavalry, and especially to the behavior of the men in camp. Depredations and straggling about the country away from camps is strictly forbidden, and all officers will be held accountable. Permission to visit the city will be given only by yourself and in writing.

Fifth. Make regular reports by telegraph every morning of condition, whether vessels are off, movements of enemy, blockade-running vessels, or anything unusual.

Sixth. Detail your officers,successively in twos or threes, to find out the country, roads, and communications between the Northeast River, city, and coast.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., November 30, 1864.

General R. E. LEE, Petersburg, Va.:

General Bragg telegraphs on 29th instant that General Jones reports that two guns-boats, with transports, are landing troops on Broad River; four guns-boats, with transports and barges, at junction of Pocotaligo with Broad River. He adds, as this movement relieves Wilmington, might not some of the North Carolina reserves be sent to General Jones? All which is communicated for your information and for such action on the proposition as you may deem advisable.

By order of the President:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

