
PETERSBURG, November 30, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The troops landing on Broad River must be those operating in Charleston harbor, conveying provisions to Sherman, and should be opposed by Jones. They have not gone from here, to the best of my knowledge. I do not see how Wilmington is thereby released. From Whiting's report of the troops taken by Bragg I do not think more can be spared from Wilmington. The roads that will be used by Sherman from Savannah River to Pocotaligo should be blocked and the fords guarded.

R. E. LEE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 284. Richmond, November 30, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XXV. The brigade known as H. H. Walker's Virginia brigade, Army of Northern Virginia, is hereby disbanded, and the regiments which compose it will be assigned to other Virginia brigades in that army under the direction of the general commanding.

XXVI. The brigade (Army of Northern Virginia) known as Johnson's old Tennessee brigade is hereby united with Archer's brigade, of Heth's division. The necessary additional orders will be issued from headquarters Army of Northern Virginia.

* * * * * * *

XLIV. In addition to the duties prescribed in paragraph I, Special Orders, Numbers 236, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, Colonel W. A. Parham, Forty-first Regiment Virginia Volunteers, is assigned as commandant of post at Hicksford, Va., to relieve Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Garnett, who, on being relieved, will proceed, without delay, to headquarters Army of Tennessee, and report to the general commanding for assignment to artillery duty.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,November 30, 1864.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your telegram is received. You had better send me one of Pickett's brigades as soon as possible, and have a division near the railroad to re-enforce me if necessary. There is no indication of a move against us yet. The enemy's vedettes are so near together that we cannot get within his lines. May not the Ninth Corps have gone off along the coast somewhere? I will advise you as soon as there is any development here.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

