HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,December 1, 1864.

Brigadier General E. P. ALEXANDER,

Chief of Artillery, First Corps:

GENERAL: I took to Colonel Corley, in person, your application of 28th ultimo for a quartermaster to supply the temporary battalion, composed of two batteries - one from McIntosh and the other from Pegram, of the Third Corps - now under command of Major M. Johnson, The colonel informed me that so far from having an officer of the kind to assign, he is in need of many to fill existing demands. I then went to General Lee to express my views to him, and to learn his wishes. He was out on the lines, so that I did not see him; but Colonel Taylor informed me again that Owen's battalion was more likely to be needed here than on your line. I then called at Colonel Walker's quarters, and directed him to send over as soon as possible all the transportation to which these two batteries are entitled. You may, therefore, expect the wagons very soon. I was not aware that any had been left here. One more provision will be necessary to keep these companies in proper condition, viz, to attach them temporarily to another command, so as to be supervised by its commander and supplied by its quartermaster. The captaincies being vacant, and Major Johnson apparently much absent, adequate provision seems required for them. Hardaway's is, I think, the best command, then, to attach them to. I would myself issue the order, but there may be some reason against it and in favor of some other attachment. I therefore leave to you this arrangement, only indicating that unless you find adequate reason for some other attachment of Johnson's command or some other effectual arrangement, it should be temporarily attached to Lieutenant-General Hardaway's command.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

[DECEMBER 2, 1864.- For Lee to Seddon, reporting skirmish at Stony Creek Station on December 1, see Part I, p. 854.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,December 3, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

General Longstreet request me to say to you that two deserters from the Tenth Corps, who came in yesterday, reported that an attack was to be made on our lines soon; that the canal is to be completed by blowing open the ends, and at the same time an explosion is to take place under one of our forts, near the river, at which time the attack is to occur. Should you deem this reliable, General Longstreet thinks you had best arrange an interior line of defense. The engineer officers are instructed to procure borers for the purpose of detecting any attempt to mine.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

