
but, I think, unfitted for field service, especially of the peculiar character required in that country. I respectfully and earnestly recommend that you ask the President to appoint Collett Leventhorpe, late colonel of the Eleventh North Carolina Troops, a brigadier, and place him in command of that district. This gallant officer is now a brigadier of home guards in the service of this State, and has the universal confidence of our people, civil and military. I am earnest in the opinion that he, more than any other man, could restore quiet and order in that country.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.

[First indorsement.]

DECEMBER 17, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the consideration of the President.

The complaints against Colonel Thomas and Colonel Palmer surprise me, as I had, from all the representations made, supposed them both particularly efficient. It may be, however, that the appointment of brigadier to give unity to the command might prove beneficial, and therefore I submit Governor Vance's letter.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 26, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Is not Brigadier-General Martin in command of the District of Western North Carolina? If so, his experience and tried gallantry should secure good order and public confidence.

J. D[AVIS]

[Third indorsement.]

DECEMBER 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General Martin is in such command.

J. A. S[EDDON],

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS, February 2, 1865. (Received 9.25.)

General S. COOPER:

Please get action of President on recommendation for General Leventhorpe to be commissioned in Confederate Service. Hoke applies for him to command Clingman's brigade.

R. E. LEE.

HEADQUARTERS, Turnbull's, December 5, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I have received the dispatch from General Bragg of the 4th instant, forwarded to me by Mr. B. N. Harrison, stating that there is still time for him to receive any assistance that can be spared. On the 17th ultimo General Whiting informed me that General Bragg

