HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, December 7, 1864.

General R. S. EWELL,Commanding, &amp;c.:

General Hoke will arrange to put a regiment on the right of Fort Gilmer and relieve the troops you have on that part of your line. Your can dispose of the troops so relieved in strengthening the balance of your line. A detail will be sent over from Hoke's division to construct winter quarters in rear of the line, and when they are completed, which they will be in a few days, the regiment will move over. If you can release the wagons of General Hoke's command which you have the work will be much facilitated. The review is now indefinitely postponed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PETERSBURG, December 8, 1864. (received 6.55.)

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

The force of the enemy moving south is said to consist of Fifth Corps and two divisions of Second, with Gregg's cavalry, under General Warren; are evidently advancing on Hickosford. The number of cattle and wagons with them indicate a more distant object, and an invasion of North Carolina may be intended. Hampton is close to them and Hill on their right. General J. A. Walker, with such force as can be spared from his lines, and General Leventhorpe, with his, are ordered to Weldon. Governor Vance and General Holmes have Been requested to send to same point all available State reserve troops.

R. E. LEE.

PETERSBURG, December 8, 1864. (Received 9.50.)

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

Second and Fifth Corps of enemy, with Gregg's division of cavalry, are moving south on Jerusalem plank road. Cavalry reached Sussex Court-House at 7 p. m. yesterday. Hill and Hampton are following. Appearances indicate they are moving against Weldon, where I am concentrating all the depot guards I can.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS, Wilmington, December 8, 1864.

Colonel LIPSCOMB,

Commanding, &c., Masonborough:

COLONEL: Send two of your companies of cavalry under a good officer to take post opposite Topsail Inlet, say between Topsail Inlet and Sloop Point. They must be very vigilant in watching the sound, especially for communication with the enemy, and in guarding the crossings of Virginia Creek lines. The same regulations with regard to lines,

