
salt-works, use of boats, and fishing as in the rest of your command. You can communicate with Virginia Creek by telegraph through headquarters.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

WILMINGTON, December 8, 1864.

General HEBERT, Smithwille.

The general directs that the Seventh Battalion Junior Reserves report in town at Camp Lamb, with three days' cooked rations, as soon as possible. A steamer will be ordered for them.

JAS. H. HILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILMINGTON, December 8, 1864.

Colonel JACKSON, Sugar Loaf:

The general directs that the Fourth and Eighth Battalions Junior Reserves march at once to Camp Lamb, with three days' cooked rations. Let me know when they start. They must be here as soon as possible with all effective men.

JAS. H. HILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, December 9, 1964.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding:

GENERAL: After a careful consideration of the enemy's position near General Pickett's left, I have thought that it would be imprudent to make a fight for the ground lost there on the 5th instant. I believe that the position that was lost could be recovered by the loss of fifty or 100 men, by a night attack; but the entire position can be so entirely sept by the enemy's fire, both of artillery and infantry, that it cannot be made tenable after the enemy have determined to take it. The main position held there by General Pickett is a strong one, and will, I think, prevent any material advance by the enemy. The position now occupied by the enemy is very peculiar and cannot be described without a map. In deciding not to make a fight for the lost ground I think that I did as you would have done yourself if you could have been there.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, December 9, 1864-5.30 p. m.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

Your dispatch* is just received. I do not know taft I can attack to advantage, as I have not made a reconnaissance with that view. If you can hold your position I will move out to-morrow morning and make the attack, if it is possible to do so. This might cause a greater

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

