
You will hold that position, sending scouts down to Riddell's Shop, and across to the Darbytown road by the road leading [to] the Charles City road at Brightwell's. You will there await further orders. General Field's division will move on the Darbytown road.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, December 10, 1864-3 a. m.

Major General C. W. FIELD,Commanding Division:

You will move your division at 5 o'clock this morning, moving your right brigade in line of battle at right angles to and along the old line of works, and following the move with your other four brigades, and stretching out in line of battle along the Darbytown road, with your right resting on the line of works. The battalion of artillery which you will find on the Carles City road at the works will accompany you move, you giving it orders to that effect. When you are attended out on the Darbytown road you will throw out a line of pickets and send out scouts in the direction of the New Market road. The general movement will not precede this until General Longstreet reaches the ground. Colonel Logan, with Gary's cavalry, will move down the Carles City road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Wilmington, December 10, 1864-11 a. m.

Captain BEAZLEY,Commanding Outposts, Jacksonville:

CAPTAIN: In view of the operations going on about Weldon the greatest vigilance must be exercised to prevent any parties of the enemy from New Berne or Sheppardsville from reaching the railroad. You must be very careful of the character of your information, and, when reliable, send it to me as rapidly as possible. The Second South Carolina are in readiness to move. Two hundred cavalry are on their way to Kenansville from the Second District. Their commander is instructed to communicate with you by courier, according to enemy's movements, should any take place. If he moves toward Kenansville or above, yo must help the force there; if toward you, they must aid you. At all hazards enemy must not reach the road. Hold your officers to the most rigid responsibility for the efficiency of the pickets. I have received reports that [that] duty is not properly attended to in Captain Morris' company.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

