
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OR NORTH CAROLINA, Wilmington,

Numbers 11. December 12, 1864.

Surg. Samuel Logan, Provisional Army, C. S., having reported as directed in paragraph XXIV, of Special Orders, Numbers 283, from Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, under date of November 29, 1864, is announced as medical director of this command. All

surgeons and assistant surgeons in this department will report by letter their name, rank, date of commission or contract, post-office, and with what troops serving.

By command of Major-General Whiting:

JAS. H. HILL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PETERSBURG, December 13, 1864. (Received 6.10.)

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

The expedition to Belfield under General Warren returned within the enemy's lines yesterday. The two divisions of the Ninth Corps, which went to Warren's relief, proceeded no farther than Belches' Mill. On meeting the returning column it turned back. On retiring from Belfield the enemy moved eastwardly to the Jerusalem and Sussex Court-House roads. Our troops consequently only encountered their rear guards and pursued no farther than the Nottoway River. They have returned to camp, bringing in a few prisoners. Our loss very slight. The superintendent of the railroad reports about six miles of the track broken up.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, December 13, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General:

Your dispatch of to-day received. Every available man at the south should now be sent to Savannah. As long as Grant remains his present force here I do not think this army can be weakened. If he withdraws any part I can detach proportionally. If the department thinks otherwise I will send whatever it directs.

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, VA., December 13, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Augusta, Ga.:

Under present circumstances your presence at Wilmington may be more useful to the public defense than a longer continuance at Augusta. The question is referred to your judgment, and you will act as seems to you best.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

