SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, Numbers 297. December 15, 1864.

* * * * * * * *

XVI. The company commanded by Captain W. E. Hinton, now serving as provost guard of General Dearing's brigade, is accepted by the War Department with its present organization. It is hereby transferred to and will form a part of the Tenth Regiment Virginia Cavalry.

* * * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JUNumbers WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, December 15, 1864.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Petersburg:

One of a cavalry picket was caught on the Darbytown road this morning. He was placed on picket yesterday morning. Up to that time he had heard nothing of Gregg's cavalry. Scouts are just in, who report no change or increase of enemy's strength. Captured men belonged to Kautz's division.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, December 15, 1864.

Major R. P. DUNCAN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: In my opinion, there is no command of equal strength in the service which could be placed in the position of this division and supply, with its limited transportation, the necessary subsistence, quartermaster stores, forage, fuel, and timber for protection of men and the improvement and repair of defensive works on the line. It is demonstrated that with the transportation of this command we can do nothing toward hauling timber for our works. Under these circumstances, I beg leave to suggest the two following expedients, either of which may, perhaps, be adopted: First, relieve one-half of this division by half of some other one, and let the halves of these two divisions not in the line be located in woods, where they can get fuel without hauling, then apply the transportation of these two divisions as far as possible to supply the two halves of divisions in the line; or, second, furnish from the whole army enough transportation to haul timber to my command on the line as it now is, and thus supply the deficiency which we now labor under, and on account of which men are suffering and works are delayed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

