
FORT FISHER, December 23, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Major HILL:

A lookout cannot stay on Condor at high tide. I have no boat fit to picket the bar. The equator moving between Mound and bar could prevent a surprise. Where is the bread which was to be sent? I have only a supply to 31st. Please send hard-tack.

LAMB,

Colonel.

WILMINGTON, N. C., December 23, 1864.

Colonel LAMB, Fort Fisher:

By direction of the general either the Pelteway or the Cape Fear will go over to Smithville to report to Brigadier-General Hebert to bring troops to you. I have telegraphed to General Hebert.

JAMES H. HILL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILMINGTON, December 23, 1864.

Captain CHAPMAN, Battery Buchanan:

Troops are ordered from the other side of the river to re-enforce Colonel Lamb. The general asks you to assist in disembarking these troops.

J. H. HILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,December 23, 1864.

Colonel CONNALLY, Sugar Loaf:

See colonel Lamb and select a good position for bivouac between Sugar Loaf and Fisher, where the men would have plenty of wood. If the weather is smooth to-night an attempt may be made to cross the bar and carry Fisher from below. Send this afternoon to Colonel Lamb one of your battalions for service in Fort Fisher, and unless you ge further orders move your force, leaving a strong picket guard or lookout to the place of bivouac. On a concerted alarm from Colonel Lamb you will move rapidly into the fort with your command. Should, however, your lookouts give notice of landing in force near Gatlin, you can notify Lamb and hasten there. In the daytime you can return to camp if all is right.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

WILMINGTON, December 23, 1864.

Colonel LIPSCOMB, Masonborough:

Keep well on the alert. Have your outer pickets well posted above and below you. If you have some reliable men it will be well to send a small party of three or four to the banks to watch. Keep your telegraph office open.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

