
[FORT FISHER,] December [25], 1864.

General BRAGG,

Wilmington:

Doctors must be sent down here at once. Doctor Logan must forward surgeons with their implements to attend to men. They are his now, and they are at such different and extreme directions that we must attend to them. The fire is heavy and they cannot be transported. Send doctors down in some steamer to-night to land after dark in case enemy do not come in. I will keep you informed.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

WILMINGTON, December 25, 1864 - 10.30 p. m.

General WHITING,

Fort Fisher:

You had better draw your regiment of Junior Reserves from Fort Holmes, and with such force as you can get from your other forts make good the defense of Fisher. Troops are moving to Kirkland as fast as they arrive, and I shall join him and push the enemy in the rear. From your well-known gallantry, a successful defense of the works your skill has created is confidently expected.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

WILMINGTON, December 25, 1864 - 11.50 p. m.

Major-General WHITING:

(Care General Hebert, Smithville.)

Should it become necessary to evacuate Fort Fisher, Forts Holmes, Caswell, and Campbell must be abandoned also. A sufficient force from them will be left to hold Fort Anderson and prevent the enemy from ascending the river. The balance will march to the city.

FRANK S. PARKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT FISHER, December 25, 1864 - 2.10.

General HOLMES,

Wilmington:

Twenty-seven vessels delivering fire very heavily on land front of Fort Fisher, doing little damage. I am not exposing my men and am keeping my ammunition for assault.

W. H. C. WHITING.

Major-General.

FISHER, December 25, 1864 - 3.20 p. m.

General HOLMES:

Fire still very heavy; forty-two casualties so far. I learn that the enemy have taken Battery Anderson. I have ordered General Kirkland to attack them, unless he has received other orders from General Bragg. I suppose General Kirkland keeps headquarters advised of all he can.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

