
but I don't know where to get troops to replace them with. General Ewell writes that he has now only 800 men to guard a line formerly manned by 2,000. Since the departure of General Hoke the extreme left of our line has had to be in a measure abandoned and the rest very thinly manned. I do not know whether they can be stretched out any farther. I will, however, communicate with General Longstreet and see what can be done. Reports from General Early state that the Eighth Corps had been called from the Valley to General Grant, and it is certain that the enemy's camps in the Valley are much diminished. I have drawn from the Valley all the troops I can, and by his concentration Grant may be meditating an attack. If so, I do not see where I am to get troops to meet him as ours seem rather to diminish than to increase.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,December 26, 1864.

Major DUNCAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have nothing of interest to report this morning. Seven men deserted to the enemy from Ransom's brigade last night; also four from Wise's and two from Gracie's. One of the deserters from Gracie's brigade was Lieutenant R. G. Redwood, Company K, Forty-third Alabama Regiment. The enemy fired a salute about 6.30 o'clock this morning.

The following casualties are respectfully submitted: Gracie's brigade, 1 wounded; Elliott's brigade, 1 wounded,

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S CORPS,December 27, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

R. H. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,December 27, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War, that he may judge of the condition of this army. Scant fare, light clothing, constant duty, no recruits, have discouraged it.

R. E. LEE,

General.

SUGAR LOAF,

December 26, 1864 - 6 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have reopened communication with Fort Fisher. The damage and loss yesterday slight; no bombardment to-day. The enemy's force is

