HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General AYRES,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that you can use your own judgment about the withdrawal of your picket-line, but it must not be drawn so far back as to be in rear of the line occupied last night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,October 8, 1864. (Received 9 p. m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the operations of my division to-day. I advanced my pickets according to orders. They were advanced till the enemy's were struck outside their main works. I also advanced a brigade on the Vaughan and one on the Squirrel Level road. I subsequently burned the W. Davis house. I also drew back my picket-line at dark, preferring the old line. I lost a few men. I will send in a nominal list of casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. AYRES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,

October 8, 1864. - 12.15 p. m.

By this movement it is not intended to fight a battle. The purpose is to make a show of force, to make the enemy believe we intend to attack. It is not desired that the skirmish line be advanced to a position where they will be in danger of being overpowered. Should the enemy send out a strong force to attack it is expected that the skirmish line and the supporting troops shall fight retiring, according to tactics.

By order of Brigadier-General Ayres:

C. E. LA MOTTE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 9, 1864 - 2.20 a. m.

Colonel F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

You will please direct the whole corps to be under arms and ready to move at 6 a. m. this morning. At 7 o'clock the enemy's picket-line will be driven in along our whole front. Ayres' division, with Bragg's and Hofmann's brigades, of Baxter's division, will move in support of the line, and threaten an attack on the enemy's works in their front. Brigadier-General Griffin will hold his division in readiness to support

