
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 3, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded in response to letter of General Cooper of December [20], 1864.

In absence of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILMINGTON, December 30, 1864.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE, Military Secretary, Richmond, Va.:

Believing the President will be gratified to know the exact state of affairs in Georgia and South Carolina, I have ordered Brigadier General L. S. Baker, who has returned from there disabled for the field by his old wound, to proceed to Richmond and report to you. Obtain an early interview for him. He passed through all the scenes from Augusta to the evacuation of Savannah, and can report fully, and it is very important the exact state of affairs now should be known.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

(Copy to President Davis.)
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, December 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of North Carolina:

COLONEL: I respectfully request that all movements and dispositions of troops in this district for the defense of the Cape Fear, whether of troops heretofore belonging here, or others arriving or departing, will be communicated to and through me, especially all involving the use of the transportation I have provided for special purposes and the services of the district staff. I do this for the public service in all parts of this command to provide against the unnecessary interruptions and delays which have occurred and because it is due to the position I hold here by rank and by special assignment. I beg leave to state that I entirely but respectfully object to General Orders, Numbers 14, issued after I had proceeded to that portion of my command most immediately threatened, as far as the order concerns myself, as altogether unnecessary, the defenses of the mouth of the river being a part, and a part only, of my care.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, December 30, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel ARCHER ANDERSON, Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Present:

COLONEL: I have to inform you that I have ordered Clingman's brigade to move to Camp Whiting, one mile from town, as a more suitable position. Camp Lamb is not a proper place for a brigade, and is needed for other purposes.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

