
to doubt either the propriety or necessity of his General Order, Numbers 14, to which you object. He regrets to have to call your attention to the tenor and language of that communication as neither respectful nor subordinate from a junior to his commanding officer.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, December 31, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel ARCHER ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of North Carolina, Present:

COLONEL: As my attention is called to my communication of yesterday as neither respectful nor subordinate, I must say that as, in my opinion, I have sufficient and reasonable grounds, both for my application and for my objection in that note, and that as nothing was further from my intention than either want of respect or insubordination, I regret exceedingly that the commanding general should place so harsh a construction upon my language.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, December 31, 1864.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Commanding Third Military District:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of yesterday respecting the permanent lights at the mouth of the river, I am instructed to say that the purpose of the commanding general's recent visit to the forts was to see to the entire restoration of the condition existing before the bombardment. Not meeting with you, and desiring to lose no time, he gave orders to this effect to General Hebert, and desires that they be executed. Vessels which have gone out since the departure of the enemy's fleet will correct former reports and restore confidence; and every means should be in use to aid such as may now come in.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, December 31, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Dept. of North Carolina:

COLONEL: Please to ask the general if, until the arrival of troops for the city garrison, he will authorize General Hoke to furnish suitable details for guard duty on my requisition, and likewise to send proper outpost guards to Masonborough, the sounds, and Virginia Creek. This is a duty which has always been performed by the supporting

