
ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,

October 8, 1864 - 2.30 a. m.

A reconnaissance by this division will be made this morning as follows: The Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Hartranft commanding, will move so as to have the head of his column rest on the road near the Emory house (Colonel Harriman's old position on the left) by 7 a. m., followed by the Third Brigade. Colonel McLaughlen commanding. Colonel Harriman, commanding First Brigade, will relieve the pickets from Colonel McLaughlen's brigade at daybreak. Colonel Harriman will extend his line to the right so as to take up the line now held by Colonel McLaughlen in addition to his present line. The camps of the respective brigades will not be disturbed, and the troops will move in light marching order, carrying only their arms, accouterments, rations, and sixty rounds of ammunition. The skirmish line will be advanced under the direction of Colonel Harriman. As soon as the troops are set in motion all the brigade commanders will report to the general commanding the division at these headquarters for further instructions.

By command of Brigadier General O. B. Willcox:

JNumbers D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 8, 1864.

Captain JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I will move out my command and will place them in rear of my skirmish line on the right. They are moving out now. There will be quite a large gap between my left and Colonel McLaughlen's right, which I will fill up with a skirmish line. I have 400 men out as skirmishers and 300 as support.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. HARRIMAN,

Corps Officer of the Day.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 8, 1864 - 11.25 a. m.

Colonel HARRIMAN,

Commanding First Brigade:

Your dispatch just received. The general commanding directs that you keep the men that are in your works to hold them, and not to send out more than you require, in case your skirmishers are driven in, to allow them to retire in safety, or more than may be necessary to keep up your connections, together with the requisite supports in advancing.

I am, very respectfully,

JNumbers D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH CORPS,October 8, 1864 - 1.30 a. m.

General FERRERO,

Commanding Third Division:

Generals Willcox and Potter will advance their skirmish line at 7 in the morning, driving in the enemy's pickets, and make a demonstration

