
in order to prevent any more troops moving over the James to General Butler's front. General Willcox will move out the road passing the Clements house redoubt with two brigades at the same time. I wish you to let the details on the redoubts continue their work, and such men as are not at work along the infantry line should be under arms and ready for any emergency. I would like, if possible, for you to have two good regiments ready to move to any part of the line or to General Willcox's support in case there should be any need.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry:

The cavalry on outpost duty north of the Blackwater should notify Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, and the commanding officer of the troops at Old Court-House (near Bailey's Creek) of any serious movements of the enemy. General Hancock's headquarters are at the Deserted House, on the Norfolk road.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,October 8, 1864 - 1.35 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

Our success yesterday was a decided one, although the rebel papers claim a victory. They admit General Gregg killed and General Bratton wounded. General Gregg was in command of Field's division. The Richmond Examiner of this morning contains an official dispatch from Gordonsville last night, which states that a Yankee cavalry force yesterday burnt the railroad bridge over the Rapidan and made their escape. No movement on the Petersburg side. No more troops have been sent over from Lee. The movement of yesterday was made under his eye. All quiet to-day.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,October 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

Please order all men of the One hundred and forty-second, One hundred and twelfth, and One hundred and sixty-ninth New York to come up to me at once from the landing at City Point. There has been very unfair means used by officers from the Army of the Potomac in relation to these men. They have tampered with them, endeavoring to get them into regiments in the Army of the Potomac. Please order all men

