HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 9, 1864 - 7.40 p. m. (Received 8 p. m.)

Brigadier-General CRAWFORD,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you withdraw the battery and garrison from Fort Davison to-morrow and send two pieces to Battery 24 and two pieces to Battery 25, and that you send a small regiment to Battery 25 to hold that part of the line. The Second Corps will send a small regiment to Battery 24. The regiment you send to Battery 25 will inclose themselves by throwing up a parapet in the rear.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 9, 1864 - 9.30 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The line of the Second Corps is reported by one of my staff officers to be very light. As I deemed it best to strengthen my own line in its advanced position, and as it is intrenched, I feel great anxiety lest the enemy, finding the line of the Second Corps at this point to be weak, may break through and get in my rear. It is very desirable to hold on to the line I have established. It is near to the enemy's line and in a position from which his movement can be watched. The enemy will, undoubtedly, make an effort to drive us from it.

Respectfully,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 9, 1864.

Colonel E. L. DANA,

Commanding 143rd Pennsylvania Volunteers:

COLONEL: The general commanding the corps directs me to express to you his satisfaction with the performance of your duties yesterday as commander of the line of skirmishers of the corps. Your duties were important and arduous and of a highly responsible character, all of which you performed with credit to yourself and the command.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 9, 1864 - 9.30 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report all quiet along my lines during the night. The advanced picket-line was taken up last evening and is being read justed and strengthened this morning.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

