
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 9TH A. C.,

No. 24, B. October 9, 1864.

The general commanding desires in this manner to express his gratification at the uniformly good conduct of the Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry during the operations in which they have taken part under his command, and to return his thanks for the faithful and effective manner in which both officers and men have discharged their duty. Required to serve in a capacity different from that in which they entered the service, they have displayed soldierly qualities of the highest order. Their example is worthy of emulation and their patriotism to be admired. Whatever disappointment they may have felt, no act of theirs has exhibited any unwillingness to do the duties required of them, and their long roll of wounded and slain attests the faithfulness with which these have been performed. Being now about to enter the arm of the service to which they properly belong, the general expresses the hope that the same cool courage and faithfulness in the discharge of duty will characterize them, and that in the future their service may be as effective as it has been in the past.

By command of Brigadier-General Hartranft:

THOS. MATHEWS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,October 9, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet on the cavalry picket-line. A scouting party yesterday went a mile below Fort Powhatan and only discovered three of the enemy in that section. Negroes report that a Captain Brown has been scouting that country with a company of rebel cavalry since the cattle raid.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. MCM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG, Commanding Cavalry:

General Parke's picket-line is advanced and the cavalry picket-line on your right should be adjusted accordingly. I presume it has already been done.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,October 9, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I gave orders last evening that the cavalry picket-line on the left should be arranged with reference to any change in General Parke's line. A staff officer went over early this morning to see to it.

Your, respectfully,

D. MCM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

