HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 1,* 1864.

Major FISHER:

Sergeant Jordan reports nothing new this p. m., except that 100 men passed into town from in front of cemetery. Sergeant Holman reports the following intercepted message:

Colonel B[RENT]:

I have established an observatory in front of General Steuart's brigade in the most commanding view I could find. I observed wagons constantly moving to Fort Harrison. A large flock of beef-cattle are grazing above Dutch Gap. A large number of boats are moving up and down on the James River. From the rock at Drewry's house, I noticed this morning a large decrease in the tents in the woods to the left of open space to our left of Cobb's. No other change.

S.,Commanding.

(Same to A. B.)

Sergeant Carothers reports all quiet. Nothing new from Captain Thickstun to-day. Holman has sent me the new code nearly complete. Will forward it to you to-morrow.

P. A. TAYLOR,

Captain and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, October 1, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General MILES,First Division:

GENERAL: In case of any movement of the enemy's cavalry to our rear, the general wishes you, when you hear firing down the plank road, or in the direction of the Norfolk road, to immediately move your reserve (it is understood you have several hundred) to the rear of the Avery house, and commence withdrawing the men you have in the rifle-pits, with the exception of a few men to make a show. In case of my contingency of this nature, the general will place you in command of the rear and General Gibbon in command of the front.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 1, 1864.

Colonel J. C. LYNCH,Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding to send to you the inclosed copy of instructions+ received from headquarters Second Corps, and to say that if you hear any firing on the plank or Norfolk roads you will at once move your reserve of 800 men to the point indicated in the note inclosed, near the Avery house, but not to disturb the front line, reporting at once to these headquarters any firing from the direction mentioned.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Correct date probably October 12; see p. 178.

+See next, ante.

---------------

