
Danville, probably broad-gauge engines. Work at the lead foundry has been discontinued for the present. None of informants think Picktt's division is on this side of the river. One of them is very positive on his point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, October 10, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following detailed movements on the part of the enemy were observed to-day:

A new camp of nine wall-tents was pitched in vicinity of lead-works. At 9.30 a.m. about 1,000 infantry passed a point on Boydton plank road near toll-gate, going eastward. At 4 p.m. about 1,200 infantry passed same point, going westward. At 5.10 about 1,000 infantry passed same point, going westward.

The above reports were made by the officer with Fifth Corps. The plank road station corroborates the above, estimating the last two bodies at 2,600, followed by twelve ambulances and three wagons. This latter station also reports that these troops first appeared in vicinity of the lead-works; also that at 4.40 p.m. about 1,000 infantry came from the woods to the right of the large fort west of the Weldon railroad and moved toward our picket-line in vicinity of Weldon railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 274. October 10, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

7. Major Septimus Carncross, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported to the major-general commanding, is assigned to temporary duty with the Second Army Corps and will report to Major-General Hancock for further instructions.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 10, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that application be made for Allen's battery (H), First Rhode Island, now in camp near Washington, to be ordered to this army to relieve Brown's battery (A and B), First Rhode Island, that the latter may be sent to Washington to be reorganized and recruited. I am informed by Major J. A. Tomkins, First Rhode Island Artillery,now recruiting in Providence, that if these batteries were stationed in Washington he believes they could be filled up

