HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 1, 1864.

Major-General GIBBON,Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you relieve all of General Mott's pickets in your front. The officer in command of General Mott's pickets, when they are relieved, will march his pickets entire, either down the line of intrenchments or down the railroad to General Warren's headquarters, where he can ascertain the where-abouts of his division. General Miles has been directed to relieve all of your pickets in his front.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. BINGHAM,

Major, Judge-Advocate and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 1, 1864.

Brevet Major-General MOTT,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires to be informed as to what number of your command General Gibbon relieved. He also directs that you keep your troops in readiness to move at a moment's notice. No tents are to be pitched. It is desired that your command shall be concealed from the view of the enemy as far as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. BINGHAM,

Major, Judge-Advocate and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, October 1, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Brevet Major-General MOTT,Third Division:

The major-general commanding directs that your division move to the Peebles house, near Poplar Spring Church, where you will report to Major-General Parke. A train of sixty cars will be used to transport your division. You can load at the station near the trestle bridge, near your headquarters, and at the Jones house, the regiment at the Williams house to be brought back at once. On arriving at the Weldon road a guide will meet you to conduct you to General Parke. You will take the ammunition train allowed with troops, your ambulances and headquarters spring-wagons, one hospital and one medicine wagon for each brigade. Your supply train, or such part as may be necessary, will move over to the Weldon railroad so that you can fill up the men's haversacks when necessary. No artillery will be needed by you. The troops will be transported by rail to the immediate vicinity of General Warren's headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief of Staff.

