
Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, Major J. E. Larkin, to be placed in Fort Stedman in place of Fifty-seventh and One hundred and twenty-fifth New York and One hundred and forty-eight Pennsylvania; Eighty-first Pennsylvania, Captain L. Mercer, in Battery No. 4, in place of Second New York Artillery; Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, Major Fleming, in Battery No. 9, in place of Eighty-eighth New York; Sixty-ninth New York, Captain ---, in place of Seventh New York Artillery, in Batteries Nos. 11 and 12; Sixty-fourth New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Glenny, in Fort Stedman, in place of Fifty-third Pennsylvania; One hundred and eleventh New York, Captain Murdrock, in Battery No. 13, in place of Sixty-ninth New York. These changes to be made by placing a number of men from the organizations named in the works equal to the number now in them. I request these changes as the regiments proposed to be placed in the works are mainly composed of substitutes who have recently joined, and the frequency of desertions among this class of men renders it necessary that they be placed in positions where they can easily be watched and guarded. I also recommend this, that they may be more easily drilled and disciplined than is possible in the trenches. The officers are men of experience.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, October 11, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

I have the honor to report that nothing unusual has transpired along my lines during the past twenty-four hours. Large details are at work on intrenchments and slashing. We propose constructing a small redoubt on the road between 400 and 500 yards to the right of the Pegram house. Major Michler informed me it would be laid out this morning.

JNumbers G. PARKE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 11, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Brigadier General D. McM. GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Deserters report that Major-General Whiting, with a large infantry force from North Carolina, estimated at 10,000 men, is now at Stony Creek, and the commanding general desires to have a cavalry reconnaissance made in that direction as soon as practicable to see if any corroboration of this report can be obtained from citizens, contrabands, or others.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

