
Sergt. Lester Archer,* of the Ninety-sixth New York, has honorable mention for his gallantry in placing the colors of his regiment on Battery Harrison. There is a generous rivalry between the color bearers of the Eighth Connecticut and the Ninety-sixth New York as to which were the first in planting their colors-so nearly equal were they that it is difficult to say which were in advance. May that rivalry always continue.

Captain Enoch W. Goss, of the Thirteenth New Hampshire Volunteers, is commended for leading the skirmish line and the capture of prisoners and battle-flags after the enemy's charge of the 30th, in which 18 commissioned officers and 209 men were captured.

Actg. Adjt. Walter P. Long, Twenty-first Connecticut Volunteers, is recommended to His Excellency the Governor of Connecticut for promotion for gallantry planting his colors among the first on the rebel fortifications.

Corpl. F. Clarance Buck,* Company A, Twenty-first Connecticut (sharpshooters battalion), is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal for courage. Although wounded in the arm, he refused to leave the field until the engagement closed. In addition he will have his warrant as sergeant.

Third Brigade.

Captain Cecil Clay,* Fifty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, has honorable mention. His color bearer being shot, he planted his colors on the fortifications of Battery Harrison, and was severely wounded in the act. He is recommended to His Excellency the Governor of Pennsylvania for promotion.

Sergt. Patterson T. Campbell, Company F, Fifty-eighth Pennsylvania, is noticed as capturing the first prisoner in the fort-a rebel captain. He is promoted to a lieutenancy in the colored troops.

Sergt. Nathaniel A. McKnown,* Company B, Fifty-eighth Pennsylvania, advanced in front of our lines after the repulse of the enemy, capturing a rebel battle-flag under severe picket-fire. He is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal for gallantry. Sergeant McKnown is promoted for good conduct to a lieutenant in the Sixth U. S. Colored Troops.

Corpl. Samuel Clapper, Company D, One hundred and eighty-eighth Pennsylvania, is recommended for a medal for gallant services in bringing off the colors of the Ninety-second New York-its own color-sergeant being wounded.

Corpl. Charles Blucher,* Company H, One hundred and eighty-eighth Pennsylvania, planted the first national colors on the fortifications in the charge of September 29. He is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal for gallantry, and will have the warrant of a sergeant.

Corpl. William Graul,* Company I, One hundred and eighty-eighth Pennsylvania, first planted the colors of his State on the fortifications of the enemy. He is recommended for a medal for gallant conduct.

Theodore Kramer,* Company G, One hundred and eighty-eighth Pennsylvania, took one of the first prisoners, a captain, in the charge of the 29th, and is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal.

Sergt. William E. Gibson, Company K, Sergt. John Flanagan, Company I, and Sergt. Frank M. Hawley, Company B, One hundred and

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

