
eighty-eighth Pennsylvania, were conspicuous for humane daring in volunteering to bring off the wounded under a heavy fire September 29. There are some who will carry wounded to the rear; these sergeants brought them from the front. Sergeants Gibson, Flanagan, and Hawley are promoted for good conduct and soldierly bearing to lieutenants in the U. S. Colored Troops.

Private Joseph H. Shea,* Ninety-second New York, is recommended for a medal for like gallant conduct in bringing the wounded from the field under fire of the enemy after the retirement of the line.

The First Division of the Eighteenth Army Corps and the One hundred and fifty-eighth New York will be entitled to inscribe Battery Harrison on their colors. The quartermaster will furnish a new stand of colors with inscription for each regiment.

SECOND DIVISION.

Surg. George De Landre, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York, while under fire, worked faithfully day and night, dressing the wounds of those who required attention, without reference to corps. It is to be deplored that our regulations allow substantially no promotion to a surgeon; but for a gallant man to do his duty in such a manner is sufficient reward.

Sergt. Armand D. Alleaume, Company A, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York, for soldierly coolness in turning the captured guns upon the enemy, is promoted to captain of U. S. Colored Troops.

Samuel Graham, color-sergeant One hundred and fifty-eighth New York, is recommended to the Secretary of Waf for a medal for conspicuous gallantry and bravery in the assault upon the second line of works, and is promoted as first lieutenant in the U. S. Colored Troops.

Sergt. William Laing,* Company F, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York, conspicuous for being among the first to scale the parapet, is recommended for a medal. Has since died of his wounds. His medal will be sent to his family.

First Sergt. Thomas Meagher,* Company G, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York, who led a section of his men on the enemy's works, receiving a wound while scaling the parapet, is recommended for a medal for his gallantry.

Privates Schiller* and Grube,* Company E, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York, are commended for advancing to the ditch of the enemy's works, although obliged to fall back, being unsupported.

Corporal Murphy,* Company K, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York, distinguished himself by capturing a rebel battle-flag, for which service he received a twenty days' furlough and $25 from the commanding general.

Corporal Vanwinkle,* Privates Henry S. Wells* and George A. Buchanan,* One hundred and forty-eighth New York, are recommended to severally receive medals from the Secretary of War,for distinguished gallantry in taking positions in advance of the skirmish line, within short distance of the enemy's gunners, driving the cannoneers from their guns. Private Buchanan has since died of his wounds. The medal will be sent to his family. Vanwinkle and Wells will receive warrants as sergeants.

Augustine Flanagan,* sergeant Company A, Fifty-fifht Pennsylvania, color bearer, conspicuous for bravery in charging on the enemy's works

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

