
on the 29th of September, rushing forward with his colors, waving them and calling upon his men to follow, until he fell severely wounded. He is recommended to the Secretary of War of a medal.

Sergt. Hezekiah Hammer, Company K, Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania, with great fearlessness rushed forward, seized the colors from the wounded color bearer, and brought them off the field, and is recommended for promotion another grade for his gallantry (being already a lieutenant) to His Excellency the Governor of Pennsylvania. Would that his whole regiment had emulated his example.

ENGINEER CORPS.

First Lieutenant Peter S. Michie, of the U. S. Engineer Corps, acting chief engineer of the Army of the James, has most honorable mention for the zeal and energy of his services, unremitting and unwearied as well with the pontoon train as in the fortifications of the line. He is earnestly recommended to the President of the United States for brevets of captain and major.

Captain J. W. Lyon, Fourth Rhode Island, in command of the pontoon trains of the Army of the James, receives commendation for his energy, ability, and promptness in the construction of the pontoon bridges by which the army crossed the river.

Captain John L. Suess, First New York Engineers, had honorable mention for energy in prosecuting the work which enabled our forces to hold Fort Harrison. He had already lost an arm in the service and is recommended to His Excellency the Governor of New York for promotion.

Captain Hiram Farrand, First New York Engineers, for his energy and efficiency in constructing the line of entrenchments on the line of the Eighteenth Army Corps-receiving a very severe wound in the discharge of his duty. He is recommended to His Excellency the Governor of New York for promotion.

The services of the officers and the men of the Engineer Corps, although not as conspicuous as those of some other troops, are quite as arduous, requiring constancy, courage, and zeal, and are fully appreciated.

THIRD DIVISION.

Brigadier General Charles J. Paine has received the thanks of Major-General Birney for the conduct of his division while temporarily acting with the Tenth Corps in the action of the 29th of September, near New Market.

Colonel S. A. Duncan, Fourth U. S. Colored Troops, commanding Third Brigade, in addition to other gallant services in the field heretofore, fell wounded near the enemy's works. He is recommended to the President for a brevet rank as brigadier-general.

Colonel A. G. Draper, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, commanded Second Brigade, carried his brigade in column of assault with fixed bayonets over the enemy's works through a double line of abatis, after severe resistance. For incessant attention to duty and gallantry in action, Colonel Draper is also recommended to brevet rank as brigadier-general.

Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Shurtleff, Fifth U. S. Colored Troops, gallantly led his regiment in the assault of the 29th, although at the commencement of the charge was shot through the wrist and again wounded until he

