
received a third and probably mortal wound close to the enemy's works. He has nobly earned his promotion and his commission as colonel of his regiment to date from the 29th of September, subject to the approval of the President.

First Lieutenant Edwin C. Gaskill, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, for distinguished gallantry in leading his men when shot through the arm, within twenty yards of the enemy's works. He is promoted to a captain.

First Lieutenant Richard F. Andrews, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, has honorable mention. Having been two months sick and relieved from duty he volunteered and charged with his command through the swamp where he received a wound. He is promoted to the rank of captain.

First Lieutenant James B. Backup, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, excused from duty for lameness, from which he could walk but a short distance, volunteered and charged with his command through the swamp, and received a wound through the breast. He is promoted to a captain.

Private James Gardiner,* Company I, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, rushed in advance of his brigade, shot at a rebel officer, who was on the parapet cheering his men, and then ran him through with his bayonet. He will have a sergeant's warrant and a medal for gallant daring.

Captain Phillip Weinmann, Sixth U. S. Colored Troops, commanding division of sharpshooters, and in charge of the skirmish line, is promoted to major for excellent conduct in managing his line of assault on the 29th of September.

Milton M. Holland,* sergeant-major, Fifth U. S. Colored Troops,commanding Company C; James H. Bronson,* first sergeant, commanding Company D; Robert Pinn,* first sergeant, commanding Company I, wounded; Powhatan Beaty,* first sergeant, commanding Company G, Fifth U. S. Colored Troops-all these gallant colored soldiers were left in command, all their company officers being killed or wounded, and led them gallantly and meritoriously through the day. For these services they have most honorable mention, and the commanding general will cause a special medal to be struck in honor of these gallant colored soldiers.

Captain Peter Schlick, Thirty-eighth U. S. Colored Troops, was the first of his regiment to enter the rebel works in the assault of the 29th, and is promoted to major.

Lieutenant Bancroft, Thirty-eighth U. S. Colored Troops, has honorable mention for daring and endurance. Being shot through the hip at the swamp, he crawled forward on his hands and knees, waving his sword and cheering his men to follow.

Sergt. Major Martin Weisz, Thirty-eighth U. S. Colored Troops, for courage, gallantry, and good conduct in the attack on New Market, is promoted to a lieutenant.

First Sergt. Edward Ratcliff,* Company C, Thirty-eighth U. S. Colored Troops, thrown into command of his company by the death of the officers commanding, was the first enlisted man in the enemy's works, leading his company with great gallantry-for which he has a medal.

Private William H. Barnes,* Company C, Thirty-eighth U. S. Colored Troops, among the very first to enter the rebel works, although himself previously wounded, has a medal for his gallantry.

---------------

*Answer a Medal of Honor.

---------------

