
Sergeant Harris,* Company B, Thirty-eighth U. S. Colored Troops, has a medal for gallant conduct in the assault of the 29th instant.

First Lieutenant J. Murray Hoag, Fourth U. S. Colored Troops, although on the sick list, and suffering from the effects of fever, insisted on leading his company, until he fell, wounded in two places, at the enemy's line of abatis. He is promoted to captain.

Alfred B. Hilton,* color-sergeant, Fourth U. S. Colored Troops, the bearer of the national corps, when the color-sergeant with the regimental standard fell beside him, seized the standard, and struggled forward with both colors, until disabled by a severe wound at the enemy's inner line of abatis, and when on the ground he showed that his thoughts were oft the colors and not for himself. He has a special medal for gallantry, and will have his warrant as first sergeant.

Christian A. Fleetwood,* sergeant-major, Fourth U. S. Colored Troops, when two color bearers had been shot down, seized the national colors and bore them nobly through the fight. He has a special medal for gallant conduct.

Charles Veal,* color bearer Company D, Fourth U. S. Colored Troops, after two bearers of the regimental color had been shot down, seized it close to the enemy's works and bore it through the remainder of the action. He has a medal for gallantry, and will have the warrant of color-sergeant.

Lieutenant N. H. Edgerton, adjutant Sixth U. S. Colored Troops, when the color bearer was shot down, seized the colors an carried them forward, even after his own hand was pierced by a bullet which severed the flag-staff. He is promoted to the rank of captain.

Corpl. Miles James,* Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, after having his arm so badly mutilated that immediate amputation was necessary, loaded and discharged his piece with one hand, and urged his men forward; this within thirty yards of the enemy's works. He has a medal and a sergeant's warrant.

First Sergt. William Davis, Company E, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, has honorable mention and a medal for gallantry.

Sergt. Samuel Gilchrist, Company K, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, showed great bravery and gallantry in commanding his company after his officers were killed. He has a medal for gallantry.

Alexander Kelly,* first sergeant Company F, Sixth U. S. Colored Troops, gallantly seized the colors, which had fallen near the enemy's inner line of abatis, raised them, and rallied the men, at a time of confusion and a place of the greatest possible danger. He has a medal for his gallantry.

Sergeant Elsbury, first sergeant Company G, Sixth U. S. Colored Troops, has a medal for bravery and remarkable coolness during the engagement of September 29, 1864.

Corpl. William Williams, Company K, Sixth U. S. Colored Troops, has a medal for bravery and remarkable coolness during the engagement of September 29, 1864.

Major J. B. Cook, Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops, commanding his regiment as a skirmish line, behaved most gallantly himself and managed his men with marked ability in the assault on the enemy's lines near New Market. In the attempt of the enemy to take Fort Harrison he unfortunately fell wounded through his utter neglect of personal safety. He is promoted to lieutenant-colonel.

Captain Robert Dollard, Second U. S. Colored Cavalry, acting as field officer and in charge of the skirmish line in the assault on New Market,

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

