
First Sergt. William H. Haynes, Company G, Seventh Connecticut is recommended to His Excellency the Governor of Connecticut for promotion for marked ability and attention to his duties as acting lieutenant.

First Sergt. Benjamin A. Hill, Company A, Seventh Connecticut, is honorably mentioned for gallantry on the skirmish line on the 29th of September in the reconnaissance on Richmond. He is appointed a second lieutenant in the U. S. Colored Troops.

Sergt. Lewis A. Cook, Company E, Seventh Connecticut, for gallantry on skirmish line and zeal in performance of duty, is recommended for a medal.

First Lieutenant Jonathan H. Edgerly, Third New Hampshire, for gallantry in conducting the skirmish line on the 29th of September, as well as on the reconnaissance toward Richmond, is recommended to His Excellency the Governor of New Hampshire for promotion.

Sergt. Major George A. Gesner, Company k, Sixth Connecticut, is recommended for promotion to His Excellency the Governor of Connecticut for attention to his duties, and is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal.

First Lieutenant Ferdinand Davis, Seventh New Hampshire, and acting aide on Brigadier-General Hawley's staff, is recommended for gallantry.

Sergt. William Tilton,* Company C, Seventh New Hampshire, in command of pioneers, has special mention for gallantry, and is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal.

Sergt. Henry F. W. Little,* Company D, Seventh New Hampshire, for gallantry on the skirmish line on the reconnaissance toward Richmond, is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal. He is appointed first lieutenant in U. S. Colored Troops.

Sergt. Frank Robey [George F. Robie],* Company D, Seventh New Hampshire, for gallantry on skirmish line, is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal.

Sergt. John A. Coburn, Company H, Seventh New Hampshire, was in command of his company in the reconnaissance toward Richmond, and is recommended to His Excellency the Governor of New Hampshire for promotion.

Sergt. George P. Dow,* Company C, Seventh New Hampshire, was in command of his company in the reconnaissance toward Richmond and behaved with gallantry. He is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal.

Third Brigade.

Colonel F. A. Osborn, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, for gallant and meritorious services through the campaign, has been recommended by the commanding general for promotion.

SECOND DIVISION.

First Brigade.

Corpl. Ebenezer Skellie,* Company D, One hundred and twelfth New York, took the colores of his regiment when the color-sergeant fell, and carried them through the first charge. At the second charge, after all

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

