
the color guard were killed or wounded, he carried the colors to the enemy's works, where he fell wounded. He has a medal and is recommended to the President, because of his wounds, to promotion in the Veteran Reserve Corps.

Second Brigade.

Colonel N. M. Curtis, commanding Second Brigade, for his zealous and untiring efforts to make his brigade efficient, and for the manner in which he led it in actin, is commended by his corps commander, and is recommended to the President for promotion by brevet.

First Lieuts. John J. Fitzigibbon, Company B, and James Cox, Company C, Forty-seventh New York, have honorable mention for gallantry, in both assaults on the enemy's works, and are recommended to His Excellency the Governor of New York for promotion.

Corpl. William F. Noonan, Company F, Forty-seventh New York, when the color bearer was shot, seized the colors and bore them through the fight, for which act of courage and daring and meritorious conduct he is appointed second lieutenant in colored troops.

First Sergt. John Curry, Company E, Forty-seventh New York, is promoted to first lieutenant in U. S. Colored Troops, for gallant behavior in the assault and rallying his men.

First Sergt. George W. Boerckel, Company F, Forty-seventh New York, for gallantry and coolness in assault, is recommended to His Excellency the Governor of New York for promotion.

Sergt. Richard Gosson,* Company K, Forty-seventh New York, fell dead while planting the colors of his regiment on the enemy's works. He is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal, to be sent to his family.

First Lieutenant J. Wainwright, commanding Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania, has honorable mention for the gallant manner in which he conducted the regiment during the engagement.

Second Lieutenant William H. Eves, Company G, Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania, behaved with especial gallantry in both assaults, and is recommended for promotion in his regiment to His Excellency the Governor of Pennsylvania.

Sergt. William H. Martin, Company A, Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania, commanded his company in both assaults, and led his men with bravery and admirable order in the assaults September 29, for which he has most honorable mention, and is recommended to His Excellency the Governor of Pennsylvania for promotion to first lieutenant.

Corpl. David S. Harry, Company B, Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania, is mentioned for special gallantry in both assaults of the 29th of September. He is appointed second lieutenant in U. S. Colored Troops.

Private William McCarty, Company D, Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania, is honorably mentioned for special gallantry, bearing his colors in advance of his regiment in the absence of the color-sergeant, is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal.

First Lieutenant A. Lippincott, Forty-eight New York, has special mention for gallant conduct in both assaults, and is recommended for promotion in his regiment to His Excellency the Governor of New York.

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

