
Color Sergt. Tom Dawson, Forty-eighth New York, for coolness and courage, is recommended for promotion to His Excellency the Governor of New York.

Captain J. M. McDonald, Company H, Forty-seventh New York, is recommended to His Excellency the Governor of New York for promotion for the manner in which he conducted his regiment after taking command, the colonel being wounded.

Lieutenant Colonel C. R. MacDonald, Forty-seventh New York, is commended for coolness and bravery in leading his command on the enemy's works, and is recommended for promotion to His Excellency the Governor of New York.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Littell, of the Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania, is recommended to His Excellency the Governor of Pennsylvania for promotion for gallantry and judgment in leading his command.

Third Brigade.

Captain Robert J. Gray, Ninth Maine, was especially conspicuous for gallantry, and received his death wound while gallantry leading his regiment to the charge on Battery Gilmer.

Captain Billings Brastow took command in the same charge after the death of Captain Gray, and was killed while in like gallant discharge of his duty.

Captain J. C. Beal then took command of the regiment, led it within thirty yards of Battery Gilmer, with great gallantry and courage.

Lieutenant George S. Colbath, Ninth Maine, is recommended to the Governor of Maine for promotion for leading his command in the same charge, although suffering from an open wound received at Petersburg, and being again yesterday wounded.

Captain B. N. Smith, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York,for distinguished gallantry while in command of his regiment during the assault of the 29th of September, is recommended to His Excellency the Governor of New York for promotion.

Captain J. H. Lawrence, commanding Thirteenth Indiana, being wounded in the first assault, still remained in command until ordered to the rear, is mentioned for gallantry and good conduct, and recommended to His Excellency the Governor of Indiana for promotion.

Lieutenant S. C. F. Smith, Ninth Maine, who, not having recovered from a wound received August 19, 1864, yet remained with his company till ordered to the rear, for zeal and efficient courage has honorable mention, and is recommended to His Excellency the Governor of Maine for promotion.

Private Julius B. Koenig, One hundred and fifteenth New York, orderly at brigade headquarters, who carried the brigade flag with extraordinary zealousness in the hottest parts of the action, is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal for his gallantry.

Lieutenant Solomon J. Watson, Ninth Maine, received his death wound from gallant daring in the endeavor to get the colors of his regiment from the field.

Color Sergt. C. L. F. Howe, Ninth Maine, conspicuous for daring, is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal.

Corpl. Z. Piche, Company D, Ninth Maine, carried one of the flags for a long time after he was wounded, is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal.

