
Private Thomas Belcher,* Company I, Ninth Maine, has honorable mention and will be made color-sergeant of his regiment. He took a guidon from the hands of Private Parker, who was mortally wounded, and carried it nearer Battery Gilmer than any other man; is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal.

Private B. E. Preble, Company B, Ninth Maine, who carried the flag, the color-sergeant being wounded, is recommended to the Secretary of War for a medal.

THIRD DIVISION.

First Lieutenant Waldo B. Ryder, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops; First Lieutenant Joseph E. Lockwood, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops; First Lieutenant Sumner H. Warren, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops, are promoted to the captains, for meritorious conduct during their connection with the regiment.

Second Lieutenant Alpheus K. Long, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops; Second Lieutenant Charles H. C. Brown, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops; Second Lieutenant Russell Hall, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops, are promoted to first lieutenants, for meritorious services during their connection with the regiment.

Lieutenant Colonel Samuel C. Armstrong, Ninth U. S. Colored Troops, is promoted for gallant and meritorious services at Deep Bottom and Fussell's Mill, on the 14th of August, 1864, as colonel of the Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, vice Colonel Loren Burritt, who has failed to be mustered on account of physical disability.

First Lieutenant Thomas Young, Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, is promoted to be captain, for meritorious services.

Second Lieutenant William H. Brooks, Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, is promoted to first lieutenant.

First Lieutenant Haskell M. Phelps is promoted to be captain in the Ninth U. S. Colored Troops, for meritorious services during his connection with the regiment.

Second Lieutenant Edward E. Fairchild, Ninth U. S. Colored Troops, is promoted to first lieutenant for meritorious services during his connection with the regiment.

Second Lieuts. Edward Coe and John Bishop, Twenty-ninth [Connecticut] Colored Volunteers, are appointed first lieutenants, for uniform attention to duty.

First Sergt. Oscar Engleblom, Company G, Third New Hampshire, is appointed second lieutenant, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops, to fill a vacancy.

Major George E. Wagner, Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, is specially mentioned for gallantry, and is appointed lieutenant-colonel, vice Lieutenant-Colonel Armstrong, Ninth U. S. Colored Troops.

Captain Oscar E. Pratt, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops, has honorable mention for meritorious conduct, and is appointed major in the Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, vice Major Wagner, promoted.

Capts. Julius A. Weiss, Thomas McCarty, First Lieuts. George R. Sherman, David S. Mack, Second Lieuts. Sylvester Eler, J. Ferguson, R. M. Spinney, of the Seventh U. S. Colored Troops, are all entitled to the highest praise and commendation for their gallantry and good conduct in the assault on Fort Gilmer, for which they are not now promoted, being either killed or in the hands of the enemy.

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

