
The commanding general is quite conscious that in this endeavors to put on record the gallant deeds of the officers and soldiers of the Army of the James, he has almost of necessity, because of the imperfection of reports, omitted many deserving of mention; yet, as these gallant men will on other occasions equally distinguished themselves, they can then take their due place in their country's history.

By command of Major-General Butler:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 149. In the Field, Va., October 11, 1864.

1. Captain Adrian Terry, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is relieved from duty with the First Division, and will report for duty as acting aide-de-camp to the brevet major-general commanding the corps.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Brevet Major-General Terry:

WM. P. SHREVE,

First Lieutenant, Second U. S. Sharpshooters, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, October 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRAHAM,Commanding Army Gun-boats, Point of Rocks:

Please send down one of your boats to the Northern Neck, opposite Smith's Neck Light; land there and seize some eighth or ten of the most reputable citizens you can find and bring them to me. State that they are taken as hostages for J. R. McDonald, captain of the light-ship, and six men who went on shore for water.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, October 12, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

The disposable recruits at Fort Columbus have been assigned to the Seventh Infantry with a view to that regiment being sent to the Army of the Potomac, to relieve that one of the old regiments of infantry most in need of recruits. Should this meet with your approbation, please designate the regiment you wish returned. Please inform me, also, whether you wish it to await the arrival of the Seventh.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., October 12, 1864-12 m. (Received 2.05 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

I will send a regiment of regulars immediately to take the place of the Seventh. Please order the latter here, without waiting the arrival of one relieve it.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

