
CITY POINT, VA., October 12, 1864-2.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

Seventy-five deserters from the enemy came into General Butler's lines, north of the James, on Sunday; thirty-five more yesterday and thirty-three to-day. This is in addition to what came in on other parts of the line, of which I have no report. There were other deserters each of these days.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 12, 1864-9 p.m. (Received 1.40 p.m. 13th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The Seventeenth U. S. Infantry has been designated to relieve the Seventh in New York. This regiment will leave here to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 12, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The enemy opened his batteries about 8 p.m. last evening on Hancock's front, and was replied to by ours. The firing lasted for an hour. No casualties reported on our side. A deserter came into Hancock's lines last night and reported the completion of a mine on his front. Measures had been taken to prepare for the reported mine and to detect it. Another deserter reported the relieving of Wise's brigade, Johnson's division, by Harris' brigade, Mahone's division, hitherto in reserve. Gregg's reconnaissance yesterday proceeded as far as the crossing of Rowanty Creek, within three miles of Stony Creek Depot. At Rowanty Creek the enemy's infantry was found in such force as not to permit the farther advance of the reconnoitering party. Fourteen prisoners, including one commissioned officer, were taken by this reconnaissance. From them and citizens no information of any large body of the enemy at Stony Creek could be obtained. From refugees and contrabands from Sussex it is learned the enemy have at Stony Creek a regiment of infantry and a battery of artillery, with some cavalry. These people state that it was reported forces from North Carolina were concentrating at Weldon; numbers and organizations unknown.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 12, 1864-10 p.m.

General MEADE:

I understand that it has been discovered that the enemy have undermined Fort Sedgwick. Do you not think it advisable to intrench in rear of it and let the enemy explode their mine and attack?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

