
Sussex County for potatoes. The commissioned officer is a first lieutenant of the Ninth Virginia Infantry, Pickett's division, and was returning from furlough. They gave no information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, October 12, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following is the result of the observation made from the several signal stations to-day: A body of about 1,200 infantry appeared on the road in the vicinity of the fort near and west of the Weldon railroad. They moved about half a mile in a northwesterly direction and then turned westward into the woods, no doubt returning to camp from some duty along the lines. A small body of troops, perhaps 100, passed into the city from the vicinity of Cemetery Hill this p.m.

The following intercepted message may be of some profit; it passed through the line on north bank of the Appomattox:

Colonel B.:

I have established an observatory in front of General Steuart's brigade in the most commanding view I could find. I observed wagons constantly moving to Fort Harrison. A large flock of beef-cattle are grazing above Dutch Gap. A large number of boats are moving up and down on the James River. From the rock at Drewry's house, I noticed this morning a large decrease in the tents in the woods to the left of open space to our left of Cobb's. No other change.

S.,

Commanding.

(Same to A. B.)

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 276. October 12, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

7. In compliance with instructions received from headquarters Armies of the United States, the Seventeenth Regiment U. S. Infantry will proceed, with as little delay as practicable, to the city of New York and report to the superintendent of the recruiting service at that place. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

