HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 12, 1864-10.40 a.m. (Sent 11.10 a.m.)

General J. G. PARKE,Commanding Ninth Corps:

The firing last night was on General Hancock's front. It was commenced by the opening of the enemy's batteries and our batteries replied. The firing was without results.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, October 12, 1864-6.30 a.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that yesterday evening the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Major G. F. McCabe commanding, left this point on a reconnaissance toward Stony Creek. The regiment has just returned, having proceeded as far as the crossing of the Rowanty and three miles from Stony Creek. The crossing of the Rowanty was defended by the infantry, so that the regiment did not attempt a farther advance. Thirteen prisoners, including two commissioned officers, were captured; also two Government wagons destroyed, but the animals brought it. The commanding officer of the regiment could not ascertain from the citizens or negroes that the large infantry force reported had arrived at Stony Creek. All the information obtained would indicate that citizens were not aware of the arrival of General Whiting. Major McCabe's [report] will be forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS, October 12, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The following dispatch just received and forwarded for the information of the lieutenant-general:
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, October 12, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Major-General BUTLER,Commanding:

GENERAL: The reports from the picket on the Darby road are, that the enemy is very busy fortifying on that road, near to our pickets. The officer on picket thinks they are building a fort at a point less than half a mile from the old line of entrenchments. The fact that no deserters or refugees have come in yesterday or to-day on my line indicates that there is some truth in the report of the people living on the Charles City road that the enemy have a close picket-line between that road and the Long Bridge road. A few of the enemy have a close picket-line between that road and the Long Bridge road. A few of the enemy showed themselves in front of Fussell's Mill last night, but left without any other demonstration. The new road through the swamp will be finished to-day.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

