HEADQUARTERS, October 12, 1864-12.30 p.m. (Received 12.40 p.m.)

Major-General TERRY,Commanding Tenth Corps:

You will take two divisions of your corps, preferably the First and Third, if their places on your line can be spared, and, in conjunction with General Kautz's cavalry, you will make a reconnaissance in force and drive away, if practicable, the enemy from the works they are now building on the Darbytown (or Central) road. General Weitzel has been ordered to support your line if necessary. Take care that you forces are not cut off. I presume you will find about 6,000 of the enemy's veteran troops-Early and Hoke's divisions-in your front. You will push the enemy into his old line of fortifications, but not pursue farther unless you see much indications of giving way as will justify it, of which you will keep me advised. You will communicate this order to General Kautz, that he may co-operate with you. Make all your dispositions as rapidly as possible, and inform me when you are ready to move and I will give the order.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, October 12, 1864.

Major-General BULTER:

I shall take the First and Third Divisions, but there is one regiment of the First Division, the One hundred and ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, which is so very raw that I think it had best be left behind; it would do more harm than good in the open field.

ALF. H. TERRY,Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, October 12, 1864. (Received 1.30 p.m.)

Major-General BUTLER:

The Second Division will not be sufficient to occupy more than its own place in the entrenchments and the place of the First Division. I think that General Weitzel should occupy the position to be vacated by the Third Division. If he is to do so, I will move Birney out as he moves in. If he will then have any additional force to spare I would suggest that it should be massed on the New Market road, so as to be ready to meet any movement on my left after I have moved out.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, October 12, 1864-1.50 p.m.

Forwarded to General Weitzel for his information, with directions to occupy the line left by Birney and to watch the New Market road.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,Major-General, Commanding.

