
yourself of their line now being intrenched on that road. General Kautz will move with you, turning the enemy's left if possible. Your movement should be so early as to strike the enemy by sunrise. General Weitzel will be notified of your movement, and will hold as far as the New Market road. You will observe the general directions as for the movement intended this afternoon. Kee me advised as often as possible of your movement.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

October 12, 1864.

GENERAL: The movement is suspended for the present, but the ready for further orders. Of course,the commands will be led to infer we are to cross the James. Make your men as comfortable as possible.

Respectfully, yours,

WM. P. SHREVE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To Generals Ames and Birney.)

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

October 12, 1864.

The movement proposed for this p.m. will take place to-morrow morning. General Ames' division will move out to and across the Darbytown road, forming in the open ground beyond, and moving up parallel, or nearly so, with that road, will attack the enemy and endeavor to find and turn the left of their entrenchments. General Birney's division will form on this side of the Darbytown road, prepared to advance at the same time with General Ames, his skirmishers on the same line with General Ames' skirmishers. Colonel Curtis' brigade will move out to the Kell house, forming line facing the enemy, his center at the house. General Kautz proposes to move to the right of the Darbytown road, covering General Ames' right and he will endeavor to drive in the enemy between that road and the Charles City road. He also proposes to send a column up the Charles City road, dislodge the enemy there, and, if possible, take them in reverse down toward the Darbytown road. General Ames will take great care not to extend so far to the right as to leave a dangerous gap between his left and General Birney's right. The batteries will report to General Kautz at Four-Mile Church, on the New Market road, and will follow his column until they reach the Darbytown road, when they will halt and report to the division commanders to which they are assigned. The battery not assigned will report to the chief of artillery, who will be near the Johnson house on the last-named road. The troops will move at 4 a.m. promptly. Corps headquarters will at first be at the Johnson house.

By command of Major-General Terry:

WM. P. SHREVE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

