
the movement of General Terry. Your remaining brigade is to occupy the whole line previously held by both brigades. I send you copies of dispatches for your information.

By direction of Brevet Major-General Weitzel:

GEO. W. KELLEY,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 12, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Fort Powhatan:

I send Captain Mason to Fort Powhatan with about fifty cavalry to join the cavalry with you and clear out the country of such persons as are engaged in destroying the wires between you and Jamestown. Send your cavalry, under Captain Mason, with such information and guides as you have. The captain has received from me verbal instructions what to do.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NORFOLK AND PORTMOUTH, October 12, 1864.

Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I would respectfully invite the attention of the major-general commanding to the weak state of the defenses at this point, arising from the denuding of the lines of nearly all the troops. The only forces now here are two companies of the Second Massachusetts Artillery, six companies of the Thirteenth New York Artillery, and portions of the First U. S. Colored doing provost duty, the Eighth New York Battery and the Second U. S. Colored Artillery [Battery B], together with the Twentieth New York Cavalry. This last is exclusively occupied with outpost duty. The only force that I can rely upon to hold the intrenched line covering Portsmouth are the two companies of the Second Massachusetts Artillery and four companies of the Thirteenth New York. One company of this regiment occupied Fort O'Rorke, near Norfolk, and another Fort Ringgold. In case of attack on the main line a portion of these might be drawn to its defense, but not over 100 men at Bowers' Hill, which, including the batteries, would not give a total of more than 1,000 men. That line is nearly two miles and a half long. There are several works on it requiring to be strongly garrisoned. In a former communication addressed to the chief of staff I pointed out my objections to the line and the mode of defense planned for this place. The works were placed by the engineers before my arrival. They evidently calculated for having for the defense of the line 5,000 men. I stated that I thought a mode of defense might be adopted requiring a less number of men. Existing circumstances,however, and the present state of the line necessitates that the original plan be pursued. I would now respectfully represent that in consequence of the sending out of disloyal citizens the enemy may be induced to attempt a raid upon this place, and request that re-enforcements may be sent to me. I would request one light battery and two good regiments of infantry,

