
division. They report their brigade lying from Pocahontas to Fort Clifton, on the Chesterfield side, forming the connection between Johnson's and Pickett's divisions. State that no movements have taken place of late in their vicinity. Do not think any of Pickett's division have crossed to the south side of the Appomattox. Contrabands from Petersburg crossed this a.m. at Covington. They report that all but three of the heavy guns that have been in position from Fort Clifton to Petersburg have been sent to Richmond. They were moving some last Saturday. Only one gun left in Fort Clifton and only three in position on the north bank of the Appomattox between Fort Clifton and Pocahontas. From City Point we learn the force on the north side of the James to be uncharged-Field's and Hoke's divisions, Johnson's old (Tennessee) brigade, and a regiment from each of Pickett's brigades, with the local troops. No troops have passed over the Virginia Central either easy since Rosser's cavalry brigade went to Early.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, October 13, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: John W. Timberlake, Fortieth Virginia, who came in last night about 12 midnight,near the Peebles place, on being examined by me states: That whilst on duty last night between 9 and 10 p.m. he heard his officer, Lieutenant Goerge, Fortieth Virginia, say that he understood that Archer asked Heth if he should take his (Archer's) brigade around and attack the negro troops, which he had learned from a spy were posted in the rear. (Whereabouts in the rear Timberlake does not know.) Heth replied no; that infantry was not the proper force to send, but that cavalry was the best. Timberlake was sent out on vedette at this moment and did not hear further. The man is now here if you wish to examine him further. Mr. Babcock has gone down to City Point this morning to return in the afternoon.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. DALLAS,

Captain and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, in Charge of Office.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, October 13, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Deserter from Third Georgia, Wright's brigade, Wilcox's division, came into the lines of the Third Division, Fifth Army Corps, this p.m. He states that his colonel said Whiting's division (20,000 strong) had arrived and was on the right of the line-enemy's right. Has not further knowledge of the fact. This is the first intimation of the arrival of Whiting's division. We have nothing to corroborate it. Informant is a man of ordinary intelligence and the rest of his information

