
concerning the location of his brigade and division is, as we know it to be, correct. There was a rumor brought by a deserter some week or ten days since of the arrival of Whiting's division, but was positively contradicted the next day by a well-informed deserter who had friends in the division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

CITY POINT, October 13, 1864.

JOHN C. BABCOCK,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Troops on the north side are uncharged. They are Field's and Hoke's divisions, Johnson's old (Tennessee) brigade, one regiment from each of Pickett's brigades, and the local defense. McEntee, who is here to remain, reports that no troops have passed over the Virginia Central either way since Rosser went to Early. Supplies to Early are sent by James River Canal, and the depot at Gordonsville has been removed toward Richmond. The transportation of the Central is said to be used in carrying goods from Richmond to Danville. Rumors of preparations to abandon Richmond are common about Orange Court-House. General Lee has full powers in the absence of Mr. Davis. Men are allowed to go into Richmond, but nothing short of a woman can get out.

SHARPE,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, October 13, 1864.

Colonel SHARPEH,

City Point:

Twelve deserters to-day, representing Cooke's, Gracie's, Ransom's, and Thomas' brigades. No change in enemy's position discovered. Contrabands report the moving of heavy guns from the forts on the Chesterfield side of the Appomattox, last Saturday, to Richmond. Only three guns from Fort Clifton to Petersburg, and only one in Fort Clifton.

J. C. BABCOCK.

CHURCH ROAD SIGNAL STATION, October 13, 1864.

Captain DAVIS:

One engine moved westward on South Side Railroad at 7.45 a.m. Infantry appear much more numerous than usual along works between fort 30 degrees east of north and lead-works.

J. L. PRAY,

Sergeant.

The above message was also sent to Captain Paine.

