
SQUIRREL LEVEL SIGNAL STATION,

October 13, 1864-6 p.m.

Captain DAVIS:

At 7 a.m noticed the smoke from an engine moving back and forth on South Side Railroad; finally it moved off in direction from Petersburg. Traced the smoke from a point about 20 degrees west of north to a point 25 degrees west of north. Observed a new camp of the enemy's in wood half a mile west of toll-gate on Boydton plank road. Should think it the camp of an infantry brigade. Troops more numerous near enemy's fortifications; 15 degrees west of north from this station noticed several small fatigue parties moving into the woods near that point.

SLEEPER,

Sergeant.

CHURCH ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

October 13, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Captain DAVIS:

At 10.30 a.m. about 200 infantry passed westward by fort 30 degrees east of north on Boydton plank road; 3.50 p.m. about 300 men, apparently convalescents came westward by fort on Boydton plank road. Men were drilling near fort on Boydton plank road and near the lead-works. At 4.45 the enemy strengthened his picket along the front.

J. L. PRAY,

Sergeant,
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 13, 1864.

Major B. F. FISHER:

Captain Thickstun reports a party of enemy at work this p.m. at point reported this a.m. Sergeant Jordan reports nothing new. Sergeant Holman, all quiet. Enemy sent a long message, but he was unable to take the numbers on account of high wind. Lieutenant Strong reports that enemy threw up earth last night in front of Fort McGilvery, and that it has the appearance of a fort under construction. Sergeant Carothers reports all quiet. I sent you the new code by Doctor Howard.

P. A. TAYLOR,

Captain and Signal Officer.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 277..October 13, 1864

* * * * *

4. Upon the recommendation of the commanding officer Second Army Corps, the following changes will be made in the garrisons of the inclosed works on the line of the First Division, Second Army Corps; Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, Major J. E. Larkin, to be placed in Fort Stedman in place of Fifty-seventh and One hundred and twenty-fifth New York and One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Captain, L. Mercer, in Battery Numbers 4., in place of Second New York Artillery; Twenty-eighth

