HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 13, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In compliance with your order, I have the honor to report the names of officers who were killed in the late battle at Peebles' farm: Colonel Norval E. Welch, Sixteenth Michigan Veteran Volunteers; Captain J. H. Wheaton, First Michigan Veteran Volunteers; Captain W. H. Keene, Twentieth Maine Volunteers; First Lieutenant Thomas D. Urmston, Twelfth U. S. Infantry; Second Lieutenant J. Conahey, One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Respectfully,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,October 13, 1864

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A deserter named Youngsen, from the Third Georgia, Wright's brigade, of Mahone's division, came into my lines this evening. He seems to be a man of more than ordinary intelligence; is quite different from the ordinary class of deserters, and if closely and carefully questioned would probably [sic.]. He confirms the report that Whiting is opposite our left with a large number of men. He denies that there is the despondency among the rebels that is represented. He says that the regiments are receiving re-enforcements daily; that his own company got fourteen men the other day. He reports, also, a rumor of importance that the rebels are considering the subject of calling our 250,000 slaves for their army, to be free in case of the success of their cause General Anderson commands Beauregard's troops. The man says that he had two sons in Pittsburg, and that he believes they are in our army. A negro soldier deserted to the enemy to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 13, 1864-5 p.m.

Brigadier-General CRAWFORD,

Fifth Corps:

Information from deserters and others indicates an attempt on our left and rear by the enemy's cavalry. Parke has been directed to occupy the redoubt to the west of Fort Dushane. The officer in Fort Dushane should be notified to be vigilant and let his pickets connect with those thrown out from Parke's work. You will also have to be prepared with the reserves of the corps to move to the rear in case of a persistent attack.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

