HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,October 13, 1864-6.45 p.m.

[Lieutenant-Colonel LOCKE:]

COLONEL: It is not necessary to transmit the dispatch, * as it came from headquarters of the army. Please direct Generals Griffin,

Ayres, and Baxter to hold a brigade each in readiness to move to the left at once upon the receipt of orders to that effect. Please direct General Baxter to inform the commanding officer of Fort Dushane of the condition of things, and direct him to be vigilant and to connect with Parke by a strong picket-line, and cover the Halifax road. Please mark any dispatches for me to Captain Cowdrey in the corner of the envelope.

Yours, respectfully,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 13, 1864

[General S. W. CRAWFORD:]

GENERAL: Captain Davis, chief signal officer, reports the observations of to-day, as follows:

Increase of enemy's picket force in front of the Boswell house, on the Church road, and a considerable increase of the enemy near the large fort on the Boydton plank road at or near where it is crossed by Rohoick Creek.

I will telegraph the above to headquarters Army of the Potomac.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Forwarded to Brigadier General S. Williams at 7 p.m.)

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 142.October 13, 1864

Information having been received from headquarters Army of the Potomac, indicating that the enemy's cavalry intend making an attempt on our left and rear, the following dispositions are ordered; Each division commander will hold a brigade in readiness to move to the left at once, upon the receipt of orders to that effect. Brigadier-General Baxter, commanding Third Division, will inform the commanding officer of Fort Dushane of this contemplated movement on the part of the enemy, and direct him to be vigilant and to connect with the troops of the Ninth Corps by a strong picket-line, and cover the Halifax road.

By command of Brigadier-General Crawford, commanding corps:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Next, ante.

---------------

