
to their right for the purpose of attacking the negro troops. The deserters said nothing to me about this, and as he has been sent forward it would be well to question him further, and if there is anything in it General Gregg should be notified.

JNumbers G. PARKE,,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Referred to Mr. Babcock, who will examine particularly into this and report without delay. Return this telegram.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 13, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Major-General PARKE:

I have given orders to have the deserter referred to by you particularly examined. I send you the result.* I attach no importance to this report, as we have quite recent intelligence from other deserters that Mahone's division is in line from the Weldon railroad to the Jerusalem plank road. The deserter now says it was a brigade of Heth's division that was to make the attack. It would be as well you should hurry the occupation and armament of the rear redoubts and get the troops into position to meet any attempt on the part of the enemy.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 13, 1864-10.20 p.m.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

Instruction was received this evening from General Meade that you would occupy the redoubt west of Fort Dushane with your troops, and that we were to connect with your pickets thrown out in front of your work. General Crawford supposed that the fort you would occupy would be the one next west of Fort Dushane. A staff officer of General Baxter, who has just come in, reports the fort west of the last mentioned occupied with colored troops and pickets out in front of it. As General Baxter's pickets will connect with yours, will you please state where the left of your line will rest? General Crawford having gone to his own headquarters, I have the honor to send this.

Respectfully,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH CORPS,October 13, 1864-11 p.m.

Colonel LOCKE:

The left of my picket-line now rests on the Vaughan road below the redoubt on the road. In the morning I propose placing a regiment

---------------

*See Dallas to Humphreys, p. 199.

---------------

