
CITY POINT, VA., October 13, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Please give me such information as you have of the result of General Terry's reconnaissance . Such wild rumors were afloat about Varina this evening that I feel much anxiety to know the facts.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,October 13, 1864-9.50 p.m. (Received 10.20 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point Va.:

The operations to-day as I learn them from General Terry, are as follows: With two division and Kautz's cavalry he went up the Darbytown road; went along the enemy's lines to the right for something like a mile, driving in the enemy's pickets, with considerable loss to them. He then sent me a telegram, which I forwarded to you at 12 m. To that I returned an answer, "Dispatch received; contents referred to General Grant. Will send orders," at 12.10. After receiving your orders at 1.30 I dispatched to him the following: "I would not attack the enemy in their intrenchments. After carefully reconnoitering the enemy, find their position, look at all the roads, and retire at leisure." At 3 o'clock I received from him that General Kautz had found a place in the line where there was apparently a gap, and Ames had gone in with a brigade before my orders were received; that he would retire as soon as that fact was settled. Ames was unsuccessful, owing to the enemy's lines being retired, which gave the impression that there was a gap in the line. The enemy then charged Ames and were repulsed handsomely. Terry then retired leisurely, followed only by a line of skirmishers for a short distance. The losses in his corps, he says, during the day were between 300 and 400. The troops are all back in their camps and everything quiet. There is not the slightest cause for any anxiety. I had telegraphed for all particulars from General Terry, but ascertained that, being very much tired, he was home abed.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

October 13, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Now that the enemy's line is extended so far to our left, is there any objection to my sending to Bermuda one of the two regiments sent to Prince George Court-House?

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 13, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

I have ordered General Benham to send back one of the regiments brought from Bermuda. Please notify Colonel Potter that it will reach Bermuda between this and morning, and for him to designate where it shall go.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

