
the statement in regard to wheels, which confirms a report which I have received from General William Birney that the noise of artillery or wagons moving to our right had been heard by one of his officers on the picket-line. I send this for what it may be worth and in order not to with hold any information which can possibly be of value:
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,October 13, 1864-12. 15 a.m.

LIEUTENANT: In pursuance of instructions from General Ames I made a careful reconnaissance of the enemy's movements from our picket-line in front of the Kell house in the direction of the Darbytown road. I could hear the movement of wheels toward our right. There seemed to be activity of the enemy in the same direction. Axes could be heard and pounding as if in the construction of fortifications. Within about twenty minutes two shots were fired within the enemy's lines, apparently accidentally; immediately on the picket-line of the enemy all was quiet. It is my impression that forces of the enemy have been moved to the neighborhood of the Darbytown road from our left.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, &amp;c.

EDWARD CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Vols. and Division Officer of the Day.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,October 13, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

GENERAL: The attack was delayed till 6.35 a.m. by the failure of General Kautz to get up in time. Ames has been quite smartly engaged; Birney less so. I get reports from General Kautz and Colonel Spear that the enemy appear to be in force cavalry and infantry on the Charles City road, the line facing the Darbytown road. Ames and Birney still advancing. Will report again soon.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.

OCTOBER 13, 1864-8.45 a.m.

General TERRY:

Dispatch received 8.30. Heard first sharp musketry at 7.40; next at 8 o'clock.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,October 13, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

Commanding Department:

General Ames, whose left rests upon the Darbytown road, and whose right extends more than half a mile, as he says, from the road, has felt the enemy's line, and sends me the report from his brigade commanders that along the whole of his front there are rifle-pits and slashing, the slashing from 100 to 200 yards in width. There is a battery opposite his center. General William Birney reports a strong inclosed

