
work on the Darby road, with artillery, but whether more than one gun is not known. Some distance to the west of the road is another work, in which there is also artillery. He cannot ascertain if the work is inclosed or not. Connecting these two works is a strong breast-work, covered by a slashing. This breast-work extends beyond the last-mentioned work, how far is not yet known, but is trying to ascertain. General Kautz, on Ames' right, has a part of his men dismounted, and I have asked him to feel all along, to ascertain whether the line is continuous or ends between the two roads. Spear is on the Charles City road with his brigade, and reports in his front two regiments of cavalry and a small force of infantry. As at present advised, I think we cannot pierce their works except by massing on some point and attacking in column. I hesitate to do this without further instructions from you after our conversation of last night. Please direct me in regard to it. As well as I can ascertain, the works are as you located them on the map last evening.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,October 13, 1864-12.10 p.m.

General TERRY:

Dispatch received; contents referred to General Grant. Will send orders.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,October 13, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Major-General TERRY,

Commanding:

I would not attack the enemy in their intrenchments. Having carefully reconnoitered the enemy, found their position, and looked out all the roads, retire at leisure.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,October 13, 1864-2 p.m. (Received 2.40 p.m.)

General BUTLER:

Since my last dispatch to you Kautz reported to me that there was a place beyond Ames' right in front of which there appeared to be no slashing. I therefore ordered Ames to extend his right and try to break in. I have just received your dispatch ordering me to retire at leisure, but at the moment of its reception Ames' movement was in progress. I am not yet informed of the result, but from the cessation of firing I do not think it has been successful. Will report again in a few moments.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.

