HEADQUARTERS, Globe Tavern, October 1, 1864. (Received 9 a. m.)

General WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: The One hundred and eighty-fifth New York Regiment has reported this morning without tents, rations, or ammunition. All these are in charge of the regimental quartermaster at City Point, Lieutenant Gilbert. Please direct that they be sent at once.

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 1, 1864-9.10 a. m.

General S. W. CRAWFORD,Headquarters Fifth Corps:

General Ingalls has been requested to send forward as soon as possible the tents, subsistence, and ammunition of the One hundred and eighty-fifth New York Volunteers.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Globe Tavern, October 1, 1864-9.25 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: The thirteen prisoners taken this morning belong as follows: Three from Walker's brigade, of Heth's division; seven from Archer's brigade, of Heth's division; three from Dearing's brigade of cavalry; one officer, aide-de-camp to General Dunovant (cavalry). A deserter, just brought in, reports that he belongs to Twenty-sixth Mississippi, of Davis' brigade, of Heth's division. He says the whole of Heth's division is here and that some said Wilcox was on the right. He says that the works yesterday were defended in part by Dearing's brigade of cavalry, about 1,000 strong. Firing has nearly ceased on the left.

S. W. CRAWFORD,Brigadier-General, Commanding Defenses.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, October 1, 1864-12.45 p. m.

[Colonel LOCKE:]

COLONEL: General Crawford wishes me to say that he will send a guard through all the camps to pick up any stragglers there may be. He thinks there are but few of them, however. There has been heavy picket-firing on the right of our line about where the enemy broke through on the 19th of August. Lieutenant Clarke reports half an hour ago "the enemy advancing a skirmish line upon our right of the railroad. We cannot see any line in the rear of it, but the woods would hide it if there was a line." General Meade has not yet arrived here.

Very respectfully,

A. S. MARVIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Your orders about bedding, &amp;c., will be attended to.

M.

