
CITY POINT, October 14, 1864-1 p.m.

(Received 3.30 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK

Washington:

I wish you would order Allen's battery (H, Rhode Island) here. I will send back in return to be recruited up Batteries A and B, Rhode Island. These two number but one officer and seventy-nine men.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 14, 1864-12 m. (Sent 12.10 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Conversations with cavalry vedettes on the left yesterday seemed on the part of the enemy to indicate some movements of their cavalry against our rear, as particular inquiry was made as to the location of the colored troops. The day and night have, however, passed without disturbance. Deserters continue to repeat report of the presence of General Whiting with re-enforcements from North Carolina. I cannot ascertain anything positive upon this point, but judge from so many rumors that it is probable some effort is being made to procure re-enforcements from that State under Whiting. In view of a probable cavalry movement I am unable to report the progress of the works in front of City Point under General Benham, as that officers does not, although ordered to do so, make any reports to these headquarters.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, October 14, 1864.

(Received 1.30 p.m.)

Major-General MEADE:

My staff officers have examined the work done by General Benham and report it about as defensible as ordinary rifle-pits; with the work progressing well. Owing to a threatening attack on Bermuda Hundred I had to order back one of the regiments drawn from General Butler during the night last night. This diminishes Benham's working force.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

October 14, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Four deserters from Archer's and MacRae's brigades, of Heth's division, came into General Parke's lines to-night. No change in the enemy's position on the right. Cooke's brigade on extreme right joins the cavalry near Claypole's house (marked J. Boisseau's on map). No reserve forces on the right. Works very strong and well defended

15 R R-VOL XLII, PT III

