
with slashings and abatis. No information concerning Whiting's division. One of informants heard it was at Stony Creek a week ago. Other informants think the rumor of its having arrived here is a canard. The line from the lead-works to the extreme right is still held by Heth's and three brigades of Wilcox's division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK,
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

October 14, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Scouts have just returned bringing the following communication from Richmond agent. Some of Early's men have arrived-say about a brigade, amounting to probably 3,000 or 4,000 men. If the numbers mentioned are at all accurate, a division must have arrived, as there is no brigade in Early's command which numbers over 1,200 men. The last report made by scouts from Fredericksburg was to the effect that part of the troops which had been sent from Richmond to Early had returned to Richmond. The indications from their report were that it was Kershaw's command. The Richmond agent also reports that a body of artillerymen have arrived from Early's command without their guns. These are undoubtedly the men belonging to the artillery recently captured by General Sheridan. These men have been placed in the local defenses of Richmond. General Kemper is in command of the city of Richmond. General Lee's headquarters are at James Taylor's farm, near and northwest from Chaffin's Bluff. A good report is expected early next week from the same party.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.

CHURCH ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

October 14, 1864-9 a.m.

Captain PAINE:

At 7.10 a.m. an engine moved westward on South Side Railroad. No other movements have been observed from this station.

J. L. PRAY,

Sergeant..
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 14, 1864.

Major FISHER:

Sergeant Jordan reports that a small infantry camp west of Pocahontas and near Richmond pike disappeared last night. No other changes. Carothers reports that more infantry camped during the night in new camp west of railroad and to right of large fort. The camp now consists of about two brigades. All quiet and no other change visible. Holman reports all quiet. I had given such orders in regard to intercepted messages.

P. A. TAYLOR,

Signal Officer.

