
on the work which the enemy is erecting in front of Fort McGilvery for the purpose of annoying working parties. If the Eleventh New York Battery commands the position better than yours he desires that battery to keep up the necessary fire. If necessary, show this letter to the commanding officer Eleventh New York Battery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. D. EDDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,October 14, 1864

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following changes in the lines of this division: The Second U. S. Sharpshooters, Eighty-sixth and One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Volunteers have been removed from their position in rear of the woods to the rear of the second line of works, near Fort Sedgwick. Nothing further of note occurred since my last report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. DE TROBRIAND,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,October 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General DE TROBRIAND,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL; The major-general commanding directs that you send a large regiment (not less than 250 men) to Fort Stevenson the high ground near the Williams house, and a small regiment to the work on the plank road near the Finn house, known as Fort Blaisdell. These troops will put the forts in repair under direction of the engineers, and will afterward be required to keep them in order. Please report the number and commanders of the garrisons.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 14, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance transpired during yesterday and last night. A picket-line was established last night in front of Fort Dushane, covering the Halifax road and extending to the Vaughan road on the right, connecting with the pickets of the Ninth Corps. A force was thrown into Fort Davison and outposts

