
of the old line, and seem to be building a work to flank their lines in front of Fort McGilvery. The supposed position of the working parties was shelled all night at intervals. The enemy show unusual vigor in strengthening their lines. New and strong fraise can be discovered opposite Fort Morton.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 15, 1864-10.30 p.m. (Sent 11 p.m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,

Second Corps:

Your dispatch in reference to the new works and projects of the enemy has been referred to Major Michler, acting chief engineer, who has been directed to make examinations and report. I hardly think we shall have the time, if we had the men, to erect the new works indicated by you. Can you spare any working parties from your corps?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

October 15, 1864. (Received 11.25 p.m.)

Major-General MEADE:

I suppose I could furnish small working parties, but the commanders now think their men are worked unusually hard. They are furnishing some men daily, building a corduroy road from Jones' house to Avery's house and defensive works along the lines. There are a good many recruits in the command whom we are trying to drill, and I have not allowed them to be worked within the last few days on that account.

Very respectfully,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 15, 1864.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the changes in the garrisons of the inclosed works on this line directed in Special Orders, Numbers 277, current series, from headquarters Army of the Potomac, were made during the night. The following changes in commanding officers became necessary by the discharge and muster-out of Captain Ketcham, Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, and Major Larkin, Fifth New Hampshire, respectively: Major W. A. Crafts, Fifth New Hampshire, to command Fort Stedman; Captain Victor D. Renwick, Sixty-fourth New York to command Fort Haskell. The names of commanding officers of Batteries 11 and 12, left blank in order above mentioned, are Lieutenant M. Murphy, Sixty-ninth New York, commanding Battery 11; Lieutenant Sweeney, Sixty-ninth New York, commanding Battery 12; the One hundred and eleventh New York, Captain Murdock, garrisons Battery 14.

Very respectfully,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

