HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Peebles' House, October 1, 1864-5 p. m.

Brigadier-General CRAWFORD:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs you to relieve General Ayres' pickets this evening with a detail of 200 men. This force is not intended to fight, but as a lookout so as to give timely warning to the fort. General Ayres' pickets, when relieved, will report here. Please given instructions accordingly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, October 1, 1864-5.55 p. m.

General WARREN,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Your order is received. Ayres' pickets will be at once relieved by General Baxter, as I cannot spare any more men from General Bragg. He is picketing in front of the negro troops as far as Howard. The enemy threw out a strong skirmish line about noon, and advanced into the woods, engaging my skirmishers at a point opposite to the right of my line where Ayres' right formerly rested. Their line of battle advanced to their works. Ferrero has just reported that the enemy are feeling his lines to the right of Fort Howard, but have not shown any force as yet. All else is quiet. The new troops are in the works from Wadsworth to the right. I replaced the battery in 26 when the picket-firing began. The fog is heavy and impedes all view from the signal station. I greatly rejoice in your success of yesterday and only regret I was not with you.

Very respectfully,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS, October 1, 1864-7.55 p. m.

General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The enemy about 5.20 p. m. advanced a strong skirmish line on Ferrero's right near Fort Howard. He has just reported that their skirmish line fell back after receiving our fire. I have just received the 7.30 dispatch of the major-general commanding and will advance all I have under my command at daylight. I will be guided by the instructions I received this p. m. and will act independently of my flanks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

