
Fort Harrison to enemy's right, has had but an embrasure in each outer face; another has been cut in one of the inner faces. They are at work at one through the other. Enemy at work on both sides of Cox's Ferry as usual."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. CLUM,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

SIGNAL STATION OF OBSERVATION,

In Front of the Left of the Tenth Army Corps Line,

October 15, 1864-7 p.m.

Lieutenant WILLIAM P. SHREVE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

The enemy has displayed great activity to-day in strengthening their breast-works and placing abatis all along their line. The rebels commenced throwing up another new breast-work this afternoon, joining an old rifle-pit, which touches the south side of the New Market road near a white painted building. About 150 men were seen at work upon it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PAUL BRODIE,

First Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army,

Commanding Signal Detachment, Tenth Army Corps.

(Copy sent to General Butler 8.30 p.m.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA., AND N. C.,

ARMY OF THE JAMES,

Numbers 132. In the Field, October 15, 1864.

Brigadier General Charles K. Graham, U. S. Volunteers, is, in addition to his other duties, hereby assigned to the command of all the troops belonging to this department occupying the lines between the James and Appomattox Rivers, or stationed on the south bank of the last-named river, including the garrison of Redoubt Converse, and the First Connecticut Artillery. Commanding officers will report to him without delay.

By command of Major-General Butler:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

October 15, 1864. (Received 10 a.m.)

Colonel ABBOT:

I think that the wharf at Aiken's Landing will bear the 100-pounder gun, and will send some engineers down there to strengthen it in case it is not. I will want all of the 4 1/2-[inch] rifles at the Water Battery. I should like to have the platform for the 100-pounder sent over to the redoubt as soon as possible. I got home late last night or I would have sent sooner.

PETER S. MICHIE,

U. S. Engineers.

