
DUTCH GAP, VA., October 15, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Train:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the enemy fired several shots from their Coehorns to-day. The range is so great, however, that they appeared to fall at random. More attention was paid our batteries than usual, dropping most of their shells in their vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE.

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,October 15, 1864. (Received 8.40 p.m.)

General BUTLER:

The officer of the day of the corps informs me that deserters who came in to-day report that the enemy were re-enforced by a division last night.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., 10TH A. C.,

Numbers 20.October 15, 1864.

I. Major George B. Dyer, Ninth Maine Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as acting assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters and will report to his regiment for duty. The colonel commanding takes this occasion to bear testimony to the ability and gallantry with which Major Dyer has always performed his duties, and to express his regret that Major Dyer's well-deserved promotion prevent his being retained on the brigade staff.

II. First Lieutenant and Adjutant H. S. Sanford, One hundred and fifteenth New York Volunteers, is hereby announced as acting assistant adjutant-general of this brigade and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Colonel Louis Bell, commanding brigade:

[G. W. HUCKINS,]

Lieutenant Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 15, 1864. (Received 12. 40 p.m.)

General BUTLER:

I think the best way to prevent the rebel gun-boats from attacking our left or Dutch Gap is to put torpedoes in the river at the left of our picket-line. If this is done, the rebel flag-of-truce boat will have to be notified not to come down to Cox's Landing, and the prisoners will have to be transported through the left of our line.

G. WEITZEL,

Brevet Major-General.

