
GENERAL ORDERS. HDQRS. KAUTZ'S CAVALRY DIVISION,

Numbers 10. In the Field, October 15, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel Patton, of the First New York Mounted Rifles, is hereby assigned to the command of the dismounted camp of this division.

By command of Brigadier-General Kautz:

THEO. H. SCHENCK,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 16, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Major-General Hancock reports the enemy strengthening and adding to his works on his (General Hancock's) immediate front. General Hancock last night directed his batteries to shell at intervals the enemy's working parties. General Hancock likewise reports the enemy as throwing up works on the left bank of the Appomattox between Petersburg and Fort Clifton. General Hancock is of the opinion these works are designed for offensive movements looking to a crossing of the Appomattox on our right flank. I have directed Major Michler to examine into this matter and report, but am at present of the opinion these works are more likely to be defensive and to guard against such movement, on our part, particularly if there is anything in the prevailing opinion the enemy are preparing to abandon the south side of the Appomattox. Quiet prevails on the left of our lines. The defensive works are nearly completed. I regret to have to report a continuance of desertions to the enemy from this army. Five are reported as having deserted last night from the Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, and three on the 14th instant from the Second Division, Second Army Corps; the latter, I regret to say, were old soldiers. Generally these desertions, which of late have become quite frequent, have been confined to newly arrived recruits, and mostly substitutes and foreigners. A regiment of cavalry was sent this morning to Fort Powhatan in accordance with your instructions received last evening. A reconnaissance made by General Gregg on the 14th instant in a southerly direction failed to obtain any intelligence of previously reported movements by the enemy's cavalry. They ascertained, however, that the enemy's guerrillas had murdered aa Mr. Brockwell and his servant, residing just without our picket-lines, for no other reason than that he had taken the oath of allegiance to the United States and drawn provisions from the commissary to feed his destitute family. The authors of this barbarous outrage are unknown and cannot therefore be punished as their disgraceful crime merits. The victim's headless body was found by our people, brought within our line, and buried.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

October 16, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Five deserters, representing Harris', Sanders', and Wright's brigades, of Mahone's division, came into the lines of the Second Army

