
Roder continues to fire during the night on the enemy's new work in front of Fort McGilvery and reports that he annoys the enemy's working parties very much.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. HAZARD,

Major, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 16, 1864.

Lieutenant JOHN W. RODER,

Commanding Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery:

LIEUTENANT: The major commanding instructs me to inform you that he directs you to keep up an irregular fire on the work the enemy are erecting in your front as heretofore ordered, and to continue this fire every night until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. D. EDDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,October 16, 1864

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the breast-work built to connect Fort Sedgwick with Fort Davis, in direct line parallel with the plank road, has been nearly finished last night, and I do not see any disposition to tear it down and make the connection in a different way, as directed by the major-general commanding Second Corps. I have waited at Fort Sedgwick for Captain Benyaurd, of the Engineer Corps, and left word for him that I would like to see him at my headquarters but he has not reported so far. He is the officer who took upon himself to alter the plans approved at first, and to have the work made in the most useless, not to say objectionable, way. I respectfully request, therefore, that positive orders be given to him the work, leveled, and a new connection built between the battery on the right of the plank road and the breast-works already existing across the nearest point of woods, as intended at first.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. DE TROBRIAND,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 16, 1864-9 a.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS:

I have the honor to report that nothing unusual transpired in front of this corps yesterday or during the night. It was very quiet during the last twenty-four hours. A detail of 600 men was at work yesterday on the new redoubt in General Griffin's front.

Respectfully,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.

