
it to the field. For discipline and courage it has been equaled by few, surpassed by none of the regiments with which I have served. It is now very much reduced in numbers, and will be still further reduced by the expiration of the term of service of the men. I know of no prospect of it receiving recruits. It seems to me that it would be a great misfortune that such a regiment should disappear, for I believe that one man placed in it and imbued with its spirit would be of more value than two me placed in many regiments, even among those which are called good. I earnestly desire that an effort should be made to fill its ranks, and for that purpose I recommend that Colonel F. A. Osborn be detailed to proceed to Massachusetts to confer with the local authorities and take such means to procure men as he may find to be best.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Richmond, Va., October 16, 1864.

Colonel H. M PLAISTED,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you throw up a new line of works form the right flank of the redan you are now working on to the angle in front of the One hundredth New York Volunteers, thereby cutting off the salient at the road which passes out at your front. You will leave a roadway as at present, using your own judgment in the work.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. A. CARLETON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., October 16, 1864.

Colonel JAMES SHAW, Jr.,

Commanding Seventh U. S. Colored Troops:

COLONEL: I am directed bye the brigadier-general commanding to call you attention to the following extract from your report of the operations of your command on the 29th of September last:*

I was then directed by the general commanding to form "in right into line" on the right of the road and in a direction oblique to it, a slight descent in the ground partially covering the line, then to charge and take an earth-work some three-quarters of a mile in our front. Before the line was formed this order was countermanded, and I was directed to send out four companies as skirmishers for the same purpose.

The brigadier-general commanding has no recollection of having countermanded the order first mentioned by you. The only subsequent order from him was given you by Captain Bailey, his assistant adjutant-general. Captain Bailey made a memorandum. The following is a copy:

The general commanding directs you to advance with you whole force and attack the work in your front, which is firing. You will throw forward four companies of your command as skirmishers.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 772.

---------------

