
yet been heard to-night (7.30). He desires an explanation of this, and that the order be strictly carried out in future. The time when the fire is most necessary is before the moon rises.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. D. EDDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 17, 1964.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Assistant-General, Second Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to request that an engineer officer be directed to sink shafts in Forts McGilvery and Stedman, with a view of detecting any attempt at mining by the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 17, 1864-9 a. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that everything was unusually quiet in my front yesterday and last night. One deserter from Sixteenth North Carolina was received and forwarded. The following dispositions were made yesterday in the position of the troops of this corps: The First Division to occupy the line form the right of the Ninth Corps to a point half way between Squirrel Level road and Vaughan road. The Second Division to extend from the right of the First Division to Fort Wadsworth. The Third Division to garrison Forts Wadsworth and Dushane, and occupy the line from Fort Wadsworth to Battery 24; also to keep a post of two companies in Fort Davison.

For Brigadier-General Crawford, commanding corps:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 17, 1864.

General S. W. CRAWFORD:

We have just finished a new redoubt on the right of my front line near the junction with your left. The battery intended for this redoubt was posted a few days since in Vaughan redoubt and one between it and Fort Dushane. Being short of artillery for the occupation of all works along the line, I would be obliged to you if you could relieve this battery so that I may put it in our front line. Colonel Tidball, our chief of artillery, has conferred with Colonel Wainwright on the subject, who thinks a battery can be spared for the purpose.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

