
to move up to your left and co-operate with you. You will assume command of his troops also. As soon as Mott joins you, you and General Warren will attack the enemy and endeavor to envelop his right flank. Mott will have 5,000 or 6,000 men, and Gregg between 3,000 and 4,000. Gregg will, of course, form part of your fighting force. The major-general commanding will start for the Peebles house soon.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

YELLOW TAVERN, October 1, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General PARKE, Commanding Ninth Corps:

One brigade of Mott's division has arrived here and is leaving for your headquarters. The division will now continue to arrive rapidly.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Peebles', October 1, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

Any advance that we may be able to make this evening may result in the taking of the Pegram house, but I think nothing further. The enemy have artillery at that point, but there is no positive evidence of any heavy force, although there is slight skirmishing toward that position, and to the right. The ground is getting very soft. No change has been made in my lines. When General Mott arrives I propose forming Willcox and Potter and moving them on to the Pegram house and use Mott to support and extend to the left. Will Major-General Meade be here? General Warren will advance Griffin's division, but Ayres will not be able to make any advance.

JNumbers G. PARKE,Major-General.

YELLOW TAVERN, October 1, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Meade and staff have just left for your headquarters. Will you please send some of your mounted orderlies to report to me for the purpose of conducting the troops as they arrive to you? Send for the stragglers, &amp;c. I am sending those from the Fifth Corps forward.

Respectfully,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 1, 1864-6.45 p. m.

Major-General PARKE, Commanding Ninth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move forward as soon after daylight to-morrow as practicable and attack the enemy, moving in such a way as will strike him most effectually, probably by throwing forward your left and endeavoring to turn his right flank.

