HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 18, 1864.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that about noon yesterday the enemy's mortar batteries opened on Fort Sedgwick and Battery Numbers 20. This fire was replied to with rapidity and accuracy by our mortars at that point, we appearing to have a decided advantage on this part of the line. About 8 p. m. the mortar batteries at Fort Sedgwick, Battery 20, and Fort Morton were ordered to open, and for an hour the firing was quite heavy along the line. Lieutenant Roder continues to fire from Fort McGilvery on the work being put au in his front with evident effect, as no increase in size is visible, and it seems to be much torn up by our projectiles. The enemy reply heavily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. HAZARD,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,October 18, 1864.

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that Fort Blaisdell is fully completed and ready to be armed with artillery. Fort Patrick Kelly is not finished. The parapets are but partly constructed on two sides, and the work seems to be abandoned for the present. I respectfully submit that the Fortieth New York Volunteers may easily furnish a fatigue detail to finish the work, as there is nothing more to be done at Fort Blaisdell. On the front line, the new defensive line in the rear of Fort Sedgwick is early finished, and extends to the left side of the plank road so as to enlarge that part of the works and to add considerably to its strength for defense. There are still some bomb-proofs to be leveled outside, which will be done, I have no doubt, as soon as the in leveled outside, which will be done, I have no doubt, as soon as the intrenchment is completed. The straight line form Fort Davis to Fort Sedgwick has been leveled last night down to the left of the plank road, according to orders from Major-General Hancock. To-night the connection between Ricketts' battery and the breast-works on the right will be much advanced, if not completed altogether.

Respectfully submitted.

R. DE TROBRIAND,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 18, 1864-9 a. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance transpired in my command yesterday or during the night. A detail of 600 men were at work during the day on the new redoubt on the left of Griffin's division.

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

