
during the march, each mule carrying the tools for forty pioneers. The quartermaster's department will provide the necessary mules and appropriate panniers for this service. Brigade and division commanders are directed to give special attention to the prompt formation and equipment of their pioneer parties. In camp, the pioneer parties will make the ordinary repairs to roads, build bridges, &amp;c.; on the march, they will move at the head of the infantry column and promptly put in order all parts of the route where artillery and wagons have to pass, whether for their own command or troops to follow.

By command of Brigadier-General Potter:

SAML. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., CAV. CORPS,Numbers 77. October 18, 1864.

1. In pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 15, from headquarters Second Cavalry Division, dated October 18, 1864, the following organizations are hereby detached and will report to the commanding officer of the Third Cavalry Brigade without delay: First Maine Cavalry and Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry Regiments.

2. The following-named officer is hereby relieved as acting provost-marshal, and will report to the commanding officer of the Third Cavalry Brigade for duty: Second Lieutenant L. H. Daggett, Company L, First Maine Cavalry.

* * * * *

4. The command of the Third Cavalry Brigade having devolved upon Colonel C. H. Smith, First maine Cavalry, Colonel M. Kerwin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, will assume command of this brigade.

JNumbers B. MAITLAND,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, October 18, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER:

The Secretary of War, two weeks since, directed me to repair form Washington to Kentucky to bring to you 5,000 of the colored troops. I commenced organizing in that State about July 1. I designated six regiments. Two of them, the first organized, I filled up with recruits, and the number, when all join you, will be 5,500. Three of the regiments have detachments absent, but they will join in a few days. One regiment left here yesterday. Two others are here, and will leave to-morrow. The fourth should be here to-morrow, the fifth the next day, the sixth may be a week later, and will receive their additional equipments here. Physically they are the best I have organized, and I only regret they have not had more time for drill. I am satisfied they will do the work assigned them. Separation from records will delay for a few days the appointment of officers already designated; still there will be several vacancies. I will furnish roster of officer. You will wish to make the subsequent appointments, and this I would greatly prefer. I expect to have the pleasure of seeing you in a few days.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

