
II. The commanding officer of the six companies of the Forty-first U. S. Colored Troops will report with his command to Brigadier General William Birney, commanding Third Division, Tenth Army Corps.

III. So much of paragraph I of this order as reads One hundred and fifteenth U. S. Colored Troops is hereby amended to read One hundred and seventeenth U. S. Colored Troops.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Butler:

ISRAEL R. SEALY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DUTCH GAP, VA., October 18, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report but few shots from the enemy to-day. Mounted the second 100-pounder this p. m., and shifted the 4.5-inch guns to the firing trunnions. Have put the men in camp just outside the work for the present until the engineers have finished. Shall wait orders from Major Cook to open fire, I suppose. Major Ludlow was here to-day and yesterday, and wished me to do so forthwith; told him I did not deem it policy before the magazines was covered, and besides there was no ammunition for the pieces he desired to use. Coludn't the 8-inch mortars be removed on a barge?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,October 18, 1864.

Brigadier General A. AMES,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I think it would be well to cut roads from the intrenchments on your front perpendicularly back to the New Market road, and as far as it has not already been done to make a wide road for the movement of troops parallel to and about 100 yards in rear of your line. I think that about four perpendicular roads would be enough. Please hurry forward as fast as possible the completion of your line, the construction of the abatis, and the slashing in its front, so that the tools may be disposable for work elsewhere.

Very truly, yours,

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Filed, Va., October 18, 1864.

First Lieutenant W. P. SHREVE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Corps:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders form corps headquarters, I relieved Colonel H. M. Plaisted, Eleventh Maine Volunteers, as officer of the day yesterday morning. The picket-line

