
The object being finally to effect a lodgment upon the Boydton plank road, within reach of the South Side Railroad, or, if we prove to be strong enough, to follow the enemy closer to Petersburg. These being the objects, you must be governed by circumstances in the extent by which you endeavor to secure them. Major-General Warren is ordered to attack with you with all his force excepting that left with the forts on the Weldon railroad. You will use General Gregg in such manner as will most effectually aid you, either by forcing his way up the road past Hawks' and coming in on your left, or by attacking the enemy in the vicinity of his present position.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 1, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Major-General PARKE,Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

General Gregg reports that Hampton is in front of him with four brigades, and he expects to be attacked in the morning. Send him a brigade if he calls on you for support. He is told to call on you if he needs it.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, October 1, 1864-6 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: General Davies' brigade did not get back to Davis' until between 1 and 2 o'clock this morning. General Dunovant's (formerly Butler's) brigade was met after dark on the telegraph road, near Armstrong's. One of General D.'s staff officers captured reports that General Hampton's cavalry were engaged with our infantry (Fifth and Ninth Corps) yesterday. The order for a movement of my command did not reach me until after 5 o'clock this morning. I will get off as soon as possible. As I am ordered to move with my command I will withdraw my pickets in this section. I have not yet had opportunity to issue forage and rations.

Respectfully,D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, October 1, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: On my arrival here General Parke informed me that the object of the intended reconnaissances has been fully accomplished-the enemy found. Upon consultation with Generals Warren and Parke I will make disposition to protect Parke's left and the rear of the line.

