
along the entire front was visited by me and found in good condition, officers and men performing their duties well. By direction of the commanding general all fires along the line were ordered to be and were extinguished last evening. I have reference to the line of pickets and not of intrenchments. Nothing unusual occurred along the front of the corps during my tour. Camps are generally well policed and works being strengthened where necessary.

Respectfully submitted.

G. PENNYPACKER,

Colonel Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Numbers -. Deep Bottom, Va., October 18, 1864.

1. In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 297, headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina, Major Weld, commanding Forty-first U. S. Colored Troops, will march his regiment forthwith and report to Brigadier General William Birney, commanding Third Division, Tenth Army Corps.

2. All detail from the Forty-first U. S. Colored Troops are hereby relieved and will report to their regiment forthwith.

By order of Colonel Arnold A. Rand, commanding post:

O. A. HENDRICK,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 18, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER:

The following is from Colonel Cole in regard to torpedoes:

They ar near the river yet. Two, I think, are good; one, very large, which I am yet unable to get entirely out (though near shore), but shall soon have proper hooks made, and then think I can.

G. WEITZEL,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 18, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel KENSEL,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

Colonel Cole says:

I have sent my quartermaster to get the hooks made by to-morrow 10 a. m. or 12 m., and then think I can raise it. I have dragged it within thirty yards or so of shore, but the bank is very steep. I broke all the wire and rope, so it is harmless. I learn from a deserter there is another 2,000-pound one lower down, but form want of proper drag hooks cannot yet find it. Will with new hooks. I hope to succeed to-morrow.

G. WEITZEL,

Brevet Major-General.

