
CHURCH ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

October 19, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Captain PAINE:

About 300 men have been drilling during the day in the vicinity of fort on Boydton plank road. At 5 p. m. a large regiment of infantry appeared on parade in works near fort on Boydton plank road.

J. L. PRAY,

Sergeant.

SQUIRREL LEVEL SIGNAL STATION,

October 19, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Captain DAVIS:

Very quiet in the enemy's lines on this front to-day. At 11.30 a. m. observed two pieces of light artillery on Boydton plank road near tollgate moving east; artillery drawn by mules.

SLEEPER,

Sergeant.

FRONT OF FORT HOWARD,

October 19, 1864-6 p. m.

Captain C. L. DAVIS:

No change in enemy's line on this front observed this day. A few wagons seen moving east and west on Bydton plank road. All quiet in enemy's camps.

C. G. AIKEN,

Sergeant.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 39. October 19, 1864.

The following instructions are published to correct existing irregularities in the details made in this army for special service and to insure greater accuracy in the reports and returns of the troops:

1. None but corps and division commanders will be permitted to order details which will take officers or men from their appropriate duties in their brigades, regiments, or companies, unless these constitute independent commands. Soldiers detailed as company cooks are an exception to this rule.

2. All orders for details for special service will be given in writing, and copies of such orders will, in all cases, be furnished the regimental or company commander concerned.

3. The detail of soldiers as clerks will be restricted as much as possible. It is believed that many men are permanently assigned to such duty whose services as clerks are but occasionally required. In such cases it is only necessary to excuse the men so employed form guard and fatigue duty, and they should not be accounted for as on special duty.

4. Whenever practicable all guards except provost guards will be relieved daily.

5. when a soldier, while detailed from his company, is sent to a hospital the surgeon in charge will make an immediate report of the circumstances of the case to the regimental or company commander, so that the history of the soldier may be kept up.

18 R R-VOL XLII, PT III

