
6. Officers and men on duty with a particular command, but who belong to an organization serving elsewhere in this army, will on the returns of such command be excluded from its strength and reported in red ink to prevent their being accounted for twice.

7. All officers and men who are reported on special, extra, and daily duty, or on detached service within the army, will be accounted for in figures on the back of the tri-monthly report rendered on the last day of each month in the manner indicated in the following from,* and the numbers given should correspond with those under the same heads on the face of the report.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 19, 1864-12 m.

Brigadier-General BENHAM:

I shall leave here at 12.30 on a train and get out either at Old Court-House or the nearest station, where horses can be got out of cars. I am coming to inspect your works and desire you would meet me on the line at the crossing of the railroad.

GEO G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 19, 1864.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that during yesterday fire was kept up at intervals on the new works the enemy are erecting in front of Fort McGilvery and Battery Numbers 9. During the night the Coehorn mortar battery in Battery Numbers 7 opened on the work in front of Fort McGilvery at intervals, and Lieutenant Dauchy's Twelfth New York Battery and a section of mortars fired from Battery Numbers 9 on the new work in his front, for the purpose of annoying working parties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. HAZARD,

Major, Commanding.
HDQRS. CONSOLIDATED Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,October 19, 1864.

Captain W. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the two deserters from the Forty-third Alabama Regiment, sent forward last night, came into our lines on the front of Fort Morton, and while on the way to the rear made some statement to the guard to the effect that they had been at work on a mine approaching our works not far from the point at which they came in. I respectfully submit this fact to the general commanding.

Respectfully,

GEO. N. MACY,

Colonel, Commanding Consolidated Brigade.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

