
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,

Numbers 64. October 19, 1864.

It is with profound regret that the brigadier-general commanding has to convey to this command the sad new of the death of Major General D. B., Birney, after a brief illness, in Philadelphia. Nowhere such a lamentable loss will be more deeply felt than in this division, the glorious records of which are so much identified with the gallant services of the worthy successor of Kearny and Hooker. He died before the end of the struggle in which he took such a noble and conspicuous part; but his devotion to the country, his fidelity to duty, his gallantry in action, and his brilliant efforts for the triumph of the Union will remain among us as an example to follow, while his personal qualities will endear his memory among all those who served with him or under him.

By command of Brigadier-General De Trobriand.

J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE.-The above will be read at the head of every regiment in the command.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 19, 1864-9 a. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

I have the honor to report that all was quiet in front of this corps yesterday and during the night. No movement of the enemy perceptible beyond what was reported bey the signal officers last evening. Six hundred men were employed yesterday on the new redoubt on General Griffin's left.

For Brigadier-General Crawford, commanding:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,October 19, 1864.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: My signal station on Church road reports as follows:

Works lying between fort 30 degrees east of north and lead-works are nearly evacuated; but few tents or men remain visible in that vicinity.

Respectfully,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fifth Corps.

(Same to Major-General Humphreys.)

CITY POINT, October 19, 1864-6.50 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

I have just received information that the enemy are undermining Fort Harrison. It would be well for General Weitzel to ascertain if this is so.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

