
I will send you the communication to-morrow. It becomes incumbent on us, of course, to withdraw the prisoners employed in Dutch Gap Canal. Please withdraw them and have them forwarded to join the prisoners of war North.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,October 20, 1864-9.50 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Your telegram concerning the official dispatch of General Lee, regarding the prisoners at work in the rebel trenches, is received. Orders have been issued relieving to-night the prisoners at Dutch gap. A copy of the order will be sent you in the morning.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C.,

Numbers 134. ARMY OF THE JAMES,

In the Field, Va., October 20, 1864.

It having been officially certified by General Lee, commanding Confederate forces, that the prisoners of war of this army put to work in the trenches near Fort Gilmer have been withdraw, to be treated as prisoners of war, it is ordered that the prisoners of war of the Confederate forces put to work in the canal at Dutch Gap, in retaliation, shall be at once withdrawn and sent to Point Lookout, to be held and treated hereafter as prisoners of war.

Number of these prisoners having certified in writing to the commanding general their desire to take the oath of allegiance, because of the inhumanity of the Confederate authorities toward them, which application was declined lest it should be said that these prisoners took the oath of allegiance to the United States under duress, it is now ordered that so may of them as choose, after this order is read to the, be permitted to take the oath of allegiance, and be sent North, to be there found employment by the Government, as other prisoners of war have been who have returned to their loyalty to the United States.

By command of Major-General Butler:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C., ARMY OF THE JAMES,Numbers 302. In the Field, Va., October 20, 1864.

* * * * *

5. Major L. L. Weld, Forty-first U. S. Colored Troops, will proceed to Philadelphia without delay and bring to this department the remaining companies of his regiment. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Butler:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

