HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, October 1, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The attack upon my brigade at Wilkinson's was made by Butler's division, both brigades being engaged as reported by a staff officer of General Young captured. My line at Wilkinson's was forced back on the Vaughan road to Davis'. The attack is reported to have been very strong and made in front and on both flanks. I think the enemy are withdrawing their dismounted forces and establishing mounted pickets. The chain of vedettes in front of the Vaughan road on the right of Davis' was broken, but is being re-established. This position is difficult to hold, as the enemy can bring their dismounted force in so many directions through the dense woods surrounding it. I have not yet ascertained the loss in my command this p. m.

D. McM. GREGG,Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, October 1, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have a wounded prisoner of Davis' brigade, who reports his whole brigade having been here to-day. The report of General Young's staff officer shows that four brigades of Hampton's are now here, Hampton commanding. I can only fight six regiments and a battery, but these will make a strong resistance if we are attacked again in the morning. I will be all ready in the morning.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 1, 1864-10 p. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG:

Your dispatch is received announcing the presence of Davis' brigade. Call on General Parke for support if you deem it necessary, as you undoubtedly will be attacked in the morning.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, October 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The following is an extract of orders received from headquarters Army of the Potomac:

You will use General Gregg in such manner as will most effectually aid you, either by forcing his way up the road past Hawks' and coming in on your left, or by attacking the enemy in the vicinity of his present position.

The general commanding directs me to say to you that the infantry is ordered to be in readiness to move at 7 in the morning, and that he relies mainly upon your own judgment in the execution of so much of to-morrow's operations as depends upon your movements. The commanding general directs me to say also that he desires you either to

