
CITY POINT, October 21, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

I go out this morning to ride round the works west of the Weldon road. Will stop the cars at your station and go from there on horse-back. If not otherwise engaged I would be pleased to have you ride with me.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 21, 1864-9.10 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Have received your dispatch and will be ready on your arrival to accompany you.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 21, 1864-1 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Armies of the United States, City Point:

Have received your note of 20th instant. Our loss, 6,081 in the ten days ending October 10, may be accounted for as follows: Loss by discharge of regiments and individuals by expiration of service, 1,570. Casualties, killed and missing, including the killed and missing in the reconnaissance made by the Ninth Corps, September 30, but not accounted for in the report of that date, 1,840; regiments of dismounted cavalry transferred from the Fifth Corps to the Second Cavalry Division, dropped from the report of the former but through inadvertence not taken up on the report of the latter, 700; making in all 4,110. It is thought that the wounded during the ten days, the wounded in the above-mentioned reconnaissance, and the excess of men taken sick in the ten days over those returned to duty same period, will account for the remainder, 1,971, of the loss yet to be explained. I am unable at this moment to furnish the numbers required under each of these heads, but will obtain them if you desire it. The wounded in action are not specially reported in the tri-monthly reports, there being no column on the form for such reports.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, ARMIES OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND,

City Point, Va., October 21, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A communication has just been received from Lieutenant Wright, in charge of scouts at Washington, to the effect that no troops have passed over the Central railroad since last report. Early's forces are reported to be south of Strasburg. The conscription is being enforced to include boys twelve years of age. Loudoun County is said to have turned out 1,500 of these lads, who have been placed in the fortifications, and relieve men for field duty. Scouts who brought this

