
number of casualties on that point and may become of dangerous importance in case of an attack. These pits did not exist, and the enemy did not even attempt to establish them while my brigade picketed the opposite line. Now some additional works will be necessary for the protection of our men, and I would recommend some side pits, well covered by a strong parapet.

I have further to report that yesterday, as I am informed, a man from the enemy's line has been allowed to come in one of our pits near the Chimneys, and to remain there during one hour or more, probably collecting as much information as he could, either by personal observation or by a long talk with our men. I will immediately proceed to a strict investigation on the subject, and will prefer charges against the parties guilty of such a criminal dereliction of duty.

Very respectfully,

R. DE TROBRIAND,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 2nd CORPS,Numbers 93. October 21, 1864.

I. Brevet Major-General Mott having assumed command of division, Brigadier General R. de Trobriand again assumes command of the brigade.

By command of Brigadier General R. de Trobriand:

JAMES M. LINNARD,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 21, 1864-9 a. m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that all was quiet in front of this corps yesterday and during the night. Four deserters were received yesterday and forwarded. The engineer officer in charge of the new redoubt on General Griffin's left reports that work ready for occupancy.

Respectfully,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,October 21, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report my return from leave of absence.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 21, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report quiet on my front during the last twenty-four hours. One man deserted from Twenty-ninth Massachusetts last night.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

