
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C.

ARMY OF THE JAMES,

Numbers 138. In the Field, Va., October 21, 1864.

It has been brought to the attention of the major-general commanding that certain persons who have incurred punishment at the hands of the military authorities in this department have subsequently obtained from officers f the command certificates, testifying to their innocence of the offense for which they were dealt with, or to their general good character and conduct, or criticizing the course of proceedings.

Officers are reminded that in spinning such certificates they presume to censure the acts of their superiors, and are thus guilty of flagrant disrespect and insubordination. The offense will in future meet with prompt and serve punishment.

It is believed that in most instances this error has been committed thoughtlessly, and upon the importunity of friends and associates. This order will in future furnish an answer to all such applications.

By command of Major-General Butler:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT BRADY, VA., October 21, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the enemy opened to-day from a new position in an angle of the woods, some distance to their right. They used 8-inch mortars, but did no damage as I could discover. Placed one of the 4,5-inch guns in the sunken battery, in the ditch of Fort Brady, and threw a few rounds of percussion shell at them. Lookers-on stated that they saw eight men leave the hole by twos at our last shot. At all events, have heard nothing from them since up to this hour, 9 p. m. Mr. Woodruff had charge of the piece. Fired by order of General Butler. Received instructions late last night that the new battery was not ready to open fire on the gun-boats this morning. Expect an order to do so to-morrow morning. Lieutenant Michie called here to-day and said he found the embrasures as you stated. Think by changing some he can work six guns; no more.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., October 21, 1864.

Brigadier General A. AMES,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you assign a garrison to the redoubt on your line near Four-Mile Church, if you have not already done, so placing a field officer in command. In case of action this officer will assume command of the artillery which may be in the fort in addition to the infantry, an the will be held responsible for the proper defense of the work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. SHREVE,

First Lieutenant Second U. S. Sharpshooters, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

(Same to General Foster.)

