SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 115. In the Field, Va., October 21, 1864.

I. The Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Coan commanding, are hereby assigned as the garrison of the redoubt on the front of the Second Brigade, Second Division, and will relieve the Forty-seventh New York Volunteers, Captain J. M. McDonald commanding, without delay. Lieutenant-Colonel Coan will assume command of the work. Detailed instructions will be furnished Lieutenant-Colonel Coan during the day.

II. The Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers, Captain I. W. Hobbs commanding, are hereby assigned as the garrison of the redoubt on the front of the Third Brigade, Second Division. In case of an attack, Major G. B. Dyer, Ninth Maine Volunteers, will at once assume command of the work. Detailed instructions will be furnished Captain Hobbs and Major Dyer during the day.

III. Major George B. Dyer, Ninth Maine Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the redoubt in the front of the Third Brigade, Second Division, relieving Captain I. W. Hobbs, Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers. Until further orders the infantry portion of the garrison will consist of the Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers, which regiment will remain under direct command of Captain Hobbs, but subject to the orders of Major Dyer, as garrison commander.

By order of Brigadier-General Foster:

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, Va., October 21, 1864.]

Major G. B. DYER,

Ninth Maine Volunteers:

MAJOR: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to forward the following instructions to govern you in command of the redoubt on the front of the Second Brigade, Second Division: The garrison of the work will not be changed except by order from these or superior headquarters, and you will not be required to furnish any pickets from your command. You will camp your regiment closely in rear of the redoubt, and will furnish guard to keep out stragglers, and will issue such instructions as will prevent any damage to the works by the men of your own or other command. The artillery will be under your command only so far as will be necessary to preserve good order and cleanliness. In case of action you will assume command of the entire garrison and will be held responsible that the work is held at all hazards, or until ordered by proper authority to withdraw. All repairs on the work will be made by details from your command. You will cause a well to be dug inside the work without delay. All reports or communications will be forwarded through headquarters Third Brigade, and all orders, other than those relating to the defense and condition of the work, issued by the brigade commander will be respected as heretofore.

Respectfully, yours,

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Lieutenant Colonel W. B. Coan, Forty-eighth New York Infantry.)

