SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 286. October 22, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

2. The One hundred and eighty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, Thirty-ninth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, and battalion (six companies) of the One hundred and eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, having reported for duty with this army, are assigned, the two former to the Ninth Army Corps and the latter to the Fifth Army Corps.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ENGR. Brigadier AND DEFENSES OF CITY POINT, VA., October 22, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

I believe I have mentioned to General Meade verbally that at the time the Two hundredth Pennsylvania Regiment was recalled to General Butler's command the lieutenant-general directed me to inform him whenever the call for the regiments away from the lines away from the lines of defense here should reduce them below about 2,500 men. I would mention that the orders for the withdrawal of the regiments yesterday now leaves, including the Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Regiment, sent here by General Butler, and liable to be called for by him, as the respective reports show, about 2,592 effective men for duty, exclusive of the battery of artillery. I would state that the engineer troops now here present for duty, with arms, are about three companies only, including the portion of the pontoon repair company from the depot at Washington. The balance of the recruits here and one company of the Fifteenth are not yet armed. The arms for these men were repeatedly called for by me, but did not arrive here until the men had been set to continuous labor upon the fortifications; though I yet have a doubt if there is a single officer (except one for one company out of seven) - there appears certainly not the pretense of an officer for four of these companies - who can, according to the rules, receipt for and be accountable for the arms, &amp;c., of these companies, though I have proposed, if it is practicable, to have these men armed during the coming week.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 22, 1864-9 a.m.

General WILLIAMS:

The only change that has occurred in my lines has been the removal of a part of General Miles' command between Forts Stedman and McGilvery to the new line.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.

