
FORT BRADY, VA., October 22, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, by reason of being compelled to attend to the fire on the gun-boats, was unable to visit the Gap until late this p.m. Am informed by my sergeant, however, that the rebels have shelled but little and with slight effect. Mr. Lewis sent a few shots at them from the 4.5-inch gun, making very good practice. Presume Mr. Woodruff gave you all particulars of the firing at the rebel boats this forenoon. The wooden one was struck at least fifteen times before she could get out of the way; was evidently somewhat damaged. Iron-clads and all were much frightened and steamed up the river out of sight. Ashby's battery made miserable practice. Regretted that you could not be there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 145. Before Richmond, Va., October 22, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

3. In pursuance of instructions from headquarters Tenth Army Corps the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, Captain T. F. Edmands commanding, is hereby assigned to garrison duty in the redoubt near Four-Mile Church. In case of action the commanding officer will assume command of the artillery, which may be in the fort, in addition to the infantry, and will be held responsible for the proper defense of the work.

By order of Brigadier General A. Ames:

CHAS. A. CARLETON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, October 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept.of Va. and N. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request that the Eleventh Connecticut Volunteers be ordered to report to Colonel Potter, commanding Provisional Brigade, and the Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers be ordered to report to me for assignment to duty in the First Division of this corps. The Eleventh Connecticut now has about 300 men for duty, and is now on duty as headquarters guard. I wish to make this exchange in order that I may have Colonel Guy V. Henry, Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers, as a brigade commander in the First Division. I would request that all the detailed and detached men of the Fortieth Massachusetts now serving in the department be relieved and sent to me with their regiment. When the exchange is made I will order a regiment of only about ninety men placed on duty as headquarters guard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

