HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, October 23, 1864.

Major FISHER,Chief Signal Officer:

Stations report unusual quietness in the enemy's lines to-day and very little travel on the Boydton plank road.

CHAS. L. DAVIS,

Captain,&amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 23, 1864-6 p.m.

Major FISHER:

Holman's and Jordan's stations report all quiet. From the Avery house a quantity of lumber was seen to be unloaded in rear of Crater and into it, via a covered way.

I. THICKSTUN,Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

HDQRS. ENGINEER Brigadier AND DEFENSES OF CITY POINT, October 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Armies of the United States:

In obedience to the orders of the lieutenant-general commanding, who directed me to report to him whenever any orders withdrew the troops from the lines in front of this point so that there were less than about 2,500 men, I have to state that I have just received an order from General S. Williams which withdraws (to join General Warren) the battalion of One hundred and eighty-seventh New York Regiment of about 460 men, and that I on yesterday reported to headquarters Army of the Potomac (while stating this order of General Grant's) the fact that there was then left me, as the report showed, about 2,592 infantry on these lines. This will, of course, leave upon the lines 2,132 infantry, which consists of regiments and detachments as follows: One regiment, the Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania, from General Butler's command; one battalion of five companies of the Sixty-first Massachusetts; one battalion of five companies of the Eighteenth New Hampshire; one battalion of three companies of the Eighth Delaware, and one independent New York company, which gives the 2,132 men. Of these, two companies of the New Hampshire battalion are only now obtaining their arms. In addition to these, there are the Second Maine Battery of six pieces and about 275 armed men at my headquarters camp of the engineers. The remainder of the engineer recruits are not armed as yet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 23, 1864.

General WILLIAMS:

There has been no change in my lines since last report.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.

