
CITY POINT, VA., October 1, 1864-10.45 a. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

From deserters and prisoners captured it is ascertained that Johnson's, Mahone's, Heth's, and Wilcox's divisions are about Petersburg. I start for your headquarters as soon as I can write some dispatches.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 1, 1864-7.15 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Deep Bottom:

Prisoners were yesterday taken from Anderson's brigade, Field's division. The presence of Wilcox's, Heth's, Mahone's, and Johnson's divisions was also shown about Petersburg. This shows that the enemy have divided divisions, and possibly brigades, to give the appearance of force at all points.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, October 1, 1864-8.55 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,City Point:

I have received no official report of the reconnaissance. Lieutenant Michie, who was with it, has returned. General Terry penetrated as far as the intrenchments on the Darbytown road without opposition. General Kautz crossed the Charles City road without opposition as far as the line of fortifications, which he found held in considerable force, but not large force of infantry. General Kautz crossed the Charles City road and exchanged shots with the enemy at a point in the fortifications where they cross that road. General Birney advanced his pickets along the New Market road and drove their skirmishers into their works, capturing some prisoners who were all of local defense battalions. I have seen one or two of them. All is quiet.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., October 1, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Deep Bottom:

I think it will be advisable to select a line which can be held with one of your corps as now composed, giving you an outlet at Deep Bottom or Aiken's. The other corps could be kept on the north side as well as elsewhere, but held ready for any emergency. The line now held, it seems to me, would always expose you to a flank or rear attack, and would cause the enemy to so prepare that no surprise on that side could again be made. The strong works about Chaffin's farm should be held or leveled. Sheridan, for want of supplies, if there should be no other reasons, will be forced to fall back. The enemy may take

