
V. Lieutenant Beck, commanding Batteries C and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, on being relieved by Dauchy's (Twelfth New York) battery to-night will at once move his pieces out and put them into park with his present park of caissons.

By command of Major. John G. Hazard:

U. D. EDDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, October 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General MILES,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that there are wells and shore galleries under Battery No. 10 which afford means of detecting any attempt of the enemy to mine there. I have questioned these deserters, and it appear probable that only the usual listening galleries have been constructed by the enemy, though they may intend one of them to mine Fort Stedman. There can be no immediate danger. If you will send an officer who will not communicate any fern to the garrison by conversation into the wells in No. 10 he will be able to hear the enemy if they are at work for a distance of nearly twenty yards with great distinctness. As these men say the enemy do not work at night, there is no use of examining the well till to-morrow. When the engineer officer comes I will go down with him. I don't think there is any reason whatever for alarm. The same reports have been made at intervals since July last. There is at least no immediately danger.

Respectfully,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, October 23, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report all quiet in my front during yesterday and last night. No change perceptible in enemy's position.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, October 23, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: Nothing unusual has transpired along our lines during the past twenty-four hours. Two deserters from the Fourteenth Tennessee came in last night.

JNO. G. PARKE,Major-General.

