HEADQUARTERS NINTH CORPS, October 23, 1864.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 22nd I have the honor to report the following armament for the redoubts along our line extending from Fisher, on the right, to the Clements house, on the left: Fisher, four guns; Welch, eight guns (Pegram house); Gregg, four guns; Sampson, four guns; Cummings, four guns (Clements house). The present picket-line from our right to the Hawks house road has a strength of about 15 officers and 730 men. I would, therefore, recommend an infantry force of about 1,500 men as the minimum to garrison these five redoubts and picket their front. This would furnish an average garrison of 300 men.

The line of infantry parapet from our right to include the Clements house work has a development of about 2,300 yards. Having detailed this force from the white troops and the above-mentioned number of guns, we will have available two six-guns batteries, 6,600 white troops (exclusive of the two new regiments), and 4,850 colored troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, October 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General POTTER:

GENERAL: The commanding general requests me to inform you that two new regiments will be ordered to report to you upon their arrival. The Thirty-ninth New Jersey, with an aggregate of 1,000 men, and the One hundred and eighty-sixth New York, with about 875 men.

Very respectfully, yours,P. M. LYDIG,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV.,9TH ARMY CORPS,

No. 138. Near Poplar Spring Church, Va., Oct.23, 1864.

The Thirty-ninth New Jersey and the One hundred and eighty-sixth New York Regiments Volunteer Infantry, having been attached to this command, are hereby temporarily assigned as follows: Thirty-ninth New Jersey Volunteers to First Brigade, and will report to Bvt. Brigadier General John I. Curtin, commanding; One hundred and eighty-sixth New York Volunteers to Second Brigade, and will report to Brigadier General S. G. Griffin, commanding.

By command of Brigadier-General Potter:

SAMUEL WRIGHT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

