SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C., ARMY OF THE JAMES,No. 307. In the Field, Va., October 23, 1864.

1. The Eleventh Connecticut Volunteers will proceed to Bermuda Hundred and report to Brigadier-General Graham, relieving the Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers. The Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers will proceed to the front and rejoin the Eighteenth Army Corps. Brigadier-General Graham will cause all the detailed officers and men of the Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers within his command to be relieved and move with their regiment.

2. Leaves of absence to go out of the department are hereby granted to the following-named officers: * * * Brigadier General A. V. Kautz, U. S. Volunteers, for twenty-days. General Kautz will turn over his command to Colonel West, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Butler:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 23, 1864.

Colonel ABBOT:

Taking into consideration the probability of having to drop your establishment down the river so as to bring it within General Benham's line of defense, how many rounds of ammunition per gun and mortar can you conveniently and safely place in the forts to provide against their being cut off from supplies?

HENRY J. HUNT,Brigadier-General.

BROADWAY LANDING, VA., October 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General HUNT,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

My train is all afloat, and it would be better to move my depot across the Appomattox,and use the present landing when wanted for Petersburg and that on other bank for the Bermuda Hundred lines. I think I shall do this anyhow, as it is a warmer site for a camp. The only bridge is here, which is very convenient for such a change. Please say if this would do instead of City Point. I can keep about 100 rounds per gun, and more, if necessary, per mortar, at all the batteries without trouble.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

BROADWAY LANDING, VA., October 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General HUNT,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

The only Appomattox bridge is at this landing. This bank is easily defended by a very little work. My ordnance men would furnish all

