
needful garrison. Cannot I be supplied with a working party? I will attend to the construction of the line. I would much prefer this to moving.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

FORT BRADY, VA., October 23, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I was at the Gap during the forenoon and until about 2 p.m. There was no firing by the rebels previous to 11 a.m., when they opened slowly with their Coehorns, bursting the shells over the river near the south end of the parapet where the 100-pounder was formerly in position. Did not deem it policy to return their random firing very rapidly with the 8-inch mortars. After returning to Fort Brady ordered the 4.5-inch gun to be fired at them from the ditch. They became perfectly quiet in about one hour and a half. Received an order to-night from Major-General Butler to forward a full report of the action with the gun-boats.* Will send you a copy if desired. Accept many thanks for the drawing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Deep Bottom, Va., October 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the James:

COLONEL: I beg to report the arrival at this post of the One hundred and sixteenth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, with an aggregate strength of 704. I have made special report to Captain Sealy, assistant adjutant-general,of the small number of officers accompanying this command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARNOLD A. RAND,

Colonel Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 24, 1864-1 p.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Deserters who came in last night reported the enemy mining in front of Fort Stedman. An engineer officer and working party were immediately sent to take the requisite measures for ascertaining if such was the case. I think the report has arisen like many of its predecessors in some precautionary measures of the enemy defensive against our mining. With his exception I have nothing further to report.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

---------------

*See Part I,p.215.

---------------

