
It is not necessary to inquire or surmise what source inspired the foregoing grave bill of indictment, nor would I trouble you in regard to this matter, if this was the first or only instance in which I had cause to complain of misrepresentation, but you are aware that ever since I have had the honor to serve under your immediate direction I have been halt responsible for all the acts which a certain portion of the public press have been pleased to designate as failures or blunders. Indeed, the extract now quoted is an admirable summary of the various charges which from time to time have been brought against me. Now these charges are either true or false; in either case the public and those who are near and dear to me are entitled to know the facts. In the absence of any published official reports or any official records, to which I can refer, I feel justified in appealing to you and asking as a matter of justice and a simple concession to truth that you will furnish me with such evidence as will place it in my power to correct the extraordinary misapprehension into which the editor of the New York Independent appears to have been led through some malign influence, the origin of which I am utterly unable to account for.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., October 24, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Your note, by the hands of Lieutenant Dunn, is received. I have felt as much pained as you at the constant stabs made at you by a portion of the public press. I know nothing better to give you to use in answer to these charges than copies of every dispatch sent to Washington by me, in which your name is used. These will show at least that I have never expressed dissatisfaction at any portion of your services.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,

City Point, Va., October 24, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Make your preparations to march out at an early hour on the 27th to again possession of the South Side Railroad, and to hold it and fortify back to your present left. In commencing your advance, move in three columns exactly as proposed by yourself in our conversation of least evening, and with the same force you proposed to take. Parke, who starts out nearest to the enemy,should be instructed that if he finds the enemy intrenched and their works well manned, he is not to attack but confront him, and be prepared to advance promptly when he finds that by the movement of the other two columns to the right and rear of them they begin to give way. Take three days' rations in haversacks, sixty rounds of ammunition on the person of each soldier, and go as near as possible without wagons or ambulances. It might be well to have, say, twenty rounds of ammunition per man,

