
with a corresponding amount of artillery ammunition in wagons ready to be taken to the army if required. All the depots on the line of the road should be cleared of stores, and all wagons, ambulances, and artillery horses not moving with the army sent back to City Point during the night of the 26th. I will go out to the left at an early hour of the morning your move commences.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, October 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS:

Your telegram of the 24th instant, relative to the convalescents, &amp;c., of the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps men in our charge, having been referred to the lieutenant-general commanding, has been returned with the following indorsement:

Respectfully returned to General Patrick, provost-marshal-general, with the information that after a careful examination of this matter it is believed to be impracticable to arm the troops within referred to. There are no officers with the men to be responsible for the arms, and there are no arms in the ordnance office except new and first-class arms. You will communicate these facts to General Meade, and unless he can suggest some practicable plan for carrying his suggestion into effect by you, you will forward these men to Sheridan's army as fast as possible.

Please advise with General Meade on this matter at once and inform me at the earliest moment practicable of hid decision, that I may carry out the instructions of the lieutenant-general commanding with as little delay as possible.

M. R. PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General PATRICK:

The commanding general directs that your order the One hundred and eighty-seventh New York Volunteers to report, with as little delay as practicable, to General Warren, commanding Fifth Army Corps.

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT, October 24, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Two deserters from Fourteenth Tennessee, Archers' brigade, and one from Twenty-seventh North Carolina, Cooke's brigade, of Heth's division, came into the lines of the Ninth Army Corps yesterday. From them we are enabled to locate the enemy's right approxi-

