
inclosed batteries with the troops under your command, holding the surplus left after assigning the garrison at suitable points between those works. The troops thus distributed will, of course, still be used as working parties. The commanding general directs that you send at once a strong working party to report to Colonel H. L. Abbot, at Broadway Landing, for the purpose of erecting some works to hold that point. He further directs that you prepared the approaches on both banks of the Appomattox at the site selected by you for a pontoon bridge, although at present the necessity of transferring the bridge to that point is not contemplated. In the event of a threatened attack on your intrenchments you would have for their defense, besides the troops now under your command, those of the provost-marshal-general at City Point and the enlisted men of the trains that would be collected within your lines.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, October 24, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

On your order of 12.35, received at 1.50, I sent an aide to take 150 men from the lines to Colonel Abbot. The aide just returned, after waiting till near sunset, reporting no officer there to direct them, and they will return to-night. Colonel Abbot came here, however, and I have arranged to send him, as he wishes, about 150 men for three or four days early to-morrow, as also to examine my lines with him for the distribution of the artillery he is to send me. Your second dispatch, received at 4 p.m., will be complied with as nearly as possible. I will arrange to-night or in the early morning to arm the recruits here and distribute them as directed. I have now here, including the regiment from General Butler's about 2,100 infantry; of these, three companies are not yet armed. I suppose it is intended that the corduroy road on the north side of the Appomattox, from the Nelson house, shall be constructed only after the intrenched lines are completed. If otherwise, will you please inform me?

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 24, 1864-9 a.m.

General S. WILLIAMS:

There has been no change in my lines since last report. An engineer officer is running a gallery down in Fort Stedman.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 24, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MORGAN:

Can you furnish me details to throw up two new batteries, one near the Avery house and the other between the Dunn house and Friend's.

21 R R-VOL XLII, PT III

