
I have directed engineer troops to be sent there at once to construct them. Please answer. If you can, I will tell the officers in charge to make the necessary requisition for men and teams. It will not take long to complete them.

N. MICHLER,

Major of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 24, 1864.

General WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

The signal officer at the Gibbon house reports an unusual quantity of dust rising since 3 p.m. at a point where the military road crosses the Weldon railroad, south-southwest from the city, apparently moving to the enemy's right, although it is impossible to be certain of the direction, as it is very smoky.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, October 24, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In the scheme sent to you a few days since there was an error in stating the strength of the First Division, arising from taking the aggregate present instead of the present for duty. The figures should have been 6,809. The other division were correctly stated. Will the regiment doing guard duty at Cedar Level be relieved? I beg leave to suggest that the citizens who come in after rations ought either be rationed at the picket-line or furnished with a sufficient number of rations to keep them outside of the lines for the present.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 24, 1864.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

The commanding general wishes me to say to you that the regiment at Cedar Level should remain at the depot until it is broken up, and then go within the intrenchments covering City Point, and report to Brigadier-General Benham temporarily. It is understood the regiment is small. The troops that take part in the proposed operations will take three day's full rations in haversack, and three days' bread and small rations in knapsack. Sixty rounds of ammunition will be taken on the person; forty rounds infantry ammunition in wagons. The artillery will take 250 rounds, using the caissons of the guns in the inclosed works instead of wagons. One-half the ambulances will go with the troops, and one medicine and one hospital wagon for each brigade. The intrenching tools will be taken. No baggage or

