
Spring Hill, relieving the troops of the Second and Third Division. General Miles will garrison the inclosed works in accordance with the memorandum furnished him, subject to such orders as may hereafter be given. The surplus of troops of his division will be held in reserve. On being relieved the Third Division will be massed in the cleared ground near the Southall house. The Second Division will be massed near Fort Bross, on the Norfolk railroad.

II. The chief of artillery will arrange the field guns on the line in accordance with the memorandum furnished him. Such batteries of the corps as are already in reserve, or may be withdrawn from the line under this order, will be parked beyond the view of the enemy, and where they can be moved without being observed.

III. The commanders of the Second and Third Division will send staff officers to report to General Miles at dark for assisting in the relief of the picket-lines.

IV. The changes indicated will be commenced at dark, and all troops moving from the line must be massed beyond the view of the enemy by daylight on the morning of the 25th.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, October 24, 1864.

Major HAZARD,

Chief of Artillery, Second Corps:

It is understood that Major Michler expects to throw up a work near the Avery house to take the place of No. 17. If this is done Pratt's guns will probably be placed in it, or else the battery can be left where it is if General Hancock will inclose it and furnish a garrison. If neither of thee things is done, the guns should go into Fort Morton. I will see if Colonel Abbot can spare you two

8-inch howitzers for Fort Sedgwick.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 24, 1864.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that last night a section of the Eleventh New York Battery was moved out of Battery No. 6 and into Fort McGilvery. A section of the Sixth Maine Battery moved from Fort McGilvery into Battery NO.9, relieving the Twelfth New York Battery, which moved into Fort Haskell, relieving four guns of Batteries C and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, which went into part near the Beatty house. One section of Batteries C and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, was relieved in Fort Davis by a section of the Third New York, Captain Harn, and went into part with the rest of the battery. Nothing else of importance occurred during the past twenty-four hours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. HAZARD,

Major, Commanding.

