
days' break and small rations in knapsacks. Three days' beef will be driven. Sixty rounds of ammunition on the person; forty rounds infantry ammunition in the wagons. The artillery will take 250 rounds, using the caissons of the guns in the inclosed works instead of wagons. One-half the ambulances will go with the troops, and one medicine and one hospital wagon for each brigade. The intrenching tools will be taken. No baggage or headquarters wagons will be allowed, but instead such pack-mules as my be absolutely necessary for the rations and tents of officers. All other trains and wagons than those just specified will be sent within the intrenchments covering City Point, under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the army. Clerks, orderlies, and every other man detached, special, extra, or daily duty, will be armed and sent to the ranks for the operation, unless his services are absolutely necessary out of his regiment on the duties named. Arms and accouterments will be obtained for the purpose. The horses and such caissons belonging to the artillery in the inclosed works as are not to be taken with the troops will be moved within the line of intrenchments covering City Point. An officer from each corps will be detailed to take charge of them. The whole to be parked with the train of the Artillery Reserve under the orders of the officer in charge of that train.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

The chief of artillery will designate the number of forges and battery wagons to accompany the batteries with the troops. The surplus will join the Artillery Reserve train under the charge of the officer detailed to the horses, &amp;c., of the guns in the redoubts, &c.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Forage for officers' horses will be carried on pack animals. The spring-wagons of headquarters are not to accompany the troops. Some modification of the amount of artillery ammunition carried will be made, and some modification may also be made so as to leave wagons parked there to bring up rations.

A. A. H.,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, October 24, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

It would be desirable to have General Griffin here when the movement is made, and he can be telegraphed in time yet, I think. if you would not like to inform him there is a movement on foot, the dispatch might be sent as coming from me as follows:

Brigadier General CHARLES GRIFFIN:

(Care of Colonel Hardie.)

GENERAL: Affairs in your division require your immediate return for a few days.

G. K. WARREN,Major-General of Volunteers.

If you approve this dispatch being sent, will you please have it done.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

