
of the 3rd of June, 1864, near Bethesda Church. My command was on the extreme right of the army and had by an attack of the enemy become separated from General Wilson's division of cavalry, which was guarding that flank. I wished to communicate with General Wilson, and Sergeant Doyle volunteered to carry the dispatch; this he did and returned in safety, bringing back General Wilson's answer, having passed twice, through the enemy's lines and rendering an important military service. This act of Sergeant Doyle's proved him to be an energetic and courageous soldier, and worthy of the respect of his comrades and the approbation of his officers.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,

October 24, 1864.

Division commanders will be prepared to carry out the following instructions in the event of a movement being ordered:

1. Troops remaining to garrison line of works and picket the front from Fort Fisher to Fort Cummings will be supplied with six days' rations and amount of ammunition previously prescribed (200 rounds per man).

2. The troops, except those selected to remain for purpose above indicated, will be massed at convenient points for movement out of view of the enemy.

3. The troops that march will have three days' full rations in haversack and three days' bread and small rations in knapsack, sixty rounds of ammunition on the person, and forty rounds per man in wagons. Three day's beef will be driven.

4. Half the ambulances, one hospital and one medicine wagon to a brigade, and the intrenching tools will be taken.

5. No baggage or headquarters wagons will be taken, but instead such pack animals as may be absolutely necessary to carry the rations, tents and baggage of officers, and forage for officers' horses.

6. All other trains and wagons than those above specified will be sent within the intrenchments covering City Point.

7. Clerks, orderlies, and every other man on detached, special, extra, or daily duty will be armed and sent to the ranks, unless his services are absolutely necessary out of his regiment on the duties named.

By command of Major-General Parke:

P. M. LYDIG,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, October 24, 1864.

Colonel J. C. TIDBALL,Chief of Artillery:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that in the event of a movement being ordered you be prepared to carry out the following instructions:

1. You will designate the batteries to remain to hold the redoubts and inclosed works from Fort Fisher to Fort Cummings, with amount of ammunition previously prescribed and six days' rations (twenty-four guns to hold the works).

