
2. The remaining artillery will be massed at a convenient point for movement out of view of the enemy.

3. The artillery that move will take 250 rounds of ammunition, using the caissons of the guns in the inclosed works instead of wagons, the men to be supplied with three days' full rations in haversacks and three days' full rations in haversack and three days' bread and small rations in knapsacks. Three days' beef to be driven.

4. Horses and caissons belonging to artillery in inclosed works, not taken with the troops, will be moved inside the intrenchments covering City Point, to be parked with train of Artillery Reserve.

5. You will designate the number of forges, battery wagons, &amp;c., to accompany batteries with the troops; surplus to join Artillery Reserve train under charge of the officers to be detailed charge of horses, &c., of the guns in the redoubts.

The following modifications of the above may be made:

(1) Perhaps a park may be made of the reserve caissons near the left of our present line, and the horses of your batteries in the inclosed works may also be kept near the left so as to bring up the batteries if needed.

(2) A change in the amount of ammunition to be carried may be made, and some wagons, perhaps, may be parked near the left to bring up rations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. M. LYDIG,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 9TH ARMY CORPS,No. 139. Near Poplar Spring Church, Va., October 24, 1864.

Bvt. Brigadier General John I. Curtin, U. S. Volunteers, having reported for orders in compliance with paragraph 7, Special Orders, No. 211, current series, headquarters Ninth Army Corps, is hereby assigned to command of First Brigade, Second Division, Ninth Army Corps.

By command of Brigadier-General Potter:

SAMUEL WRIGHT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

October 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry, Army of the Potomac:

I am instructed to inform you that a movement will commence on Wednesday night in which all your cavalry will participate. It will be necessary for you to draw in all your pickets. Orders for the preparation and movement will be duly issued. The infantry will take three days' full rations in haversacks, and three days' full rations in haversacks, and three days' bread and small rations in knapsacks, and three days' beef on the hoof. The cavalry will do the same - that is, three days' full and three days' bread and small rations on the person, and three days' beef on the hoof; as much ammunition a they can carry on the person and the full remaining supply in wagons. The full supply of artillery ammunition must accompany the artillery. One-half the ambulances will go with the troops and one medicine and one hospital wagon for each brigade. No baggage or headquarters wagons will be allowed, but instead such pack

