HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER, October 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. A. KENSEL, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The signal officer stationed on a tree in front of the Tenth Corps makes the following report of his observations to-day:

The enemy are busy removing timber felled in front of interior rifle-pits connecting with Fort Johnson and extending along to our left of it; also increasing the height of breast-works near Fort James. A large battle-flag on the works to our left of Fort Johnson; also a garrison flag near a house beyond same fort. Three lines of abatis in front of the work on our left of Johnson. A large number of women in the rebel camps during the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,SAML. N. ROGERS,

Lieutenant, Signal Officer.

H. R. CLUM,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 24, 1864.

Colonel ABBOT, Broadway Landing:

General Meade has in view the removal of the bridge below General Benham's lines, but will send General B. to see about a tete-de-pont at your place. General M.wishes you to place ten siege pieces at General Benham's disposal for his lines. The kind of pieces you can arrange with him. It would be well for you to put at least 150 rounds per gun in each fort, so as to be secure against the contingency of the supply being interrupted, and to make your arrangement for withdrawing such mortars on the lines as will not be safe if the forts only should remain occupied. I think the

8-inch mortars near forts like those at Hare house, for example, will be perfectly safe.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General.

BROADWAY LANDING, VA., October 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General HUNT,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Pratt's battery of four 4 1/2-inch guns in No. 17 and the four

8-inch mortars in No. 20 are the only ones requiring movement. These should be attended to. Of course you will send me orders when you wish me to move them. I will attend to the supply of ammunition. How is it about rations? I supply my me and would like notice accordingly.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, October 24, 1864.

Colonel ABBOT, Broadway Landing:

The garrison should have ten days' rations. I will give you notice in time to supply them and to withdrawn your mortars in No. 20. If no new work is put up near the Avery house and No. 17 is not inclosed and furnished with a garrison, the guns must be withdrawn and sent to Morton. Major Hazard wants a section of them at Fort Davis.

