
and it will not divide the detachment that serves both. The light guns at the Gap can be sent back to Colonel Abbot and their place supplied by the 4 1/2-inch rifles now at Fort Brady, if necessary. I think, however, it is a useless waste of ammunition to fire anything at the rebel mortar batteries.

P. S. MICHIE,

Lieutenant, U. S. Engineers.

A. PIPER,

Colonel Tenth New York Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

FORT BRADY, VA., October 24, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that not a shot was fired by the enemy at the Gap to-day until after 1 a.m., when they opened suddenly and fired very rapidly for an hour and a half or more. Hoy (a splendid soldier) was killed about noon. Most of their shell struck in and around my right mortar battery. This afternoon they commenced in the same hurried manner, doing no damage. Returned their fire with the mortars and the 4.5-inch gun. Earnestly request to have the 4.5-inch guns exchanged for the 30-pounder Parrotts, if the latter should ever be removed from their present position; the ammunition is so much surer. Handed in my report* to General Butler, and he seemed very much pleased with the whole affair; forwarded it to General Grant himself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, October 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. J. L. NICODEMUS, U. S. Army,Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: In reply to your request that I would express an opinion upon the value and efficiency of the signal corps, I have the honor to say that in the Department of the South, where I served for nearly two years and a half, the signal corps was of great value, especially in establishing communication between land and naval forces operating together. I think it must always be of value in hilly or mountainous regions or in open country. In thickly wooded country it is, of course, difficult to establish good communication. As far as I have become acquainted with the personal of the corps the officers are very efficient and faithful in the performance of duty.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, October 24, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel KENSEL,Chief of Staff:

I wish to heaven you would immediately let me know at once who is responsible for and who commands the artillery in my front and on my

---------------

*See Part I, p.215.

---------------

