
left on this side of the river. The guns at Dutch Gap have never been reported to me nor have. I had the least control of them. Still, to-night Michie sends an order to my chief of artillery to change their position. Again, three 30-pounders and my Parrott battery of four 20-pounders were placed in position in front of my line. The commanding officer of the three 30-pounder, who never reported to me and whom I don't know, presumes to command my

20-pounder Parrott battery. Now what I desire is his, that you should issue an order at once that I command and control all guns belonging to the Eighteenth Corps on my front and that Colonel Abbot controls all others - that is, his siege guns and mortars. I am perfectly that my other guns on the old front be commanded by General Graham. This is so far a wretchedly mixed up matter and ought to be settled at once.

G. WEITZEL,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Deep Bottom, Va., October 24, 1864.

Captain ISRAEL R. SEALY,Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c., Hdqrs. Army of the James:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the arrival at this post of the One hundred and eighteenth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry. A memorandum return received from them shows: Enlisted men present, 871; absent sick, 76; absent without leave, 63; total, 1,010. The lieutenant-colonel was left in Baltimore, it seems, and the major commanding is unable to give me any roster of the regiment. The only officers, however, who have reported and are present for duty are as follows: Major, three captains, four first lieutenants, four second lieutenants (one acting adjutant and one acting regimental quartermaster included in the four second lieutenants), one surgeon, one assistant surgeon. Unless officers can be speedily assigned to the regiments now here I would respectfully request that competent non-commissioned officers or men be detailed from white regiments to instruct squads in the school of the soldier.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARNOLD A. RAND,

Colonel Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, Commanding Post.

CITY POINT, VA., October 25, 1864-4.30 p.m.

(Received 6 p.m.)

Hon. EDWIN M. STATON,

Secretary of War:

I have no objection to permitting every French subject in the South, or in fact every foreigner, no matter what his nationality, to pass out North, or to their native country, via City Point. Please so inform the Secretary of State.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

