
WAR DEPARTMENT, October 25, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Armies, City Point, Va.:

I propose to issue the following order for the organization of an extra army corps. Please examine and favor me with any suggestions you may have immediately. I want to give public notice immediately and hope to raise it by 1st of December:

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 25, 1864.

Ordered, That an army corps, to consist of not less than 20,000 infantry, and enlisted for not less than one year, to be designated the First Corps, shall be organized at Washington, commencing the organization on Wednesday, the 9th day of November, and continuing until the 1st day of December. The privates to consist only of able-bodied men, who have served honorably not less than two years, and therefore not subject to draft; the officers to be commissioned by the President from such as have honorably served not less than two years. The accepted recruits will be refunded their transportation to Washington, will be credited to the district in which they or their families are domiciled, and will be paid a special bounty of $500 upon being mustered into service. Each recruit who preserves his arms to the end of his term will have the privilege of retaining them. Details of organization will be prescribed by the adjutant-general. The heads of bureaus will detail competent officers for the prompt and organization, arming, equipping, and supplying the corps.

Major-General Hancock is assigned to the command of this corps when organized.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., October 25, 1864.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of 2 p.m. in relation to the organization of a new army corps from veterans who have been discharged the services is received. I do not see any suggestions I can make improving the plan proposed by you. It will prove a success and will give us a body of men equal to any army now in service.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, October 25, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Mr. Romero, the Mexican minister, and General Doblado, with a staff officer, will visit your headquarters to-day with letters for you. They leave here in the 10.55 train.

ADAM BADEAU,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Military Secretary.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 25, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have nothing very important to report this morning. Signal officers yesterday evening and this morning report movements of small bodies of the enemy, generally to their right. Deserters confirm the previous

22 R R-VOL XLII, PT III

