
reports of the extension of the enemy's line of works on their right to Hatcher's Run, and the evidence would seem to indicate this line is completed. Last evening two division of the Second Corps were withdrawn from the lines and are now massed in the rear as reserves.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, October 25, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A deserter from the Twenty-seventh North Carolina, Cooke's brigade, came into our lines this morning. His statements corroborated the information of yesterday regarding the position of McGowan's, Cooke's, and Archer's brigades. He states that working parties from every brigade in Heth's division have been detailed to work on fortifications still farther to the right of McGowan's brigade. That he has been nearly two miles to the right of his brigade (Cooke's), where the detail from his regiment was at work. The dismounted cavalry is immediately on McGowan's right. The works are not of an extensive character, but are all constructed with slashings or abatis. In McGowan's front they are fully completed, and informant thinks the whole line must be nearly finished by this time. No general information of any importance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. BABCOCK.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, October 25, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following reports, just received, are respectfully forwarded:

CHURCH ROAD STATION, October 25, 1864-9 a.m.

At 7.45 a.m. the two regiments lying in works near Jones' struck tents and packed up. A small working party of about twenty men left them and went westward along the works. At 8 a.m. a small regiment passed along the works near Jones' regiments still remain in works near Jones'.

J. L. P[RAY],

Signal Corps.

The station near the Friend house reports the enemy to be strengthening the breast-works in his front; to have built a covered road between the new fort and their works to right of city and bomb-proofs in the fort.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. STRYKER,

Acting Chief Signal Officer.

