
and, if successful, will follow up the enemy closely, turning toward the right. Should be not break the enemy's line. General Parke will remain confronting them until the operations on the left draw off the enemy.

5. Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Corps, will, if practicable, move simultaneously with the Ninth Corps, and proceed to the crossing of Hatcher's Run, below the plank road bridge, from which point he will support the Ninth Corps, and if the attack is successful, follow up the enemy, moving on the left of the Ninth Corp. Should General Parke fail to break the enemy's line General Warren will cross Hatcher's Run and endeavor to turn the enemy's right by recrossing at the first practicable point above the Boydton plank road, keeping on the right of Hancock. He will then turn toward the plank road and open the plank-road bridge.

6. The ammunition wagons, extra caissons, intrenching tools, medicine and hospital wagons and forage wagons allowed with the troops will not accompany them on the morning of the 27th, but will be left parked at the most secure point near their bivouacs, and will be brought up at such time during the day as may be found best. The ambulances will accompany the troops.

7. The troops will take four days' full rations on the person, counting from Thursday morning, the 27th. Sixty rounds of ammunition will be taken on the person. Forty rounds of infantry ammunition, and one-half the small-arm ammunition of the cavalry will be taken in wagons. In addition to the artillery ammunition carried in the limber chest and caisson, fifty additional rounds will be taken for each 12-pounder gun, to be carried in the caissons of the guns in the inclosed works. Not more than one forage and one battery wagon will be taken for every twelve guns. One-half the ambulances, with all the stretchers, will accompany the troops, and one medicine and one hospital wagon for each brigade. The intrenching tools will be taken. No baggage or headquarters wagons will be allowed, but instead such pack animals as may be absolutely necessary for the rations and tents of officers. A few wagons for forage will be allowed. In the cavalry each troops will carry as much grain as practicable; such forage wagons as are absolutely indispensable for the time of the operation will also be allowed for the cavalry. All other trains and wagons than those just specified will be sent during the night of Wednesday, the 26th, within the intrenchments covering City Point, under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the army.

8. The horses and such caissons belonging to the artillery in the inclosed works as are not taken with the troops will be moved during Wednesday night within the intrenchments covering City Point. An officer from each corps will be detailed to take charge of them; the whole to be parked with the train of the Artillery Reserve under the train of the Artillery Reserve under the orders of the officer in charge of that train. The surplus forges and battery wagons of the batteries with the troops will accompany them.

9. The quartermaster's and commissary depots on the railroad will be broken up during the night of the 26th.

10. Every man on detached, special, extra, or daily duty that can be temporarily placed in the ranks for an emergency will be armed and equipped and sent to the ranks for this operation. The commanding general requests the earnest attention of corps commanders to this point.

11. Headquarters will be moved on Wednesday to the vicinity of Poplar Spring Church. During the early part of the operation the commanding general will be with the right wing. The troops at head-

