
[Inclosure No. 1.]

Estimate of force October 25 for defense of the advance lines of City Point, independent of such as may be furnished in emergencies from the department of the provost-marshal-general.

Regiments, battalion,&amp;c.	No.men	Remarks.

for duty

last

report.

205th Pennsylvania	 776	New recruits, and in

Regiment (from General		the trenches or on

Butler's army).		picket for nearly all

the time since joined.

61st Massachusetts	 401	New recruits, and in

Battalion (five		the trenches ever since

companies).		they joined.

18th New Hampshire	 333	New recruits,and in the

Battalion (five		trenches ever since

companies.)		they joined; two

companies entirely

without arms (expecting

from their State), to

be armed to-day.

8th Delaware Battalion	 247 	New recruits, and in

(three companies).		the trenches issued in

their State; to be-armed to-day.

Independent company of New	 55	New recruits, and in

York volunteers.		the trenches ever since

they joined; no arms;

to be armed to-day.

Total infantry	 1,812

Engineer Brigade.

50th Engineer (detachment	 57	For repairs of boats

of repair company).		and care of bridges,

&c.; armed.

15th Engineers (two	 209	Required for guarding

companies and one partial		public property here;

company).		armed.

15th Engineers (one	 127	Recruits, with but one

company)		officer; but little

squad drill; no arms;

to be armed to-day.

50th Regiment (six	 850	All of these in the

companies of unassigned		trenches for the past

recruits).		three weeks, a part

having had squad drill

previously. No officers

at all duly

commissioned; persons

claiming to have been

mustered as such.

Surplus recruits, over	 64	All in the trenches

full members, for both		without drill since

regiments.		their arrival; no

officers at all.

Total engineers	 1,307

Total engineers and	 3,119

infantry

Engineers and infantry without arms, to be armed to-day, 1,546.

Artillery.-The Second Maine Battery, six field pieces; now at Old Court-House. Third Vermont Battery, four field pieces; reported as arrived within the lines during the night.

In addition, Colonel H. L. Abbot reports orders to send from Broadway Landing ten siege pieces; to be arranged for to-day. The Third Maine Battery, four guns, reported at 10 a.m. on October 25, 1864.

Total number of guns, twenty-four.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Defenses.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

Distribution of men and guns for defense of lines City Point.

Redoubt.	Command.	Cannon,with artillerists.

No. 1	Lieutenant Dibbel's	Two pieces of 3rd Maine

provisional company	Battery.

of engineers.

No. 2	Captain Rogers'	Two guns 3rd Maine and

provisional company	two siege guns.

of engineers and 50

of Lieutenant

Ryding's provisional

company.

No. 3.	Lieutenant Ryding's	Two guns 3rd Vermont

provisional company,	Battery.

100 men.

No. 4.	Captain Pond's	Two guns 3rd Vermont

provisional company	Battery.

and independent

company New York

Volunteers.

No. 5.	Lieutenant Burke's	Three siege guns.

provisional company.

No. 6.	Lieutenant Linsley	Two guns 2nd Maine

and 100 men of 15th	Battery.

Engineers.

On line		Two guns 2nd Maine

37-38		Battery.

No. 7	Lieutenant Henderson,	Two siege guns.

50 men of Company F

and 64 surplus men.

Old Court-House	8th Delaware	Two guns 2nd Maine and

redoubt.	Battalion	three siege guns.

205th Pennsylvania Regiment, movable, south of railroad.

61st Massachusetts and 18th New Hampshire Battalion, movable, north of railroad.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Defenses, &c.

CITY POINT, VA., October 25, 1864.

