
by about 300 men, making the entire picket detail about 1,900 instead of 1,600. He has 6,245 muskets, though he reports 6,800 for duty, the balance, being 400 musicians and other non-combatants. He ought, therefore, to have the regiment at Cedar Level, and I request that it may go to him when the depot is broken up. With this regiment General Miles thinks his force sufficient.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 25, 1864.

(Sent 12 m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding Second Corps:

Sent the regiment at Cedar Level to General Miles when the depot is broken up.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 25, 1864.

This camp will be struck at noon to-morrow, the 26th instant. No transportation for baggage or supplies other than pack animals will be allowed to accompany the headquarters on the movement contemplated. All public and personal property will be turned over to the chief quartermaster of the corps. Officer and men will be restricted to such articles only as they can conveniently carry on their persons or horses. A pack animal will be allowed to every two messes of officers.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

SEPTEMBER CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

October 25, 1864.

The Second and Third Division of this command will be prepared to move promptly at 2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon, October 26, 1864, the men to have sixty rounds of ammunition on the person, three days' full rations in haversack, and three days' hard bread, sugar, coffee, &amp;c., in knapsack, to count from the morning of the 27th. Forty Rounds of ammunition per man will accompany the division in wagons, half the ambulances, one medicine wagon, and one hospital wagon for each brigade, and all the wagons containing the intrenching tools. Other than these, no wagons, spring or otherwise, will be allowed to accompany officers must be packed. Such a number of pack-mules as may be absolutely necessary for this purpose will be allowed. All animals and vehicles not accompanying the troops will be sent to City Point. The general trains will move under the direction of the chief quartermaster. Forage, subsistence, &c., required from the trains must be drawn and issued by 12 m.

to-morrow. The order of march will be indicated in orders to-morrow.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

