
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

October 25, 1864.

The following changes will be made in the disposition ordered for to-morrow: Four days' rations on the person instead of six will be taken, counting from the morning of the 27th. One day's salt meat will be taken in the haversack and three days' beef on the hoof. One forage wagon will be allowed to each division for forage for officers' horses, and one forage wagon to each battery.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 25, 1864.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the following changes in the positions of the artillery were made last night: Battery F, First Pennsylvania Artillery, was relieved in Battery 10 by a section of White's (Fourth Maine), which was withdrawn from Fort Haskell. The other section of Battery F was withdrawn from Fort Stedman, and the whole battery parked near the Norfolk road in rear of the Deserted House. Battery H, First Ohio, was moved from Fort Sedgwick, a section was placed in Battery 13 and one in Battery 14, relieving the Tenth Massachusetts Battery,six guns, which was moved to the neighborhood of Fort Bross. Captain Mayo's (Third Maine) battery was relieved in Fort Rice by a section of Battery A, First New Jersey Artillery. Captain Mayo then reported with his battery to Brigadier-General Benham, at City Point. One gun of E, First Rhode Island (light 12-pounder), from Fort Rice, was placed in railroad battery, and the gun of A, First New Jersey, relieved, went into Fort Rice. The Fourteenth Massachusetts Battery was withdrawn, one section from Fort Bross and one from the rear of Fort Sedgwick. The Third Vermont Battery was withdrawn from Battery No. 16. The commanding officers of these batteries were ordered to report with their commands to Brigadier-General Benham, at City Point. Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, which was withdrawn previously, moved to the neighborhood of Fort Bross. Batteries C and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and First New Hampshire Battery, which were also in reserve to the neighborhood of the Southall house. The caisson camps of the batteries remaining in position were moved back out of sight of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. HAZARD,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General MILES,Commanding First Division, Second Army Corps:

General Hancock suggests to the general commanding that signal stations be kept up at the Friend house, Avery house, and Fort Davis.

