
I have directed these stations of observation to remain as they are. Reports of all observations made from them will be reported to your. Please forward the same to these headquarters.

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, October 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General MILES,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that all wagons, animals, artillery, &amp;c., not on our under the protection of the line, must be moved to City Point to-morrow afternoon or night. The chief quartermaster will assign some position for your general train. Your troops will be rationed with six days' full rations from the 27th. Whatever forage and subsistence you require from the train should be drawn and issued by 12 m. to-morrow. Your intrenching tools you can keep with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General EGAN,Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires to be informed whether you have moved your headquarters, and, if so, where they are located. It is important, and orders require, that all such changes should be immediately reported to these headquarters. A brigade of your division (the Second) was seen to come over the plain a few minutes since in full view of the enemy toward its new camp. If that brigade worked till after daylight the general says it should not have done so. He desires to know whether it did or not; and, if not, why the movement was not made to their new camp before daylight in this movement of troops. Please answer by messenger.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 25, 1864.

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to state, in answer to your communication of this date, that Captain Doten, of my staff, informed Major Mitchell

