
this morning of the change in the location of my headquarters. My command was not relieved by the First Division until 2.30 this a.m. I then moved my headquarters with my troops. The order detailing that fatigue party, 500 men, from my command, last evening, stated that they would be relieved in the morning. They were not relieved until 9 o'clock this morning. I sent a staff officer to lead them to the new camp by the most concealed route, and he informs me that he conducted them here, so that, in his opinion, they were entirely out of view of the enemy. I gave the most positive instructions to the commanding officer of the Second Brigade, myself, about 11 o'clock last night that in case he was relieved before daylight this morning the would march his command to this camp in rear of Fort Bross. The officer in charge of the fatigue detail from the Second Brigade states that the engineer officer to whom he reported directed him to discontinue working at 4 o'clock this morning, and that he then reported his command at the Avery house without any instructions from the brigade commander to move from there, and he consequently waited for further orders. I shall hold the commanding officer of the Second Brigade responsible for neglecting my most positive instructions. Through the neglect of one of my staff officers my headquarters was not reported upon my arrival here.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. EGAN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, October 25, 1864.

Major S. CARNCROSS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this division has been relieved by the First Division, with the exception of the garrison of Forts Blaisdell, Bross, and Stevenson, and is now massed on the clearing near the Southall house. Nothing further of note occurred since my last report.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, October 25, 1864.

Major-General MOTT,Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the garrisons as Forts Stevenson and Patrick Kelly can join your command early to-morrow morning. It is not known that any of your men are at work to-night. The general desires them all to rest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

