HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, October 25, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing unusual occurred in my front yesterday or during the night. All was quiet.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 51. October 25, 1864.

I. The command will move at dawn on Thursday, 27th instant. Each man will carry sixty rounds of ammunition on his person and four days' full rations, from 27th instant.

II. Wagons to carry forty rounds of ammunition per man, two days' forage for the horses of the mounted officers, and the spring-wagons allowed to the several headquarters. One-half the ambulances, with all the stretchers, will be prepared to accompany the troops. No baggage or headquarters wagons will be allowed, but instead such pack animals will be used as will be necessary for carrying and tents of officers. All other trains and wagons than just specified will be sent during the night of the 26th within the intrenchments at City Point under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the army. The vehicles not sent to City Point and pack animals will not march with the troops, but remain parked by division in secure position near their present encampments, to be sent for as occasion may require.

III. Every man on detached services, special extra, or daily duty that can be temporarily placed in the ranks for an emergency will be armed and equipped and sent to the ranks for this operation.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,No. 266. October 25, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

II. The One hundred and eighty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers having reported in compliance with paragraph V, Special Orders, No. 287, from headquarters Army of the Potomac, is assigned to the First Division, and will report to Brigadier-General Bartlett, commanding.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,No. 152. October 25, 1864.

1. The Thirty-second Massachusetts Volunteers is hereby transferred from the Second to the Third Brigade, and will report accordingly.

