
2. In compliance with Special Orders, No. 358, War Department, current series, the Eighteenth and Twenty-second Massachusetts Battalions are consolidated with the Thirty-second Massachusetts Volunteers, and the commanding officers of those battalions will report with their command to the commanding officer Thirty-second Massachusetts Volunteers without delay.

3. The One hundred and eighty-seventh New York Volunteers having reported in compliance with Special Orders, No. 266, headquarters Fifth Corps, are hereby assigned to the Second Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Gregory commanding, and will report accordingly.

By command of Brigadier-General Bartlett:

GEO. G. MONTEITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, October 25, 1864-9 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report that nothing unusual has transpired along our lines during the past twenty-four hours. A deserter from the Twenty-seventh North Carolina has been forwarded. He had nothing new to communicate.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,No. 211. Peeble's House, Va., October 25, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

5. I. The line of works from Fort Fisher to Fort Cummings will be garrisoned as follows: Fort Fisher - Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Thirty-first Maine Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel E. L. Getchell, Thirty-first Maine Volunteers, commanding; Fort Welch - Fifty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, Seventeenth Vermont Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Whiton, Fifty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, commanding; Fort Gregg - Eighth Michigan Volunteers, recruits of Fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Ely commanding; Fort Sampson - Third Maryland Volunteers, Captain Joseph F. Carter commanding; Fort Cummings - Forty-sixth New York Volunteers, Captain Adolph Becker commanding.

II. Division commanders will see that the troops composing these garrisons belonging to their commands, respectively, are supplied with six days' rations and 200 rounds of ammunition per man.

III. These regiments will encamp in immediate vicinity of the redoubts garrisoned by them, respectively, and are expected to picket their entire front.

IV. Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Ely, Eighth Michigan Volunteers, being the senior officers, is assigned to the command of the whole line, and will report in person at these headquarters for special instructions.

By command of Major General John G. Parke:

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

