
works, disappearing behind the lead-works. A camp of about a small regiment has disappeared from the Boydton plank road near Butterworth's. The enemy is strengthening his picket-line near the Bailey house, by making the pits a connected rifle-pit.

C. L. DAVIS,

Captain and Signal Officer.

AVERY HOUSE, October 26, 1864-4.40 p.m.

Major B. F. FISHER:

At 12.30 p.m. the ambulance train of the enemy, that has been for a time parked on the open space on the hill to the right of the city, moved away, going to the left. A small detail of the enemy's infantry have been at work strengthening the right of the long river battery northwest of station. No movement of troops or trains has been seen this p.m.

B. W. MARCY,

In Charge of Station.

JERUSALEM PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

October 26, 1864-5.20 p.m.

Major B. F. FISHER:

Between 12 m. and 3 p.m. a train of sixteen wagons and some small squads of cavalry moved from Petersburg to our left and disappeared on road running west from large fort on Weldon railroad. Smoke has prevented a view of the left since 3 p.m.; up to that time camps were unchanged, but presented more than an ordinary amount of activity. No changes have occurred in our immediate front.

A. K. CAROTHERS,

Sergeant.

CHURCH ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

October 26, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Captain PAINE:

At 10 a.m. six wagons passed eastward on Boydton plank road. At 11.30 a.m. a pioneer party of about 200 men made their appearance near works near Jones. About three regiments of infantry, in all about 3,000 men, have spent the p.m. drilling near works between fort 30 degrees east of north and lead-works.

J. L. PRAY,

Sergeant.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,October 26, 1864.

Major FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Stations report no movements this p.m., and all quiet on the enemy's lines seen from the stations. Sergeants Sleeper and Aiken will occupy, respectively, the Church road and Fort Howard stations at daylight to-morrow as directed.

CHAS. L. DAVIS,

Captain, &amp;c.

