HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,October 26, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: My troops are in bivouac near the Lewis and Perkins houses-the rear just coming in. They stopped here, owing to some difficulty about finding the designated point, the rear line of intrenchments not being marked on my maps, and with the understanding that when we march in the morning the column moves out the Church road by Colonel Wyatt's, and from thence by a cross-road three-quarters of a mile from Colonel Wyatt's to the Vaughan road. We strike the Vaughan road at the point marked Mrs. Davis' on the map, and really will gain time by the operations. We can move from here at an earlier hour and go by the Vaughan house, if necessary. Owing to this change I have established my headquarters at the Lewis house. Captain Paine can explain the position to you, as he has been here.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 26, 1864-7 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

Your dispatch received. It is not necessary to go by the Vaughan hose, but take the shortest route in the manner you propose. I have already sent you a note about Captain Ryckman's command of cavalry.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

You would have found the rear line of works readily from Fort Dushane, from which a road ran along them.

A. A. H.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,October 26, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: General Gregg tells me he learns from deserters that the Vaughan road, particularly near Hatcher's Run, is much obstructed by slashing. I cannot say where daylight will find me. I am of the opinion that nothing will be gained by starting at such an early hour, moving over an obstructed road held by the enemy. I fear that the command will be much separated in the night. I do not, however, suggest any changes, but think by starting at a later hour we can make the same distance, in better order. It is not light till about 5.30.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

