HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 26, 186408.30 p.m. (Received 9 p.m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

Your dispatch received. The commanding general modifies the hour of your starting to 3.30. This will bring you to the vicinity of Hatcher's Run about 5.30; that is, the dawn of day. You will advise Gregg accordingly, I suppose.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

October 26, 1864.

The Second and Third Division of this command will move at 2 p.m. the Third Division in advance. The line of march will be from the Southall house, through the wood by the Widow Smith's, Williams', and Gurley's houses, and Fort Dushane. The command will bivouac just outside the line and near the Vaughan house. Staff officers from each of these divisions will report at these headquarters at 12 m. to accompany an officer from these headquarters to select camping grounds. The chief of artillery will assign two batteries to the Third Division and one to the Second Division. The ambulances and wagons permitted to accompany the troops will move in rear of the divisions to which they belong. At the termination of the march the men will be strictly confined to their camps. No calls will be sounded and only small fires allowed.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

SEPTEMBER CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS,] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

October 26, 1864.

The command will move at 2 a.m. to-morrow, the 27th, as follows: The infantry command, General Egan leading, by the Church road to the Vaughan road, thence across Hatcher's Run, by Dabney's Mill, to other Boydton plank road. General Egan will move with an advanced guard well out. Great care will be taken to keep the troops well closed, and the march will not be hastened unduly before daylight. General Gregg, commanding cavalry, will send a squadron of cavalry in advance of the infantry column. General Gregg will move by Rowanty Post-Office to the Vaughan road, communicating with the infantry column whenever practicable, following the general instructions for his command in the orders from headquarters of the army. From the present camp to the point where the Church and Halifax roads diverge, the road will be used in common by the infantry and cavalry. The cavalry will take the left and the infantry command right of the road to the point of separation. To prevent confusion the commanders of troops will, by means of staff officers and guides, force the troops to keep on the right and left of the road respectively. A guide will be furnished General Egan. None of the wagons allowed, except ambu-

