
will to-night clear the road for you past Poplar Spring Church, Peebles' and Clements' house, the one running behind the rear of intrenchments. You pass out on the left of the fort at Clements' house, and take a wood road running from what was the Conway house (destroyed) to the Westmoreland house and Duncan road. The Conway house was just in front of the fort at the Clements house. Have you had a staff officer over the route I mention, which is just opened by Parke? If not, had you not better send one?

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

Furnished for the information of division commanders and the commander of the artillery brigade, who will move their commands promptly at 4 a.m.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 26, 1864-9 p.m. (Received 9.15 p.m.)

General WARREN:

I have had an opening made through the parapet of the left of Fort Cummings, and also moved Ferrer's division back from the parapet, so that you can move along from the Vaughan road, directly behind the infantry parapets through it on the left of Fort Cummings. I will move out through the parapet on the right of Fort Cummmings.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 26, 1864. (Received 9.40 p.m.)

General WARREN:

General Humphreys telegraphs me to send a staff officer with one of yours over the road you are to take. If your troops take the Vaughan road to the rear line of parapet, and thence along it to Fort Cummings, there need be no collision; but if you wish I will have a staff officer accompany one of your over the road.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 53. October 26, 1864.

The following will be the order of march to-morrow:

I. The First Division will set out at 5.30 a.m., so as to keep closed on General Parke's column.

II. The Second Division, General Ayres', will set out at the same time by the road through the woods, so as to keep closed on the First Division.

