
Miller; Battery 25, two light 12-pounders, Lieutenant Sheehy; Fort Howard, two light 12-pounders, two 3-inch rifles, Lieutenant McMahon; Battery 26, two 3-inch rifles, two light 12-pounders, Lieutenant Clark; Fort Wadsworth, four light 12-pounders, four 3-inch rifles, Captain Matthewson; Fort Keene, two 3-inch rifles, two light 12-pounders, Captain Ritchie; Fort Urmston, four light 12-pounders, two 3-inch rifles, Lieutenant Hazelton; Fort Conahey, two 3-inch rifles, two light 12-pounders, Captain Breck.

C. S. WAINWRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 26, 1864-9.25 a.m.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

As circumstances may require the movement to the front of your batteries in the inclosed works, the commanding general considers it best that the horses of these guns and their caissons should be placed in some secure place near the works instead of being sent within the intrenchments of City Point.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 26, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

The commanding general hopes you will be able to surprise the enemy to-morrow morning, but if you should not, and should find his works strong and well manned, he does not expect you to attack him, but to confront and threaten him. This he presumes you understand, but thinks it best to mention it as a matter of precaution. Get your troops out of the way to-night of the road Warren will take, past Poplar Spring Church and the left of the fort at Clements' house. Have a perfect understanding with Warren about the road he will take, and send a staff officer with one of his over the road. Warren will move at 4 o'clock.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 26, 1864-8 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

I have the honor to report that the opening is made through the parapet and abatis on the left of Fort Cummings.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

