
you may have in your dismounted camp near City Point must be ordered to report to Brigadier-General Benham, commanding defenses at City Point, and that the men must, if necessary, take their places in the trenches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,

October 26, 1864.

This division will move from its present camps this afternoon in the following order, viz: Thir Brigade, at 2 o'clock, by way of Temple's and in front of the Gurley house to the Weldon railroad in front of the Perkins house and there camp. The brigade in reaching the point designated will keep inside the cavalry pickets, outside the line of works. Second Brigade, at 3 o'clock, by the same route, and to camp in rear of the Third. First Brigade, at 4 o'clock, by the same route, and to camp in rear of or to the left of the Third Brigade, as will be hereafter designated. The present camps will be broken up, the wagons packed and sent to report to the division quartermaster. After leaving the present camps no calls will be sounded until further orders. The pickets of the First Brigade will be withdrawn at dark, those of the Second and Third Brigade in time to move with their brigades at 2 a.m. to-morrow.

The entire command will be provided with four days' rations and two days' forage from to-morrow morning. The ammunition train will move at 3 p.m. to the vicinity of the Yellow Tavern.

By command of Brigadier-General Gregg:

A. H. BIBBER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,

October 26, 1864-12.25 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

I take leave to send you a copy of my orders for the movement to-morrow. If you will do me the favor to examine them and see if there is anything you object to therein, and will notify me, there will be time to change. If you can spare him, I should be very glad to have Colonel Comstock with me to-morrow.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C.,

ARMY OF THE JAMES,

In Field, October 26, 1864.

General TERRY,

Commanding Tenth Army Corps:

It is proposed that this army shall make a demonstration upon our right, in order, if possible, to turn the left of the enemy's intrenched and defended lines. It is believed, from information and reconnaissance, that his exterior defended line extends only a short distance to the east of the Darbytown road, certainly not farther than the Charles

