
City road. Therefore, it is supposed that if this troops are held in his intrenched line by a demonstration in his front, that another column marching free may turn his line, and at least force him to retire to his inner line or to attack us in the open field, which is desirable. The essay will be made on Thursday, the 27th instant, in manner following: General Terry will withdraw such troops as he can spare, leaving sufficient to hold his lines. There will be sent him nearly 2,000 additional troops to those on his field return. It is presumed that General Terry will thus have a mobile column of 8,500 effective infantry; to that will be added two four-gun batteries of artillery. With this force General Terry will feel along the enemy's lines to the right as far, at least, as the Charles City road, pushing the enemy's skirmish lines, but not attacking their works, except in cases hereafter mentioned. This movement will be made so as to feel the enemy as early as 7 a.m.

While this movement is in progress, concealing the march of another column, General Weitzel, having withdrawn as many men as can be spared from his lines, leaving Fort Burnham well garrisoned and sufficient force together with the men additional to his field return, say 2,500 and left men enough to hold his lines, will move with the remainder of his corps, say 7,500 effective infantry and two four gun batteries of artillery, along the Kingsland road, across the New Market road, by the Drill-Room to the Darbytown (or Central) road; thence up that road to the neighborhood of the Baptist Church; then by some of the several large roads across to the Charles City road at a point near White's Tavern; then by a road near Mrs. Carter's house to the Williamsburg road in a direction to bring the head of the column near the enemy's outer line of works at Williamsburg road. It is assumed that this march will have flanked the enemy's defended intrenched line. It may be from information which will be given that the enemy's line does not extend beyond the Charles City road, and that it may be well to shorten the march and attempt to turn the line at that point; but that must depend on the state of things existing on arrival there. This march of Weitzel's column will bring him within a mile of the rear of General Terry's, after leaving our lines, in position to support him if necessary, so that General Terry can have no hesitation in provoking an attack from the enemy at any time. In case General Weitzel succeeds in turning the enemy's line they will either give battle, or, as is more probable, make for their second line. When General Weitzel is at the outer line, either at Williamsburg or Charles City road, he will be nearer the inner line than the enemy, either at New Market or Darbytown road, and a vigorous push there may secure the second line before the enemy can reach it. There will be found artillery, with a small guard, in the redoubt on that line, and if we wait long enough it will be defended.

Colonel West, with his cavalry, will cover the flanks and head of General Weitzel's column, driving in the cavalry pickets and courts, and driving before him Gary's cavalry, so managing his force as to conceal Weitzel's column and give the idea that his march is but a cavalry reconnaissance. Colonel West will report to General Weitzel after the columns join.

In case the enemy leaves his exterior line for his interior line General Terry will push him so as to delay him. If he endeavors to move to the left (our right), so as to meet the march of Weitzel, then General Terry will so far press the enemy as to require his presence in his own front. If we should have the good fortune to turn the second line, then, if in the judgment of the commander there is a reasonable prospect of possible success, an attempt may be made to pass between or assault the enemy's

