HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 2, 1864-9 a. m. (Received 9.30 a. m.)

General WILLIAMS:

An infantry force not less than 200 had better be left in the redoubt on the Norfolk road. Hancock thinks they could hold it and it will be of importance to hold it. Hancock will supply them. They had better be taken from the One hundred and fourteenth and Sixty-eighth, and the engineers may be wanted on the left.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 2, 1864.

Brigadier General H. J. HUNT:

The commanding general desires that the artillery you have at Prince George Court-House and at the lower redoubt on the Norfolk railroad be withdrawn this morning and ordered to report to Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Army Corps

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 2, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Two deserters from Thirty-fifth North Carolina, Ransom's brigade, Johnson's division, just forwarded. Came in last night. Johnson's division remains unchanged. Informants have good reason to believe that Hoke's division was sent to Chaffin's Bluff, and afterward recalled, and all or part of it sent to the right beyond the Weldon railroad. It moved from the ravine in the rear a day or two ago and crossed the Appomattox. The cooks of the Thirty-fifth North Carolina, who are stationed to the rear in Petersburg, reported yesterday that all, or part of it, had been recalled and sent to the right. Two prisoners of war from Forty-eighth Mississippi, Harris' brigade, Mahone's division, taken last night, report that no change has been made in the position of Mahone's division. They are not reliable, however.

Yours, respectfully,

J. C. BABCOCK.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, October 2, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following dispatch from the plank road station is respectfully forwarded:

At 5.30 p. m. a column of infantry, about 2,000, came out on road west of Weldon railroad from the direction of Petersburg, and disappeared in woods on the right of the large fort west of the railroad. Seventeen ambulances went in toward Petersburg, coming from the left along the Weldon railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.

(Forwarded to Lieutenant-General Grant at 8 p. m.)

