
spoke of sending, one competent to take general charge of the whole of it, as I shall be glad to have him do if fitted for the duties. It requires one, of course, who would understand the service behind the lines of the light as well as the heavy guns, who would keep the batteries well supplied with the proper ammunition and see that they are properly cared for, and who would see that the platforms that our men put up are properly arranged. As the pieces sent me are, I fear, all 3-inch rifles, it appears to me that it might be well if some of your guns, say three or fort, had big mouths for canister.

Very truly, yours,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

October 26, 1864-7.50.

General A. H. TERRY:

General Butler directs that you inform the press correspondents that no information of the movement to-morrow shall be sent off before the day after to-morrow morning; not even a hint as to the prospect of moving. He will hold the correspondents strictly responsible that this order is obeyed.

GEO. A. KENSEL,

Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 149. Before Richmond, Va., October 26, 1864.

I. Hereafter the picket duty along the entire front of this division will be performed by brigades in regular routine, respectively, commencing this p.m. with the First Brigade, Colonel A. C. Voris commanding. The tour of duty for each brigade will be as follows, viz: First Brigade, five days; Second Brigade, four days; Third Brigade, three days. The pickets will be relieved daily, and, as far as practicable, the detail for each day will be taken from one regiment.

By order of Brigadier General A. Ames:

CHAS. A CARLETON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 118. In the Field, Va., October 26, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Major G. B. Dyer, Ninth Maine Volunteers, is hereby relieved from command of the redoubt on the front of the Third Brigade, Second Division, and will report for duty with his regiment. He will turn over his instructions to Lieutenant Colonel A. Alden, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers.

III. Lieutenant Colonel A. Alden, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the redoubt on the front of the Third Brigade, Second Division, and in the absence of the brigade to the command of the line now occupied by the Third Brigade.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Foster:

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

