
marched at the rate of three miles in fifty minutes, resting the last ten minutes of each hours. Corps headquarters will be indicated to division commanders from time to time. Each division commander will send a staff officer to these headquarters to get the correct corps time.

By command of Brevet Major-General Weitzel:

D. D. WHEELER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 26, 1864.

The troops of this command will be aroused for breakfast to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock, and be in line in readiness to march at precisely 5 o'clock. The men will move in light marching order, carrying sixty rounds of ammunition and three days' rations (cooked) on their person. The First Brigade will take the lead, followed by the Second, and that followed by the Third. All teams except the ambulance train will be in rear of the colored division. The corps of sharpshooters will report to Lieutenant-Colonel Raulston, commanding First Brigade. The column will move three miles every fifty minutes, resting ten minutes after each march. Brigade commanders will see that these requirements are complied with in their commands.

By command of Brigadier-General Marston:

GEORGE A. BRUCE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,

October 26, 1864-1.50 p.m.

General C. K. GRAHAM:

MY DEAR GENERAL: To-morrow morning, I make a movement to the right and Meade will make one of the left. I give you this information so that you may watch your lines closely. Keep me informed of all movements of the enemy, by courier or otherwise. Have your boats where they will do service in case the enemy try you on the left.

Yours, truly,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, October 26, 1864.

Colonel SAMUEL P. SPEAR,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding directs that you put your brigade in condition to move at a moment's notice, with three days' cooked rations in haversacks, one day's forage, and sixty rounds of ammunition per man.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. H. SCHENCK,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

