HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, October 2, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the following from my stations in addition to the dispatch forwarded; Several camps upon the north bank of the Appomattox northwest from Pocahontas have disappeared. Forty ambulances came toward Petersburg from the direction of Richmond; also one regiment of infantry. The lookout at the plank road station states there is some evidence of a slight increase in numbers in the intrenchments in front of that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.

(Forwarded to General Grant at 8 p. m.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 2, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

The commanding general has directed that the camp of these headquarters move at 11 a. m. to-day to the vicinity of the Weldon railroad. The infantry detachments and the artillery at Prince George Court-House and at the lower redoubt on the Norfolk railroad will be withdrawn this morning. The detachments of cavalry are ordered to remain at both places, and to be reported to you. The artillery has also been ordered to report to you.

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 2, 1864-10.10 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Four negroes and one refugee from Petersburg have just been brought in. They confirm what has already been heard, that Wilcox started away on Wednesday, but returned when the fight commenced on the left. They say that during the past week Government stores and the property of citizens have been removed from Petersburg, and the sick and wounded taken away. They do not know what troops are opposite me, except Johnson's division on my right. The laborers in machine-shops, &amp;c., who could be spared, have been placed in the intrenchments to take the place of troops moved toward our left during the fighting. I have sent them up to your old headquarters. Two of them are very intelligent boys.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 2, 1864. (Received 11.10 a. m.)

General HUMPHREYS:

A deserter from Ransom's brigade, Johnson's division, has been brought in. He has nothing new. Says the men would make one good

