
per piece. I think the circumstances indicate falling back to be the proper course. I have a frail hold on the roads between me and the ammunition and troops at an early hour, the result would be a disaster, as the enemy have hemmed me in and pressed me closely. Barring accidents, I doubt the feasibility of issuing ammunition and getting up troops to-night, and will, therefore, withdraw rather than take the responsibility of disaster. At the same time I regret it, as I have resisted successfully so far.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

General Gregg says he is short of ammunition, and his fight lasted so late that his command is disorganized to an extent to make it impracticable to issue to them in the night.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 27, 1864.

General N. A. MILES,

Avery House:

The commanding general desires that you will closely watch the enemy in front, and acquaint him by telegraph with any movements that you may discover.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 27, 1864.

General N. A. MILES,

Commanding Division, Second Corps, Avery House:

Should you discover that the enemy has greatly weakened his force in your front and so report, or should the commanding general receive from other sources information leading to this conclusion, you may be required to collect all the available forces you can, say 2,000 men, and make an attempt to break through the enemy's line. The commanding general therefore desires that, with a view to such order, you have a suitable point of assemblage for your available forces selected and your plans so arranged that, should you receive instructions of the character indicated, you may be prepared to execute them with the least delay possible.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 27, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your two dispatches received. Movements of the enemy will be promptly reported as soon as discovered. The only change yet is the disappearance of a camp of about sixty tents on the right of the lead-works.

N. A. MILES,

Brigadier-General.

