HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,October 27, 1864-6.45 p.m.

[Major-General WARREN:]

GENERAL: I sent out scouts on my left. One, an intelligent officer, has just returned. He says he saw a considerable body of troops passing to my left on the road crossing Hatcher's Run above my position. It is half a mile. Unless this gap is closed I may expect hot work to-morrow, as a prisoner just received says Mahone's division was on the march at dark, crossed the run, and going toward Hancock. One prisoner has just been taken from MacRae's brigade (Heth). Same relieved MacRae at 3 o'clock to-day. I feel more apprehensive for my left and rear than my front.

Respectfully,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 27, 1864-10 p.m.

General CRAWFORD:

General Hancock and Gregg had a pretty heavy fight this evening and repulsed all the attacks, and took about 700 prisoners; but being out of ammunition, and his troops in such condition that he cannot issue any to-night, he is ordered to withdraw, and will be doing so during the night. He is directed to leave a force at the steam saw-mill till you withdraw. I think you had best begin to withdraw as soon as you can see in the morning, taking care to bring in all your pickets, and drive in the stragglers. You can withdraw down your side of the rear, or you can make a bridge and cross over in rear of Griffin's line of skirmishers, or go back by the way you came. In any case, inform General Hancock's force at the saw-mill of your having one it, and be sure that all your own men at that place are brought in. Let me know of the receipt of this, and keep me informed in the morning of your movements. When you get this side of the river if you cross near your present right form in two lines on Griffin's left if you get no other instructions.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FIFTH CORPS,On Weldon Railroad, October 27, 1864-5 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel T. F. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet on my front and rear. No demonstration from enemy, and nothing of importance to report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. BAXTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

