HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 27, 1864-7.30 a.m.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

The commanding general wishes you to push ahead more rapidly and get into position. The rear of Ferrero's division is still at the Clements house fort. It is probable that there is no chance left for surprising the enemy's works, but the troops should be in position as quickly as it is possible to get them. The pickets in front the intrenchments should be thrown forward to join those crossing the Duncan road as soon as the latter are established.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Watkins' House, October 27, 1864-9.45 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

I have just received your dispatch, with one from General Hancock. General Humphreys has gone on to Warren. General Willcox is up with the enemy's line, and is now engaged, skirmishing. He is extending to the left to connect with Warren, and, if he finds a weak spot, will attempt to carry the line. Potter is across the road to the north of the Haws redoubt and Ferrero occupies the interval between Willcox and Potter. Skirmishing still going on in front of Willcox. He is feeling their lines.

Yours, respectfully,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

OCTOBER 27, 1864-11 a.m.

PARKE:

Dispose your troops so as to cover the roads by which the enemy can reach and attack you, connecting with Warren's right. If the enemy comes out of his works attack him. Keep a good lookout for him. Warren is sending a division across Hatcher's Run.

A. A. H[UMPHREYS],

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Watkins' House, October 27, 1864-5 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

I have a continuous line of pickets and skirmishers from General Warren's right to our old position, Potter's right connecting with the left of the line thrown out from the entrenched position. I have sent for the entrenching tools, and will have the line entrenched, unless other-wise directed.

Very respectfully,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

