HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,October 27, 1864-3.45 p.m.

Lieutenant SHREVE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have received additional information from another source that the enemy is moving troops to our right, indicating a continuous movement. The officer reporting this is on the left of my line.

Very respectfully,

A. AMES,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,October 27, 1864-4.10 p.m.

Captain CARLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that on my right the enemy appears to have two lines of abatis between his detached pits and his main line. On the left and center is a heavy slashing and, I believe, abatis, though I could not make cut clearly. My line of skirmishers, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, is strong and pushing as closely as possible. The four pieces of artillery in the salient of the line in front of about your position enfilade my line and is like advancing against the curtain of a bastioned fort; still, we drove the rebels out of his pits, capturing five prisoners. Up to about noon the indications were that the enemy was [not] so strong as he is now. Since noon many more heads have appeared. The force has not diminished any, so far as we can judge, since noon. I have had a bright sergeant up a tree noting every indication. I have been on the skirmish line, or one of my staff, all the time. Your order to get information as to the movement of troops (Field's division) is committed to Captain Hawkins, acting assistant inspector-general; he will see it executed.

Respectfully,

H. M. PLAISTED,

Colonel Eleventh Maine, Commanding Brigade.

SIGNAL STATION, October 27, 1864-4.10 p.m.

General TERRY:

Captain Camp, commanding skirmishers, reports that he has seen rebel troops with knapsacks going from their right to their left at a double-quick.

HAWLEY,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,October 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General HAWLEY,

Commanding Third Division:

The general commanding directs me to say that he has received your dispatch stating that enemy is moving to your right. If you think they have stripped the works in front of you of troops, push in.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. P. SHREVE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

