HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,White's Tavern, October 27, 1864-9.15 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Va. and N. C.:

Marston's division is here; I expect the colored brigade sometime in the night, but Heckman, I fear, will not be able to get in until after dawn, and may have trouble. This march, in this very dark night and through such a country and over such roads, has had an awful effect on the organization of my troops. The events of to-day may be briefly summed up, that we marched to the Williamsburg road, according to instructions, about two hours later than I expected to get there. Believing the enemy's line there to be manned by dismounted cavalry, I considered it my duty to make an attack. Ii did this with two brigades, which certainly would have been sufficient had my supposition been correct; but they were met by a very heavy fire, and only about a third brigade of each brigade returned. In the meantime, by your direction, I sent Holman to find the enemy's left, if possible, by the York River Railroad;. He thought he found it, attacked and carried the enemy's works. He was wounded; so was Kiddoo-mortally, it is feared. Before this success was reported to me I had ordered him back, but it was so late in the day that this success would have been of no value. My troops have had a hard time of it, and will be very much worn out to-morrow morning. I think that 1,000 will cover the total loss in killed, wounded, and missing. I think I made a demonstration, however, as lively as possible under the circumstances. If it had been possible to have avoided two hours delay on the march, I think would have gotten around the enemy's left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Brevet Major-General.

P. S.-I will not be able to put Marston into position until morning; it is too dark.

Very respectfully,

G. WEITZEL.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,White's Tavern, Va., October 27, 1864-9.15 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHAMBERLAIN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Report to me at this point, when you reach here, for orders.

Very respectfully,

G. WEITZEL,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,White's Tavern, Va., October 27, 1864-9.15 p.m.

Brigadier-General HECKMAN,

Commanding Second Division, Eighteenth Army Corps:

I fear that you will have great difficulty in bringing in the trains and artillery to-night. Try your best to do it, if possible, by building fires, &c., along the road; if not possible, bivouac in a good defensible posi-

