
division a considerable number killed, wounded, and captured. The enemy are now threatening our left in considerable force. Our line extends full two miles west of the Weldon railroad with the left turned back. The troops intrenched themselves during the night.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 1, 1864-8 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I forward dispatches* from Generals Parke, Hancock, and signal officer. From them you will see the enemy had not left Parke's front at last report, and that they are being re-enforced this morning. From the deserter's statement I feel confirmed in the view expressed last evening that I have two divisions in the lines against me, and two meeting my attack on the left. Part of these in the lines were or will be sent to the point threatened. I am awaiting a report from Warren and Parke, and Gregg, as to the reconnaissances ordered this morning. Parke and Warren were ordered to advance if they deemed it practicable, and the substance of General Butler's dispatch sent to them. If I advance I will send up Hancock's division, and put in all the troops I can get hold of.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 1, 1864-9.20 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I send you a dispatch from provost-marshal indicating four divisions in my front.+ I also forward a report from Warren,+ just received, indicating the enemy not only in force in his front, but menacing him. This may be policy. I have ordered Mott's division to the left; as soon as he reaches there I will assume the offensive. This leaves the line from the Appomattox to the Weldon railroad to be held by the divisions of Hancock and the colored troops, less than 15,000.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 1, 1864. (Received 10.30 a. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

I start in a few minutes for General Butler's headquarters. Dispatches directed to Deep Bottom will reach me. There is one regiment of new troops here assigned to you that might be ordered out and put in the line. You will be able to judge best as to the propriety of further offensive operations.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See Hancock to Humphreys, 7 a. m.; Parke to Humphreys, 5.15 a. m., and Fulton to Fisher, 6.45 a. m., pp. 11, 25, 9.

+See Babcock to Meade, beginning-Deserter from Sixtieth Alabama, p. 8, and Warren to Humphreys, 8 a. m., p. 18.

---------------

