
section of the Fourteenth Massachusetts is in position in Battery 37. Nothing of importance occurred on the line during the past twenty-four hours. Very little firing by the artillery. No casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. HAZARD,

Major, Commanding.

(Copy to Captain John N. Craig, assistant adjutant-general, artillery headquarters, Army of the Potomac.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, October 2, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of General Orders, Numbers 37, headquarters Army of the Potomac, approving my action in regard to regiments losing their colors in battle. My order was originally published for the benefit of my own command, under the impression that I had power to act in the premises. Now, as the rule is made general in this army, the three regiments mentioned in my order ought not to be made to suffer the disgrace alone when others in other corps, in this corps, and even in this division, have also lost their colors. I therefore respectfully request that the order may be made to commence from the same date for all, or, what would perhaps be better, not made retrospective, but apply to all regiments losing their colors hereafter. Another regiment in this division lost its colors in the same action (Reams') but was not included in my order, because the regiment itself was captured and the circumstances could not be investigated.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,

October 2, 1864.

Brigade commanders will hold their commands well in hand, vigilant to the utmost, and under arms at daylight.

By command of Brevet Major-General Mott:

J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 2, 1864-8 a. m.

Major-General WARREN:

General Crawford was instructed last evening to keep a watch upon the enemy in his front and make demonstration of attack in order to keep him (the enemy) in the intrenchments in his front. If, however, the enemy should greatly weaken the force in his front ad afford him a favorable opportunity he was to attack. The commanding general has directed him this morning to communicate with you before making any serious movement.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General and Chief of Staff.

