HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, At Weldon Railroad, October 2, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

There appears to be a doubt with General Crawford whether General Bragg forms a part of his command, and if he is to look after him under any circumstances, or whether Bragg is to receive his orders from you, or General Ayres, or any one else.*

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, On Weldon Railroad, October 2, 1864-11.15 a. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Appearances indicate that the enemy has withdrawn to his main line of intrenchments. Upon this being ascertained with certainty it is the intention of the commanding general to take up the best line for connecting with the Weldon railroad, and making the left secure, and then to intrench. It is not his intention at present to do more than this. He will neither attack the main intrenchments nor attempt to effect a lodgment on the Boydton plank road. You will be governed in your movements by these considerations.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to General Parke, commanding Ninth Corps.)

General AYRES:

I send you this dispatch, received since I sent you the order to take the fort at the Davis house.+ I will try to come up and see you soon. Unless it can be done easily I do not care much about it, as I believe you are on the best line for us to occupy now.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

YELLOW TAVERN SIGNAL STATION, October 2, 1864-8 a. m. (Received 11.30 a. m.)

Captain MARVIN:

We had a good view of the enemy's lines. They have removed all the guns and most of the force from about the W. Davis' house. There they only show a thin skirmish line. The main works north of station are unusually full of men, or, rather, they show themselves more freely. The fog prevents any extended observations.

Respectfully,

GEO. J. CLARKE,

Signal Officer.

(Copies sent to Generals Parke and Ayres.)

---------------

*For answer, see Warren to Crawford, 11.50 a. m., p. 43.

+See Warren to Ayres, 11.50 a. m., p. 43.

---------------

