
thrown up to-morrow in front of the large redoubt which some of these men, who are armed with sixteen-shooter carbines, will hold. The ten teams will be ordered to report to you early in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHANNING CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ENGINEER Brigadier AND DEFENSES OF CITY POINT,October 28, 1864.

Colonel J. A. MATHEWS, Commanding at Old Court-House:

The general commanding directs me to say that he learns that there is a cavalry picket of some 150 men on the other side of Bailey's Creek. He deems them unnecessary where they are, and if you agree with him he wishes you would send word to Major Tucker, commanding cavalry depot, Second Division, to withdraw them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHANNING CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

October 28, 1864.

The following dispositions of troops is ordered:

1. Brigadier-General Egan, commanding Second Division, will place one of his brigades in the ravine behind the line between Forts Stedman and McGilvery, one behind Fort Morton, and one in rear of the Avery house.

2. Major-General Mott, commanding Third Division, will place one brigade near the Chieves house as a support to the line near the plank road, and one in rear of Forth Hays. From the remaining brigade he will furnish garrisons for Forts Bross, Patrick Kelly, Blaisdell, and Stevenson. The chief of artillery will place a section in each of Forts Bross, Kelly, and Blaisdell, and four guns in Fort Stevenson. The camps of reserve brigades must in all cases be entirely screened from the view of the enemy, that they may hereafter be broken up without discovery. Brigadier-General Miles will afford such assistance to General Egan as may be necessary in locating the brigades of the Second Division. This order to go into effect to-morrow night. Preliminary arrangements can be made during the day to-morrow.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 28, 1864.

General W. S. HANCOCK, Commanding Second Corps:

The trains, excepting supply train and the ambulances, artillery horses, caissons, &amp;c., ordered within the defenses of City Point before the recent movement, have been directed to return to the positions from which they were sent to the rear.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Warren and Parke.)

