
AVERY'S HOUSE, October 28, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS:

Besides the prisoners reported last night I captured eight men of Johnson's division from their picket-line opposite Fort Sedgwick. An officer (lieutenant) deserted from Forty-sixth Virginia. He reports Major-General Dearing killed yesterday. I have sent all these prisoners, twenty-one, to City Point.

N. A. MILES,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 2nd A. C.,

Numbers 31. October 28, 1864.

The colonel commanding the brigade takes pleasure in congratulating the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers for the gallantry displayed in the assault and capture of the enemy's fort on the evening of October 27, 1864. Captain Jerry Brown, Lieutenants Sprankle, Gibb, and Benner, deserve special mention for their bravery and skill in leading the charge. He deeply regrets the loss of Captain H. D. Price, One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, Fourth Brigade, who fell nobly sustaining the proud name he had won by his valor in the field, and sympathizes with the brave men who were wounded.

By order of Colonel Mulholland:

J. WENDEL MUFFLY,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 28, 1864.

Brevet Major-General MOTT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you immediately forward a regiment, not less than 140 in strength, to guard the subsistence depot at Cedar Level Station. The regiment will remain there permanently, or until relieved in orders from these headquarters. Please have an officer directed to see to the locating of the regiment at the above station, and report the regiment and its strength to these headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SEPTEMBER CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 28, 1864 - 7.15 a. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The commanding general wishes you to send Ayres' division as soon as you can to fill up the vacant space between Parke's right and the fort at the Clements house.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

