HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Armstrong's Mill, October 28, 1864 - 5.50 a. m.

General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry:

The commanding general directs that you look out for our rear on the Vaughan and other roads below Armstrong's Mill. General Parke and General Warren are still in position they were in yesterday, from Armstrong's Mill and vicinity toward our line of intrenchments. You will not move in until further orders.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 28, 1864 - 2 p. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG:

Warren's and Parke's troops are within the line of intrenchments. You can now fall back and take up your old position, picketing and patrolling as before.

A. A. H[UMPHREYS],

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 28, 1864.

(Received 10.10 a. m.)

Major-General BUTLER:

The surgeon-general complains that his two hospital transports, the Atlantic and Baltic, have been seized by your order. This proceeding is irregular, and you will please abstain from giving such orders. If there be a necessity for your having the transports, application should be made to the proper bureau, so that adduced provision may be made. This can be done in as brief time as an irregular seizure without authority.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,October 28, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am aware that I sometimes do things irregularly when the exigency requires it, but in the matter of the Atlantic and Baltic I plead not guilty in intention. I made application through General Grant some time since for those boats, because competent sea-boats, to take the sick prisoners along the coast from Savannah. I understood I was to have them when we were ready to do down, and put them in my list in making up the necessary transportation. I knew they were hospital boats, and certainly should never have used them save for hospital purpose, such as this is, to wit, carry sick soldiers, save for hospital purpose, such as this is, to wit, carry sick soldiers, save in case of attack or other emergency . I had not intended to do, and did not suppose I had done, anything irregular in this matter. Shall I discharge

