
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, Va., October 28, 1864.

Each division will occupy the same position on the line that it did before the late movement. The One hundred and seventh, the One hundred and seventeenth, and the One hundred and eighteenth U. S. Colored Troops will retire from the line and encamp in Cox's field as a provisional brigade, under command of the ranking officer, to be thoroughly drilled and disciplined. The commanding officer of this brigade will send a staff officer to these headquarters for orders. Division commanders and chief of artillery will send to these headquarters as quickly as possible a field report of their commands for the 27th and 28th instant; also a list of casualties. They will, in addition, send a list of names of the killed, wounded, and missing in the late engagements, together with a report of operations.

By command of Brevet Major-General Weitzel:

D. D. WHEELER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HATCHER'S FARM, October 28, 1864 - 7 a. m.

General BUTLER:

Our lookouts report two bugle calls and seven reveilles this morning. Two deserters from the Eighth Virginia report that no regiment belonging to Hunton's brigade has left and that it was understood General Pickett intended attacking our line this morning.

CHAS. K. GRAHAM.

HATCHER'S FARM, [October] 28, 1864 - 8 a. m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding Army of the James:

A colored man has just come in who left Petersburg yesterday. He reports that a great portion of artillery on the line between Swift Creek and the Appomattox was removed toward South Side road yesterday. He says only the usual trains ran on the Richmond and Petersburg road yesterday and that no infantry has been removed. I have provided the man with a horse and sent him to you.

CHARLES K. GRAHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,October 28, 1864.

Colonel JOURDAN,

Commanding, Headquarters Eighteenth Army Corps:

Please inform me if there is any attack or firing on your front.

R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

