HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,

October 29, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The plank road station reports:

Three hundred infantry in line, with arms stacked, a little to the right and rear of the lead-works. The enemy's line in our front as far left as the lead-works has assumed the same appearance as before the move. From lead-works to the left, as far as can be seen from this station, the tents have been put up in line of works as formerly and camps are being established in their old positions west of the Weldon railroad to the right of the fort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

JERUSALEM PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

October 29, 1864 - 5.30 p. m.

Major FISHER:

The regiment reported this a. m. as in line to the right and rear of lead-works is still there; has been in line all day. Camps west of railroad and to the right of large fort have been but partially re-established. The greater portion of the troops are lounging around and have not put up tents; have had rations issued them and have been up in line several times during the day. In our immediate front the enemy shows a strong line and appears desirous of keeping them from view as much as possible; could not see where they came from.

A. K. CAROTHERS,

Sergeant.

CHURCH ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

October 29, 1864 - 5.30 p. m.

Captain DAVIS:

At 9.30 a. m. about 100 pioneers made their appearance in works near Jones'; at 12.30 p. m. four wagons passed westward on Boydton plank road; at 4.30 p. m. nineteen ambulances passed point 15 degrees east of north on Cox road, going eastward. The enemy has apparently reoccupied his former camps along this front.

J. L. PRAY,

Sergeant.

CAMP 205TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,

Old Court-House, Va., October 29, 1864.

Colonel J. A. MATHEWS,

Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have been relieved from a tour of duty for forty-eight hours as field officer of the day by Captain Joseph G. Holmes, Company B, Two hundred and fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, and during my tour of duty, commencing the 27th, I had the pickets all posted as my predecessor had them, and there being no cavalry in our front I was re-enforced by the arrival of

