
they were sent out. I would state, further, that during the night of the 27th one of the cavalry vedettes, being attacked or frightened by something in his vicinity, fell back to the main line, and being challenged and not answering, he was fired upon by the man on duty, and unfortunately the ball struck him in the calf of the left leg, making a severe flesh wound.

During the night of the 28th there was some firing along our line that commences at or near Doctor Eppes' house and extends along that road to a point beyond Ralph's house, near which it crosses the road, coming from Bailey's Creek. I had received an additional re-enforcement of fifty dismounted cavalry, and distributed these men along the line with my own, thereby strengthening each post. The firing was some from the cavalry along my east front and some from my own pickets, who thought in the darkness they distinguished objects moving near their posts, and having challenged them, receiving no answers, fired their muskets several times during the night. I gave orders at night, when I passed along the line, for the posts to change their positions to places different from those occupied during the day.

Colonel, in conclusion, I would say that the officers and men in my charge have done their duty as intrusted to them well and faithfully; and further, that the line as now established needs no change, in my judgment.

I am, very respectfully, colonel, your most obedient servant,

W. F. WALTER,

Lieutenant Colonel 205th Regiment Penn. Vols., Field Officers of the Day.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded, with an apology for the voluminousness of the document.

J. A. MATHEWS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to General Patrick for perusal, and with the recommendation that the safeguard be withdrawn from the house of the said Taylor, if not from all others except known loyal men, if any such are to be found.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 29, 1864 - 9 a. m.

General WILLIAMS:

My command is located as follows: One brigade of Third Division near Chieves' house; the rest of the division near the Southall house; one brigade, Second Division, in rear of Fort Stedman; the rest of the division in rear of these headquarters. There is nothing new to report, except that the enemy's works are well manned this morning. A regiment was sent to Cedar Level last night for guard.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

