
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,October 29, 1864.

I do not think it probable that the enemy are engaged in any mining operations against Fort McGilvery, as the flat in front would make their operations very difficult if not impossible, and the distance is considerable. Still, I think it would be advisable, if for no other reason, than to allay the apprehensions of the garrison, to let an engineer officer examine the matter and report whether he thinks any countermine or listening galleries necessary.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 30, 1864.

The commanding general directs that an engineer officer be sent at once to Fort McGilvery to make the examination within desired.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, ENGINEER DEPT.,October 30, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

An engineer officer has been ordered to make the necessary examinations at Fort McGilvery.

N. MICHLER,

Major of Engineers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 74. October 29, 1864.

The brigadier-general, temporarily commanding the division, on relinquishing command, takes pleasure in commanding the officers and men for their unexcelled discipline and gallantry during the late operations. He has never had the pleasure of witnessing greater bravery or the good fortune to be better supported, although entirely surrounded by a vastly superior force and of the elite of the rebel army. Your heroic steadiness has proved your ability to win victory in spite of apparently insurmountable difficulties. The behavior of his command compels him to pass over to them as their right the encomiums of his superiors. It gives him unfeigned gratification to be able to commend all parts of his command without exception, and to assure them that proper representations of the facts will be made to the major-general commanding on his return.

By command of Brigadier-General Egan, commanding division:

WILL GILDER,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

