
edly successful, and wanting only final execution. My command had done everything possible when Colonel McAllister saved them. I cannot sufficiently thank him. The recounting of the particulars of his services is unnecessary, as they are too brilliant not to have been made public ere this, but I beg that you will, if consistent, commend them at large to the major-general commanding the corps, as I shall take great pleasure in doing.

Your most obedient servant,

T. W. EGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,

October 29, 1864.

The following disposition of troops is ordered: General De Trobriand, commanding First Brigade, will place his brigade in camp near the Chieves house as a support to the line near the plank road. General Pierce, commanding Second Brigade, will place his brigade in camp in the rear of Fort Alexander Hays. Colonel McAllister, commanding Third Brigade, will furnish garrison for Forts Bross, Patrick Kelly, Blaisdell, and Stevenson. The reserves of this brigade will encamp near the Southall house. There will be a section of artillery in each of Forts Bross, Kelly, and Blaisdell, and four guns in Fort Stevenson. The camps of the brigades must in all cases be entirely screened from the view of the enemy, that they may hereafter be broken up without discovery, and no trees will be allowed to be cut down in the front that may expose the camps.

This order will go into effect this evening; the preliminary arrangements can be made during the day.

By command of Brevet Major-General Mott:

J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,October 29, 1864.

Brigadier General R. DE TROBRIAND,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: In pursuance with instructions from corps headquarters, the brevet major-general commanding desires that all troops in excess of 140 men now stationed at Cedar Level Station be withdrawn and ordered to join your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AVERY'S HOUSE, October 29, 1864.

Lieutenant STRONG:

A party of about 100 are engaged in extending rifle-pits in rear and left of Whitworth battery. The enemy in works in our front are still as numerous as this a. m.

JANSEN.

