
plank road and the gallantry displayed by them in the battle of the 27th instant, reflecting great credit on the old brigade. Your bravery and determination, as exhibited when surrounded by the enemy, is a new wreath added to the laurels of honor already won by this command in days that are passed. May this and the gallant deeds of those battles stimulate us to do or die for our country in the great cause in which we are engaged. Let each one of us resolve to do our duty, and by the blessing of God victory will perch on our banners, peace will crown our exertions, and millions will do honor to those who have so nobly borne our battle-flag through the trying scenes of this rebellion. As we shed a tear over the lost comrades that have fallen by our side let our prayers go up to God for protection to the widow and the orphan, and our sympathy be with them.

By command of Colonel Robert McAllister:

THOS. H. DUNHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 30, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance occurred in my front yesterday or during the night. No change observed in enemy's position.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 30, 1864 - 9.30 p. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

There is considerable firing on the plank road, and it appears to be extending toward the Weldon railroad. Will you caution Crawford to be ready to send supports to the intrenchments on the right of the Weldon railroad.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 30, 1864 - 9.40 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

General Crawford has just sent the following:

The enemy about an hour ago advanced their skirmish line on our right, and by a flank movement struck the skirmish line of the Second Corps in front of Fort A. Hays, capturing in their advance toward our left some 300 men from the One hundred and eleventh New York and the Sixty-ninth New York. They retired at about a point opposite to Battery 24.

