HDQRS. LIGHT ARTILLERY Brigadier, TENTH ARMY CORPS,October 30, 1864.

First Lieutenant HENRY Y. WILDEY,

Commanding Battery E, First Pennsylvania Artillery:

SIR: As soon as your battery is relieved by Anthony's (New York) battery, you will move to and take position in the Spring Hill redoubt, on the New Market road.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Tenth Army Corps.

IN THE FIELD, VA., October 30, 1864.

Captain ISRAEL R. SEALY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Va. and N. C., Army of the James:

SIR: We the undersigned, officers of the Twenty-second Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, most respectfully and urgently solicit an order convening a court of inquiry to investigate the action and conduct of Colonel J. B. Kiddoo, while commanding the regiment during the 27th instant, and leading it into action on the evening of the same day. Fully imbued with the responsibility resting on us while taking our men into action, we hold it to be due to the honor and name of the regiment to which it is our pride to belong, as also a duty owing to ourselves as men and officers and to the men under our charge, that the veil be lifted which enshrouds our disgraceful rout on the 27th instant; that we, as a regiment, be cleared of the disgrace attaching to us since that day, and that the blame may rest where it properly belongs, on the head of the guilty party or parties. Our men and ourselves will ever be ready to sacrifice our all and our lives for our country, in whose cause we have enlisted, heart and soul, to the bitter end, but we cannot repel the thought that it is rather asking too much of thinking men to risk their lives, which are valuable, if not to themselves, to the country in its present hour of need, to carry out the sublime views and plans of a whisky-crazed brain. Reiterating our prayer to have by the proper authority a court of inquiry instituted in the above premises, with the view of preventing the recurrence of such a disgraceful affair as was enacted by our regiment on the 27th instant, and in the hope that we do not transgress the line of our duty in so doing, we have the honor to be,

Very respectfully, your obedient servants,

ARTHUR P. MOREY,

Captain, 22nd U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Company F.

ARTHUR MARKS,

Captain Company I, Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops.

LEVI GRAYBILL,

Captain Company E, Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops.

WILLIAM W. BURKE,

Captain Company C, Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops.

C. MCKEY,

Captain Company D, Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops.

C. F. EICHACKER,

Captain, 22nd U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Company G.

WILLIAM D. MILLIKEN,

First Lieutenant, Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops.

