
General J. A. Dix. A statement will be forwarded to these headquarters, showing the strength of the regiments and battalions at the time of leaving, and of their officers who are on detached service in this army, and the character of the duties such officers are performing. All enlisted men on detached service in this army belonging to the organizations will be recalled and accompany them to New York. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 31, 1864.

General WILLIAMS:

Last night General Mott relieved the First Division from Battery 24 to Battery 14. General Miles' division is being massed near Southall's house. Sixty men are missing this morning from the picket-line, captured by the enemy last night. It was, however, entirely re-established.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 31, 1864 - 1.30 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS:

In reference to the engagement on the Boydton plank road it is not true that the enemy had at any time six of our guns in their possession. They ran over a section of two guns at the first onset, but it was immediately recaptured. No wagons were left on the field by my command, thought we took away some captured from the enemy. About 1,000 prisoners were captured from the enemy and a number of flags; number not yet ascertained. One gun, a 10-pounder Parrott, was captured at the bridge, drawn off some distance, and the gun carriage disabled. This gun would have been brought off had the proper notification of its capture been given. The infantry assault of the enemy was completely broken, and they were driven into the woods in great disorder. A battery they brought out unlimbered, but before opening fire limbered up and retired. The infantry was apparently thrown into such confusion by the attack made on its flank that it was unable to reform. The enemy was present in force. The following organizations were represented in the present in force. The following organizations were represented in the prisoners captured: Three brigades of Mahone's division, one of Heth's, and five brigades of Hampton's cavalry. Every wounded man for whom we could provide transportation was brought off. The rest were collected, as far as practicable in the darkness of the night and put in the houses near the field, under charge of surgeons detailed for this purpose. I regretted the necessity of this, but in order that I should effect my withdrawal as ordered that night I could not have ambulances brought up. I had but a narrow wood road, and kept this open for my artillery and troops. I commenced moving about 10 p. m.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding Second Army Corps.

