HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 31, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Prisoners captured on the 27th are from Weisiger's, Harris', and Sanders' brigades, of Mahone's division; Kirkland's brigade, of Heth's division, and Butler's, Young's, Barringer's, Dearing's, and Chambliss' (old) brigades of cavalry.

JOHN MCENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

October 31, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Five hundred and thirty prisoners form Second Corps, forwarded to Yellow Tavern on 28th instant, represented all regiments of Weisiger's brigade and part of Harris' brigade, of Mahone's division; also all of Kirkland's old, now MacRae's, brigade, of Heth's division. One hundred and forty-eight from the Fifth Corps represented all of Weisiger's brigade and part of Harris' brigade, of Mahone's division; also part of MacRae's brigade, of Heth's division. Prisoners from the cavalry, including dismounted cavalry, represented Davis' and Dearing's brigades, of W. H. F. Lee's division, also Dunovant's and Young's brigades, of Butler's division. Scattering prisoners received since the 28th instant do not represent any other brigades, save those coming from elsewhere.

Respectfully,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 31, 1864.

General HANCOCK:

I have had the regiments and batteries send in their claims to have names of battles inscribed on their flags, and find eighty-six are claimed since the war. I have submitted these to a board of three officers, as directed by General Meade's order, and the board has first to settle what battles are worthy of being so commemorated, and to name them properly. As this is a matter in which your corps is also concerned, and I suppose that under the same order you have also appointed a board for your corps, I would suggest that the boards from the Second, Ninth, and Fifth Corps meet at come common point, if it meets your views, to settle upon some general uniform principles, and confer with each other. The board in my corps is Brigadier-General Baxter, Third Division; Brevet Brigadier-General Wainwright, chief of artillery; Brevet Brigadier-General Winthrop, Second Division, and Colonel Throop, First Division, as recorder.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

(Same to Major-General Parke.)

29 R R - VOL XLII, PT III

