HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 2, 1864-8.15 p. m.

(Sent 8.30 p. m.)

Major-General PARKE,Commanding Ninth Corps:

Will you send a brief memorandum of what you have done to-day, with losses incurred and names of officers killed and wounded.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, October 2, 1864-10.15 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

This morning General Mott's division moved out on the Squirrel Level road, and after taking position on the left of the Ninth Corps the whole left of our line, which had been repaired during the night previous, was advanced, and with it the left of the Fifth Corps. The movement resulted in our reoccupying the Pegram house and extending our left to the westward from that point. The only opposition met was a skirmish [line] of the enemy until our extreme left, Mott's division, came upon a battery in position. By my direction, General Mott deployed a brigade to develop the position and force of the enemy. It was found they had four guns in position, supported by infantry. This was accompanied by a slight loss on our part. The detailed report of losses has not yet been received. In the advance of General Mott in the morning be found line of the enemy's rifle-pits extending off to the westward of Peebles' as far as the cross-roads at J. Smith's, where the enemy had a strong redoubt surrounded by heavy slashing. In the afternoon we again retired, our left taking up the line from Pegram's, south of the Squirrel Level road.

JNumbers G. PARKE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, October 2, 1864-6.30 a. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I directed General Willcox and Potter to be ready to move at 7 o'clock; also General Mott. General Mott is now here, and I am momentarily expecting Willcox and Potter. I will throw these divisions around to the right, and Mott will pass to our left and connect with Willcox. As soon as these officers arrive I will go to your headquarters. Gregg reports that Hampton is in front of him with four brigades, and he expected to be attacked this morning. General Meade directs that I send him a brigade if he calls on me for support.

Yours,

JNumbers G. PARKE.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, October 2, 1864.

General PARKE:

I find in our advance to-day General Griffin obliqued so much to the left that you will have to relieve his left brigade to enable him to con-

