HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 31, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM WILSON, Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say that the troops of the First Brigade will be relieved from the picket-line and inclosed works by the troops of the Second Division. As they are relieved from the line, they will be conducted by a staff officer on the road entering the woods near the Deserted House (corps headquarters), and the staff officer will report at these headquarters, where he will he instructed where the troops will encamp. The commanding officer of Company L, Fourth New York Artillery, on being relieved from the works at the Dunn house, will report with his company to Major Hazard, commanding Artillery Brigade, Second Army Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 31, 1864.

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that Fort Sedgwick is garrisoned by the Ninety-ninth and One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania, and Eighty-sixth and Seventy-third New York Volunteers, numbering in all 830 enlisted men, Colonel E. R. Biles, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding; Fort Rice is garrisoned by the Seventeenth Maine Volunteers, 269 enlisted men, Colonel George W. West, commanding; Battery 24, by the One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, 150 enlisted men, Lieutenant-Colonel Tyler, commanding; Fort Alexander hays, by the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, 300 enlisted men, major Shatswell, commanding; Fort davis, by the Fifth Michigan, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and First U. S. Sharpshooters, numbering in all 550 enlisted men, Colonel John Pulford, fifth Michigan Volunteers, commanding; Fort Morton, by the Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, 400 enlisted men, Lieutenant-Colonel Schoonover, commanding; fort Meikel, by the Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, numbering in all 150 enlisted men, Captain Morrow, commanding.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 31, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that all was quiet in my front yesterday. Last night about 9.30 o'clock heavy firing was heard, both musketry and artillery, to the right of Battery 24. The enemy advance their skirmish line, driving in the Second Corps picket. All quiet in my own front.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.

