
supports. The engineers are erecting a mortar battery on the river, some 200 yards above; a good place. Shall try the new shell to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.
HDQRS. LIGHT ARTILLERY Brigadier, TENTH ARMY CORPS,October 31, 1864.

Lieutenant R. TULLY,

Commanding Battery D, First U. S. Artillery, Camp Holly:

SIR: As son as Captain Ashby's 20-pounders guns take position in the redoubt at Camp Holly you will return with your battery to camp.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Tenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., October 31, 1864.

Lieutenant WILLIAM P. SHREVE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

SIR: I desire to call the attention of the major-general commanding to the fact that during the recent movement the Two hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers was ordered to report to me to take the place of some of my troops in the trenches. Presuming that it is not permanently assigned to this division, I would suggest that as my troops have returned to their camps, there seem s to be no further need of the regiment remaining in its present position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. BIRNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., October 31, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Va. and N. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request that an order he issued from department headquarters ordering the Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, now serving in the Third Brigade, Second Division, of this corps, to relieve the Two hundredth and Two hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and the two last regiments be ordered to report to me. The Second Pennsylvania is a larger regiment in point of numbers than the two I ask for. It was raised for garrison duty, and if the Bermuda line is to be held, should properly be there. It having so few officers and being so large is very unwieldy for field service. In conversation with the general commanding department the other day, he consented to the change.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

