
nect with General Ayres. This is of necessity. I shall come out along the line in the morning to correct errors and will, of course, come to see you. Show this to General Griffin.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, October 2, 1864.

Major-General MOTT, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding instructs me to say to you that he desires you to see that your troops keep a sharp lookout on the enemy, and that they are up and under arms by daylight in the morning. He request also that you keep your picket-line well connected with the division on your right. General Gregg has just reported that he has two regiments of cavalry on our left, and the general commanding desires you to ascertain their whereabouts and keep up connection between your pickets and the reserve cavalry pickets. The slashing in your front is to be continued. Lieutenant Remington is here, and will furnish any tools you may want.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,JNumbers C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, October 2, 1864.

Brigadier General O. B. WILLCOX,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding instructs me to say to you that he desires you to keep a sharp lookout on the enemy and to see that your troops are up and under arms by daylight in the morning. He requests also that you keep your picket-line well connected with the divisions on your right and left and properly located. The slashing on your front is to be continued.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigade commanders will see that the picket-line in their front is well established, and that they connect on the right and left. The utmost vigilance is enjoined. Lieutenant Holway will furnish all the tools required to continue the slashing, &c.

By command of Brigadier-General Willcox:

JNumbers D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, Aiken's House, Va., October 2, 1864.

Major BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Major-General Meade, on his way up, informed me that the right of my line had been driven in and part of it captured, and expressed his

