
surprise that I had not received the information. I have just received the following report from my brigade commander:

I have the honor to say that there was considerable firing just at daylight, and one post on the picket-line came in, but was immediately replaced by the officer in charge of that part of the line. No men were captured, and all is now quiet.

C. S. RUSSELL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

The general must have been misinformed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. FERRERO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, October 2, 1864-2 a. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say to you that he has received instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac to send you a brigade if you should call on him for support, and that he is prepared to do so if it becomes, in your judgment, necessary.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, October 2, 1864-11.10 [a. m.].

General GREGG:

I would like you to post a force at or near Miss Pegram's, and to increase the cavalry force now on our left, to protect the left and rear of General Mott's division.

Yours, &amp;c.,JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, October 2, 1864-8.30 p. m.

General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I have just received your dispatch of this p. m. Am sorry I did not see you this evening, but I presume you got all the information as to the state of things from General Meade, and am glad to hear you have made your dispositions accordingly. When you went out on the Squirrel Level road you passed the left of our position of last evening. This is the left of our present line. Am sorry to trouble you too much, but I would be glad to see you to-morrow at your convenience.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

