
II. The One hundred and eighty-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers having reported at these headquarters in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 294, from headquarters Army of the Potomac, is assigned to the First Division and will report to Brigadier-General Griffin, commanding.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 5TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 20. November 1, 1864.

The regiment of regulars serving in this division having been ordered to duty elsewhere, the general commanding bids them an affectionate farewell. On this, the eve of their departure, he asks them to turn back with him in thoughts to the Graves of their heroic comrades who have fallen in battle during the recent campaign, marked with struggles whose gigantic proportions are without parallel in the world's history, and together on those sacred spots renew their devotion to the flag which they have so proudly borne on many fields.

By command of Brigadier-General Ayres:

C. E. LA MOTTE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,November 1, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing unusual transpired along our line during the past twenty-four hours. Three deserters from the Eighteenth North Carolina came in this morning; do not know of any movement of troops.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Poplar Spring Church, Va., November 1, 1864.

Major P. M. LYDIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The loss of colors in my division on the 30th of September was as follows: Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers (of the First Brigade), one color each (National); the Ninth New Hampshire Volunteers (Second Brigade) one State color. the three first-named regiments were captured almost entire. The Fifty-first New York Volunteers lost 9 officers and over 300 men. One officer and about a dozen men succeeded in escaping from their guards after dark, whilst being taken to the rear. These,as well as a wounded officer of the regiment paroled, and now at Annapolis, Md., report, that on finding themselves cut off they destroyed their colors before surrendering,

