
rending them into fragments, which the men secreted. The Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers lost 8 officer and 170 enlisted men out of about 200. The colors of this regiment were also torn from the staff and destroyed. Those two veteran regiments, the Forty-fifth Pennsylvania, as you are well aware, sustain as high a reputation as any organizations in this corps for uniform valor and good conduct. The Fifty-eighth Massachusetts (not a fully organized regiment) joined the division a day or two before crossing the Rapidan; has lost very heavily and shown great bravery. On the 30th they had but about 100 muskets and lost 9 officers and 83 men. these regiments were lost by holding on too long to their positions; the order for their withdrawal could not be got to them in season. It is not known how the State color of the Ninth New Hampshire Volunteers was lost. It was brought off in safety with what remained of the regiment beyond the point where the enemy's advance was checked. On arriving at the Pegram house, where I reformed and held my line, the color-bearer and color were missing. They must have fallen in the small open field in front of the Pegram house, and on the enemy's advance tot hat point after our withdrawal next morning fell into their hands. I understand that an effort was made to find them, but the darkness probably prevented its success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 116. November 1, 1864.

1. Brigadier General H. E. Davies, commanding First Brigade, will detail from his brigade one company of fifty privates with the proper number of non-commissioned officers and at least one commissioned officer, for the escort of the major-general commanding Second Army Corps. One entire company will be detailed and the additional men required will be selected from another company, so that the smallest number of organizations will be represented in the detail. The detail will report at these headquarters to-morrow at 11 a. m. for inspection.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Brigadier General D. McM. Gregg:

A. H. BIBBER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 1, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Fort Monroe:

I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that arrangements have been made to provide the Surgeon-General with other steamers in place of the Atlantic and Baltic, which last named transports may therefore be applied to the purpose for which you designed them.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

