
left of Crawford, Mahone's division made a dash upon our line, and for a few moments created some confusion. Gibbon, however, soon reformed, and again forced back the adventurous Mahone in much the same style in which he had advanced, and in so doing was materially aided by the gallant Crawford and a portion of Gregg's cavalry, which, being on the extreme left, came promptly to the rescue. Our line being again advanced to its former and intended position, just before dark Colonel Denison, with the Second Brigade of Ayres' division, was pushed forward to fill the gap between Crawford and the Second Corps.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, Deserted House, before Petersburg, Va.,

Numbers 276. November 2, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

6. In accordance with authority received from headquarters Army of the Potomac, Special Orders, Numbers 165, paragraph 1, from these headquarters, directing the consolidation of the Second and Third Brigades, of the First Division, Second Army Corps, is hereby rescinded, and these brigades will be at once reorganized, under the direction of the division commander, as follows: The Sixty-third, Sixty-ninth, and Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, is assigned to the command of this brigade. The Seventh, Thirty-ninth, Fifty-second, Fifty-seventh, One hundred and eleventh, One hundred and twenty-fifth, and One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Volunteers will form the Third Brigade. Bvt. Brigadier General George N. Macy is assigned to the command of this brigade.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major-General Hancock:

SEPTEMBER CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 2, 1864.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

MAJOR: In compliance with communications of this date I have the honor to forward the following statement of the disposition of the forces of this division: The inclosed works are garrisoned by regiments of the Third Brigade, as follows: Fort Stedman, One hundred and eleventh New York, 430 muskets, and 200 muskets from the Seventh New York Infantry, under Major corning, One hundred and eleventh New York; Fort Blaisdell, Fifty-second New York Volunteers, 86 muskets, and 70 muskets from Seventh New York Infantry, capt. George Degener, Fifty-second New York; Fort Patrick Kelly, One hundred and twenty-fifth New York, 100 muskets, and One hundred and twenty-sixth New York, 57 muskets, under Captain J. B. Geddis, One hundred and twenty-sixth New York; Fort Bross, Thirty-ninth New York, 174 muskets, and Fifty-seventh New York, 43 muskets, and

