
WASHINGTON, November 2, 1864 - 1 p. m.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I am here in obedience to your orders. Am ordered to report in New York to General Dix. From the state of things, as I can learn them, we should have at least 5,000 good troops and at least two batteries of Napoleons. There is necessity for haste in getting them off. They can easily be spared from the Tenth and Eighteenth Corps. A show of force may prevent trouble. I have directed the quartermaster at Fort Monroe to have ready all transportation there, making use of that provided for Colonel Mulford, except the Atlantic and baltic. I would desire that the particular brigades or regiments to be sent should be left to the selection of Generals Terry and Weitzel. They will have amply enough to hold their lines after reliable troops are sent to me. Shall leave to-night for New York, Fifth Avenue Hotel.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 2, 1864 - 5 p. m.

Major-General TERRY:

Send a good large brigade of infantry, with two batteries of Napoleon guns, to report to General Butler, at New York, at once. If you have Western troops they will be preferable. Answer what troops you send.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FORT BRADY, VA., November 2, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

COLONEL: Have the honor to report that the enemy have not been very annoying to-day. Sent two Coehorn shell inside the fort; no one hurt. Has been so rainy and disagreeable to-day that concluded not to try the new shell.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 2, 1864.

Major-General TERRY,

Headquarters Tenth Army Corps,

Near Varina, VA., in the Field, near Richmond:

You will be ordered to send troops to me at New York. Select those which are reliable. Confer with Weitzel. It may be necessary to make composite brigades. Great activity in getting them off will be required. They are to be going to Wilmington.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

