
U. S. Colored Troops, One hundred and twenty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops. The First Brigade will be commanded by the ranking officer. The Second Brigade will be commanded by Colonel Elias Wright, Tenth U. S. Colored Troops.

2. Lieutenant Colonel Henry C. Ward, Twenty-ninth Connecticut Colored Volunteers, is hereby appointed to the command of the Ninth U. S. Colored Troops. He will report for duty to Colonel James Shaw, jr., commanding the First Brigade.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier General William Birney:

JOHN E. STEWART,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, November 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General DEVENS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send 700 men properly officered, armed, and equipped, and of the character talked of in your conversation with the general commanding this evening, to Deep Bottom, reporting on their arrival there to General Hawley, at Colonel Rand's headquarters. This force will be withdrawn from its present position as quietly and quickly as possible, as they are from its present position as quietly and quickly as possible, as they are expected to embark to-morrow at 5 o'clock. One of your staff officers will accompany them to Deep Bottom, who will report for instructions at these headquarters at once.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. D. WHEELER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Heckman, calling for 800 men.)

CITY POINT, VA., November 3, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

The troops sent to New York have been selected by Generals Terry and Weitzel, and they say they have taken the most reliable men of their corps. There are several New York regiments among those going, a thing I wished to avoid, but I suppose they had to be selected to fulfill the other conditions of their orders. Lack of transportation here will delay their reaching New York as soon as I would have liked, but to prevent any further delay than can be avoided I have ordered the troops as far as Fortress Monroe on the river transportation to meet the ocean steamers there, and avoid the necessity of the latter running to this place.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

