
[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 8, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 30, 1864.

The PRESIDENT,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The bearer, of the Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, had a case to present to the Department in which gross injustice has been done, through entire misapprehension, to the regiment to which it belongs. The regiment has been disgraced and refused permission to regiment were lost. The entire regiment was captured, except about thirty men, after behaving gallantly. the brave men belonging to the regiment are disgraced by the order, and a majority of the men are now starving in Richmond. The bearer is a gallant and very intelligent young man, and desires that some act should be done by the government to relieve the regiment of this undeserved disgrace.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. RANDALL.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 30, 1864.

We, the Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, now in Richmond, claim that the order issued from headquarters Army of the Potomac, with reference to loss of colors in battle, is unjust, as far as we are concerned, for the following reasons: With the exception of ten or twelve stragglers and one officer, we were all captured while defending those colors. We had about 150 men in the fight at Reams' Station, August 25, of whom about 125 were taken. About half of the rest were killed and wounded, and the rest got away. These, together with some twenty-five detailed men and some convalescents returned from hospital a day or two after the fight from what is now known by our name as a regiment, which they have no right to, as the regiment is starving in Richmond. No majority returned from the field of battle without colors; only about one-fourteenth part returned.

Respectfully submitted.

GEORGE E. ALBEE,

Second Lieutenant Company F, Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Vols.

[First indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 30, 1864.

I think the bearer of this, Second Lieutenant Albee, deserves a hearing. Will the Secretary of War please accord it to him.

A. LINCOLN.

