HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 1, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Deep Bottom:

I send two dispatches,* just received, for your information. I have no doubt Wilcox and Heth are in front of Warren and Parke, and that part, if not all, of Mahone's, will be there to-day. As soon as Mott gets up we will try them again.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

JUNCTION VARINA AND NEW MARKET [ROADS], October 1, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Prisoners have been captured here from Heth's division. General Butler is of the opinion that it has gone back, however. You may now correct and strengthen your line and advance no farther unless a very favorable chance presents itself. A reconnaissance of two brigades of infantry and Kautz's cavalry now out on the Central road and probably at this time within five miles of Richmond.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Globe Tavern, October 1, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Deep Bottom or City Point:

Ayres, this morning at 8 a. m., repulsed the attack made by the enemy. Since then Crawford's pickets, on the Weldon railroad, have been felt and the signal officer has seen the enemy filing into their works across and to the right of this road. Prisoners and deserters report positively Wilcox, Heth, and part of Mahone as present; also bodies of dismounted cavalry, Dearing's brigade, and perhaps other portions of Hampton's command. Gregg, who was ordered up to Warren's left, on withdrawing, was attacked. He repulsed the attack, and is now ordered to fight their cavalry as long as they show fight, and then to join us or send such parts as he can spare. One of the prisoners told me he had seen a column of Ninth Corps men going into Petersburg, said to be 700 in number, and I fear from what I hear it is true. They were taken when Potter was driven back. Mott's division is now arriving by rail and going forward. I shall see Warren and Parke and then determine what I will do, being most desirous to attack unless I should not deem it judicious to do so. It is raining hard and roads east of Weldon railroad getting bad.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Crawford to Humphreys, 9.25 a. m., p. 22, and Babcock to Humphreys, beginning-One lieutenant, &amp;c., p. 9.

---------------

