HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,November 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Under existing orders from the headquarters Army of the Potomac, the troops comprising the old First corps were allowed to retain their flags and badges. That organization has been consolidated into the Third Division, Fifth Corps, and the confusion that exists in regard to the present insignia induces me to ask some modification of the order. The different regiments claim the right to wear their old insignia, under the orders of the major-general commanding this army, and the brigade commanders to carry their flags. I believe that it would be injurious to deprive them of this right, but I would urge that something indicative of the organization of which they now form the whole should be ordered. The First Brigade of this division carries the red disc upon its flag; the men wear the same as their badge. The Second Brigade wear the white disc with the Maltese cross quartered upon it; their flank is the same. The Third Brigade carries the same flag as the First, with the blue cross quartering. I would respectfully recommend that the discs of the old Firs Corps be retained, and that the quartering of the blue cross be authorized as meeting all the indications in the case, or that the badge of the old First Corps be worn on the outer side of the arm, above the elbow, and the blue cross on the that.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,November 4, 1864.

I approve the suggestions of General Crawford. In addition to the confusion spoken of within, the men of Stone's brigade who served with Griffin wear the red cross, and those of Hofmann's that served with Ayres wear a white one, so that in General Crawford's division now can be found all the corps. I further remark that the object of these badges was to prevent straggling, by designating where those who attempted it belonged, and were not marks of honor, and as such cannot properly be worn at all. I think it would be well to publish a general order, stating this fact and forbidding the wearing of them anywhere except on the hat, as orders require. I think officers should not wear them on their breasts, as is now the custom. A badge or medal is no mark of honor, unless it is conferred by proper authority in commendation of worthy deeds. It is not only bad taste, but it does away with all the charm belonging to marks of honor for men to assume them on their own volition.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 3, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER,

New York City:

Troops were ordered from he promptly. Thirty-one hundred infantry went from the Tenth and Eighteenth Corps, selected by the corps

