
commanders for their reliability, and two batteries as you requested. The brigade of regulars had been previously ordered from the Army of the Potomac. Want of ocean transports has delayed the shipment of these troops, but the advance of them must reach you to morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,November 3, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I send from the Tenth Corps the following-named regiments: Sixth, Seventh, and Tenth Connecticut Volunteers, Third and Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, Eleventh Maine Volunteers, Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers, One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers. These are the most trustworthy regiments of the corps. From the Eighteenth Corps will go: Ninety-second, Ninety-sixth, One hundred and eighteenth, Eighty-first, Ninety-eighth, and One hundred and forty-eighth New York Volunteers, Ninth Vermont Volunteers. These regiments have been carefully selected by General Weitzel. The batteries are: Battery M, First U. S. Artillery, Fourth New Jersey Battery. Brigadier General J. R. Hawley goes in command of the whole force. The infantry will number a little over 3,000 men.

Very respectfully,

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

November 3, 1864-10 a. m. (Received 1.35 p. m.)

General BUTLER,

Washington:

Every effort has been made to carry out your orders; the best troops have been selected and are waiting at the landing ready to embark. Colonel Dodge has, I think, done everything in his power to get transportation as yet without success. There is none here, but he hopes to get it from Fort Monroe.

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 3, 1864.

Colonel 	DODGE,

Quartermaster:

All available boats in the harbor will report to you in an hour. On these you will at once embark the infantry ordered east, and send it to Fortress Monroe, where it will be transferred to sea-going vessels that are expected to be waiting there. No vessels have yet been provided for the artillery, but every effort is being made to procure them. Get the infantry off with all possible dispatch.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

