SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Numbers 119. City Point, Va., November 4, 1864.

* * * *

II. The chief engineers of the Army of the Potomac and of the Department of Virginia and North Carolina will hereafter forward to Bvt. Major General J. G. Barnard chief engineer of the armies operating against richmond, at these headquarters, on the last day of each week a report of the engineering operations during the week, in their respective armies. Maps and plans of all works constructed under their supervision will also be forwarded as soon as they can be prepared. The general commanding the Engineer Brigade and the chief engineers of the several armies operating against Richmond will render to the chief month of engineer materials received, on hand, and expended, and how applied for the preceding month; also, monthly statements of engineer troops, showing their assignment and duties. All requisitions on the Engineer department at Washington for engineering materials, and all reports and communications to same, will be sent through the chief engineer at these headquarters unless in cases requiring great dispatch when duplicates of such reports or communications will be forwarded, as above directed. This order supersedes paragraph I of Special Orders, Numbers 91, of date September 12, from these headquarters.*

* * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,November 4, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The signal officer with the Fifth Corps reports at 9.15 a. m. a column of the enemy's infantry seen from the Church road station moving westward on the boydton plank road. It was ten minutes in passing a point a short distance west of the toll-gate. The other report no changes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 4, 1864.

Major FISHER:

Carothers reports, at 2.30 p. m., three pieces of artillery and caissons moved into fort in vicinity of lead-works. Jordan reports enemy's parties at work on lines to our left of Cemetery Hill. Enemy fired shell and solid shot at

-----

house; shot fell in yard.

TOWN.

---------------

*See Part II, p. 795.

---------------

