
AVERY'S HOUSE, November 4, 1864.

Major FISHER:

A large working party of the enemy is throwing up works in rear of first line and to the left of school-house; also a new embrasure has appeared in a work in rear of working party.

JANSEN,

Sergeant.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,November 4, 1864.

Major FISHER:

The following is respectfully forwarded. Nothing further new to-day:

CHURCH ROAD SIGNAL STATION - 5 P. M.

The fort near the Boissean property has nearly all leveled down and there is apparently a heavy breast-work thrown up a few yards in rear of the position it occupied. Several small squads of the enemy's infantry have been noticed drilling without arms. At 4 p. m. two pieces of artillery and three caissons passed large fort near lead-works, moving westward on Boydton plank road.

SLEEPER,

Sergeant.

CHARLES L. DAVIS,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

November 4, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Deserter from Twenty-sixth North Carolina, MacRae's brigade,came in this a. m. and locates his brigade in the same position that it held previous to the late movement, viz, just in rear of the Hart house. Cannot locate any other brigades, but is certain his brigade is back in same position. Only about fifty conscripts have been received within the last two month in Macrae's brigade. Two deserters from the Forty-eighth Mississippi, Harris' brigade, came into General Mott's front last night; are recent conscripts and have no information. Brigade lying to left of Wilcox' old and across the Jerusalem plank road. but few conscripts in Harri's Brigade. A deserter from the Sixtieth Alabama, gracie's brigade, also one from the Forty-ninth North Carolina, Ransom's brigade, came into General Egan's front last evening. Ransom is on extreme left, gracie next, and Evans about equidistant on both sides of the Burnside mine.

No conscripts have been received in Gracie's and very few in Ransom's brigade. Two mechanics from the Petersburg and Richmond Railroad shops came into our lines from Petersburg last evening. One of them left richmond yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock on the mail train; the other left Petersburg. From them we learn that four trains a day are run on the Petersburg and Richmond Railroad, carrying passengers and freight. No troops have been moved over the road for along time, except conscripts and hospital men. They make strong statements of the extent of the conscription, and think Lee will be able to bring as many men into the field as had a year ago. Nearly all

