
the conscripts are sent to Chaffin's farm; only very few to Petersburg. The Danville road and south Side Railroad are in constant operation. No movements of troops or information of particular importance is learned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 40. November 4, 1864.

The major-general commanding desires to express his gratification at the conduct of Mott's and Egan's divisions, as well as the artillery of the command and General Gregg's cavalry, in the action of the 27th ultimo, on the Boydton plank road. Newspaper correspondents who were not on the field have misrepresented the affair, speaking of it as a disaster, giving those troops less credit than is accorded them by our enemies. In this action the major-general commanding was pleased with the bearing of troops, particularly with that of regiments whose conduct was open to censure on a previous occasion. While in pursuit of a definite object, and one distinct from the operations of other parts of the army, the command was attacked on its flank boa large force of the enemy's infantry, and in rear by five brigades of cavalry. The flank attack was speedily repulsed and resulted disastrously to the enemy, who lost nearly a thousand prisoners, several colors, and one gun. The assault in the rear was met by the gallant cavalry under General Gregg, and repulsed. The enemy expected much from this attack and gained nothing. The troops under General Miles forming a part of the force holding the entrenchments at Petersburgh are also entitled to great commendation for their services while detached.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

SEPTEMBER CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Deserted House, Before Petersburg, Va.,

Numbers 278.

1. So much of paragraph 6, Special Orders Numbers 276, current series, from these headquarters, as assigns Bvt. Brigadier General George N. Macy to the command of the Third Brigade, First Division, is hereby rescinded

* * * *

By order of Major-General Hancock:

SEPTEMBER CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 4, 1864.

Major SEPTUMS CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, under cover of darkness, the enemy have erected chevaux-de-frise in front of that part of their picket-line opposite Battery 9. With this exception nothing else of any importance has occurred on the line during the past twenty-four hours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. HAZARD,

Major, Commanding.

