SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 3rd DIV., SECOND CORPS,Numbers 100. November 4, 1864.

The following disposition will be made of the troops of this brigade upon the receipt of the present order this night: The Twentieth Indiana Volunteers will occupy the breast-works from Battery 22 on the left, connecting with the Second U. S. Sharpshooters on the right near the two-gun battery; the Second u. S. Sharpshooters will occupy the works around the two-gun battery and to the left of it; the First Maine Heavy Artillery will occupy the breast-works and covered way on the right of the Second U. S. Sharpshooters; the One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Volunteers will occupy the curtain on the left of Fort Rice; the Fortieth New York Volunteers will be formed on the curtain on the left of Fort Rice; the Fortieth New York Volunteers will be formed on the road on the right of their present camp (leading to the front). All available men will be placed in the placed in the ranks, leaving only a small camp guard in each regiment camp. The men will keep their equipments, &amp;c, on during the night, lying down near their arms, till one hour before daybreak, when the entire command wile placed under arms. Regimental commander will be held strictly responsible that every man is at his post one hour before daybreak and remain so till further orders.

By command of Brigadier General R. de Trobriand:

J. M. LINNARD,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,November 4, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing transpired in my front yesterday or during the night. Three deserters from Twelfth Virginia and two from Thirty-third North Carolina were received and forwarded; also one newsboy, who came into our lines to sell papers.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 273. November 4, 1864.

I. The picket-line west of the Weldon railroad will, until further orders,be picketed as follows: Brigadier-General Ayres will picket from the Weldon railroad one-half the line running westward from that point. The remaining half of the line will be picketed by General Griffin. The tour of duty will be three days; and a field officer of outposts will be detailed in each division.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

