
have already received a complaint of failure in the supply of ammunition of a battery, resulting from its remove. If General Butler is absent of would request that the matter be brought before the actual commander. I cannot regulate the Siege artillery over a front of fifteen miles without a telegraph, and cannot consent to be held responsible for so doing without one.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

FORT BRADY, VA., November 4, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the enemy fired much more rapidly at the canal this forenoon than usual, taking advantage of our not paying any attention to them, being busy laying a platform for the gun in the ditch. The recent rain rendered the ground so soft that it was impossible to use the piece with accuracy. As soon as we opened in the afternoon they became very quiet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., November 4, 1864.

Brigadier General A. AMES,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Terry having, in pursuance of instructions from Major-General Butler, assumed temporary command of the Army of the James, he directs that you assume command of the Tenth Army Corps. You will also assume command of the line of redoubts and interior from Four-Mile Church to the James River, including Deep Bottom.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. SHEREVE,

First Lieutenant, Second U. S. Sharpshooters, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,November 4, 1864.

General A. AMES:

General Terry directs me to send the accompanying telegram and to request you to have the corps under arms from reveille until after day-light. Not knowing that it will meet your approve. I have not sent me by bearer, or if you desire to notify them yourself, the orderly can at your disposal.

Very respectfully,

WM. P. SHREVE,

Acting Assistant-General.

33 R R-VOL XLII, PT III.

