
One hundred and twenty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops, Shall have been relieved be troops from the First Brigade, you will them to march to the front and encamp within the limits of your brigade. Please report to these headquarters as soon as this disposition is made, and also what detachments, if any, of the One hundred and twenty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops remain absent at the time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. WEST,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,November 4, 1864.

Major-General TERRY:

General Jourdan, commanding Fort Burnham, has this moment reported that the thinks the enemy has mined under his work. He thinks that they have run their mine under the line of their abandoned works, westward of the work. I don't believe it, but have sent my chief engineer to sink one or two overcharged mines by morning, and have given the proper instructions to General Jordan, if they should explode the mine. If they don't explode it in the morning, I will have the mine destroyed if I get the powder before to-morrow night.

G. WIEZEL,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,November 4, 1864.

Major-General WEITZEL:

I ought to have informed you that the regiments which have returned will not be needed. The strength of the regiments which have gone, both from your corps and mine, is beyond what was estimated. The 3,000 men have already been sent.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,November 4, 1864.

Captain D. D. WHEELER, Asst. Adjt. General, Eighteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you that Major Pierce, in command of the Ninety-sixth and One hundred and eighteenth {New York] Volunteers, has reported to me in accordance with orders from commanding officer Provisional Division, Army of the James. These two regiments were a part of the force sent from this divison on the morning of the 3rd instant, under Lieutenant-Colonel Raulston, to report at Deep Bottom to Brigadier-General Hawley. The major informs me that there was no transportation in readiness for his command. I have ordered them to go into camp in reserve with three day's cooked rations on hand in case they may be needed.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES DEVENS,

Brigadier-General.

