
CITY POINT, November 5, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

At the time General Butler called for 3,000 infantry and two batteries additional to what had already been sent, there was great scarcity of sean-going transportation. The troops, however, were all sent as fast as possible to Fortress Monroe to be transferred to sea vessels as fast as they arrived. The very rough weather of the past few days has produced some delay, but I understand the last of the infantry left Fortress Monroe at 2. a. m. to-day. Owing to the rough sea the vessels having on board the artillery were being detained to build stalls for the horses. As soon as I learned this I ordered them to sea at once, and leave their horses behind. This may make it necessary for General Butler to press into service for a few days such horses as he may require.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, November 5, 1864.

General MEADE:

In view of the fact that the elections are to be held in the armies on Tuesday next, the enemy may make an attack, expecting to find us unprepared, and to prevent as far as possible the holding of elections. Every precaution should be taken to have all troops so in hand that they can be used if required.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Same to General Terry.)

CITY POINT, VA., November 5, 1864.-1.15, p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel O. E. BABCOCK, Fort Montoe:

Dispatch received. The artillery must go at once and cannot wait to have stalls put in the vessels. If it is unsafe to carry the horses without, debark them and send the men and guns, leaving the horses at Fort Monroe or Portsmouth.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

November 5, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following communication received from City Point:

Communication received from Richmond last night to the effect that conscripts are arriving very fast. People in Richmond last night to the effect that conscripts are arriving very fast. People in Richmond are jubilant over the jubilant over the victories of last Friday to prisoners. Two boys, whom General Lee has trained as spies, are traveling through our army in the guise of newsboys. Their father has a position on General Lee's staff in acknowledgement of their services. Enemy's line extends as far north as Seven Pines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BACOCK.

