
And, in addition to the above, I understand from General Patrick to-day that it was proposed to him to furnish details of engineer troops, a battalion or some hundreds at least, to aid him in the performance of his duties. In view of all these circumstances, which I deem it my duty to lay before the commanding general, I would respectfully, ask which, if any, of these duties he would wish to have dispensed with or which should take precedence. I would, however, respectfully submit that with the other duties previously ordered I do not see how the force now under my command can do anything effectively toward the construction of the work between Old Curt-House and Prince George Court-House.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 5, 1864. (Received 10 a. m.)

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There has been no change in my lines since last report.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

November 5, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

I send you copy of communication from the Secret Service Department. The statement is substantially repeated from several sources, and as there may be something in it, the commanding general suggests whether it would not be better to dispose the reserve division so that the entrenchments could be rapidly re-enforced at all points. Very small garrisons might be left in the rear line of works, merely enough to keep them in order and small parties of the enemy out. He would propose, then, that a brigade should be established in rear of Fort Stedman, two brigades these to furnish the small garrisons for the forts in rear line), and one brigade in rear of Fort Davis.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL.

November 5, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: R. A. Johnson, refugee from Richmond, came into General Parke's lines this a. m. He left Richmond last Tuesday; came to Petersburg, and left there last night. His information amounts to the following: General early is being court-martialed in Richmond for unknown charges concerning the late Valley fights. General Johnson

