
CITY POINT, November 6, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

By General Hancock's report of last night's attack, am I to under stand that the enemy carried 100 yards of the main line held by Mott's division and all the pickets of twenty posts, or only 100 yards of the picket-line itself and about twenty pickets? I would also inquire whether the officer and forty men left in our hands were the killed and wounded, or if they are prisoners of war exclusive of war exclusive of the enemy's loss in killed and wounded.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant- General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 6, 1864-11 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

In reply to your dispatch I forward Hancock's report. I understand the enemy took 100 yards of Mott's picket-line, capturing twenty men; that Mott recapturing twenty men; that Mott recaptured the picket-line, killing and wounding a number of the enemy and capturing one officer and forty men, exclusive of the killed and wounded. Hancock, as soon as fully advised, will make a more detailed report.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 6, 1864.

General WILLIAMS:

The enemy attacked my picket-line about 11 p. m. at least two points, capturing seven ion eight posts from General Gibbon and fifteen or twenty men, and about 100 yards of Mott['s line in front of Fort Morton. I am not able to give very authentic report of the matter, as I have not received any full reports. I forward, however, about forty men and one officer from the Holcombe Legion, who state that they were in the party that attacked Mott and held his line until an hour before daylight, when the line was retaken with considerable loss to the enemy in killed and wounded.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, November 6, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

I think it will be advisable to have General Gregg make a pretty strong reconnaissance to-morrow well down the railroad to ascertain if any movement toward our rear is in contemplation. I feel pretty confident an effort will be made at some point Monday night or Tuesday.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

34 R R-VOL XLII, PT III

