HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 6, 1864-6.15 p. m. (Sent 6.30 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatch received, and orders in accordance therewith sent do General Gregg.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

November 6, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following deserters received last evening and this a. m.: One from Forty-eighth Mississippi, Harris brigade, Mahone's division, states that his brigade is lying to the enemy's left of the Jerusalem plank road, adjoining Finega's on the right the plank road dividing the two brigades. All of Mahone's division in line except Wilcox's old brigade,which is lying in reserve to the rear of the division. No conscripts in this brigade. Regiment less than 200 each for duty. Deserter from Fourth South Carolina Cavalry, Butler's old brigade, came in last evening. Left his brigade five miles below Burgess' Mill, on the new military road to Stony Creek. Young's brigade was encamped about a mile to the eastward of Butler. A great many dismounted men in Butler's brigade. Regimental rolls bear 500 men, only about 200 being mounted. Two conscript deserters from the Thirteenth North Carolina came in this a. m. at daylight; left their brigade (Scales') between Nahone's old brigade and Battery 45; are unintelligent. Considerable number of conscripts coming in to their brigade. One hundred and ninety men in their regiment (including all conscripts) for duty. Thirty-eighth North Carolina largest regiment in brigade; over 300 for duty. Forty prisoners of war, all from the Holcombe Legion, including one second lieutenant, forwarded from the Third Division, Third Brigade, Second Army Corps taken last evening in front of the Burnside mine. From them it is learned that day before yesterday a deserter from our lines gave information that our forces were moving to our right, and had left only a skirmish line at the point they charged. The order for a charge was given yesterday evening and the time set at 12 midnight. Two hundred and fifty men of the Holcombe Legion, Evan's South Carolina brigade, of Johnson's division, comprised the attacking party. They supposed there was to be a general advance along their entire line. Confess to have men with considerable loss.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

CHURCH ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

November 6, 1864-5 p. m.

Captain DAVIS:

At 4 p. m. five pieces of artillery and same number of caissons, followed by one wagon and one ambulance, passed large fort near lead works, moving on Boydton plank road and in direction of Petersburg. A few wagons seem moving in both directions on Boydton plank road.

SLEEPER,

Sergeant.

