
JERUSALEM PLANK ROAD,

November 6, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Major B. F. FISHER:

At 3.30 p. m. a carriage, followed by twenty mounted men, came from direction of Petersburg and disappeared in camps west of Weldon railroad; about one brigade was in line in camp west of railroad at sundown.

A. K. C.[AROTHERS.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade:

I am directed to say that the instructions sent you yesterday were based upon the supposition that the entrenchments covering City Point were finished, as well as the approaches to the site of proposed bridge. Instructions from General Grant will, of course, take precedence of all others, and you will complete the approaches to bridge, &amp;c. As soon as you have any force available for the line

from Prince George Court-House to Old Court-House you will begin the construction of it and in the manner indicated.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 6, 1864. (Sent 12.05 p. m.)

Brigadier-General BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade:

As soon as you have disposed your command in accordance with the instructions sent you yesterday please report the distribution of it for the information of the commanding general.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, November 6, 1864.

General A. A. HUMPHREYS:

I shall as early as practicable, make the distribution of my men for the work called for, but that may do this judiciously it is indispensable that I should know the number and position of the redoubts planned by Major Michler, of which I know nothing as yet. My general plan, as far can now from, it is to encamp, as far as I have them a battalion of infantry, with one company of engineer recruits (of only the same experience, in fact) at each of the redoubts planned, and to retain two of the five companies of engineer recruits, with perhaps one of the battalions of infantry, to garrison and complete my present lines of defense. If I knew that the commanding general did not consider the

