
ascertain the position and any movements of the enemy toward night.

If the enemy design moving toward our rear to make a demonstration on Tuesday, it is not probable they would be moving so that I might discover them until late in the day. If it is desired that I shall move earlier, please inform me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 6, 1864.

Major-General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry:

The commanding general is of opinion you will not have time to move sufficient far if you do not start before midday. The reconnaissance should extend several miles beyond Reams' Station, on the line of the railway and west it-perhaps beyond Rowanty Creek. However, you will know best how to make it nab the routes the enemy would use.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

FORT MONROE, November 6, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Hoffman House, corner Broadway and 25th streets, New York:

I returned yesterday from my scout through Charles City and Henrico Counties, bringing in fourteen prisoners, thirty-one head of cattle, sixteen sheep, fifteen horses, and five mules. The work was done most thoroughly. I burned the dwellings, with the outbuildings, each of them being the residence of guerrillas and points of rendezvous for them. I also obtained some information from your niece, which I have communicate to General Grant. Immediately upon returning, I was ordered here to report to you by telegraph for duty. Shall I come in to-night's steamer? I know I can be of service. Please answer on receipt.

JOHN I. DAVENPORT,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

CITY POINT, VA., November 6, 1864.

Major-General TERRY:

It will be well for you to push cavalry out to-morrow as far toward the Chickahominy as they can go and as near to the enemy. It is possible there will be an effort made to-morrow night or Tuesday by the enemy. They will not venture on a direct attack, but may attempt to get in your rear with a small force.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

