HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,November 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatch is received. Yesterday, having in view the possibility of attack at this time, I directed the cavalry pickets to be pushed farther out than they recently have been. Since the reception of your order I have directed Colonel West, who commands the division, to push out Spear's brigade toward the Chickahominy at an hour before daylight to-morrow morning, paying particular to the Charles City and Long Bridge roads and looking out for the White Oak bridge. The brigade will be relieved at midday by Evan's brigade. These two brigades will relieved each other alternately in the performance of this duty as long as may be thought necessary. The third brigade of the division will remain to do the ordinary picket duty.

Very respectfully,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.

FORT BRADY, VA., November 6, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

COLONEL: Have the honor to report that I was afraid the enemy would become emboldened to-day by the inaccuracy of our fire, caused busing the Amsterdam shell. Sent them a case now and then to keep them in check. Heard no more from them than usual. Have all exercised our ingenuity in getting a good impression of the worn vent; tried your plan with clay and failed; tried melted tallow and failed again. Shall not give it up, however, until further plans have been tested. The vent of another the 4.5 -inch guns has become fully as bad as that you examined. Everything belonging to the 30-pounder Parrott is safety in this fort. Have commenced building log houses for the men. Wish the engineers would get through, so that I could clean up. Have had no shots in our direction to-day. Think the men are improving in health rapidly. Please don't send any more amsterdam shell.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LIGHT ARTILLERY BRIGADE,TENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 44. In the Field, Va., November 6, 1864.

I. Two guns (one section) of Lieutenant Metcalf's (Fifth New Jersey) battery, with 144 rounds of ammunition and eighteen boxers assorted, will be placed in the redoubt occupied by Lieutenant Tully's battery (D. First U. S. Artillery).

II. Four guns (two sections) of Battery D, First Artillery, will be brought from the redoubt in which they now are to the caisson camp.

III. The guns (one section) of Captain Clinton's (First Connecticut) battery will be placed in the redoubt now occupied by Lieutenant Myrick's battery (E, Third U. S. Artillery).

