
IV. Four guns (two sections) of Battery E, Third U. S. Artillery, will be brought from the redoubt in which they now are to the caisson camp.

* * * *

VI. At reveille to-morrow the horses will be harnessed and all hitched, excepting the piece teams, which will remain harnessed and in readiness, but none will move unless order, excepting to make the changes and return. The teams may be unhitched and unharnessed if no orders to the contrary are received by an hour after daylight.

VII. The commanding officers will be held responsible for a prompt execution of these orders at the time prescribed.

By order of Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Jackson:

R. M. HALL,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Artillery, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 158. Before Richmond, Va., November 6, 1864.

1. Colonel F. B. Pond, Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers, having been honorably discharged the service of the United States at his own request, Colonel J. C. Briscoe, One hundred and ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the temporary command of the First Brigade, First Division Tenth Army Corps.

By order of Colonel A. C. Voris:

CHAS. A. CARLETON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 10TH A. C.,

Numbers 31. Before Richmond, Va., November 6, 1864.

I. Captain W. D. Crandall, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having been assigned to duty with this brigade by Special Orders, Numbers 173, from headquarters Tenth Army Corps, is hereby announced as assistant adjutant-general of this command.

II. Lieutenant Fred. Sandrock, Company D, One hundredth New York Volunteers, is hereby announced as acting aide-de-camp on the staff of the colonel commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Colonel G. B. Dandy, One hundredth New York Volunteers, commanding brigade:

W. D. CRANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., November 6, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM BIRNEY,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to request that you will instruct the officers in command of the forces in the redoubts on the extreme right of our line to furnish to Major Michie, chief engineer of the department, such detail for fatigue duty at these points as he

