
at the lead-works and pitched camp, and the smoke of camp-fires that rose from the woods approximating on the right would indicate that other and larger camps were established about the same time. A body of infantry, about 1,500, has been standing and lounging on ground all this p. m. in the woods midway between the lead-works and the large for west of the Weldon railroad. They appear to have formed from a camp partly visible farther in the woods. All quiet.

H. W. FULTON.

The officer at the Avery house reports that at 5.30 p. m. the enemy were moving in promiscuous order from camp in the woods in the rear of their line toward their front works; that it is the movement reported this a. m. reversed.

In selecting points for stations along the left to-day, I observed that the present line of the enemy runs in front of Doctor Duval's house, extending thence toward Boisseau's, but could not see it after it left the opening in which the Duval house is until it appeared in the opening of the Boisseau property, but concluded it was continuous.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 3, 1864-6.45 p. m. (Sent 7.20 p. m.)

Brigadier-General BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade, City Point:

The commanding general directs that you relieve the detachment of engineer troops in charge of the pontoon train of this army sent to City Point yesterday, and order them to move up to this place and report to Major Michler. You will assign troops to take charge of the train until the engineer troops here can resume it.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, October 3, 1864-8.30 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: Your dispatch just received, and I will send a detachment out immediately to take charge of the train referred to, which i understand to be near old Court-House. I shall order the men there to move up as directed at once, but as you may not design that they should move before morning, I telegraph you so that should you not men them to move to-night your reply may probably reach me in time to stop them.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade:

The engineer troops need not march until to-morrow morning. Major Michler said the pontoon train had gone to City Point; if is has not, it should go there.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

