
may call for. The commanding general also desires that at night infantry pickets should be posted where they have not already been established around the redoubts above referred to, as he fears to place too much dependence upon the cavalry outposts and pickets. Communication can be had by signal from these headquarters to New Market Heights.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. SHERVE,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 10TH A. C.,

Numbers 4. In the Field, Va., November 6, 1864.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 33, headquarters Third Division, Tenth Army Corps, November 6, 1864, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this brigade. All existing orders will remain in force until otherwise ordered.

U. DOUBLEDAY,

Colonel Forty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,November 6, 1864.

General WEITZEL:

General Grant telegraphs to me that he thinks the enemy may attempt to get in our rear to-morrow night or tuesday morning. I should be very glad to look over the ground with you. Can your spare the time to ride with me from Four-Mile Church to the Deep Bottom lines to-morrow morning, say about 9 o'clock?

A. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major- General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,November 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS MULCAHY,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: In regard to your communication just received, the general commanding directs me to say that the man having deserted to our lines cannot be given up. It appears that the officer of the picket on the other side made an arrangement whereby an opportunity was given to his men to desert. If the man had been detained by our pickets while between the lines pending such an arrangement he would have been sent back, but as the man took advantage of this very improper agreement between the officers of the opposing picket-lines to desert he will not be given up.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. BRUCE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

