
hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, and the Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers of the right to carry colors by reason of their reported misconduct in battle. I have now the pleasure to state that those regiments, having behaved with distinguished bravery at the engagement of the 27th ultimo on Hatcher's Run. I have this day issued a general order setting aside the prohibition placed upon them by the order of September 23.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

November 7, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following deserters have been forwarded to-day: Two from the Seventh and Eighteenth North Carolina, Lane's brigade, Wilcox's division; two from Sixth Virginia, Weisiger's brigade, Mahone's division; one from Thirty-fifth North Carolina, Ransom's brigade, Johnson's division; two from Fifth ninth Virginia, Wise's brigade, Johnson's division. No important information has been elicited. The position named August Vondler, a mechanic employed by the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad Company, came into General Gibbon's lines this a. m. He left Petersburg last night, and Richmond yesterday morning on the 9.15 train. Has nothing new or important to communicate, except that he hard a North Carolina soldier say in Petersburg that troops were to be sent to North Carolina soon from Lee's army, and that his brigade was going. It was probably one of Ransom's men, judging from the place informant saw him. Enemy's position between Appomattox and James remains unchanged as far as informant's knowledge extends. He apparently knows very little about military matters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 7, 1864.

Major FISHER:

Foggy and little can be seen. No changes observed. All quiet.

TOWN.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 7, 1864.

Major FISHER:

The fog has made it impossible to see enemy's lines most of the day. No changes observed.

TOWN.

