
ordered to be in readiness to proceed to the same point. The commanding officer will report to you, in order that you may know where to send for him in case the regiment is ordered to move.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 7, 1864.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with instructions received from the major-general commanding the corps. Bvt. Brigadier General George N. Macy, colonel Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers, has been assigned to the command of the First Brigade of this division. The following-named officers are now commanding the several brigades: Bvt. Brigadier General George N. Macy, First Brigade; Colonel Robert Nugent, Second Brigade; Colonel C. D. MacDougall, Third Brigade; Colonel St. C. A. Mulholland, Fourth Brigade.

Very respectfully,

N. A. MILES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,November 7, 1864.

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

SIR: My line between Fort Stedman and Battery Numbers 9 is very weak, and I have directed that to-night after dark my reserve regiment, the Eighth New York Heavy Artillery, be placed in that part of the works. This will leave me no reserves, but General Macy's brigade I think is sufficient for the purpose.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

[Indorsement.]

The major-General commanding thinks it better that for the present the eighth New York and any other reserve General Gibbon may have should be on the line, as General Gibbon has directed.

A deserter from Ransom's brigade states that last night and the night before his brigade was under orders to attack the picket-line between Forts Stedman and McGilvery, but the attack was opposed in each case by the brigade commander. Though this may not be true, it is proper that every precaution should be taken against such an attack. Ransom's brigade rests its left on the river.

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

