
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., SECOND CORPS,

Numbers 67. November 7, 1864.

The brevet major-general commanding takes great pleasure in expressing to the command his gratification with the good

conduct of the troops engaged in the affair on the night of the 5th instant, resulting in the retaking of that portion of the picket-line wrested from us by an overwhelming force of the enemy; the capture of forty-two prisoners, including one commissioned officer; the forcing of the enemy to leave in our hands a number of their dead and a quantity of small-arms and intrenching tools. Special mention in due to Colonel R. McAllister, commanding Third Brigade, who gave his personal superintendence to the operations, and to the officers on his staff, who rendered him such efficient service. The conduct of the officers and men of the One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers and the eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, who were directly engaged, is worthy of emulation. Such Volunteers, who were directly engaged, is worthy of emulation. Such gallantry always displayed would soon bring the rebellion to a close.

By command of Brevet Major-General Mott:

J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,

November 7, 1864.

The Fifth Corps having relieved part of our picket-line, which admits of a reduction in the line of this division, Brigadier-General Pierce will relieve fifty men of General De Trobriand's, and General de Trobriand fifty men of Colonel McAllister's brigade. This change will take place as soon as practicable.

By command of Brevet Major-General Mott:

J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,November 7, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report all quiet in my front during yesterday and last night. Six deserters were received yesterday; two from Thirteenth North Carolina, two from Twelfth Virginia, two from Sixth Virginia.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 276. November 7, 1864.

I. The instructions heretofore given Brigadier-General Baxter to report directly to these headquarters are rescinded, and he will receive his orders direct from Brigadier-General Crawford, commanding Third Division.

II. Brigadier-General Crawford will extend Crawford will extend the right of his picket line a distance of about seven posts toward the Second Corps line.

* * * *

