HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY CORPS,November 7, 1864-9. 25 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The regiment sent to Freeman's Brigade has returned. a portion of the regiment went a mile south of the Nottoway; no enemy discovered in that vicinity. The roads followed by me to-day were very frequently heavily barricaded. My command marched about twenty-three miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Colonel, Commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,November 7, 1864.

Colonel M. KERWIN,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: To obtain the earliest intelligence of the enemy, should they be moving toward our rear, you will, during to-morrow, send frequent scouts out on the road by Gary's Church toward Wood's Shop; also out on the plank road across Warwick Swamp, splitting the party, scouting the road your brigade moved on going out to-day and the plank road toward Proctor's. The officer commanding will report the result on his return. The first patrol will start at daylight. Colonel Smith will send a patrol down the Waytt road from the left of the railroad, so that possibly this scouting party moving on the road used by your brigade to-day may meet them, and will have to be particular and not fire into them. I have notified Colonel Smith that you will patrol said road.

By command of Brigadier General D. McM. Gregg:

A. H. BIBBER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,November 7, 1864-12.25 a. m.

Lieutenant 	Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, City Point:

A small demonstration has just been made upon our cavalry near Fussell's Mill. A party of the enemy's infantry, estimated at 200 men, drove in the pickets and attacked the supports. They were driven back and our line re-established. Colonel West, commanding the cavalry division, has sent out to that quarter Spear's brigade, which was to go out just before daylight.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 7, 1864.

Major-General TERRY,

Commanding:

I see that our papers announce that large numbers of the army have gone home to vote. These papers get through to the enemy within an hour after reaching our lines. Information gained by this means the

