
enemy may try to the advantage of. If we are prepared I hope hew may. I see by the Richmond papers that they think this depletion is mostly from the Army of the James; at least they say they know that most of the forces from the north side have gone; that nothing is left but a skeleton line to hold our works. I think torn this there is sufficient probability of your being attacked to justify the greatest vigilance of the part of division and brigade commanders, and the most perfect readiness to from and move their commands. If the enemy should attack and be repulsed he should be followed up at once and no officer should hold back for orders to do so.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,November 7, 1864-12.40 p. m. (Received 1.35 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Your dispatch is just received. I will see that the most extreme vigilance is exercised. The only point about which I have anxiety is our right and rear. I think, however, that sufficient precautions have been taken for this point. The cavalry are well out, covering it; the redoubt at Camp Holly has six guns, four of them 20-pounders; that at Signal Hill, ten guns; that at Four-Mile Church, six guns; at the small works, between the two last named, there are two guns. All these works have good infantry garrisons. I have increased the force in the new line in front of Deep Bottom, so that there are now there 2,000 men; they occupy the right of the line, running nearly as far to the left as the Grover house. In case of attack in that direction Weitzel will move troops at once down the Kingsland road; Ames(Tenth Corps) will move a column down the New Market road; Weitzel will change direction to the left and Ames to the right, and from line of battle on a crest between and running at right angels with the two roads, the left resting on one of the redoubts, this connecting with the left of the men in the new Deep Bottom line. I think the position this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient, servant,

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.

FORT BRADY, VA., November 7, 18643.

Colonel H. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

COLONEL: Have the honor to report less firing by the enemy to-day that yesterday. As I informed you in my previous report, the vents of two of the 4.5-inch guns are so much worn as to render it unsafe to use them longer. To-day noticed that the vent of the third was rapidly becoming enlarged; will not stand more than 150 rounds more at the outside. Under the circumstances, will it be best to send any more 4.5-inch ammunition at present? Colonel Piper sent for me to-night in haste, and said, as several of the light pieces had been removed from the redoubt above, it would be a good idea to move one or two of the 30-pounder Parrotts to take their places. Told the colonel that I could

