
not reduce the armament of fort Brady without orders from you. The matter dropped. Said he had spoken to you with reforge to removing the 8-inch mortars to Fort Harrison; said you gave your consent in care he sent for them. Please send me definite instruction about it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

November 7, 1864-1 a. m.

I having been report to the commanding general that the enemy have made their appearance in the vicinity of our cavalry outposts, he directs that the officers commanding the detachment works on the New Market road have them manned promptly at reveille, and if the proper supply of ammunition is not already on hand that measures be taken to supply it immediately.

WM. P. SHREVE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,November 7, 1864-2 a. m.

DIVISION COMMANDERS:

The brigadier-general commanding directs that the garrisons assigned to the redoubts be placed therein at reveille and the lines manned. Such troops as are not needed for the above will form a movable column on the New Marked road, the head of the First Division at Four-Mile Church, upon which those of the Second and Third will close up. If the proper supply of ammunition is not on hand measures will be taken to procure it immediately.

WM. P. SHREVE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,November 7, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel JACKSON,

Chief of Artillery, Tenth Army Corps:

Battery L, Fourth U. S. Artillery, is in position on the Bermuda front; F, Fifth U. S. Artillery, is in position on our corps front (in Batteries Nos. 3 and 4); F, First Rhode Artillery, it at the other end of pontoon bridge at Varina; B, First U. S. Artillery, is attached to the cavalry-it does not report to me now; I understand it is near the Crow's Nest. Have you any second lieutenants of the First Rhode Island Artillery who can be spared for duty with Battery F of that regiment? It has lately los all of its officers, and I have assigned to its command a young officers of the Sixteenth New York Battery.

ALEXANDER PIPER,

Colonel, Tenth New York Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

