
dred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers, 27 officers and 790 men; Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, 7 officers and 140 men; Forty-seventh New York, 10 officers and men; total, 44 officers and 1,116 men. The two battalions remaining behind as garrison will numbers as follows, viz: Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, 5 officers and 230 men; Forty-eight New York Volunteers, 10 officers and 262 men; total, 15 officers and 492 men. The report of this brigade this morning show 62 officers and 1,702 men. Of this number 155 enlisted men of the Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers are unarmed recruits, who will be unable to move with the column. All verbal instructions in reference to marching with full ranks, prevention of straggling, sleeping with accouterments on, and turning out at 4.45 a. m. to-morrow, have been promulgated and will be carried out.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

G. PENNYPACKER,

Colonel Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,November 7, 1864. (Sent 12.35 a. m.)

Major-General WEITZEL:

You cavalry pickets near Fussell's Mill have attacked and driven in by a party of the enemy's infantry estimated at 200 men. They came from the direction of the Charles City road. Our line has been re-established by a re-enforcement sent out by Colonel West. I would suggest that from reveille to-morrow morning you should keep a force ready to move up the Kingsland road, and occupy the new line of works in front of Deep Bottom. I have one regiment of colored troops on the right of the line now. Indeed, if you had the troops to spare it might not be amiss to sent a regiment there at once. This is the point for which General Grant Has expressed apprehension.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel E. Martindale has been notified to occupy the line spoken of at Deep Bottom by two regiments of his brigade. Division commanders will use the utmost vigilance to meet any surprise.

By command of Bvt. Major G. Weitzel:

D. D. WHEELER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, November 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General HECKMAN,

Commanding Second Division, Eighteenth army Corps:

GENERAL: In case attack anticipated by General Grant is made. I hereby inform you what I propose to do, in order that you may act intelligently. I take is for granted that the enemy, in case he makes the attack, will have his works in our front held by a weak line of militia, conscripts, &amp;c., and will take his movable force, which consists according to last accounts, of Hoke's and Field's division, and the remainder

