
of Bushrod Johnson's (Tennessee) brigade, numbering in all about 7,000 effective men, and attempt to threaten our right and rear to force us to fall back upon Deep Bottom. This movement will probably be accompanied by weak feints upon one or more portions of our line. Clearly the way to meet this movement of the enemy is to leave our lines guarded in a similar manner to the enemy's line. If this attack is made in the manner in which I suppose it Will be, I propose to leave the whole of our line under the command of Brigadier-General Heckman, commanding Second Division. He will have the troops of his own division, those of the Third Brigade of the Third Division, the Second U. S. Colored Cavalry, dismounted, and the One hundred and seventh U. S. Colored Infantry. With these it is presumed that he will have a stronger line than the opposing line of the enemy, and by holding his redoubts strongly and the intermediate parapets with what is left, be enable successfully to repulse any weak feint on the part of the enemy. General Paine, in command of the First and Second Brigade of his division, and General Devens, is command of the whole of his division, will from the movable column of this corps, and will be prepared to move by the Kingsland road to Deep Bottom, where the western crests of the valley of Bailey's Creek, which are provided with strong redoubts to form secure flanks for line of battle, will enable the movable column of this corps alone to easily repulse the anticipated attack of the enemy. In case the event hearing anticipated occurs, I desire all baggage and all vehicles not necessary for the troops to be sent promptly to the neighborhood of the pontoon bridge at Aiken's, so as to be secure in case of disaster. You will see to your own supplies of ammunition. The batteries of artillery will accompany the movable column.

By command of Brevet Major-General Weitzel:

D. D. WHEELER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Devens and Paine.)
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,November 7, 1864.

Bvt. Brigadier General G. V. HENRY,

Commanding Third Brigade:

GENERAL: In case the expected attack is made, it made, it is presumed it will be made on our right, in which event the division will move on the Kingsland road to Deep Bottom. The general commanding desires that you have your command in readiness to move at any moment during the night, the men's knapsacks packed before tattoo, and baggage in readiness to move to the rear. If the event anticipated should occur, all vehicles and Government property will be at once to the vicinity of the pontoon bridge at Aiken's Landing. In case the division moves the Third Brigade will take the advance, followed by the First and that by the Second Brigade.

I have the honor to be,, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. BRUCE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Mulcahy, commanding First Brigade, and Colonel E. M. Cullen, commanding Second Brigade.)

