HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., November 7, 1864.

Brevet Brigadier-General DRAPER,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: I wish about seventy-five men under a selected officer, to be assigned as a garrison for each of the batteries on your front, to move into them at once if the corps moves to the right-morrow. In that case that Thirty-eighth and Third-sixth [U. S. Colonel Troops] will remain, the Fifth going with Colonel Ames; therefore select the officers and men for Battery Numbers 3 from the right of the Third-sixth; the officer and men for Battery Numbers 4. from the left of the Third-sixth or right of the Third-eighth. Take men by companies as far as possible, and let the numbers be no less than above. Pick two officers for each battery if you can. Let me know the names, &amp;c., of officers selected to-night. See them yourself, and let them distinctly understand that the batteries must never be given up, whether the lines is carried or not.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. J. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., November 7, 1864.

Colonel E. MARTINDALE,

Commanding Provisional Brigade:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you occupy the works spoken of in front of Deep Bottom in the inclosed copy of telegram* by two regiment of your command, now encamped at Cox's field. As soon as you have the regiments in position there you will send notification thereof to these headquarters. You will leave behind only sufficient men for camp guard. The mounted orderly bringing this dispatch will show you the road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. D. WHEELER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, November 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Your report can lay over until the campaign is ended. I am perfectly contented to wait for the conditions mentioned in your postscript.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 8, 1864-10.30 a. m. (Sent 10.40 a. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

There was picket-firing last evening for about an hour in front of Fort Meikel; no result. The rest of the lines quiet. Lieutenant-General Anderson, Confederate Army, applied through Major-General Hancock for permissions to remove the wounded and bury the dead lying between the lines since the affair of the 5th instant. Major-General Hancock

---------------

* See Terry to Weitzel, 12.35 a. m. p. 554.

---------------

