
was authorized to grant a truce from 9 to 10 a. m. to-day. General Gregg reported last night the return of the cavalry reconnaissance. One brigade went down the railroad eight miles beyond Reams' Station, and another brigade went down the Jerusalem plank road beyond the crossing of the Nottoway. No signs of the enemy in force were discovered, of could be heard. About nine prisoners, principally scouts, were picket up.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 8, 1864.

Captain A. J. DALLAS,

Assistant Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: The commanding general directs that you cause Mr. Jeremiah McKibbin, a commissioner to this army from, Pennsylvania under the laws of that State respecting the soldiers' voting, to be notified that he cannot leave this army until certain matters in connection with the election held to-day in the One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Regiment shall have been investigated. If Mr. McKibbin will give his parole not to leave the army he need not be placed under restraint, but he will be required to report to you daily and keep you advised as to where he may be found.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,November 8, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following deserters have been forwarded to-day that came into our line last evening: There from Sixth Virginia, Weisiger's brigade. Mahone's division; one from Tenth Georgia Battalion, Wright's brigade, Mahone's division; one from Third North Carolina, Leane's brigade, Wilcox's division. Also the following prisoners of war taken yesterday by the Second and Third Brigades of the Second Cavalry Division: Seven from Third North Carolina Cavalry, Barringer's brigade; two from Fifth North Carolina Cavalry, Barringer's brigade; one from Sixth South Carolina Cavalry, Dunovant's brigade; two Fifth-third Virginia Infantry (scouts). No important information obtained from the examinations. No charge discovered in the enemy's position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 8, 1864.

Major FISHER:

Very foggy until recently; no changes observed.

TOWN.

