SPECIAL ORDERS. HDQRS. ARTILLERY Brigadier, SECOND CORPS,No 188. November 8, 1864.

I. Lieutenant William B. Beck, commanding Batteries C and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, will on receipt of this order withdraw his batteries from the new fort near the Avery house and return to this old camp.

II. Lieutenant J. F. Campbell, commanding Battery F, First Pennsylvania Artillery, will on receipt of this order, place his battery in the new fort near the Avery house, relieving Lieutenant William B. Beck, commanding Batteries C and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

III. The commanding officer of Batteries C and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, will have his command hitched and harnessed at 5 a. m. every morning until further orders.

By command of Major John G. Hazard:

U. D. EDDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,Numbers 563. November 8, 1864.

I. The twenty-eight Massachusetts Volunteers is hereby detachment from the First Brigade of this division and assigned to the Second Brigade, and will be reported accordingly. The chief quartermasters of the division will cause to be turned over to the assistant quartermaster of the Second Brigade all quartermaster's stores, means of transportation, &amp;c., belonging to the Twenty-eight Massachusetts Volunteers.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Miles:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,November 8, 1864.

Brevet Major-General MOTT, Third Division:

GENERAL: During the flag of truce this morning Major Mitchell examined the position narrowly and is of the opinion that the greatest danger to your lines is from an attack on the flanks. He also noticed that the stream in rear of the line is quite an obstacle and has but few bridges and those merely permitting one file to move at a time. The general desires that you will strengthen the position as much as possible as the enemy will very likely make another attempt to capture the line. He suggests that the men should prepare abatis which can be thrown out at right. Now that the line has been attacked the general desires to hold it at all odds.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,November 8, 1864.

Colonel ROBERT MCALLISTER, Commanding Third Brigade:

The brevet major-general commanding has just received a note from the major-general commanding the corps that he thinks the greatest danger to your line from an attack on the flanks. General Mott desires that you will strengthen your position as much as possible and

