
build a few bridges across the stream in rear of your line. As the enemy will very likely make another attempt to capture your line, you had better take what abatis have been prepared to-day and throw them out to-night. The general desires that the line be held at all odds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,November 8, 1864.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor, as corps officer of the day, to report as follows: After receiving my instructions I went to the right along the line. On arriving at Fort McGilvery, sent my aide, Lieutenant Bowers, down along the river to ascertain if anything new head of was transpiring. The Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers, belonging to the Second Division, do the picketing along the river. The captain (McIlhenny) commanding regiment informed my aide of some considerable chopping on the part of the enemy on the island, and more stir than usual among them. I accordance with a request I made to keep me posted as to any movements of the enemy, the commandant of the Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers sent a note saying that two pieces of artillery were removed by the enemy from his left to his center, to the place of this timber cutting. Lieutenant Bowes accompanied Captain Parker, of your staff, to ascertain the facts. One investigation it don't seem to amount to much, thought some timber was cut, it is supposed for building purposes. The left of the lines is all right. The division officer of the day for Third Division reports that the Fifth Corps have extended their line to the right, relieving us of several posts, and that the connection is good. As you are aware a request for a flag of truce came into our lines, but too late to act upon it before dark, thought an attempt was made. Heavy musketry firing was kept up on both sides all night, and about 7.30 volleys were fired on the picket-line on the right of De Trobriand's front. I got my brigade under arms and sent out to the picket-line to ascertain what it was. Informed that the enemy made a demonstration, I sent up an aide to the First Brigade headquarters, but could learn nothing relative to it; did not seem to be aware that there was heavy firing. A flag of truce was sent out and a cessation of hostilities for one hour, from 9 till 10 this morning. The truce was ended at 10. Fourteen dead bodies were delivered to the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. McALLISTER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,November 8, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report everything quiet in my front during the last twenty-four hours. No deserters received. A detail of 100 men is at work on Fort Connahey.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.

