
majority, 87; Thirty-second Maine Volunteers, Republican majority, 37; Seventh Rhode Island Volunteers, Republican majority, 122; Third Maryland Veteran Volunteers, Democratic majority, 16; Battery D, Pennsylvania Artillery, Republican majority, 31; Seventh Maine Battery, Republican majority, 78. First Division, total Republican majority, 78. First Division, total Republican majority, 1,239. Second Division, total Republican majority, 777. Artillery Brigade, total Republican majority, 109. Total for corps, Republican majority, 2,125.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,November 8, 1864-2.45 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: My scouting parties to-day discover no movements of the enemy. At Proctor's, on the Jerusalem plank road, a picketing force of the enemy was found. This I suppose to be the force which yesterday and previously was kept at Salem Church, on the King's Crossing road, and about a mile and a half from Proctor's. Scouting parties to Disputanta and Sycamore Church captured two of the enemy's scouts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 8, 1864.

Major-General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry:

The patrolling and scouting appearing to be so successful, the commanding general wishes it to continued from time to time.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

FORT BRADY, VA., November 8, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

COLONEL: Have the honor to report that the enemy have changed their fire from behind the point of woods to the angle in the woods about the same direction beyond. Don't think they been so active to-day as yesterday. Understand that it is the intention to place two 30-pounder Parrotts in the new work behind built by Colonel Serrell, above Fort Brady. Trust that arrangements will be made to retain those here in their present position. Would it not be best to park the 4.5-inch guns and put the 30-pounders in embrasure?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connection Artillery.

