
BROADWAY LANDING, VA., November 8, 1864.

Captain H. H. PIERCE,

Commanding Siege Artillery north of James:

CAPTAIN: You will not move any of your siege guns from their present position except upon orders from the headquarters of the major-general commanding the department, or from me. In the case of mortars, if the rebels should open heavily upon our lines and continue their fire it may be necessary to reply at once. Accordingly, if Colonel Piper, chief of artillery, Eighteenth Corps, should make requisition upon you for them you are authorized to send them with men to serve them, at once notifying me. If the rebels do not open mortar fire it is not understood between Colonel Piper and myself that the mortars are to be moved.

Your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Commenting Artillery, Commanding Siege Train.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., November 8, 1864.

Captain T. E. LORD,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Tenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following as the vote of the various regiment of this brigade at the election held to-day, viz: Forty-seventh New York Volunteers voted by proxy; Forty-eight New York Volunteers voted by proxy; Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lincoln, 108; McClellan, 112. Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lincoln, 152. McClellan, 76. Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lincoln, 419; McClellan, 206. Total number of votes cast, 1,073, of which 679 were Lincoln, 394 McClellan.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. PENNYPACKER,

Colonel Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., November 8, 1864.

Lieutenant WILLIAM P. SHREVE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I respectfully ask that the detachment of the One hundred and sixteenth U. S. Colored Troops, now on duty at Deep Bottom, under command of Colonel Rand, shall be relieved and ordered to report to their regiment commander for duty. The reasons are:

First. They are illiterate freedmen from Kentucky and wholly unsuitable for provost guard.

Second. They are raw and undrilled, and need instruction as soldiers.

Third. They have not received the treatment promised all soldiers by the Government, although nominally several months soldiers They have been kept on fatigue or detached service or unarmed, or so separated into squads as not to received instruction as soldiers. Up to the 1st instant the regiment was scattered, a part being in Kentucky,

