
the past night, one of whom has been apprehended. Vedettes and pickets will be instructed to instantly shoot, if they cannot apprehend, any man crossing the outer line of vedettes at night, and no man will be allowed to pass the picket-line in the daytime, unless in the presence and by permission of an officer of the picket, who must be present and see that the man so permitted to pass out returns. It will be the desire of the brigadier-general commanding the division to reward any soldier arresting or shooting any one found guilty of the infamous crime of desertion, and it is one of the most imperative duties of every good soldier to bring to justice the infamous wretches who basely desert their country's service. By proper vigilance at the picket-line, desertions to the enemy may be entirely prevented and effectually punished if attempted. Division and brigade officers of the day will see personally that the men are made acquainted with this order, and that it is transmitted to their successors, to be by them communication to the men composing the pickets.

By command of Brigadier General Charles Devens:

GEO. A. BRUCE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE JAMES,Defenses of Bermuda Hundred, Va., November 8, 1864.

Lieutenant R. DALE BENSON,

Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Provisional Division:

LIEUTENANT: i have the honor herewith to forward you the result of election for electors for President and Vice-President in my command to-day:

Ninth Vermont Volunteers (detachment), Lincoln, 10; McClellan, 0.

Thirteenth New Hampshire Volunteers (detachment), Lincoln, 18; McClellan, 1. Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers, Lincoln, 86; McClellan, 39. Two hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Lincoln, 381; McClellan, 225. Two hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lincoln, 401; McClellan, 279. Two hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lincoln, 311; McClellan, 254. Two hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lincoln, 430; McClellan, 141. Total, Lincoln, 2,078; McClellan, 1,141. Majority for Lincoln, 937.

Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania not heard from.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. POTTER,

Colonel Twenty New Hampshire Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

NEW YORK, November 9, 1864.

Honorable EDVIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The triumphant election of the President and the indications of a quiet acquiescence in the result render it unnecessary to detain here the troops under the command of General Butler, with the exception of about 500 regulars now in the interior of New York under General Peck. These I should like to detain about a weak. As no exigency

