
WASHINGTON, D. C., November 9, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

Your dispatch of 1.30 p. m. received., The proposition to hand the there criminals over to the State authorities for trial is not approved. You will retain them in close custody until they are called for by an officers bearing the orders of this Department.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. A. DANA.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 9, 1864-11 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Unusual quit prevailed yesterday along the lines. The returns of the election were sent to you as received during the right. I am now preparing a consolidated return, showing the votes of each regiment by States, which, when completed, will be telegraphed. Early yesterday morning my attention was called to the existence and circulation of spurious poll-books in Pennsylvania regiments. I immediately notified all commanding officers of the fact, and directed the soldiers should be put on their guard. During the day two men were arrested in the Second Corps charged with circulating these false papers, and there being reason to believe one on the State agents was connected with the transaction I have directed he should be detained till an investigation now being made by the judge-advocate of this army shows whether on not there is ground for further action.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

AVERY'S HOUSE, November 9, 1864-11 a. m.

Captain TOWN:

A train of thirty-three wagons has court-house on Pocahontas road, going to our right. Another train of eighteenth wagons on same road has halted to right of court-house. An unusual activity prevails in that vicinity this a. m. All quiet.

JANSEN.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 9, 1864.

Major FISHER:

Enemy are engaged in putting up works in front of our picket-line and strengthening their works considerably in front of school-house. They have a working party of 400 men to the left of Whitworth battery, carrying logs.

JASEN,

Sergeant.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 9, 1864.

Major FISHER:

Holman reports enemy strengthening their works near Fort Clifton.

TOWN.

