
CITY POINT, VA., November 10, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

I would respectfully recommend the promotion of Brigadier General R. Ingalls, now brigadier-general of volunteers, to the same grade, by brevet, in the Regular Army, to take rank as such from the 16th day of June, 1864, the date of his assuming the duties of chief quartermaster of the combined armies operating against Richmond. This is also the date of the crossing of the James River, after the campaign from the Rapidan, by the Army of the Potomac. For his promotion by brevet in the intermediate grades between that of major (General Ingalls' present army rank) and that of brigadier-general I would respectfully recommend that dates given in a previous recommendation for his promotion be followed. For the skillful manner in which General Ingalls has conducted the affairs in this department he deserves this recognition of his service. He was the first officer of his department, I believe, who proved capable of organizing and running all the machinery in it for the Army of the Potomac. There has been no other army in the Until Stated where the duties of Quartermaster have been so well performed. The service of General Ingalls are too well understood at Washington to make it necessary for me to add more than my testimony that since I have been directly with the armies where he has acted as chief quartermasters his services have been all that could be asked, and such as but few could perform.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 10, 1864-11 a. m.

(Received 12 m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I suppose, without my saying anything about it, all the troops now in the North will be hurried to the field, but I wish to urge this as of the utmost importance. Sherman's movement may compel Lee to send troops from Richmond, and if he does I want to be prepared to annoy him.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 10, 1864-8 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of 9 p. m. yesterday is received. The prisoners, Miles, Carrigan, and McKibbin, are at these headquarters, and will be delivered when the officer you send arrives. Since writing my dispatch of yesterday I have arrested two more persons, named Riehl and Biern, as having been engaged in distributing the spurious poll-books. These prisoners are under the immediate charge of Captain A. J. Dallas, Twelfth U. S. Infantry. Brigadier-General Patrick, the provost-marshal of this army, acts also in the same capacity at General Grant's headquarters at City Point.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

