
CITY POINT. November 10 1864.

General MEADE:

Owing to the reported movement of a portion of Hill's corps to the north side of the Appomattox, I have ordered General Benham to send back to Bermuda the Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania, which belongs to General Butler's command. Benham has left 2,500 men,which a sufficient force.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,November 10, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following deserters from the enemy have been received to-day: One from Twenty-third South Carolina, Evans' brigade, Johnson's division; one from Thirteenth South Carolina, McGowan's brigade, Wilcox's division; one from Eight Alabama, Wilcox's old brigade, Mahone's division; also a prisoners of war from Seventh Tennessee, Archer's brigade, Heth's division. The only information of importance elicited was that there lying in serve when informant in Mahone's division. Wilcox's old brigade was lying in reserve when informant left last night. Harris' brigade was to be relieved from the trenches last evening by Elliott's (South Carolina) brigade, of Johnson's division. Johnson's division was extending its line toward the right. Informant knew of no brigades being on the move except Harris'; was a rumor that Mahone's division was going to Chaffin's Bluff of Dutch Cap. Considerably many conscripts received in Wilcox's old brigade. No regiment over 250 strong. Brigade musters about 1,000 muskets,

including conscripts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

NOTE.- No change in enemy's position reported except Harris' brigade being withdraw and Johnson's division extending to the right.

JERUSALEM PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

November 10, 1864-1.25 p. m.

Major B. F. FISHER;

Camps west of Weldon railroad, consisting of about one division, are being broken up, a part west, about 1,400 moving into line of works and front of and to our right of large fort, and the remainder remaining in camps, with tents struck. Arms appear glistening, moving to the left the tops of works in the vicinity of lead-works, but the works prevent a view of the men or their numbers.

CAROTHERS.

