
These papers are now in his possession, but I understand that agents have been selling these papers along the railroad from City Point to Warren's Station. It would, therefore, seem hardly fair to prohibit our agent from selling. I have sent our division commanders stringent orders in reference to allowing papers to be exchanged on the picket-line. Shall I retain these papers or turn them over to the agent?

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 11, 1864.

General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

The newspapers have been allowed to come to the army from City Point, and General Meade says it is unnecessary to restrain your agents from disposing of them as usual. Care should be taken, however, to prevent them from reaching the enemy through the pickets.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Peebles' House, Va., November 11, 1864.

Brevet Brigadier-General CURTIN,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general requests that you give instructions that unusual vigilance be maintained upon the lines to-night, and that every movement of the enemy be carefully watched and reported.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. M. LYDIG,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,November 11, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Reports from my pickets are to effect that no changes are observed. A scouting party sent on the Quaker road north of the Norfolk railroad to-day met a scouting party of the enemy about three miles beyond our lines. Two of our men were wounded. A stronger party than the first was sent in pursuit of the guerrillas, but has not yet been heard from. My scouting parties are considerably annoyed by guerrillas or scouting parties of the enemy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

