
Ames has a movable column organized of between 4,000 and 5,000 men ready to move in any direction. One brigade of cavalry is held in reserve, ready to be thrown anywhere to fight dismounted. One brigade is doing the ordinary picket duty, and one brigade is covering our right and rear near the junction of the Charles City and Long Bridge roads. I have had a strong rifle-pit dug, running from the redoubt on the New Market road next east of the Four-Mile Church redoubt to the Deep Bottom line, so that if the cavalry give us a reasonable warning of an attack in that direction our troops can be put in an almost impregnable position. General Weitzel thinks that the enemy are relieving some of the local defense battalions by regular troops. Deserters for some days past have told that such was the intention. He thinks that not more than three regiments have come across the river, and it has been reported to me since I commenced writing this that small bodies of troops have been seen moving back to richmond. All commanders are on the alert, and I do not think that we are in danger of a surprise.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.

NOVEMBER 11, 1864.

General WILLIAM BIRNEY,

Tenth Army Corps:

I have just received the following dispatch. Be on the alert:

HATCHER'S November 11, 1864.

Major-General TERRY:

The Howlett house battery opened on Batteries Sawyer and Parsons this a. m. with two guns on the formed and one on the latter. The firing on both sides has been excellent. I have directed the firing of our batteries to cease, as the enemy are doing no damage.

C. K. GRAHAM.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 3rd DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,

November 11, 1864.

Notice has been received of the enemy massing troops in front of left of Tenth Corps lines. Regimental commanders will hold their commands in readiness to form line at a moment's notice.

By command of Colonel James Shaw, jr.:

J. E. LOCKWOOD,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 10TH A. C.,

Numbers 8. In the Field, Va., November 11, 1864.

1. First Lieutenant Henry G. Marshall, Twenty-ninth Connecticut Colored Volunteers, is announced as acting assistant adjutant-general, and Second Lieutenant William M. Burrows, One hundred and twenty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops, as acting aide-de-camp. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Colonel U. Doubleday:

H. G. MARSHALL,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

