
Please give orders to your provost-marshal to proceed at once to Varina bridge and to seize all Northern papers brought to that point or Aiken's Landing, and not permit a single paper to escape him, taking also such other precautions as you deem necessary to carry out the above order. I have sent the same order to Deep Bottom.

A. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE JAMES,In the Field, Va., November 11, 1864.

Captain W. H. ABEL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Eighteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that a column of troops have been moving toward our right this morning. About 5,000 were seen. Part of them are now massed in a field about three miles distant and immediately in front of these headquarters.

Very respectfully,

W. M. McCLURE,

Colonel, commanding.
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL DIVISION, ARMY OF THE JAMES,In the Field, Va., November 11, 1864.

Major-General TERRY:

Commanding Army of the James:

The Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers reported at 7 a. m., the colonel stating that he had come as soon as his regiment was relieved from picket duty. No demonstration has been made by the enemy on my front, and everything appears as usual. The detail from the hospital was sent to the various regiments, and, of course, cannot work to-day in consequence of the late arrival of the Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania.

CHARLES K. GRAHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 12, 1864-11.45 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The quiet of the lines was undisturbed yesterday and last night. No further movements of the enemy reported since the dispatches sent yesterday. After comparing all the signal officers' reports they amount to seeing the movement of about 5,000 or 6,000 men, with some artillery, wagons, and ambulances, on the Boydton plank road going westward. Deserters yesterday morning, who came in the night previous, say it was rumored their lines were to be extended to the night. A deserter, who came in this morning, belonging to Weiseger's brigade, Mahone's division, had been on picket two days; knew nothing of any movement of his brigade or division. Taking all the information I possess, which is simply that some of Mahone's division about the Jerusalem plank road has been withdrawn from the lines, Johnson extending to supply

