
mounted, stealing their horses, and deserting again from him. From Pound Gap, Hatch's party marched to Louisa, on the Big Sandy River (without guard), where they came within our picket-line. About twenty of them were there detected as being deserters from our army, while endeavoring to pass themselves off as rebel deserters. From this point the party took transports and went down the Big Sandy and Ohio Rivers to Cincinnati, thence by rail to Lexington, where Mr. Hatch reported to General Burbridge, and was forwarded by him to this place. Hatch's party was the third sent by this route. After being liberated by the rebel guard a great majority of them made their way through into the Northern States; but some, with a view of getting transportation North, represented themselves to be rebel deserters. Most of those resorting to this deception are detected; a large majority of the other class make their escape.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OR THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

November 12, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A man calling himself W. B. Beane was forwarded last evening from the Fifth Army Corps as a deserter from the enemy. He states that he belongs to the Sixth Virginia Infantry, Mahone's brigade (old), of Mahone's division; that he came over for the purpose of exchanging newspapers and brought yesterday's Petersburg and Richmond papers, which were retained by a private soldier in the regiment he came into. He states that he had no intention of remaining when he started, but getting a few points thought he would stay. His friends reside in Norfolk and he desires to be sent there. He states that he came out on picket last Wednesday evening and has not heard from his brigade since. Thinks he would have known it if had moved. Could not see out from the picket-line, as there is a skirt of woods obstructing the view. Has no knowledge of any movement taking place. His brigade (Mahone's old) was lying in the same position as last reported, between the Squirrel Level road and Weldon railroad. Informant's manner of coming into our lines and his sang-froid give rise to suspicions that he was purposely sent in, to return again via Norfork, such cases having occurred.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

November 12, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Deserter from Thirteenth South Carolina, McGowan's brigade, of Wilcox's division, came into the line of Ninth Army Corps 12 m., to-day. No changes in Wilcox's division; McGowan to the left of

39 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

