
(our left) and opposite Fort MacRae; Lane to the (enemy's) left of MacGowan, in same position as last reported. Informant states that yesterday one of his regiment was inquiring about the movement of

some troops to their left, and was told that Mahone's division was moving back from the trenches into quarters. This is all informant knows of any movements. Conscripts arriving in small numbers daily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,November 12, 1864.

Major FISHER:

Stations report all quiet. No change. Church road station reports that at 11 a. m. four regiments of infantry were drilling on plain at Boisseau's house; colors of each regiment could be easily distinguished.

Respectfully,

CLARKE,

Signal Officer.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 306. November 12, 1864.

* * * * * * *

8. The attention of corps commanders is called to the necessity of preserving in good order the lines of entrenchments, front and rear, with the abatis, slashing, and other defenses. For this purpose corps commanders will occupy the works in the rear line of entrenchments with such batteries of artillery as are not required in the front and with such small infantry commands as are sufficient to carry out the above instructions. The Fifth Corps will take charge of the rear line from Fort Dushane to Fort McMahon, both inclusive; the Second Corps from Fort Stevenson to Fort Bross, both inclusive. The chief engineer officer will inspect the lines, both front and rear, from time to time and report to these headquarters any failure in the same in good order or any destruction of the defenses. Where the slashing have been cut up and removed, the command in the vicinity responsible for the same will be required to construct strong and heavy abatis and other works to supply the place of the slashing destroyed.

* * * * * * *

11. Battery G, Fifth U. S. Artillery, having reported to major-general commanding, pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 352, of October 18, 1864, from the War Department, is assigned to the Fifth Army Corps, and will be temporarily united with Battery D, of the same regiment, constitute a single battery (D and G).

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

