
CITY POINT, VA.,

November 13, 1864-8.30 a. m. (Received 3.10 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

As soon as troops begin to arrive here rapidly so as to insure against offensive operations on the part of the enemy, I want to run up home for a day or two. I can go and return before troops enough will have arrived for me to take the offensive. I would not if I could just now do anything to force the enemy out of Richmond or Petersburg. It would liberate too much of a force to oppose Sherman with.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

November 13, 1864-5 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatches of the 12th* and 13th have just reached me. I will send a telegram to Dix. Every exertion is being made to get the troops forward rapidly. McClellan has resigned, his resignation accepted, and Sheridan appointed in his place on account of his great achievement of the 19th October.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 13, 1864-12.30 p. m. (Sent 1 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The lines were yesterday and last night all quiet, axcept some artillery firing on the right. Deserters yesterday reported no movement of the enemy, but said it was understood Mahone's division had been withdrawn from the trenches and was going into winter quarters. Brigadier-General Gregg reports a scouting party of the cavalry overtook and killed five guerrillas in the neighborhood of Disputant Station, on the Norfolk railroad, yesterday.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, November 13, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Admiral Porter and the Assistant Secretary of the Navy are here and will start back in a few minutes. I go with them to Fortress Monroe and will be absent until to-morrow night, leaving you in command in the interval. Please inform Captain Emory that his brother is in Hampton Roads, a prisoner aboard the Florida. If he wishes to do so, permit him to visit his brother.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXIX, Part III, p. 750.

---------------

