HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

November 13, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Two deserters have been forwarded from the Fifth Army Corps. One from the Eighth Florida, Finegan's brigade, states that he left his brigade about dark last evening in their new camp a quarter of a mile to the left of the Boydton plank road, and one mile and a half beyond Battery Numbers 45. That Mahone's division moved to this place day before yesterday and are erecting winter quarters there. That day before yesterday morning he was left to guard some regimental baggage near the Wilcox house while the brigade was moving to the new camp. That a brigade from the right moved into the works vacated by Mahone's division. Was informed that it was Scales' brigade. That Johnson's division has extended to the right and occupies a part of the former line of Mahone's division. Scales' brigade and Johnson's division join each other directly opposite the Wilcox house. A deserter from the Thirty-third North Caroline, Lane's brigade, Wilcox's division, was forwarded this a. m. He is unable to give any account of the movements or position of any but his own brigade, which he states remains in the same position it has occupied for the last two weeks. Thinks McGowan's brigade has moved to the enemy's left. Cannot locate Scales. Is very stupid.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

P. S.-Information from Captain McEntee his p. m. reporting: "Scales' brigade reported gone to North Carolina."

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

ARMIES OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND, VA.,

City Point, November 13, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Scouts returned this morning, bringing Richmond papers of the 12th instant, and the following information sent by our agents in that city: Scales' brigade, of Wilcox's division, is reported to have gone to North Carolina. Kirkland's brigade, of Heth's division, has been attached to Hoke's division. No other change in regard to troops is reported. There are seven torpedoes placed in front of Fort Gilmer. They are under one plank, and a weight of seven pounds on any part of the plank will explode them. They are marked by little flags to prevent their own men from stepping on them; in case of an attack or necessity of falling back the flags are removed. Our agent gets this from the parties who have been at work placing the torpedoes. There are not more than three weeks' supplies in Richmond, and there seems to be little prospect of increasing the amount. The Danville road is bringing up very little at present except forage. Something occurs to detain the trains almost every day. The running stock is getting in such a bad condition that it is continually breaking down. One cause of this is a lack of mechanics to keep their machinery in order. According to existing orders, but one man to every mile of road is

