
inspector-general at these headquarters during the temporary absence of Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Morgan, assistant inspector-general, Second Army Corps.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major-General Hancock:

[September CARNCROSS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,November 14, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet in my front during the last twenty-four hours. Three deserters received-Eighth Florida, Thirty-third North Carolina, Sixteenth Mississippi.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,

November 14, 1864.

I. A recent inspection of the division shows a great deficiency in the arms and equipments of the men present for duty. Regimental commanders will make personal inspection of the companies of their regiments, and ascertain accurately the deficiencies in carbines, pistols, and sabers, slings and waist-belts, and, these ascertained, will make requisitions at one to supply the deficiencies. If, after a reasonable time, the stores required for are not furnished, it is desired that official information to that effect be sent to these headquarters. No commander must be content with having made a single effort to put his command in a condition of efficiency, but must continue his efforts until he is successful.

II. The attention of all commanders is called to irregularities which exist in permitting men to leave their camps and wander about the country in search of boards and other building materials. Men are thus permitted to straggle and sometimes beyond the picket-line. This is a gross irregularity and will at once be stopped. The forests near the camps irregularity and will at once be stopped. The forests near the camps will furnish all the material required for the comfort of the men and will only be used. The practice of destroying buildings in the vicinity of the camps will be discontinued.

By command of Brigadier-General Gregg:

A. H. BIBBER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT BRADY, VA., November 14, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the rebels have not had an opportunity to use their mortars much. The Parrott piece works splendidly. Shall not fire it so frequently hereafter, but save the vent for more important practice. Quarters nearly done for the men.

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.

