SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers -. In the Field, Va., November 14, 1864.

Byt. Brigadier General N. M. Curtis, having reported to these headquarters for duty, is hereby assigned to the command of the Fifst Brigade, Second Division, Tenth Army Corps, relieving Lieutenant Colonel A. M. Barney, One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteers, who will report to his regiment for duty.

By order of Brigadier-General Foster:

T. ELLERY LORD,

Captain, 3rd N. Y. Vols., and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 15, 1864-2 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

Has the order been promulgated yet for the organization of the First Army Corps, about which you telegraphed me some two weeks ago? If it is to be issued I think it would be advisable to issue it at once.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 15, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I would recommend the appointment of Brevet Major-General Weitzel to full major-general of volunteers. I want to have him assigned to the command of the Tenth Corps. This assignment, however, I do not wish made at present. It is my intention to transfer all the white troops from the Tenth, and all colored troops from other corps to it, and then assign Weitzel to the command.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 15, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I consider it my duty to call your attention to the case of Colonel Henry A. Morrow, Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers. This officer has served with distinction in command of his regiment since August, 1862. He was recommended strongly for promotion by Major-Generals Hooker and J. F. Reynolds for services at Fredericksburg, Chew [Fitzhugh's] Crossing, Port Royal, and Chancellorsville. Subsequently I recommended him for promotion for his services at Gettysburg, where he was wounded. On this campaign Colonel Morrow was wounded at the Wilderness, and has since been absent from the army in consequence of his wounds. Colonel Morrow's services were in Wadsworth's division, of the old First Corps. Owing to the death of General Walsworth, the fact that the first Corps had been incorporated with the Fifth just prior to the battle in which Colonel Morrow was wounded, and the absence of this officer from the army, it has occurred that neither General Warren nor myself remembered his name when making out the list of brevets which you have been pleased to confer. As this

