
division. They deserted the picket-line and came into the lines of the Fifth Army Corps. About 100 of Finegan's men are out on picket, and are from all the regiments of the brigade. They came out from the new camp and are to be relieved to-night. They picket on the east side of the Weldon railroad, on the old line of Mahone's division. It is about three miles from the place where they picket to the new camp. No information going to show that any troops are being sent away from the force this side of the Appomattox. Heth's, Wilcox's, and Johnson's divisions are along the line of trenches, and Mahone's in reserve, though doing picket duty on his old line. No brigades are known to be absent from these divisions excepting Thomas' and Johnson's old (Tennessee) brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

P. S.-A prisoner of war from the Sixteenth Mississippi, Harris' brigade, Mahone's division, was taken this p. m. in the act of exchanging newspapers. He came to our vedettes near Fort MacRae, at which place he states his regiment is doing picket duty. He gives but little information, except the fact that his division is in winter quarters and are picketing with regular two-day reliefs, somewhat to the right of Mahone's old line.

CHURCH ROAD STATION, November 15, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Lieutenant CLARKE,

Signal Officer, Headquarters Fifth Army Corps:

There is a column of infantry, followed by two wagons, moving in direction of Petersburg on Boydton plank road; six minutes in passing a point about northwest from this station.

VAN B. SLEEPER,

Sergeant, Signal Corps.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,November 15, 1864-3 p. m.

Major FISHER:

This afternoon three detachments, at intervals, in all about 1,500 men, have passed through the enemy's original main line toward the city.

J. C. PAINE,

Captain and signal Officer.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,November 15, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the following report from the Church road station, which was corroborated:

During the afternoon about 1,200 infantry came in several detachments from the enemy's extreme right and passed on the Boydton plank road toward Petersburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

