
CITY POINT, VA., November 15, 1864.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Baltimore, Md.:

You are authorized to visit headquarters.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,November 15, 1864.

Captain JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Div., Ninth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from headquarters First Division, Ninth Army Corps, of this date, I have the honor to make the following report of officers who distinguished themselves on this campaign:

First. First Michigan Sharpshooters: The commanding officer of the regiment declines to mention any names, but says that nearly all did well. From what I have learned and observed, I am of opinion that Captain Levant C. Rhines and Adjt. Ed. J. Budkbee deserve especial mention. The former was killed in action June 17, and the latter is a prisoner of war.

Second. Second Michigan Infantry: Of this regiment I have to report the same-the commanding officer fails to specify names. Of those now in service I have no especial mention to make, though Lieutenant-Colonel March, in his brief career as an officer, has always been marked by great steadiness of conduct.

Third. Twentieth Michigan Infantry Volunteers: Of those now living and on duty with the regiment I am not aware that any have merited especial mention. All have behaved well. If I should mention any it would be Captain C. A. Lounsberry, Company A, for services on the 9th of May. I regret that Major George C. Barnes has not survived to enjoy the honors which his gallantry on the 12th of May and 2nd of June merited.

Fourth. Fiftieth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry: Captain Brumm, commanding this regiment, fails to mention any names. Had Captain Samuel K. Schwenck not been mustered out of service I should certainly have mentioned him for his conspicuous gallantry on the 9th and 12th of May.

Fifth. Sixtieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry: Lieutenant-Colonel Avery, commanding the regiment, reports the name of Lieutenant J. F. Curren, adjutant of the regiment, for conspicuous gallantry on every field up to the 17th of June, when he lost his arm; also, Lieutenant S. J. Evans, killed in action June 7, 1864.

Sixth. Forty-sixth New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry: Captain Becker, commanding the regiment, reports no names of those who haves distinguished themselves.

Seventh. Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry (dismounted): From this regiment I have received no report, nor am I able to specify any names from my own knowledge or from inquiry. The Thirteenth Ohio have not reported, and I suppose their report will be made through headquarters of the brigade. If the report were intended to embrace all, whether now in service or not, the list would be increased.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BYRON M, CUTCHEON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

