HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., November 15, 1864.

Major General G. F. BUTLER, Commanding Army of the James:

GENERAL: As I am about leaving City Point to be absent for five or saw days, I have just sent instructions to General Meade, of which the inclosed is a copy.* These instructions contain all that is necessary for you if the contingency upon which they are based should arise. All that I would add is that in case it should be necessary for you to withdraw from north of the James you abandon all of your present lines except at Deep Bottom and Dutch Gap. Just occupy what you did prior to the movement which secured our present position. Preparatory to the movement which secured our present position. Preparatory to this, remove at once within the line to be held all heavy guns that cannot be drawn off readily. Open the rear of all inclosed works so that when we want to retake them they will not be directed against us. General Barnard, chief engineer in the field, by my direction informed the chief engineer Army of the James of the work to be done in this respect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRENT,

Lieutenant-General.

FORT BRADY, VA., November 15, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT, Commanding Siege Artillery:

COLONEL: Have the honor to report rather more firing by the enemy to-day than usual. They were laboring under the impression, I believe, that the end of the canal was about to be blown out. Our men were blasting rocks or hard-pan there last night. The engineers have been in the practice recently of taking a large detail every day from the two companies supporting this fort to work on the small battery just above, laid out by Colonel Serrel, leaving my work in an incomplete state. Complained to Major Michie, who had the matter adjusted and ordered the labor on Colonel Serrell's battery to be discontinued for the present. Have had the men leveling off the terre-plain to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., November 15, 1864.

Brigadier General C. A. HECKMAN, Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: It having been brought to the notice of the major-general commanding that two men of the Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers deserted to the enemy yesterday while on picket, the major-general commanding directs that you cause the officer who had charge of that part of the line thought which these two men deserted to be put under arrest and charges preferred against him for neglect of duty, and immediate rial to be had.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. D. WHEELER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Grant to Meade, p. 620.

---------------

40 R R-VOL XLII, PT III

