
WASHINGTON CITY, November 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The order for raising the new corps was suspended by the President, but will be issued in a day or two, as soon as I can effect arrangements with the Secretary of the Treasury.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 16, 1864-10 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

There in nothing to report from this army. If you have no objection, and will be at home this morning, I wish to visit you at City Point.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

November 16, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following deserters received to-day: From the Second Cavalry Division, one private, Third Virginia Infantry, Kemper's brigade, Pickett's division. Left his regiment near Dutch Gap, on south side of Jamer River, last Sunday evening, with a leave of absence to visit his home in Dinwiddie County. Deserted and came to our cavalry lines yesterday. Has been in the regiment but a short time and has very little information. Pickett's division holds the line between Port Walthall and Dutch Gap. From the Fifth Army Corps the following deserters haves been received: Three from the Sixty-first Virginia, Mahone's old brigade, Mahone's division; two from the Eighth Florida, Perry's old brigade, Mahone's division; one from the Twenty-third South Carolina, Evans' old brigade, Johnson's division. From them we learn that Johnson's division in now posted from the Appomattox to Battery Numbers 31, or Fort New Orleans, the second fort to the enemy's right of Fort Mahone, a point about two miles east of the Weldon railroad. Enans' brigade is on the right of the division. Wilcox's division is on the right of Johnson's, Scales' brigade forming the left of the division. The Petersburg Militia are between Johnson's and Wilcox's divisions, on the left of Scales' brigade, between Battery Numbers 31 and the Weldon railroad. Scales' brigade occupies the place formerly held by Mahone's old and Wright's brigades. From the Second Army Corps have been received two privates from Seventeenth South Carolina, Evans' brigade, Johnson's division. Their statements corroborate the above. Contraband from Chambliss' old brigade of cavalry locates Chambliss', Butler's, and Dearing's brigades three miles south of Burgess' Mill, encamped on the new military road. Barringer's brigade is near Gladding's Mill, four miles southwest of Petersburg, on the Boydton plank road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

