
WALTHALL STATION, VA., November 16, 1864.

Captain THICKSTUN,

Chief Signal Officer, Second Army Corps:

SIR: The following messages have been intercepted during the day:

9.15 A. M.

Colonel B., &amp;c.:

Continuation of last night's message: One hundred and fifty men went up from the woods to the same place where the party was working early this morning and yesterday, and commenced to throw dirt on the second line of works. At 2 p. m. they were relieved by as many more, who worked until dark. A good many men in the woods cutting logs, and wagons hauling them to the works. I suppose they are making a new fort, but there are no signs of embrasures or guns as yet. Eighty-one wagons went up the river and forty-three down during the day.

R.,

Sergeant, at C.

11 A. M.

Major P.:

A train of eight flats, the tops crowded with soldiers, passed in rear of Battery 5, going toward enemy's left.

W.,

Sergeant, at D.

1.20 P. M.

Colonel B., &c.:

Two companies of infantry drilling in open space.

R.,

Sergeant, at C.

3 P. M.

Major P.:

I report during the day there have passed in rear Battery 5, going toward enemy's left, one train of seven box-cars and one train of four coaches and three flats loaded with soldiers; seven wagons and three ambulances. Toward City Point, in rear of same battery, one train of thirty-three box-cards, one of twelve coaches, nine wagons, and two ambulances. Brigade of infantry drilling in front of Battery 8.

B. C.,

Ar D.

4.10 P. M.

Colonel B., &c.:

From Dunn's: Two companies of infantry drilling in open space. One gun-boat above and one below Port Walthall.

From Steuart's front: All quiet in enemy's camps to-day. Men still at work on second line of works between Batteries R and D. No indications of a new battery as yet. There is also a small party at work on same battery near same place. No movements observed. Twenty wagons passed up and thirty down the river.

R.,

At C.

Camps unchanged. No movements observed. Sergeant Holman sick with chills and fever.

GEO. W. HOPPING,

Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 310. November 16, 1864.

* * * * * * *

2. The Second New York Mounted Rifles, now dismounted and serving as infantry in the Ninth Army Corps, is transferred to the cavalry division for the purpose of being mounted, and will at once proceed to

