
will report to Brigadier-General Ayres, commanding. Colonel Sergeant will hold himself in readiness to join his division this evening as soon as relieved by Colonel Hofmann's brigade.

III. The One hundred and eighty-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers, Colonel Jenny commanding, is assigned to the First Division, and will report to Brigadier-General Griffin, commanding.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 3, 1864-5.20 p. m.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

What is the position of your corps and the condition of the intrenchments you are making? Can the commanding general withdraw the division of the Second Corps and return it to its corps without impairing the security of your position? General Meade would like to hear from you in reply before going to City Point. He will start as soon as a car can take him.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 3, 1864-5.50 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The two divisions of my corps now occupy the line from Warren's left down to a point west of Peebles'. We, to-day, relieved one brigade of General Griffin's, Fifth Corps, so that we have now one brigade on the right of the Pegram house. From the Peebles to the Clements house I have two brigades of Mott's and one in reserve. The rifle-pit is completed, but slashing is not. The redoubt is not complete. We have 600 men at work day and night. I would not feel secure after Mott's division is withdrawn. I would respectfully suggest that a redoubt be constructed at or near the Clements house.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 3, 1864-8 p. m. (Sent 8.15 p. m.)

Major-General PARKE:

Commanding Ninth Corps:

The commanding general desires you to have the intrenchments, slashing, &amp;c., pushed forward as rapidly as possible, working all the men you can. the redoubt at Clements' house will be put up and one in the rear to close the position. Major Michler is instructed to employ all the engineer officers and troops upon the work.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

