HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 16, 1864.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward the names of Captain J. Henry Sleeper, Tenth Massachusetts Battery, and First Lieutenant Walter S. Perrin, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, for brevet rank for gallant and meritorious conduct at the battle of Reams' Station. Captain Sleeper has commanded his battery with his present rank for twenty-five months, and has gained for himself and command an enviable reputation. Captain Clark, acting chief of artillery, in his official report of the battle of Reams's Station, says:

Captain J. Henry Sleeper, commanding Tenth Massachusetts Battery, was wounded; but though a painful wound he continued with the battery nearly a half hour until the firing had ceased.

First Lieutenant Perrin, commanding Batteries A and B, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, at the battle of Reams' Station, acted with great judgment and coolness. During the final attack he was shot through the leg and taken prisoner; his leg was amputated. Lieutenant Perrin has participated in every battle of the corps since his connection with it from 1862 up to the time of his capture. At the battles of Fredericksburg and Gettysburg he showed conspicuous gallantry, and at the latter, after his commanding officer fell, commanded the battery through the action. In my opinion, no officer in the corps more richly deserves the honor of a brevet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. HAZARD,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,November 16, 1864. (Received 9.30 a. m.)

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet along my lines during the past twenty-four hours. The following deserters and prisoners were received: Three men, Tenth Florida, deserters; one man, Fifth Florida, deserter; one man, Sixteenth Mississippi, captured; one man, Mr. Aiked, refugee.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,November 16, 1864. (Received 10.15 a. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

All quiet along our lines.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

