
[NOVEMBER] 16, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General TERRY,

Commanding Army of the James:

We are all returning. May not their land transportation meet them at Deep Bottom?

J. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,November 16, 1864.

General WEITZEL:

I have just received a telegram from General Hawley, dated Fortress Monroe. The troops are all returning. I hardly think that they will be ready to disembark before to-morrow morning. Hawley asks to have the wagons belonging to the troops go down to meet them.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.

U. S. S. CON, POTOMAC FLOTILLA,

November 16, 1864.

General GRAHAM, U. S. Army,

Commanding Army Gun-boats:

MY DEAR GRAHAM: Last week two of your gun-boats visited the Rappahannock, and, in reply to the hail of the Commodore Read, stated that they had been ordered there by you to remove torpedoes from that river. Now, as I know you would no more think of giving your boats such instructions than I would of sending a detachment of men from this flotilla to land at City Point for the purpose of removing the obstructions between the Army of the Potomac and Richmond, I thought it best to write to you of the acts of your youngsters, lest by their indiscreet zeal they should give us both trouble.

[My orders to my officers are to co-operate heartily with all properly authorized military expeditions, but that no cruising in the waters blockaded by the vessels under my command can be permitted, except under instructions from me.]

Will you please give your commanding officers orders to exhibit their orders to the senior officer present when they visit the Rappahannock again, and oblige,

Yours, very truly,

FOXHALL A. PARKER.

P. S.-As to the torpedoes, I had them removed long ago, and my vessels now cruise on the Rappahannock to within a few miles of Port Royal. I wish you would pay us a visit in person to these waters. I would much like to see you and would insure you a bountiful supply of fine oysters.

F. A. P.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 25, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

GENERAL: I forward a copy of a very peculiar letter received from my friend Parker, commanding the Potomac Flotilla, a few days ago. He alludes to the army gun-boats Jesup and Mosswood, which were sent

