
to the waters of the Rappahannock Fork and Potomac Rivers during your absence to look out for blockade runners and mail-carries. Parker has been misinformed, however, about the object of these boats, as Harris informs me that he did confer with Acting Master Street, commanding one of the blockade vessels, and had the written orders issued by me indorsed by that officer. Presuming that you will not subscribe to the doctrine promulgated by Parker in the sentence placed within brackets, I am, respectfully, general,

CHARLES K. GRAHAM,

Brigadier-General.

The officers commanding the gun-boats belonging to this department have instructions to give all proper information to the officers of the navy and to co-operative with them cordially whenever it can be done.

CITY POINT, November 17, 1864-9 a. m.

(Received 9.50 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I leave this morning for Burlington, N. J. Will have with me a cipher operator.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 17, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Please telegraph me in cipher anything important that may occur in my absence.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

November 17, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Eight deserters from the enemy have been forwarded to-day: Three from the Sixth Virginia, Weisiger's brigade, Mahone's division; one from the Tenth Alabama, Forney's brigade, Mahone's division; one from the Seventh North Carolina, Lane's brigade, Wilcox's division; one from the Tenth Florida, Finegan's brigade, Mahone's division; one from the Seventeenth South Carolina, Evans' brigade, Johnson's division; one from the Third Virginia, Kemper's brigade, Pickett's division; all of whom came into our lines last evening and this a. m. From them we learn that details from Mahone's division are doing picket duty in front of Scales' brigade, which occupies the position recently held by Mahone's and Wright's brigades; that Scales' brigade is at work on the fortifications building traverses. Deserters from Lane's brigade states that Wilcox's division is all in the trenches, excepting Thomas' brigade, of which he knows nothing. Deserter from Tenth Alabama speaks of Whiting's division being on

