
the right of Heth. Can gives no definite information concerning it; only heard it was there. No considerable number of conscripts being received in any of the brigades represented by these deserters. No regiments found to average 300 for duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

November 17, 1864.

Major FISHER:

At 11 a. m. two small parties with sixty-eight horses came from woods in vicinity of large fort and moved toward Petersburg. Enemy are working in small squads near lead-works and on front line and near large fort. All quiet.

A. K. C[AROTHERS],

Sergeant.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

November 17, 1864.

The standard time throughout the army will be that kept at the telegraph office at these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Meade

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

November 17, 1864.

Corps commanders will make the necessary preparations to move at twelve hours' notice with the artillery supplies and trains herein indicated. In the event of moving, the intrenchments in front of Petersburg will be held by the Army of the James.

1. Corps commanders will at once designate the batteries to accompany their troops, not exceeding twenty-four guns to each corps, one-half rifled. Each battery will carry its full supply of ammunition, 250 rounds per gun. The chief of artillery will prepare a train of reserve ammunition of twenty rounds per gun to move with the main trains.

2. Four days' bread and small rations and one day's salt meat will be carried on the person; three days' beef on the hoof will be taken with the troops; eight days' bread and small rations will be carried in the supply trains, and eight days' beef on the hoof will accompany them. Eight days' forage will be carried in the trains.

3. Sixty rounds of small-arms ammunition will be carried on the person and forty rounds in the wagons.

4. The intrenching tools, one half the ambulances, one medical and hospital wagon to each brigade, and the light headquarters wagons will accompany the troops, the remaining ambulances, medical and hospital wagons, headquarters and other baggage wagons, and the bridge trains and reserve artillery ammunition of twenty rounds per gun will move with the general trains.

