
pearing in woods in rear of the same. I accompany this with a copy of reports taken from the enemy's stations yesterday. They are only valuable as showing what points of your lines are being watched.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.
HDQRS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,November 18, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The Church road station reports:

No changes visible. A working party of forty men engaged in strengthening works near Boisseau's. Few wagons could be seen moving on Boydton plank road.

Plank road station reports:

The enemy have been issuing rations at seven different points from lead-works to the left. Have also apparently been inspecting infantry in different camps near Weldon railroad. All quiet and no changes or movements observed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 43. November 18, 1864.

Paragraph 1, of General Orders, Numbers 4, of February 18, 1864, from these headquarters, *is so far modified as to direct that refugees seeking admission within the lines of army be detained at the outposts for the decision of the major-general commanding upon their applications, which will be promptly forwarded for his consideration.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ENGINEER Brigadier AND DEFENSES OF CITY POINT,November 18, 1864.

Colonel C. F. WALCOTT,

Commanding Post at Old Court-House:

There is an attack on General Butler's front. You will have your men ready to man the works at a minute's notice, and have your ammunition distributed. You will communicate these orders to Captain Thomas, and will cause the guards in the forts to be doubled, and the whole guard to be kept awake. You will communicate any information you may receive of the approach of an enemy to the forts to the right, as well as to these headquarters. You will also caution your pickets to be more than usually vigilant.

By order of Brigadier General H. W. Benham:

CHANNING CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXIII, p. 571.

---------------

