HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 18, 1864. (Received 6.25 p. m.)

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The following has been received from my corps officer of the day:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the enemy have been engaged during this forenoon in throwing up a small work on the bank of the river nearly opposite Battery Numbers 4. I think the working party numbers about forty men. I thin the work is intended to mount one gun in.

Respectfully,&amp;c.,

ST. CLAIR A. MULHOLLAND,

Commanding Brigade, Corps Officer of the Day.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

November 18, 1864.

1. The troops will be held in readiness to move at prompt notice with the artillery supplies and trains herein indicated. In the event of moving, the troops in the intrenchments will be relieved by other troops.

2. The chief of artillery will designate the batteries to accompany the troops, no to exceed twenty-four guns, one-half of them to be rifled. Each battery will carry its full supply of ammunition, 250 rounds per gun.

3. Four days' bread and small rations and one day's salt meat will be carried on the person. Three days' bread and small rations will be carried in the trains and eight days' beef on the hoof will accompany them. Eight days' forage will be carried in the trains.

4. Sixty rounds of small-arms ammunition will be carried on the person and forty rounds in the wagons.

5. The intrenching tools, one-half the ambulances, one medical and one hospital wagon to each brigade, and the light headquarters wagons will accompany the troops. The remaining ambulances, medical and hospital wagons, headquarters and other baggage wagons will remain with the general trains.

6. The supply and other trains now at City Point will be moved at once to the vicinity of the Jerusalem plank road, well out of view of the enemy, and parked is such manner as not to block the main or cross roads. The supplies herein directed to be carried will be drawn and kept on hand, and all arrangements made preparatory to moving according to these instructions.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

September CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 18, 1864.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that about 4 p. m. yesterday the enemy opened on Fort McGilvery from three batteries across the Appomattox and were replied to by our mortars on the right. No change

