
campaign, with a view to a recognition of their services by brevet:

Colonel Henry J. Madill, One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers; Colonel George W. West, Seventeenth Maine Volunteers. Colonel H. J. Madill was placed in command of the First Brigade of this division on the 16th of June (after Colonel Egan was wounded); had command and handled his brigade with great gallantry and judgment during the assaults on the works before Petersburg on the 18th; was relieved by the assignment of Brigadier-General De Trobriand to the brigade. At the first Deep Bottom I transferred his regiment to the Second Brigade for the purpose of placing him in command (Brigadier-General Pierce being absent). His conduct throughout has been unexceptionable. Colonel G. W. West was severely wounded at the battle of the Wilderness while in command of his regiment; returned and assumed command about the 1st of October; has the reputation of being a brave and efficient officer. These brevets to date from October 27, 1864.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brevet Major-General.

P. S.-The recommendation of Colonel Madill is from personal knowledge; that of Colonel West is his general reputation.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,November 18, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet along my front during the last twenty-four hours. Six rebel deserters received-three from Sixth Virginia; two from Tenth Florida; one from Seventeenth South Carolina. There were 144 recruits and convalescents received for the corps.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 18, 1864.

Major-General PARKE, Commanding Ninth Corps:

The major-general commanding considers that the arrangements to guard against surprise are not sufficient to secure your command against it, especially where there is open ground in front and no slashing, and that additional precautions should be taken by having under arms through the night and in position along the breast-works some part of your force.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

Brigadier-General CURTIN, Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you put a regiment to-night on the line between Fort Fisher and Fort Welch in compliance with above instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac.

[JNumbers C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

