
telegraph me, and I will get back as fast as steam can carry me. If it is true that Early is going back it behooves General Meade to be well on his guard, and Butler to be ready to ore-enforce him at the shortest notice.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 19, 1864-5 p. m. (Received 6.30 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

New York:

The following is respectfully forwarded for your information:

NOVEMBER 19, 1864-11 a. m.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS:

I have nothing of any importance to transmit to the lieutenant-general this morning. All quiet along my line. Reports from the different lines from signal officers and from refugees sand deserters, of whom some fourteen came in last night-ten deserters-all go to prove no movement or signs of movement on the part of the enemy. On the contrary, they concur in starting the enemy is expecting a movement on our part.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

J. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICER OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, November 19, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following deserters came into our lines last evening and this morning: Three from the Fifth and Eighth Florida, Finegan's brigade, Mahone's division; three from the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-seventh North Carolina, Lane's brigade, Wilcox's division; one from the Twenty-sixth North Carolina, MacRae's brigade, Heth's division; one from Tenth Alabama, Forney's brigade, Mahone's division; two from Sixth and Twelfth Virginia, Weisiger's brigade, Mahone's division; three from Twenty-second and Twenty-third South Carolina, Wallance's brigade, Johnson's division; one from Fifty-ninth Virginia, Wise's brigade, Johnson's division; one from Forty-first Alabama, Gracie's brigade, Johnson's division; one from Twenty-fourth North Carolina, Ransom's brigade, Johnson's division-total number, 16. From them we learn that no movements shave taken place, and the position of the brigades remains unchanged. Heth's division, on extreme right, with its brigades posted from right to left as follows: Davis, Cooke, Archer, and MacRae. The latter brigade is posted from the Hart to the Daggett house across the Calypole road. Wilcox's division (three brigades of it) posted as follows from right to left: McGowan, Lane, and Scales, extending to the left half a mile east of the Weldon railroad. Johnson's division from Battery Numbers 31 to the Appomattox, right to left as follows: Wallace, Wise, Gracie, and Ransom, Mahone's division in reserve, doing picket duty on Wilcox's front. Petersburg battalion between Wilcox's and Johnson's divisions. Army suffering considerably for want of shoes and blankets. The men

