
in Heth's and Wilcox's divisions are erecting huts just to the rear of the trenches. No considerable number of conscripts. An occasional regiment found 300 strong. Almost positive information that Whiting's division is not in this department; certainly not on the right, where it has been reported to be. Nothing in reserve on any part of the line excepting Mahone's division. An intelligent refugee from Petersburg has given valuable topographical information concerning the position of Thomas' brigade on the Chesterfield side. No late change or movements of troops on that side of the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK,
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, November 19, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE,City Point:

Deserters to-day from MacRae, Lane, Weisiger, Finegan, Forney, Wallace, Wise, Gracie, and Ransom-sixteen in all. No charge whatever on this front. Army suffering considerably for want of winter clothing.

JNumbers C. BABCOCK,
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, November 19, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: No movements visible this morning, excepting a small train of wagons numbering ten moved toward Richmond from Pocahontas. The following messages were intercepted yesterday:

11.15 A. M.

Major P.:

One regiment of infantry came from Bermuda Hundred and is now drilling in front of Dunn's. Steamer just came up the river and stopped off Strahan's lower landing. Gun-boats in same position.

R.,

Sergeant, at C.

Major P.:

I report a train of seventeen coaches and one of five flats, two loaded with troops. Fifty wagons and eleven ambulances passed rear of Battery 5 going toward enemy's left. Thirty wagons and four ambulances passed same battery going toward City Point. Several bodies of skirmishers drilling in rear of Hare's house.

H.,

Sergeant.

4.30 P. M.

Colonel B.:

I attacked the enemy's picket-line last night and captured about 150 prisoners with slight loss on our side.

(Same to A. B.)

Fog prevented my reading the remainder of message.

HOLMAN,

At Walthall House.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

