HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, November 19, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The station at the Avery house reports:

At 12 m. a train of twelve wagons passed to our right on road northwest of Pocahontas-the Richmond road. Between 1 p. m. and 4 p. m. several trains, amounting to fifty-six wagons and one ambulance, came toward our left on the same road. At 3.45 p. m. train of eleven wagons passed on the same road to the right. Considerable activity apparent on roads to-day, but no movements of troops seen to-day. A train of cars came from Richmond, passing Petersburg on the opposite side of the river.

I do not understand about this train of cars and have telegraphed for additional information. There must be some mistake or they have laid a new track.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, November 19, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: It seems from the answer I have received that the train of cars seen was upon a new track. I will locate it to-morrow.

Plank road station reports:

Had a good view most of the day. All quiet.

Walthall station sends the following intercepted messages:

3 P. M.

Major P.:

I report there have passed two trains, one of then and one of fifteen coaches, three of which had soldiers on top, going toward enemy's left. Two trains and five wagons passed going toward City Point. But little activity observed.

B. C.,

At D.

STEUART'S FRONT-4 p. m.

Colonel B.:

The enemy has been shelling our camp since early this a. m. Forty wagons passed going toward Fort Harrison and five the opposite direction. Owing to the fog could make no observations.

R.,

Sergeant.

(Same to A. B.)

Station in front of Fort Howard reports a small working party engaged upon works near the lead-works. Church road station reports no change visible in enemy's lines. At 11 a. m. a train of cars passed into Petersburg on South Side Railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 313. November 19, 1864.

* * * * * * *

2. Brigadier General J. L. Chamberlain, U. S. Volunteers, having reported to the major-general commanding, in compliance with paragraph 20,

