
hole in the roof the second. Then loaded with one of his shell, which went a trifle over, owing to the greater weight, and struck in the water without bursting. Tried another, which passed in at the front door, struck the chimney on the opposite side, burst, and complete filled the building with burning liquid. Just as the fire began to appear through the roof sent another shell, which burst like the previous one, and in an instant almost the whole house was wrapped in flames; the most beautiful sight you ever saw. Would have given the world (or a portion) to have had you here. Used the Tice concussion fuse; it operates to a charm. Major Birney is coming here to-morrow. This is all preparatory to the grand test in presence of the great men. The major expressed himself surprised at the accuracy of our gunners. Colonel, I have great confidence in these shell and in the Tice fuse. Am exceedingly anxious to have you come and judge of their efficacy. Should you be convinced of their superiority over the common shell, would solicit the privilege of using them altogether. It is no humbug. We all thought it was until to-day's practice. Major Birney claims that these shell will burst into more pieces than the common, with much less charge of powder, owing to the gas generated by heating the liquid. Promises to send me Captain Benton's report to prove the matter; shall forward it to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, Va., November 19, 1864.

BRIGADE COMMANDERS:

You will have your commands under arms immediately and ready to move at a moment's notice.

By order of Brigadier-General Foster:

T. ELLERY LORD,Captain, Third Infantry, New York Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, Va., November 19, 1864.

BRIGADE COMMANDERS:

The troops may be dismissed and go to their quarters. The attack was on the Bermuda front, and there is no further apprehension of an attack at present on this line.

By order of Brigadier-General Foster:

T. ELLERY LORD,

Captain, Third Infantry, New York Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

NEW YORK CITY, November 20, 1864-9.30 p. m. (Received 12.25 a. m. 21st.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Dispatches from City Point making it evident that much of Early's force is going to Richmond, I think it advisable to send the Sixth Corps there at once. One division of cavalry should also go unless they can get through to cut the Central road and canal.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

