
CITY POINT, VA., November 20, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

New York:

Our agent, who left Richmond at 5 p. m. last evening, brigs the following information:

Kershaw's division began to arrive in Richmond on Friday afternoon at 4 p. m. Some of it passed through during the night and also yesterday. By the rough calculations of citizens who sedan us the information,, it was supposed that the division amounted to nearly 10,000 men. The fact of its arrival is undoubted. The markets in Richmond yesterday were filled with Kershaw's men, and one of our agents, a marketman, had his stall robbed by them. The troops passed through to the south side. They said themselves that they were going to Chesterfield. Citizens in Richmond, in talking about it, said they were on their way to Longstreet. Their arrival gave rise to considerable discussion in Richmond as to whether Lee expected to attack or be attacked. For two or three days and order has been in force that the Central road would not be open except for military purposes. It is reported in Richmond that the greater part of Sheridan's forces have arrived here; that the first of his regiments began to debark on the north side of the James on Thursday last; that Sheridan himself has remained in the Valley with a small part of his army. Yesterday afternoon it was reported in Richmond that more troops would come from the Valley, but whether this rested upon any authority other than that the order in regard to the Central road is still in force is not known. It was also reported in Richmond that such of Early's men as remain in the Valley were to fall back to Mount Jackson and go into winter quarters there. More torpedoes have been placed in front of Fort Darling.

J. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Secretary of War and Major-General Sheridan.)

FORT MONROE, November 20, 1864. (Received 8.30 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

Several refugees report a mine on the right of Lee's lines, between the Boydton and Jerusalem plank road, to blow a hill to our left in case we occupy it.

SHEPLEY,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, November 20, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following deserters received to-day: Two from Fifth Florida, Finegan's brigade, Mahone's division; one from Tenth Alabama, Forney's brigade, Mahone's division; one from Sixteenth Virginia, Weisiger's brigade, Mahone's division; one from Ninth Florida, Finegan's brigade, Mahone's division; one from Twenty-fourth North Carolina, Ransom's brigade, Johnson's division. No changes in enemy's position. No arrivals from Longstreet's command or any information concerning Kershaw's division.

Very respectfully, you obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

