HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, Va., November 20, 1864.

Brigadier General C. DEVENS,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that your will cause to be thrown up a work in front of your line, on the site and of such form and dimensions as shall be indicated by Lieutenant King, U. S. Engineers. You will se that the second line of abatis is completed, and that it is placed so as not to obstruct the fire from our own works. The abatis already constructed will also be made to satisfy the same conditions, and it will be properly connected with that of the Tenth Corps. The breast-work will be completed across the e ravine to unite with the left of the Tenth Corps. The revetment will be cut off close to the top log, and at an angle of about 450 with the horizon. All huts or other obstructions within about fifteen paces of the line of breast-works will be removed and the ground leveled to admit the free passage of troops or artillery. The stockade commenced by Battery Numbers 1 will be completed, but the ditch dug for it will be filled, and the timber used in reverting the breast-height of the new battery. All engineering tools or materials along the line, not absolutely necessary in carrying out these instructions, will be turned in to Lieutenant King, U. S. Engineers, at these headquarters, and no other engineering operations than those herein mentioned will be commenced until these are completed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, Va., November 20, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM M. McCLURE,Commanding Third Brigade:

I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding to forward the following for your information:

Information has been received from Major-General Butler that he believes that General Early, with his forces, is on our front.

The brigadier-general commanding directs that the officers in command of the pickets keep their men on the alert, and commanding officers of brigades have their commands in readiness for any emergency.

By command of Brigadier General C. A. Heckman:

WM. H. ABEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, November 20, 1864-4.45 p. m.

Brigadier General C. K. GRAHAM,Commanding Bermuda Line:

I am informed that Kershaw's division has arrived in our front. I think that part of it may have gone to yours. Keep good watch and keep me informed of what takes place.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

