HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, November 21, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

In reply to you telegram I send the following just received from General Griffin, corps officer of the day:

The trains were running both wars. A heavy train, evidently a freight train, came into toward Petersburg just before daylight. The others were of a different character and passed frequently. The direction could not always be distinguished and sometimes was not observed. I will keep a special watch for them to-night.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS, November 21, 1864.

Major P. M. LYDIG,Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

MAJOR: Since reporting at headquarters this morning, I have had further conversation with the officers of my own picket-line on duty last night, and learn that the cars within the enemy's lines were not only running early this morning, as I reported to the general, but that they were constantly running during the entire night, stopping frequently at points along the road directly opposite this place. This is an unusual movement, the night before only one train having been heard to pass over the same road. But

few trains have been heard running within the last twenty days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Corps Officer of the Day.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, November 21, 2.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Burlington, N. J.:

All quiet to this hour. A little picket-firing on the Bermuda line last night. Raining very heavily. Roads impossible.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, November 21, 1864-7.50 p. m.

General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

I have no information of any change save what I have communicated by telegraph to the lieutenant-general; that is to say, that Kershaw's division has come in our front and in front of Bermuda. Deserters report nothing else. I have sent you the Richmond papers of to-day, but they have nothing. It is reported, however, that another division from Early is coming in on our extreme right near Darbytown road, but I think it is part of Kershaw's.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

