
the gorge of Fort Harrison to be taken down at once, and had supposed it being done. It would appear from this report that it has not been done. In fact, to make the operations effectual the large traverse and bomb-proof erected by ourselves parallel to the gorge would have come down, and this could hardly be done without revealing our intentions to the enemy, and as Richmond papers universally indicate that they think us preparing for some grand operation on that side, I thought it would be injurious to do anything which would undeceive them. I gave on orders for destroying gorges of small works on the line because, 1st, I thought it would not amount to much anyway, and 2nd, I thought it best wont to do it until the night before evacuation. Major Michie asks four day's notice of intended evacuation. This may or may not be given, but I would the lieutenant-general to understand the state of the case before renewing orders for destruction of gorge of Fort Harrison or other gorges or works.

J. G. B.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, November 22, 1864-11 a. m. (Sent 1.25 p. m.)

Brigadier-General RAWLINS:

I have nothing to report this morning beyond the fact observed last night again of the constant running 9 of trains on the South Side Railroad, reported as before, as apparently going both ways and stopping in the presumed vicinity of the enemy's lines. I am unable to form any judgment from this report as to whether the enemy is re-enforcing his right, or sending away troops. Deserters report no movements, but say it was generally understood Early's troops were all moving back.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

CITY POINT, November 22, 1864. (Received 8.50 p. m.)

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE:

Please order a regiment of colored troops of your command to report to post commander at City Point for fatigue duty, &amp;c., in the quartermaster's department.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, November 22, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Twenty rebel deserters have arrived within our lines and reported at this office to-day. They are from the following commands,

