
viz: Five from Finegan's brigade, seven from Ransom's brigade, three from Lane's brigade, one from MacRae's brigade, one from Wilcox's brigade, one from Wallace's brigade, two from Washington Artillery. They report no recent changes in enemy's position, and assign as the principal reason for coming over the fact of Mr. Lincoln's re-election and no prospect of the war ending. They report the arrival of a part of Early's command at Richmond, but cannot tell whose command it is or what disposition has been made of them. One men who was at Petersburg yesterday learned nothing of their arrival on the south side the Appomattox. Conscripts are coming in slowly. About a week ago Lane's brigade received 300 from North Carolina. A man from Lane's brigade who frequently hears from home, reports that there are 15,000 Federal prisoners at Salisbury, N. C. Captain Paine saw the two artillerymen from whom he elicited considerable information regarding the enemy's works, the number of their forts, number of guns sin them, &amp;c. These men know nothing of the running of cars on the railroads, and all of them came into the lines of the Fifth Corps and Second Corps and Second Division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &c.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, November 22, 1864.

Major FISHER:

Jansen reports three trains as having passed to our left on road beyond Petersburg. Sergeants Jordan and Carothers report all quiet. Sergeant Holman reports a new gun mounted in Fort Clifton. Intercepted messages I will send by orderly.

I. THICKSTUN,Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

STATION AT HICKORY TREE, November 22, 1864.

Major B. F. FISHER:

SIR: I can make nothing of Acting Sergeant Jansen's report of a new railroad in the city. There is an old road running toward rear of Cemetery Hill, in course from city about south, that enemy runs engines over occasionally. In the evening on which he reports discovering new road two engines went down this road toward enemy's right. This I take to be the Weldon railroad, and I think the one he sees.

Very respectfully,

A. C. JORDAN,

Sergeant, Signal Corps.

AVERY'S HOUSE, November 22, 1864.

Major FISHER:

Sergeants Holman and Jordan have not discovered the railroad. I have given them the points where they may see the cars as they pass.

JANSEN.

