
willingly consented thereto, and that I did not insist upon the sending up the James River one of His Majesty's vessels, but because I foresaw in the contrary case insurmountable objections on the part of the authorities who govern at Richmond. It is therefore definitely agreed that the Adonis and the Tisiphone will be employed in that operation, which will be done under the conditions pointed out in my note of the 31st of October. In my note of this day's date I invite Captain Marivault to commence it as soon as possible. You will, then, please go up on the Adonis as far as Aiken's Landing, and thence go to Richmond, where I desire you to use the utmost diligence and to press on your arrangements before some military movement shall again interpose. When all those of our Frenchmen who shall present themselves shall have embarked, if there be a means of causing a few Italian subjects to avail themselves of the same favor, who will have been recommended to you by the Italian consul at Richmond, I authorize you to grant it to them. This matter is understood with the Secretary of State. With regard to your new chancellor, he will receive the necessary pass to rejoin you. Leave him the order at New York, to come here for it so soon as he arrives.

Accept, &amp;c.,

L. DE GEOFFREY.

P. S.-You will be pleased to communicate the papers herewith to Mr. De Marivault.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

LEGATION OF FRANCE TO THE UNITED STATES, Washington, November 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN OF BRIGADE, DE MARIVAULT,

Commanding His Majesty's Steam Corvette Tisiphone, New York:

Mr. COMMANDANT: I have the honor to invite you to set out for James River with the two vessels destined by Admiral Bosse for transporting such of our French subjects as may desire to leave the Confederate territory. As you will see by the correspondence, of which I send a copy to Mr. Paul, and which I beg him to communicate to you, the affair is definitely settled in what concerns the Government at Washington, and the details of its execution remain intrusted to your zeal and prudence, already tested last spring on a like occasion. I will beg you in the instructions, which you will give to the commander of the Adonis, to infuse the like sentiments of circumspection as dictated the dispatch which I had the honor to address to you on the 6th of April last. Now, as then, Mr. Paul will have an understanding with you on all the points. Besides daily relations which you will maintain with the Federal commanders with whom you will be in contact on every incident of importance, it is to Lieutenant-General Grant directly that lieutenant-general notes in his letter that an American officer will be put on board the Adonis. This is for the purpose of serving, should the case happen, as intermediary between the commandant and the officers of chiefs of corps he will meet with, and to aid and guide him through the fleet which he will have to pass by.

Accept, &c.,

L. DE GEOFFREY.

