
there was considerable delay in getting the cars for them. This made it so late that, in connection with the weather, no movement was made. The enemy made no demonstration, after Ayres repulsing them, till 5 p. m., when Gregg was attacked, with what result I have not heard yet. Prisoners were yesterday taken from Anderson's brigade, of Field's division, over sixty of them, proving the presence of that brigade in addition to Wilcox, Heth, and possibly part of Mahone, leaving the balance of Mahone and Johnson to hold the intrenchments. There has been some firing about the Strong house, feeling, I presume, to see if we hold our lines. I have given orders to Parke and Warren to advance at daylight to-morrow and endeavor to effect a lodgment on the Boydton plank road.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Globe Tavern, October 1, 1864-8 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

You have misapprehended the information as to Crawford's front. The enemy first felt his pickets and then were seen to man the rifle-pits and works in his front, which they had before abandoned, probably to take part in the attack on Ayres. Crawford's instructions are to watch their movements and to advance; if he sees any weakening of their lines to attack, otherwise to threaten. As his force only consists of a picket-line and two new undrilled regiments, I directed him to take one of Ferrero's brigades of colored troops, holding the line to his right. These instructions he has for to-morrow, and are, I think, in conformity with the views expressed in your telegram just received.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 1, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

I did [not?] understand the movements of the enemy in Crawford's front. I thought they first threatened our left. Have you heard the result of the attack on Gregg's cavalry yet?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, October 1, 1864-10.15 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I send you a dispatch* just received from General Gregg. The Davis house, where he now is, [is] about three miles south and west from here, on the Vaughan road.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

---------------

*See Gregg to Humphreys, 6.30 p. m., p. 29.

---------------

