
ernment is losing large sums in the depreciation of these horses from this cause. For this there can be no excuse, as there is hay enough in the country. It can only arise from inexcusable remissness somewhere, which need but be brought to your attention to be remedied.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, November 24, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

The steamer Atlantic, Captain Grey, the first transport from Savannah detailed to exchange the 10,000 prisoners, arrived here this a. m., with 664 exchanged, having lost by death on the passage the of their number. Captain Grey reports that the exchange is being proceeded with as well as may be expected. He also reports a great consternation among the inhabitants in consequence of the near approach of Sherman's forces. It is also reported that Macon is burned, and that the Legislature at Milledgeville, Ga., had left with all of the archives of the State; that Sherman was within thirty-five miles of Savannah. I forward herewith some important extracts from Savannah Republican of 21st instant:

PROCLAMATION.

NOVEMBER 18.

To the People of Georgia:

Arise for the defense of your native soil! Rally round your patriotic Governor and gallant soldiers! Obstruct and destroy all roads in Sherman's front, flank, and rear, and his army will soon starve in your midst! Be confident and resolute! Trust in an overruling Providence, and success will crown your efforts. I hasten to join you in defense of your homes and firesides.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

From the Savannah Republican, 21st:

MACON WILL BE DEFENDED TO THE LAST.

MACON, GA., November 18, 1864.

The military authorities are active and vigilant, and every man is under arms and confidence is being restored. The enemy are believed to be on our right, distant about thirty miles. The city will be defended to the last.

G. D. S[HELDON].
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. PROV. DIV., ARMY OF THE JAMES,No. 30. In the Field, Va., November 24, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. The One hundred and fifteenth Regiment New York Volunteers, having reported for duty with this command, is hereby assigned to duty with the Provisional Brigade. The commanding officer of that regiment will report in person to Colonel J. H. Potter, commanding brigade.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Graham:

R. DALE BENSON,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

