HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 25, 1864.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK, Commanding Second Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 2nd instant, calling attention to certain articles in the Philadelphia Inquirer and New York Times of the issue of October 31st ultimo, in your judgment misrepresenting the operations of your command during the recent movement towards the South Side Railroad, was duly received and laid before the commanding general, and a reply has been delayed in the expectation that you would send in a copy of the Times of the date in question, which you stated you would forward as soon as it could be procured. Your letter of the 24th instant, referring to your communication of the 2nd instant, has also been received. I am now instructed by the commanding general to say that if you will cause charges and specifications to be preferred against the correspondent of the Inquirer, his trial upon the same by a military commission will be ordered, it being considered that newspaper correspondents with army are subject to military law, and that they can therefore properly be brought before such tribunals for any incorrect statements they may publish. The commanding general will hereafter make a similar disposition of any complaint of misrepresentation on the part of newspaper correspondents which may be brought to his notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,November 25, 1864 - 8.10 p. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I would like to go to City Point to-morrow and visit the lines on the other side of the river, with the concurrence of the major-general commanding, to be absent all day.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 25, 1864.

Major General G. K. WARREN, Commanding Fifth Corps:

You are authorized by the commanding general to visit City Point and the lines on the other side of the river to-morrow as requested. A car will be on the mail-train for General Meade, who goes to the Point in the morning.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

November 25, 1864 - 8.50 p. m. (Sent 9.10 p. m.)

Major General J. G. PARKE, Commanding Ninth Corps:

The commanding general directs that your order the colored division of the Ninth Corps to proceed to Bermuda Hundred to-morrow morning

