
and report for further instructions to Brigadier General J. W. Turner, chief of staff, headquarters Major-General Butler. The regiments will take with them their regimental transportation. It is expected that Potter's brigade will report to your with as little delay as practicable, after being relieved by the colored troops.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,November 25, 1864.

Brigadier General EDWARD FERRERO,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: In accordance with orders received from headquarters Army of the Potomac the general commanding directs that you move with the colored division to-morrow morning to Bermuda Hundred, and report for further instructions to Brigadier General J. W. Turner, chief of staff, headquarters Major-General Butler. The regiments will take with them their regimental transportation. He requests that your order the two white regiments that have recently reported to take position near Fort Cummings, and that your pickets be relieved by them. He desires also that you leave a small garrison in each of the forts in your front and a small guard over regimental and headquarters camps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. M. LYDIG,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,November 25, 1864.

Colonel H. G. THOMAS,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: You will move with your command promptly at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning on the road to Bermuda Hundred, crossing the Appomattox on the pontoon bridge near Point of Rocks, without waiting for further orders from these headquarters. You will take your transportation with you, which will follow in the rear of your brigade. You will take proper steps to prevent straggling. A staff officer will overtake you before reaching Bermuda Hundred with further instructions. Your pickets will be relieved at 5.30 in the morning and accompany their respective commands. It is expressly desired that the different camps and headquarters be left in as undisturbed a condition as possible. Your brigade will take the lead.

By order of Brigadier-General Ferrero:

GEO. A. HICKS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,In the Field, Va., November 25, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: If they can be possibly spared from Hilton Head, where, at present, it would seem there is no use for them, I would respectfully request that the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Colored Regiment be sent to

