
me. I have no Massachusetts colored regiments in my command, or any regiment the larger portion of which is composed of free negroes instructed in reading and writing. There are many of the private soldiers in that regiment who could be of use in my new colored corps, to be detailed as clerks, company and other. I make this request, as I am endeavoring to have no white men in the corps except the commissioned officers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

November 25, 1864 - 12 p. m. (Received 2.15 p. m.)

Captain G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy:

Assistant Secretary Dana informs me that the needed material will be sent at once to Fortress Monroe - 100. Please see him and add 50.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

November 25, 1864 - 12 m. (Received 2.15 p. m.)

Brigadier-General DYER:

Mr. Dana telegraphs the material for the explosive experiment, a part of which has been ordered, will be sent. Please inform me when it will be at Fortress Monroe, and how much?

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,November 25, 1864 - 9.15 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Major-General Butler directs me to say that he is ready to carry out Special Orders, Numbers 136, from headquarters Armies of the United States. Colonel Potter's brigade is on the Bermuda line, and it being the intention to replace it by the colored troops coming from the Ninth Army Corps, it is necessary to arrange the exchange so that this line may not be weakened. I will relieve Potter's regiments as fast as the colored troops arrive, ar a regiment can be marched from the Bermuda line every morning in exchange for a regiment of colored troops from your command, starting so as to arrive before dark, till the entire exchange is completed, as best suits your position of affairs.

Respectfully,

JNumbers W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

