HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 25, 1864. (Sent 9.15 a. m.)

Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff, headquarters Major-General Butler:

Your dispatch of 8.15 p. m. received. I have issued orders for the division of colored troops to move to-morrow morning and report to you at Bermuda Hundred. Such arrangements as you may think it advisable to make for relieving and sending here Potter's brigade will be satisfactory to me. One of the regiments of colored troops belonging to the division was sent to City Point yesterday in compliance with instructions received from headquarters Armies of the United States.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, November 26, 1864. (Received 3 p. m.)

Major-General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

Only some 150 tons of hay have been received here since the 19th. We have none on hand, and General Butler and others are complaining. I hope you will repeat your order to the forage officer, and compel an increased shipment. I have very frequently reported that this subject is of most pressing importance.

R. INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 26, 1864.

Brigadier General R. DELAFIELD,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army:

In answer to your circular letter of the 21st instant, asking for the names of officers of the Corps of Engineers, now or heretofore connected with this army, who have been mentioned for distinguished and meritorious services, I have the honor to state that I am informed that Major-General McClellan, while commanding the army, forwarded to the War Department a list of recommendations for brevets which included the names of several officers of engineers, but I am unable to say what names were on the list. I presume, however, that the list is on file in the Adjutant-General's Office. So far as I am aware, Major-Generals Burnside and Hooker have made no detailed reports of the operations of the army during the time that they commanded it, or presented any recommendations for brevets. In a letter of recommendation for brevet appointments forwarded by my to the War Department, September 19, 1864, I asked that the brevet of colonel might be conferred upon Major J. C. Duane for meritorious and faithful services in the field in the campaign from the Rapidan to the James, and particularly for distinguished professional services in the operations before Petersburg, the brevet to date August 1, 1864. In a list of recommendations for brevets, forwarded by me on the 24th instant, the names of the following-mentioned officers of engineers were included, viz: Major N. Michler, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for faithful and meritorious services in the field, to date August 1, 1864; Major George H. Mendell (x), to be lieu

