
through Weldon to Georgia last Wednesday, and that the rebels are building railroad from Stony Creek to Danville railroad. Do you account for all of Pickett?

SHARPE,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,October 4, 1864. (Received 10.40 p. m.)

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point:

I have in the front here Field's and Hoke's divisions, Bushrod Johnson's old brigade, City Battalion, and all the local defense troops, also one regiment from each of Pickett's brigades. Thomas is on south side of James, where he has always been. Scales was here, but returned day before yesterday. I think Pickett's brigades are all in our front between Appomattox and James. Shall go to old headquarters in the morning and find out by personal examination of men there not sent here.

JOHN I. DAVENPORT,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp and Assistant Provost-Marshal.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,October 4, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: There have been no movements seen this p. m. excepting about 500 men joined each other in small squads in the vicinity of the Weldon railroad, south-southwest from the lead-works, and moved toward our left at 4.30 p. m. North of the Appomattox forty-five wagons were seen coming toward Petersburg. I have one station near the Pegram house overlooking the enemy's lines in the vicinity of the Boisseau property. This is in charge of the Ninth Corps officer; one is being put up along General Ayres' front. Have not yet located one on the left and rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 4, 1864.

Major B. F. FISHER,

Holman reports all quiet this p. m. He intercepted the following message:

Colonel B[RENT].

Report of observation in front of Steuart's brigade, as follows: Wagons were passing to and fro; one company of infantry drilling in rear of their lower breast-works; one steamer went up the James River with the dredging-machine in tow followed by a small steamer, and stopped at Dutch Gap.

J. B. AND A. C.

(Same to A. B.)

