
tenant-colonel by brevet for gallant and meritorious services during the campaign; Capts, Charles N. Turnbull (x), Franklin Harwood (x), George L. Gillespie (x), William H. H. Benyaurd (x), Charles W. Howell (x), to be majors by brevet for gallant and meritorious services during the campaign. The names marked (x) were in a list presented by Major Duane, chief engineer of this army.

Very respectfully, &amp; c.,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

ARMIES OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND, VA.,

City Point, November 26, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: We have news from Richmond by our special agent, who left there late yesterday afternoon. The attention of our friends in Richmond has been drawn to information most necessary at this time, and they give us strong assurances that up to 3 o'clock of the afternoon of the 24th instant it was quite certain that not a man or a gun had been sent south from General Lee's army. No changes have occurred on the north side of the James, except that Kershaw's division, which is lying in reserve, has been moved down nearer the lines in front of General Butler. Kershaw's wagon train came in from the Valley only yesterday, passed through the city, and is parked at little church, about four miles from the Williamsburg stage road. There were about a hundred wagons in all. Nothing further has come from Early, nor can our friends find any indications of the prospective withdrawal of any more troops from the Valley. All thoughts are directed to the situation in Georgia. The Government, from time to time, claims to have dispatches of a favorable kind, but this is not believed by the community; and our friends send us word, as the best indication of the want of confidence felt, that gold has been steadily rising since Sherman commenced his march, and has now touched the mark of 4,000 per cent. It is, however, quite certain that the rapid publication by the Northern papers of the news from Sherman contained in the Richmond papers has put them on their guard against furnishing us the information with such rapidity. The word is sent to us from a very intelligent source that the weakest point of the enemy's line in front of General Butler is between the Nine-Mile road and the Mechanicsville pike.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, & c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

November 26, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Rebel deserters have been received at this office to-day from the following commands: Four from Fry's brigade, Mahone's division; two from Finegan's brigade, Mahone's division; one from

