
and men will be ascribed the honor of having served their country with unsurpassed fidelity and courage. Conscious that whatever military honor has fallen to me during my association with the Second Corps has been won by the gallantry of the officers and soldiers I have commanded, I feel that in parting from them I am severing the strongest ties of my military life. The distinguished officer who succeeds me is entitled to your entire confidence. His record assures you that in the hour of battle he will lead you to victory.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

No. 45. Before Petersburg, November 26, 1864.

In compliance with and by authority of orders from the headquarters of this army, I assume command of the Second Corps. It is natural that I should feel some diffidence in succeeding to the command of so distinguished a soldier as Major-General Hancock. I can only promise you that I shall try to do my duty and preserve your reputation unsullied, relying upon you to sustain me by that skill and courage which you have so conspicuously displayed on so many fields.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 26, 1864.

Major SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the enemy still keep a large working party busily engaged to the right of the mine. They can be seen carrying lumber and bags filled with something. As they have been to work about the same place nearly two weeks, I am under the impression that it must be something more than ordinary. Another party was also observed to the left of the crater yesterday. Forty-four rounds of ammunition expended by Cooper's mortars with good effect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. HAZARD,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 26, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The assignment of Major-General Humphreys to the command of the Second Corps temporarily, during the absence on leave of the permanent commander, I regard as a direct reflection upon me.

I have the honor to request that I may be at once relieved from my present command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers.

