
and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers to hold their commands in readiness to move at a moment's notice. When these regiments are ordered to move they will take their transportation, camp and garrison equipage, and arrangements to enable them to comply with this order will be made at once. All details from these organizations will be relieved and ordered to rejoin their commands without delay. Stringent orders will also be issued that the camps of these regiments shall remain unmolested, in order that they may be occupied by other troops. The details for picket duty required from your command this p. m. will be made as far as practicable from other organizations than those mentioned.

By command of Brigadier-General Graham:

R. DALE BENSON,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

November 27, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Twelve rebel deserters from the following commands have been received at this office to-day: One from Wise's brigade, two from Gracie's brigade, three from Ransom's brigade, Johnson's division; one from Lane's brigade, Wilcox's division; one from Davis' brigade, Heth's division; three from Weisiger's brigade, Mahone's division; one from Washington Artillery. They report no recent changes in enemy's position, but there is a camp rumor in circulation that Bushrod Johnson's division is to be sent south. No apparent preparations, however, are being made for a move, and there are no indications to confirm the rumor. Contrabands from Sussex County, and those who have lately been working on Weldon railroad, report that the enemy are removing the rails from the road north of Stony Creek Station. These rails are to be used in constructing a branch road from Stony Creek, running through Dinwiddie Court-House to the South Side road. The road has been surveyed, but no grading has been done. These rails are being collected at Stony Creek, and the general supposition is that the branch road will soon be in running order, as everything is in readiness to commence the work. This is also confirmed by a deserter who left Stony Creek yesterday. It is reported that Hampton's cavalry was about moving down to the latter place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. MCENTEE,

Captain, &amp; c.
HDQRS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,November 27, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: The Church road station reports that at 10.30 a. m. a column of about 1,000 infantry passed the fort near the lead-works, going in the direction of Petersburg. No colors could be seen, but it was divided into three detachments as if regiments. No other changes visible along the front of the enemy's right. The stations along the

