
an attempt to draw his revolver, which I anticipated and prevented, when he said as he was under our guns he would submit, and I took him inside our lines without further trouble and sent him under guard to brigade headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. O DUDLEY,

Captain Company C, Eleventh New Hampshire Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Pegram House, Va., November 28, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

Captain Hussey and Lieutenant Durgin, Thirty-second Maine Volunteers, officers of the picket under Captain Dudley, corroborate his statement.

S. G. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 27, 1864 - 12.30 p. m.

Brigadier General D. MCM. GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you send a suitable scouting party toward Stony Creek, with an intelligent officer, to ascertain the position and force of the enemy; the party to leave at early daylight to-morrow. An engineer officer will be sent to accompany the party and examine the roads.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,November 27, 1864.

Colonel J. IRVIN GREGG,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you send a regiment of your brigade on a scout toward Stony Creek Station to ascertain the strength and position of the enemy's force in that vicinity. The officer commanding the regiment sent will be instructed to take the road followed by the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry on a recent scout. Every effort will be made to obtain exact and accurate information. The regiment will start at early daylight to-morrow; an engineer officer from headquarters Army of the Potomac will accompany the regiment. Immediately upon the return of the regiment a report of its operations will be forwarded to these headquarters. If the regiment can cross at Lee's Mill it should pass that point to reach Proctor's on the plank road.

By command of Brigadier-General Gregg:

A. H. BIBBER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

