
FORT BRADY, VA., November 27, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

COLONEL: Have the honor to report that Mr. Birney was here today. Tried a few shots at a house distant about two miles and a half. Struck very near it, but did not set it on fire. The enemy becoming greatly incensed, opened from all their heavy guns, some ten in number, concentrating their fire on my battery. No damage was done, except to knock down one or two of my houses, &amp; c. Should have kept up the fire longer had I deemed it prudent. This revetment, being nearly all torn down, to be rebuilt. Shall have the houses repaired early to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 10TH A. C.,

No. 39. Before Richmond, Va., November 27, 1864.

I. Commanding officers of regiments will hereafter be held responsible for the condition of the abatis and space between the works and abatis in front of their immediate camps. Officers and men are forbidden to go outside the abatis, except on the roads leading through the sally-port. Sentinels on the parapet in front of the different camps will be instructed to arrest all found violating the provisions of this order. The grounds between the work and abatis will be kept well policed, crossings will be constructed for access to the sinks (which must be used), and sentinels will see that no nuisance is committed between the work and abatis.

II. Morning field reports will hereafter have the cause of any changes in "effective force" from day to day noted on the back of the report.

By order of Colonel G. B. Dandy, commanding brigade:

W. D. CRANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FERRERO'S DIV., DEFENSES OF BERMUDA HUNDRED,November 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General TURNER,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Army of the James:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my ammunition and supply train, ambulance and medical train, hospital paraphernalia and medical stores, have been retained in the Ninth Corps. I would respectfully request that they be returned to this command or others furnished in their stead. I would also state that there are a large number of men detailed in the various departments of the Ninth Corps which I desire should be returned as soon as practicable. The Twenty-eighth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, belonging to this command, was ordered on fatigue duty at City Point, Va., a few days since. They are very much needed here, and I would respectfully request that they may be returned at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD FERRERO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

