
tion of any movements on this side of the Appomattox. Some of informants report rumors in camp that Field's division has gone to Georgia; went via Danville railroad three days ago. Others discredit the report. None of informants have had an opportunity to learn anything definite of movements elsewhere than this side of the Appomattox. No reliable news from Sherman. One informant heard, in conversation among a group of officers, that Sherman had left Milledgeville and was on the roads to Charleston, S. C. The statements of these men give every evidence of foreboding and discontent in the rebel ranks. Desertion has become a more general topic of conversation and is openly discussed. Conscripts and returned detailed men swell up the regiments considerably of late. McGowan's brigade has received additions to the number of 300, and now musters 1,600 muskets. Very few regiments found containing over 300 men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

CHURCH ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

November 28, 1864.

Captain DAVIS:

The enemy's camps near Boisseau's property have been increased about one-half the usual number of tents. At 10.30 a. m. a train of twenty-five wagons passed a point on Boydton plank road, 25 degrees west of north, moving westward. Between the hours 11 a. m. and 1 p. m. two small columns of infantry, about 200 in each, passed same point, moving in same direction. No further movements noticed.

VAN B. SLEEPER,

Sergeant, Signal Corps.

AVERY HOUSE SIGNAL STATION,

November 28, 1864.

Major FISHER"

A party of twenty of enemy at work in front line to left of Crater. A small party at word in front and left of Fort Meikel. No change in position. All quiet.

JANSEN.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 28, 1864.

Major B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

Sergeant Holman reports:

No changes observed during the day; enemy building a long fort about a mile southeast of lead-mine; also building breast-works along the river-bank in this front.

Intercepted the following:

DUNN'S - 11.40 a. m.

Colonel B.:

Considerable activity observed this a. m.; troops drawn up in line at winter quarters in open space. The enemy are strengthening their works on Mr. Gilliam's farm. Appearances indicate a movement of troops during the night. One regiment of infantry just passed on road, rear of Mr. Gilliam's, going toward Petersburg. Steamer just came up the river and stopped off Strahan's lower. [Page missing.]

