
The shelling lasted about twenty minutes. The pickets have been firing continually since. Owing to fog I could make no observations on the north side.

R.,

Sergeant.

(Same to A. B.)

2.50

Colonel B.:

One regiment of infantry just passed open space going to front in Chesterfield.

R.,

Sergeant.

(Same to A. B.)

3 P. M.

Major P.:

One train of eleven coaches and five wagons just passed rear of Battery 5, going toward enemy's left. There have passed rear of the same, going toward City Point, twenty wagons.

W.,

Sergeant, at D.

4 P. M.

Colonel B.:

Two companies of infantry just passed open space going to the front in Chesterfield.

(Same to A. B.)

Sergeant Jordan reports a locomotive on South Side Railroad all day. Nothing further observed.

I. THICKSTUN,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

No. 287. Washington, November 28, 1864.

ORDER FOR RAISING AND ORGANIZING A NEW VOLUNTEER ARMY CORPS.

I. That an army corps, to consist of not less than 20,000 infantry and enlisted for not less than one year, to be designated the First Corps, shall be organized in the District of Columbia, commencing the organization on the 1st day of December, 1864, and continuing until the 1st day of January next. The privates to consist only of able-bodied men who have served honorably not less than two years, and therefore not subject to draft; the officers to be commissioned from such as have honorably served not less than two years.

II. Recruits will be furnished transportation to Washington; will be credited to the district in which they or their families are domiciled, and will be paid a special bounty of $300 from the substitute fund upon being mustered into service. Each recruit who preserves his arms to the end of his term may retain them as his own upon being honorably discharged from service.

III. Details of organization will be prescribed by the Adjutant-General. The heads of bureaus will detail competent officers for the prompt examination and organization, arming, equipping, and supplying the corps.

IV. Major-General Hancock is assigned to the command of this corps, headquarters at Washington.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

