SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 322. November 28, 1864.

1. The Two hundredth, Two hundred and fifth, Two hundred and eighth, and Two hundred and eleventh Regiments Pennsylvania Volunteers having reported for duty with this army, pursuant to orders from headquarters Armies of the United States, are assigned to the Ninth Army Corps, and will report to Major General J. G. Parke, commanding, for further instructions.

* * * * * * *

5. The reserve division of the Second Corps will to-morrow morning relieve the First and Second Divisions of the Ninth Corps in the occupation of the portion of the line which they now hold, and those divisions on being relieved will at once proceed to relieve the troops of the Second Corps, now holding the right of this army. The latter, when relieved, will be massed in rear of the left of the army, and on taking up their position the remaining troops of the Ninth Corps will proceed to the right of the line, where they will be held in reserve. Special arrangements will be made hereafter with regard to the exchange of position of the batteries of the two corps.

6. The Second Corps, in moving to the left, will be allowed to take with it forty of its guns, and the necessary arrangements for the replacing of these guns by the guns of the Ninth Corps will be made by the commanders of the two corps.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 28, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Brigadier-General BENHAM, Commanding Engineer Brigade:

There appears to be an attack upon the Bermuda Hundred front. Please hold your command in readiness to move at short notice if it should become necessary.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 28, 1864. (Received 11 a. m.)

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Six deserters from Ransom's, Gracie's, Wise's, and Wallace's brigades, of Johnson's division, came in last night. Nothing new obtained from them.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 28, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

Major-General Gibbon reports that a portion of the gallery on the right of Fort Stedman has caved in, making it impossible to post a

