
make my connection. Since writing the above I learn the lieutenant-general wishes to have the work arranged for in four days with three-foot parapets for redoubts and simple breast-works between, and I shall endeavor to have this done.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT FIFTIETH NEW YORK ENGINEERS,Near Weldon Railroad, October 4, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Meade to bring every available man of my command to the front, and to request that you will furnish a guard for the pontoon trains until the emergency is over. If it will suit you to guard them where they are, and you think they are safe there, I should prefer to let them remain in their present camps, as the corrals are all built there of the security of the animals. Major Ford will consult with you on the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. SPAULDING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Prince George Court-House, October 4, 1864-8.45 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. H. MORGAN,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report all quiet along my line. No enemy seen except one or two scouts last evening. I would state that having been here since Friday morning, and having no relief for my pickets, the men are becoming worn out for want of sleep, and being all recruits are not to be relied upon. My horses have not been unsaddled, except while being groomed, since coming here. I have but one officer beside myself, which, together with the duty and responsibility, make it very fatiguing.

Very respectfully,

J. W. WALSH,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 4, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing new reported from my line at this hour. Three contrabands from Sussex came in this morning. They saw no force of the enemy while on the way. They came up the Norfolk railroad the latter part of the way.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

