
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 28, 1864.

[Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS:]

GENERAL: Your note and its inclosure has just been received. General Meade is perfectly correct in saying I would have made no objection to serving under you as permanent commander of the corps, for he well knows my views in regard to the right of a commander to choose his subordinates. My idea was that in sending any officer to command the corps during the temporary absence of General Hancock, an unusual course was pursued when the next officer was considered competent to the command, and that an unnecessary slight was put upon me, which, from my service in this army, I had no reason to expect. I regret very much that General Meade does not look at the matter in the same light, but my application was not made hastily or without a full consideration of all the circumstances, and further reflection has not served to change my opinion. I, therefore, do not desire to recall my application, and return it herewith.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,No. 302. Deserted House, before Petersburg, Va.,

November 28, 1864.

* * * * * * *

2. Surg. A. N. Dougherty, medical director, having rejoined from a leave of absence, Surg. J. McNulty, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty as acting medical director of the corps, and will resume his duties as surgeon-in-chief of the Fist Division.

* * * * * * *

6. In accordance with special orders from the headquarters Army of the Potomac, the First Division of this corps will withdraw to the rear, out of view of the enemy, before day-light to-morrow morning, and move by the rear line of works, so as to avoid being observed by the enemy, and relieve the First and Second Divisions of the Ninth Corps in the occupation of intrenched line now held by those divisions. None but the baggage wagons will accompany the commands.

By order of Major-General Humphreys:

September CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 28, 1864.

Major HAZARD,

Chief of Artillery, Second Corps:

General Humphreys reports that the new battery of the enemy enfilades his picket-line. I will go down at once. If you cannot meet me at the Jones house I shall go on to your headquarters.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General.

