HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 28, 1864.

General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

The Two hundredth, Two hundred and fifth, Two hundred and eighth, and Two hundred and eleventh Regiments Pennsylvania Volunteers are now on the way to report to you. The commanding general desires that you will report the available strength of those regiments, and the Two hundred and seventh and Two hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Regiments, at the time of joining you, and also whether they join you with the same allowance of transportation that the colored regiments took to the Army of the James.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH CORPS,November 28, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: I have just received the order about shifting positions. I should like to see you in reference to assigning the divisions to their positions. About what time will your division be here to relieve mine on the line? Can we relieve the troops on your line by daylight? Do you propose moving your headquarters to-morrow? I presume it would be best for us to move our headquarters at the same time. Will you please have steps taken to prevent the men from burning and destroying quarters, stables, &amp; c.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,November 28, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward report* concerning the capture of Roger A. Pryor, private Third Virginia Cavalry. Your telegram of yesterday informs me that the commanding general disapproves of retaliatory acts not directed by himself or superior authority. In reply I wish respectfully to state that no orders have been issued directing that any acts be committed in retaliation for the arrest of Captain Burrage, but I wish to add that the arrest of Roger A. Pryor under the circumstances has my hearty approval, as I have reasons to believe that this is not the first time of his visiting our line, a previous visit being made under an assumed name.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* See Dudley to Wilkins, November 27, p. 722.

---------------

