HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 28, 1864.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: My reserve division will begin to move to you about daylight. I shall send artillery enough with it to occupy your works, so that you bring all your artillery. I am authorized to take with me forty guns; of these, ten guns will come from the rear works. Colonel Hazard, chief of artillery, will ride over early to-morrow to see your chief of artillery. You cannot relieve my troops by daylight, except an inconsiderable portion to the left of Fort Davis. There are 1,500 men on picket along the intrenchments which must be relieved about sunset and before the firing begins. There are besides 500 men picketing the river nearly to the pontoon bridge. You had better send staff officers to-morrow or your division commander had better send them to General Mott and General Gibbon to learn precisely how their troops are arranged in the intrenchments. I will send you to-morrow a tabular statement of the number occupying the inclosed works. I will not move my headquarters until day after to-morrow morning. You had better come over with your troops and pitch a temporary camp, your headquarters near mine, and then change. I suppose your troops will move by roads to the rear out of view, and the picket force move up to the intrenchments by hidden roads, so far as it is practicable. General Mott is at Jones' house; General Gibbon is at Friend's house.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,November 28, 1864.

Brigadier General S. G. GRIFFIN,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: By orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, the reserve division of the Second Corps will, to-morrow morning, relieve the two divisions of this corps, which will proceed at once to relieve the two divisions of the Second Corps, a position on the right of the army. No hour is indicated in the order. You will have your command in readiness to move in the morning at whatever hour relieved.

By command of Brigadier-General Potter:

SAML. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Bvt. Brigadier General John I. Curtin.)

CITY POINT, VA., November 28, 1864 - 10,30 a. m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Fortress Monroe:

Will you be at Fort Monroe to-morrow? If so, I will meet you and the admiral there at 3 p. m.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

