
will relieve your division and that of General Mott's in the intrenchments you now hold. I have notified General Parke, commanding the Ninth Corps, of the hour at which your pickets are relieved and have requested him to have his pickets here at that hour to relieve yours, and have requested him to send staff officers during the day to see you and learn how your troops and pickets are posted, so that they may be relieved readily (the troops) as soon as it is dark. General Parke knows what part of the line you hold. As fast as your division is relieved you will withdraw it to the rear, out of view of the enemy, in the vicinity of the Norfolk road, and at 8.30 a. m. will follow General Mott's division on the roads near the rear line of intrenchments and mass your division in some convenient place for camping on the left of the Third Division, who will encamp along the rear line of intrenchments from Fort Cummings to Fort Siebert. The general position you will occupy will be indicated to you before you reach the ground. You will put out a line of pickets connecting with Mott on your [right] and the Fifth Corps on your left. If the Fifth Corps have no pickets there, you will extend yours to the Weldon railroad. There are cavalry pickets posted in front of where your line of pickets will be. Your baggage wagons and such ambulances as are necessary for carrying the sick in quarters will move with the division. Further instructions respecting the positions of your baggage wagons in moving will be sent you. The trains will be moved under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the corps. You will be advised of their movement, position to be occupied, &amp; c.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 29, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICERS SECOND AND THIRD DIVISIONS:

SIR: The commanding general desires that you will report the fact to these headquarters when your troops are relieved from the intrenchments and concentrated in the rear at the points indicated in the instructions of this day. The supply trains will be moved to-morrow to the left, under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the corps. The hospitals will be moved under the direction of the chief medical officer of the corps. In moving to-morrow each division will be followed by its baggage wagons.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,November 29, 1864.

Brevet Major-General MOTT,

Third Division, Second Army Corps:

GENERAL: As soon as Brigadier-General Miles relieved the First and Second Divisions of the Ninth Corps, they will move this way, and tonight will relieve your division and that of General Gibbon in the

