
intrenchments you now hold. I have notified General Parke, commanding Ninth Corps, of the hour at which the pickets are relieved, and have requested him to have his pickets here at that hour in order to relieve yours, and to send staff officers during the day to see you and learn how your troops and pickets are posted, so that they may be relieved readily (the troops) as soon as it is dark. General Parke knows what part of the line you hold. As fast as your division is relieved, you will draw it to the rear, out of view of the enemy, and at sunrise to-morrow morning will march it by the roads near the rear lines of intrenchments to the vicinity of the Peebles house, and encamp it about where the Third Division of the Ninth Corps is now camped - along the rear line between Fort Cummings and Fort Siebert. The Third Division of the Ninth Corps are to move out upon your arrival there. You will post a line of pickets connecting with the left of those of the First Division and covering your front. Cavalry pickets are posted in front of where your line of pickets will be. Your baggage wagons and such ambulances as are necessary for carrying the sick in quarters will move with the division. Further instructions respecting the position of your baggage wagons in moving will be sent you. The trains will be moved under the directions of the chief quartermaster of the corps. You will be advised of their movement, position to be occupied, &amp; c.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General of Volunteers.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,

November 29, 1864.

In accordance with orders from superior headquarters this division will be relieved as soon after dark as practicable by troops of the Ninth Corps. As fast as each brigade of this division is relieved it will be withdrawn to the rear, out of view of the enemy, and massed near the Southall house, and at sunrise to-morrow morning will march by the road near the rear line of intrenchments and encamp along the rear line between Fort Cummings and Fort Siebert. No wagons, except baggage wagons and the ambulances necessary for carrying the sick in quarters, will move with troops. Brigade commanders will take the necessary precautions to prevent quarters, stabling, & c., being burned or destroyed on their commands leaving them. A staff officer from each brigade headquarters will report to Major J. Willian, assistant inspector-general of this division, at 2 p. m. this day at these headquarters, who will designate the place that each brigade will occupy tonight.

By command of Brevet Major-General Mott:

J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,

November 29, 1864.

The brevet major-general commanding directs that brigade commanders report to these headquarters when their troops are relieved from the intrenchments and concentrated in the rear, as indicated in this morning's circular. The supply train will be moved to-morrow to

