
[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 29, 1864 - 10.30 p. m.

General MEADE:

I forward this communication and paper to you. I think the withdrawal of the picket-line does not mean much. The pickets are still at the Bailey house, which is their main line.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,November 29, 1864 - 8 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: I have received your telegram of last night, and also a tabular statement of strength of garrisons. The two divisions of this corps that are to relieve General Gibbon's and General Mott's divisions are of almost equal strength in number of muskets. Would the present division of the line between Gibbon and Mott be fair between Willcox and Potter? In other words, are the divisions of Mott and Gibbon equal in number of muskets? If not, what change would you propose, or where should be the dividing line between the two divisions?

Respectfully, yours,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 29, 1864.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 28th instant, inclosing the report of Captain H. O. Dudley, Eleventh New Hampshire Volunteers, of the circumstances attending the capture of Private Roger A. Pryor, Third Virginia Cavalry, has been laid before the commanding general. Paragraph 6, of Special Orders, Numbers 157,* of June 9, 1864. from these headquarters, copy herewith, in relation to intercourse with the enemy, was furnished at its date to all corps commanders, and its closing sentence requires such commanders to see that unauthorized communication with the enemy is no longer permitted. The conduct of Captain Dudley, on the occasion in question, being gin direct disregard of the order cited is disapproved by the major-general commanding, and he regrets that it should have met with your approval. In view of the manner in which Private Pryor approached the pickets, his object evidently being to effect an exchange of newspapers, the commanding general considers that he should have been warned off; but as it appears that he has heretofore visited our lines, and in one instance under an assumed name, he will now be detained as a prisoner of war. Deserters, refu-

---------------

* See Vol. XXXVI, Part III, p. 711.

---------------

