
CITY POINT, November 30, 1864 - 11.40 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

I am just in receipt of news from Savannah to the 26th. Augusta papers announce the approach there of Hampton's cavalry. It also gives the following dispatch:
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,November 24, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Augusta:

Please insert this in all papers in Augusta: "All men of my command now in Georgia will rendezvous forthwith in Augusta, and those in South Carolins at Columbia and await orders."

WADE HAMPTON.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 30, 1864 - 12 m

Major-General MEADE:

Try to ascertain how much force Hampton has taken from here with him. He has gone himself beyond doubt. If the enemy has reduced his cavalry force much, we must endeavor to make a raid upon the Danville road. Bragg has taken most of the troops from Wilmington to Georgia, which will aid an expedition which I have ordered from New Berne to cut the Weldon road south of the Roanoke River.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 30, 1864 - 12 m. (Sent 12.10 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Deserters this morning report that all the dismounted cavalry, about 1,000 in number, have been sent to Georgia, it being understood they were to be remounted there. No other part of the cavalry force has gone, so far as our information extends. It is probable Hampton has been sent to organize these and other mounted troops, he coming from that section of country. Gregg's scouting party returned day before yesterday, having gone within two miles of Stony Creek, bringing back some few prisoners, contrabands, and refugees, and capturing six wagons loaded with wheat. From these persons it was learned that the cavalry occupied their old positions, the main body at Dinwiddie Court-House. No departure of any troops south was reported. All is quiet on the lines. The exchange of position between the Ninth and Second Corps will be accomplished to-day.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

November 30, 1864 - 2 p. m. (Received 3 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The best way, in my judgment, to ascertain whether Hampton has taken away any considerable part of his force will be to send Gregg's cavalry over toward Dinwiddie Court-House and make them develop

