HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, October 4, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

All is quiet along my lines. Picket-firing continuous at the north-west angle of our picket-line. I have details at work on the redoubts at Pegram's and Clements' house, and I have furnished Captain Harwood, U. S. Engineers, with details for work on the rear line.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 4, 1864-9.15 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

General Gregg is now here and desires to know if there are any changes in his orders. He wishes to establish a camp so that his regiments, not on duty, may unsaddle. His picket-line is established on the road leading to Hawks', in sight, and within carbine shot of the enemy's works, down the Squirrel Level road to its intersection with the Vaughan road at Wilkinson's, with vedettes in front of Squirrel Level road; pickets toward Dinwiddie and Reams' Station. The cavalry not on picket to be posted at J. Davis', the intersection of the Wyatt and Vaughan roads, where the ground is sufficiently open to make camps and unsaddle. j. Davis' is about one mile and a half from Poplar Spring Church. Please answer, so that he may establish his camp as soon as possible in order that he may relieve and unsaddle the horses not on duty.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 4, 1864-10.20 a. m.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

Your dispatch concerning General Gregg is received. The part respecting picket-line was not clear, and I have asked the telegraph operator to repeat it. The general-disposition of this force, as proposed by General Gregg, is approved by the commanding general, and General Gregg will carry out his proposition.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to General Gregg.)
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 4, 1864. (Received 3.30 p. m.)

General HUMPHREYS:

The firing was occasioned by the enemy making a dash on our pickets to take a house northwest from the Pegram house. Our men were driven back, but the line has been re-established. The artillery firing was mainly our own guns.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

