HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

November 30, 1864 - 5 p. m.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The scout captured this a. m. by General Gregg's command has just been forwarded. He is from the Jeff. Davis Legion, Butler's brigade. In my conversation with him I have learned beyond a doubt that General Wade Hampton was in camp (near Burgess' Mill) on the 27th instant, and that his wife was with him on a visit. Hampton has a son, lately wounded, in Hood's army, now at home in South Carolina. The prisoner will not answer directly as to whether or no any of Hampon's cavalry has been sent to Georgia, but I am led to believe from his replies that it has not gone; certainly, General Hampton was here four days ago.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,November 30, 1864.

Major FISHER:

The following is Holman's report, which was mislaid last night:

All quiet this p. m. The enemy are still fortifying this front. The following has been intercepted:

"STEUART'S FRONT - 9.20 a. m.

"Colonel B[RENT]:

"I heard firing at intervals during the night. I noticed a small increase in the tents of Battery C. Several tents were down to the left of Battery A. I noticed a relief picket going in the opposite direction from what they were yesterday. Wagons were passing, but in no heavy trains. Steamer just come up the river and stopped off Strahan's lower landing.

"R.,

"Sergeant.

("Same to A. B.")

"10.45 A. M.

"Colonel B[RENT]:

"Considerable increase in camps below Point of Rocks. Two steamers and one schooner off Strahan's lower landing. One gun-boat and one transport above Port Walthall.

"R.,

"Sergeant.

("Same to A. C.")

"11.45 A. M.

"Major P.:

"One train of seventeen coaches, tops loaded with troops, just passed rear of Battery 5, going toward enemy's left.

"W.,

"Sergeant, at D."

"2.50 P. M.

"Major P.:

"There have passed rear of Battery 5, going toward enemy's left, two trains, one of nine box-cars and six coaches. No troops visible. One ambulance and twenty-nine wagons in rear of same battery going toward City Point. One train of eight coaches, seventeen wagons, and one ambulance. The camp on hill, rear of Battery 5, has disappeared.

"W.,

"Sergeant, at D."

