
"STEUART'S FRONT - 3.45 p. m.

"Colonel B.:

"The skirmishing still continues - the usual drilling. Thirty-two wagons passed up the river and forty down. At 2 p. m. Battery F opened fire on our line and is still firing.

"R.,

"Sergeant, at C.

("Same to C.")

"4.15 P. M.

"Major P.:

"One train of nine coaches, crowded with troops, just passed rear of Battery 5, going toward enemy's left.

"W.,

"Sergeant, at D."

Very respectfully,

J. C. PAINE,

Captain.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 44. November 30, 1864.

Recent occurrences make it necessary for the major-general commanding to direct the attention of this army to the orders now in force prohibiting intercourse with the enemy, and he republishes for general information the following extract from Special Orders, Numbers 157, of June 9, 1864, from these headquarters, a strict observance of which will be required hereafter:

No communication will be held with the enemy, unless specially authorized from these or superior headquarters, or except so far as may be necessary to properly receive a flag of truce coming from the enemy's lines. All other communication is strictly prohibited, whether by means of conversation, signals, or otherwise, or by an interchange of newspapers or commodities. Corps commanders will see that the unauthorized intercourse with the enemy, which it is known has from time to time taken place, notwithstanding the reiterated others upon the subject, is no longer permitted.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 30, 1864. (Received 8.50 a. m.)

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

By 3.40 a. m. the Second and Third Divisions of this corps were relieved in the intrenchments by two divisions of the Ninth Corps and massed well to the rear. The artillery of the corps to be withdrawn from the intrenchments had also been relieved and parked to the rear preparatory to moving by that hour. The pickets of Colonel McAllister's brigade, Mott's division, had been relieved by a new detail before the pickets of the Ninth Corps got to the ground. They will be relieved by the Ninth Corps this evening. The enemy opened their artillery upon the picket details moving up to relieve the old pickets.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

