HEADQUARTERS NINTH CORPS,November 30, 1864 - 10.40 a. m.

General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that the First and Second Divisions are in position along the line, having relieved two divisions of the Second Corps. The Provisional Brigade has not yet arrived. I understood that Colonel Potter, of the Twelfth New Hampshire, was to come with these six regiments from General Butler's command. Colonel Potter has not reported. I should like to know as soon as possible whether he is coming or not, it being important in the organization of the division.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,November 30, 1864 - 10.45 a. m.

General WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

My reserve division is made up of six new regiments. I wish to camp these so that they can be drilled. I would, therefore, respectfully suggest that the works from Fort Stevenson to Fort Bross be garrisoned or guarded by dismounted cavalry.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 30, 1864. (Sent 11.37 a. m.)

General J. G. PARKE, Commanding Ninth Corps:

Your two dispatches of this morning received. The commanding general directs that two of your reserve regiments be encamped on the left of the Jerusalem plank road, two in your center, and two on your right. It is not practicable to send dismounted cavalry to Forts Stevenson and Bross, as suggested by you. You need not, however, occupy those works by more men than are necessary to keep them in order. Garrisons in them, sufficient for their defense against an attack, are not at this time required. The commanding general does not know when Colonel Potter may be expected, but arrangements for the command of your reserve division will soon be made here.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,November 30, 1864 - 3.55 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

In your dispatch of this a. m. the commanding general desires that two of my reserve regiments be posted on the left of plank road. I had intended camping them along the railroad just to the right of Fort Prescott. Will you please ask the commanding general if it will answer to camp these regiments in that position instead of on the left plank road.

JNO . G. PARKE,

Major-General.

