HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 30, 1864 - 5.20 p. m.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

In answer to your dispatch of 3.55 p. m. I am instructed by the commanding general to say that he is not particularly desirous that the two regiments in reserve on your left should be on the left of the Jerusalem plank road. He only wishes them to be in such a position that they can readily support your left if necessary, and this condition would seem to be fulfilled by posting the regiments near Fort Prescott, as proposed by you.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 9TH A. C.,

Numbers 34. Near Petersburg, Va., November 30, 1864.

1. In obedience to orders of the brigadier-general commanding the division, the following disposition of the regiments comprising this brigade will be made:

2. The Thirteenth Ohio Cavalry will hold the line from the right where its right now rests to Battery Numbers 5, and will garrison Battery Numbers 5.

3. The First Michigan Sharpshooters will occupy the line to the right of Fort McGilvery.

4. The Fiftieth Pennsylvania will garrison Fort McGilvery. If there is not sufficient room in the fort to quarter the whole number, the surplus will encamp in the ravine in rear of the fort near old Battery Numbers 8.

5. The Forty-sixth New York Veteran Volunteers will hold the line between Fort McGilvery and Battery Numbers 9.

6. The Twentieth Michigan will garrison Battery Numbers 9, with one company in the apron on the left of the battery.

7. The Second Michigan will occupy the works from the left of the Twentieth Michigan to the angle of the works between Batteries Nos. 9 and 10.

8. The Sixtieth Ohio will be held in reserve, and will encamp on the ground formerly occupied by the headquarters of Colonel Murphy, a little distance in rear of Forth McGilvery.

9. The necessary changes of position by the regiments will be made immediately after dark this evening.

By command of Lieutenant Colonel B. M. Cutcheon:

THOS. MATHEWS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Jones' House, Va., November 30, 1864.

Major P. M. LYDIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the disposition of the troops of my command: Fort Meikel, Fifty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers and Fifty-first New York Volunteers, 225 men;

