
in rear of Fort Meikel, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, 152 men; Fort Rice, Thirty-sixth Massachusetts volunteers, 289 men; in rear of Fort Rice, Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, 342 men; Fort Sedgwick, Seventh Rhode Island Volunteers and Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, 717 men; in rear of Fort Sedgwick, Thirty-ninth New Jersey Volunteers, 815 men; Fort Davis, Seventeenth Vermont Volunteers, Thirty-first Maine Volunteers, and Fifty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, 692 men; between Forts Davis and Hays, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers and One hundred and eighty-sixth New York Volunteers, 965 men; Fort Hays, Ninth New Hampshire Volunteers and Thirty-second Maine Volunteers, 308 men; between Fort Hays and Battery 24, Sixth New Hampshire Volunteers and Second Maryland Volunteers, 268 men; Battery 24, Eleventh New Hampshire Volunteers, 193 men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 30, 1864.

Brigadier General D. MCM. GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you draw in all your pickets (except those from the left of the army to the Halifax road), concentrate all your available force, and make a reconnaissance in the direction of Dinwiddie Court-House, with a view of ascertaining whether any portion of Hampton's cavalry has gone south, as reported; also, to ascertain if the enemy are building a railroad from Stony Creek through Dinwiddie, and if so, you will destroy it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,

November 30, 1864.

This command will move at 3.30 a. m. to-morrow, in the following order: First, Second Brigade; second, First Brigade; third, ambulances; fourth, Third Brigade. The command will follow the road leading via McCann's to Lee's Mill, thence to plank road, and southward on that road to the road leading to Stony Creek. A small camp guard will be left in regimental camp. Each battery will take with it two caissons. The other caissons will be parked in rear of the line of camps. No wagons or other vehicles will be allowed, save the proper number of ambulances. The usual amount of ammunition will be carried by each trooper.

By command of Brigadier-General Gregg:

A. H. BIBBER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

