
and have your brigade in readiness to move to-morrow at 4 a. m. Your regiments will be supplied with one days' forage and their rations. Your brigade will return to its present camp.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. BIBBER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 30, 1864 - 4.30 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

I have files of Augusta and Savannah papers sent me by Colonel Mulford, from which I gather that Bragg has gone to Georgia, taking with him what I judge to be most of the forces from about Wilmington. It is therefore important that Weitzel should get off during his absence, and if successful in effecting a landing, he may, by a bold dash, also succeed in capturing Wilmington. Make all the arrangements for his departure, so that the Navy will not be detained one moment for the Army. Did your order Palmer to make move proposed yesterday? It is important that he should do so without delay.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,ARMY OF THE JAMES,

In the Field, November 30, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: Orders will go down to-morrow to General Palmer to make the move of which we spoke. I have been busy all day endeavoring to ascertain the truth as to the movement of troops from here. Deserters say that Field's, Hoke's, and Kershaw's divisions have all moved, each going a different way but gone toward Petersburg. My signal officer reports a train of six cars loaded with troops, and six open cars loaded with artillery, passing from Petersburg toward Richmond to-day. I am inclined to believe that the movement is of Hoke's division to Petersburg only, because of a difficulty and a very angry discussion which has sprung up between Hoke and Field in regard to their failure at Battery Harrison on the 30th of September last, which appeared in the Richmond papers, and that Kershaw is to take Hoke's place here. We have had literally no deserters for two days. We have nearly perfected the plan of organization of the corps. With your leave I will be down in the morning for the necessary orders. I have spared everything I can from the hospital and other boats in the department to move troops. The Navy shall not wait for me a single hour, and we will make the push if it is possible.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., November 30, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

I shall be at headquarters to-morrow, and will be glad to see you here.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

