
These incidents created in the mind of the undersigned the impression that the regiment was put though a number of most strange and harassing maneuvers and evolutions solely by Colonel Kiddoo's orders, and that we finally failed in taking the enemy's works through our colonel's mismanagement; and the most charitable conclusion we can come to is, that, being under the influence of liquor, what he gained in courage as the day wore on and evening set in to all appearances he certainly lost at an increased ratio in judgment and discretion. We have been thus, in obedience to your request, explicit in giving details and incidents, which though they may be considered trifles in themselves, when taken in connection with the whole day's experience, become as straws floating with the wind, and created with staff officers, whose duties brought them in contact with Colonel Kiddoo during that day, the same impression they did with the undersigned; and now most respectfully submit our statement, and with it our complaint to be judged upon its own merits.

In conclusion, we beg you to assure the major-general commanding that it is with a feeling akin to regret, sorrow, and personal mortification that we approached this subject, and that nothing short of a stern duty, which we owe to a common cause, the men under our charge, and to the honor of our regiment, could have ever prompted us to do so. It may not be amiss to state here, that Captain McKey's signature is missing under this communication, he being one of the signers of the first paper, owing to his being on leave of absence. Conscious that we have, mortifying though it was, done or attempted nothing in preferring this complaint but what we hold to be our duty, and offering to the major-general commanding our heartfelt thanks for the kind attention shown to our supposed grievances, we have the honor to be,

Very respectfully, your obedient servants,

A. P. MOREY,

Captain, Twenty-second Colored Troops.

ARTHUR MARKS,

Captain, Twenty-second Colored Troops.

LEVI GRAYBILL,

Captain, Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops.

WM. W. BURKE,

Captain, Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops.

C. F. EICHACKER,

Captain, Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops.

WM. D. MILLIKEN,

First Lieutenant, Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,In the Field, November 30, 1864.

Brigadier General I. N. PALMER,

Commanding District of North Carolina:

GENERAL: Information has got to me that the enemy in small force - less than 500 men - are fortifying Rainbow Bluff, twenty miles up the Roanoke above Plymouth. Admiral Porter suggests, upon the information that he has from the naval officer commanding those waters, that a conjunct expedition of the Navy and Army would easily capture that poind and hold it, and that it is of very great importance that we should do so. Therefore, I propose that you shall make the

