
CITY POINT, December 1, 1864.

JOHN C. BABCOCK, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Agent left Richmond yesterday afternoon, up to which time no troops had been sent south and no military movement whatever had taken place. There was constant expectation of an attack from us. Our friends have no news from Georgia other than that contained in the newspapers, which puts Sherman's advance three days ago at Waynesborough, on the railroad from Augusta to Millen.

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

(Same to Lieutenant Davenport, General Butler's staff.)
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,December 1, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE, Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The Church road station reports:

Between the hours of 11 a. m. and 12 m. three detachments of the enemy's infantry, about 200 in each, passed a point 20 degrees west of north, moving westward on the Boydton plank road. A small party at work upon the fortifications near Boisseau property. Rather more than the usual number of wagons seen moving in both directions upon the Boydton plank road.

The other stations report all quiet and no changes. The following intercepted messages are forwarded, with the belief that they ar spurious:

I am informed that General S. is going to join Beauregard. I am anxious to go with him, and he is willing to take me if you will give your consent.

R.,

Sergeant.

Have received answer to dispatch to Major M. He is willing to assign me to your command, with the consent of Secretary of War. The papers have been forwarded for his approval.

R.,

Sergeant.

They were taken from station on left bank of the Appomattox.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,December 1, 1864.

Major B. F. FISHER, Chief Signal Officer:

The following message has been received:

CHURCH ROAD SIGNAL STATION - 10 a. m.

Captain DAVIS:

During last night the enemy have thrown up a new line of rifle-pits, about 200 yards in advance of their old line and extending from their immediate front of the Boisseau property about a half mile through an open field to our right and nearly parallel to their old line of pits. The new pits are occupied this a. m.

SLEEPER,

Sergeant.

Respectfully,

CLARKE,

Signal Officer.

