HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 4, 1864-12 m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry:

The commanding general directs that you send a detachment of 200 cavalry to relieve major Walsh, commanding cavalry detachment, from provost-marshal-general's command, who it at Prince George Court-House, watching the Norfolk stage road and roads from Prince George Court-House. The commanding officer of the detachment will report to Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, headquarters at Deserted House, back of Avery house.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 4, 1864.

Brigadier General D. McM. GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I answer to your letter of this morning I have the honor to state that the following are the regiments, their strength, present for duty, and their present armament, of the four regiments of dismounted cavalry now with this army serving as infantry, viz: Second New York Mounted Rifles, Ninth Corps-present for duty, 16 officers, 239 enlisted men, armed with Springfield muskets, equipped as infantry; Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry, Ninth Corps-present for duty, 10 officers, 334 enlisted men, armed with Star carbines, equipped as infantry; Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry, Fifth Corps-present for duty, 21 officers, 632 enlisted men, armed with muskets; Thirteenth Ohio Cavalry, Ninth Corps-present for duty, 6 commissioned officers, 357 enlisted men, armed with Springfield muskets, equipped as infantry. It will be well for the ordnance officer of your division to make the necessary requisitions for the armament and equipment of these four regiments. The regiments will be sent to the Dismounted Camp whenever you report that you are ready to receive them, or any of them. They are now holding positions in the line, and it is desirable that they should not be withdrawn until you are prepared to remount and equip them as cavalry.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Varina, October 4, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Telegram received.* All quiet in my lines. Have moved my headquarters near Varina. Have a good wharf at Varina to land horses. Should be pleased to have you ride up and visit us. Can show you a new rebel line which shows we were not a moment too soon. Ought we not to make that move before Early gets up?

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Grant to Meade and Butler, beginning-I have changed my mind, p. 69.

---------------

