
canvas or repairs to the old. I shall send this train to be stored at Norfolk for the present. The Tenth Army Corps brought with it from the Department of the South the following bridge material, which is now in use by and in charge of the Army of the James, viz: Parts of trains Nos. 7 and 11. These were formerly canvas trains, and while in the Department of the South thirty-three surf-boats were made for use in the trains. Train Numbers 7 consists of twenty-five canvas boats, without wagons or harness. Train Numbers 11 consists of thirty-three surf-boats, with wagons and harness for eleven boats. There is also a part of a rubber pontoon train which came from the Department of the South, which is wholly unserviceable, as the boats leak very badly. I transmit herewith Captain Lyon's "account* of pontoon material received, on hand, and expended," which gives all information, except with regard to the material sent to the various bridges from the depot. This latter is shown in the accompanying account of issues to bridges for months of May, June, July, August, September, and October. A great portion of this material is still on hand, such as oils, white lead, rope, &amp;c., but the exact amount cannot be ascertained without getting an account of stock at each of the bridges. The bridge at Deep Bottom, although fully supplied by General Benham at first, has drawn on my depot for material to keep up its efficiency. The expenditures for the bridge across the Appomattox look large, but it must be remembered that the bridge was 875 yards long, the major length requiring bridge material. I am not prepared at present, owing to my many duties, to suggest any changes or give the result of observations to make them more efficient. I shall, whenever I have the opportunity, direct my attention to this subject and submit my remarks to your consideration.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER S. MICHIE,

First Lieutenant, U. S. Engineers, Brevet Major, U. S. Army,

and Chief Engineer Department of Virginia and North Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 1, 1864 - 8.30 a. m. (Sent 9 a. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Gregg will make a movement toward Stony Creek Depot to-day. I wish you would hold your two available infantry divisions in readiness to move in case of emergency.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 1, 1864. (Received 10.40 a. m.)

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Sixteen men of the Sixty-first New York, First Division, deserted from the picket-line before 12 o'clock last night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

