HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,December 2, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The plank road station reports about 300 infantry moved from woods a little to the left of lead-works and disappeared in vicinity of large fort west of Weldon railroad. Church road station reports three detachments, several hundred in each, going westward upon the Boydton plank road.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

CHURCH ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

December 2, 1864 - 3.40 p. m.

Captain DAVIS:

There is a column of the enemy's infantry, preceded by twenty-seven ambulances and eight wagons, moving in direction of Petersburg on the Cox road. The column was in light marching order; marched well closed; displayed eleven colors and was thirty minutes in passing a point 30 degrees west of north from this station.

VAN. B. SLEEPER,

Sergeant, Signal Corps.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,December 2, 1864.

Lieutenant W. S. STRYKER,

Adjutant Signal Corps, Army of the Potomac:

The enemy are practicing all the p. m. with new mortars. No change.

JORDAN.

Enemy has three mortars in position on Cemetery Hill from which they shelled our camps in rear and right of Battery Morton. Morton replied. Enemy has thrown up a rifle-pit, beginning at a work between front and rear line to left of lead-works and running to rear line, facing northeast. All quiet.

JANSEN.

At 10 a. m. about 300 infantry moved from works about 100 yards left of lead-works and disappeared in vicinity of large fort. Could not tell where they went.

CAROTHERS.

All quiet in this front this p. m. I think the message forwarded at 10.25 a. m. was practice between the stations. The following was intercepted:

"STEUART'S - 2 p. m.

"No change has been observed since last report. The enemy's artillery opened on our lines at 10 a. m. and have been firing rapidly since. Our guns replied immediately. The shooting was as close as possible.

"R.,

"At C."

HOLMAN.

Respectfully forwarded.

J. C. PAINE,

Captain.

