
Sergeant Holman intercepted one or two rebel messages, but they are unimportant, merely a report of the number of trains having passed up and down, and of some infantry seen drilling near Battery A.

J. C. PAINE,

Captain.

WALTHALL SIGNAL STATION,

December 3, 1864 - 5 p. m.

Captain PAINE:

No change has been observed during the day. The following has been intercepted:

STEUART'S FRONT - 11 a. m.

Colonel B[RENT]:

Steamer just come up the river and stopped at Strahan's lower landing. One company of infantry just passed open space going toward front in Chesterfield. Gunboat above Port Walthall.

R.,

At C.

(Same to A. B.)

FRONT OF DUNN'S - 2 p. m.

Colonel B[RENT]:

Sharpshooting still going on. Negro troops still on this front; forty wagons passed up the river toward Fort Harrison and thirty-one down. At 12 m. 250 infantry passed up the river. Five companies of infantry drilling in rear of Battery A. Enemy still strengthening their works.

R.,

Sergeant, at C.

(Same to A. B.)

3.35 P. M.

Major P.:

I report there has passed rear of Battery 5, going toward enemy's left, four trains of cars, nineteen wagons, and thirty cattle. Rear of same battery going toward City Point, two trains of cars and fifteen wagons. The cars had scattering soldiers on them.

W.,

At D.

STEUART'S FRONT - 3.40 p. m.

Colonel B[RENT]:

No change noticed since last report. One regiment of infantry just passed open space going to the front in Chesterfield. Forty wagons passed up and thirty-two down the river during the day. The enemy still strengthening their works between Batteries C and D. Nine companies of infantry drilling behind Battery A. Gun-boat in same position.

R.,

Sergeant, at C.

(Same to A. B.)

HOLMAN,

Sergeant.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,December 3, 1864 - 6 p. m.

Major FISHER:

Sergeant Sleeper reports this eve:

No change seen and few wagons on Boydton plank road. A small working party engaged near Boisseau's. General Butler's works seen from this station north 28 degrees east.

CHAS. L. DAVIS,

Captain, &amp;c.

