HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 3, 1864 - 3 p. m.

Captain THICKSTUN:

A working party of from 250 to 300 men building works northwest by north from Forth Welch. The line upon which they are working is apparently about 300 yards. They are engaged in carrying dirt upon stretchers and pounding it down upon the works. In some places the logs of which the works are constructed can be distinctly seen, not having yet been covered. On the left of this work, and northwest by west, a working party of about forty men at work on what appears to be a fort. Two embrasures have been constructed, and to the right of them can be seen a large gun, mounted en barbette. Due west from Fort Welch, and to the left of buildings on Boisseau property, enemy have erected a fort, and have working party of from twenty to thirty men engaged upon it. The enemy's picket-line is much stronger than yesterday. Some of the same men who were on day before yesterday have not yet been relieved.

RICHARD P. STRONG,

First Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

(Copy sent to General S. Williams.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 3, 1864. (Received 10 a. m.)

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

No changes to report during the last twenty-four hours.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Second Corps:

Your dispatch of yesterday, reporting a modification in your picket-line, was laid before the commanding general last evening soon after his return from City Point, and I am instructed to say that the same is approved. General Gregg reports this morning that he finds his cavalry vedettes inside of your picket-line, and the commanding general desires that, in order to avoid confusion, no change be hereafter made in your picket-line without first referring any proposed change to these headquarters. General Gregg has this morning been informed that he can withdraw all the cavalry he has on outpost duty west of the Weldon railroad, and that he will be required to connect with your picket-line where it strikes that road.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

