
duct in the brilliant affair at Stony Creek Station. The rapidity of your advance and the impetuosity of your attack called forth remarks of approbation from all who witnessed your assault upon the enemy's works, and places the capture of Stony Creek Station amongst the most brilliant cavalry achievements of the war. You have demonstrated to the world your ability to successfully assault well-constructed earth-works with guns in position and fully manned, even when situated behind a wide and deep creek. Your previous history won for you the name of the "fighting brigade." Stony Creek will add to that the name of the "dashing brigade."

By command of Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, commanding brigade:

JNumbers B. MAITLAND,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 3, 1864 - 12 m.

Major-General BUTLER:

I was aware, before the receipt of your dispatch yesterday, that there were a number of the colored division on extra duty in the other divisions of the Ninth Corps, also of the fact that General Ferrero carried away with him an equal number of white soldiers on extra duty with his division, as clerks, &amp;c. Major-General Parke immediately ordered the colored soldiers relieved, but a change of position of the corps has created some delay. The men will be sent as soon as they can be replaced. In the meantime I shall rely on your energy for having returned the men belonging to this army carried away by General Ferrero. I am not aware of any other soldiers belonging to the Army of the James being with this army other than those above referred to, but if any are brought to my attention they will be promptly sent back.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 297. Washington, December 3, 1864.

By direction of the President of the United States the following changes will be made in the organization of the Army of the James:

1. The Tenth and Eighteenth Army Corps will be discontinued.

2. The white infantry troops of the Tenth and Eighteenth Army Corps now with the Army of the James will be consolidated under the direction of the major-general commanding the Department of Virginia and North Carolina, and will constitute a new corps, to be called the Twenty-fourth Corps.

3. The colored troops of the Department of Virginia and North Carolina will be organized into a new corps, to be called the Twenty-fifth Corps.

4. The present corps staff and the artillery of the Eighteenth Corps will be transferred to the Twenty-fourth, and the present corps staff and artillery of the Tenth to the Twenty-fifth Corps.

5. Major General E. O. C. Ord is assigned to the command of the Twenty-fourth Corps, and Major General G. Weitzel to the command of the Twenty-fifth Corps.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

