HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., December 3, 1864.

Captain T. E. LORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Tenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully state that the work along the line now held by this brigade (I do not refer to the redoubt) is in need of considerable renovation. The recent rains have filled to overflowing the ditch in front of the parapet on that part of the line between the redoubt and Mill road. Captain Eaton, the engineer officer who constructed the work in question, examined it to-day, at my request, and informed me that the ditch could not be drained without digging for that purpose quite a deep trench extending some distance diagonally to the front; also that if the ditch was not speedily drained the outer portion of the work would necessarily become seriously defective. A portion of it has become slightly so already. As a considerable detail will be required for this purpose, as well as intrenching tools - which latter are difficult to procure - I have thought it best to lay the matter before your before proceeding further.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. PENNYPACKER,

Colonel Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,ARMY OF THE JAMES,

In the Field, December 3, 1864.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Twenty-fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: By direction of the major-general commanding, I have the honor to inclose herewith for your information the order designating the new organization of this army.* The major-general commanding directs that you take the necessary steps at once to carry the order into execution.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Weitzel.)
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., December 3, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES DEVENS,

Commanding First Division, Eighteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that he has directed Colonel J. H. Potter, Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers, to report to you with his regiment for duty. He directs that you assign Colonel Potter to the command of the brigade now commanded by Colonel Cullen. The Eleventh Connecticut Volunteers you can assign to the brigade of your command that you think best. The regiment has been ordered to report to you.

Very respectfully,

THEODORE READ,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 297, Adjutant-General's Office, p. 791.

---------------

