
pioneers. The general expects at least 500 men from the two regiments. The train will stop on the lower side of Trent River bridge, and you will march your men aboard the Pilot Boy, lying at Spinola Wharf.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. J. ARMS,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 4, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch announcing having made the appointments by brevet is received. For the very special mark of confidence and the distinction conferred upon myself in my appointment as major-general in to Regular Army, I am deeply grateful. I trust my earnest efforts in the future to exert my utmost ability in upholding the honor and interests of the country will justify the Government's acknowledgment of its satisfaction with my conduct in the past.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 4, 1864 - 11.30 a. m. (Sent 11.50 a. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

General Parke yesterday afternoon opened his batteries on some working parties of the enemy in front of Fort Sedgwick. From deserters who came in last night he is informed that the rebel general Gracie was killed by one of our shells. General Gregg reports that about 2 o'clock this morning his outpost at Davenport Church was attacked by a dismounted force of the enemy and driven in, losing 1 killed, 9 wounded, and 5 missing, out of a strength of twenty-five. With the small force of cavalry and great extent of country to watch, it is impossible to provide against these surprises of the advanced posts. General Gregg immediately took measures to re-establish his post and pursue the assailants. With the above exceptions, all else has been quiet. A report was brought by a deserter yesterday that Mahone with 10,000 men had gone to Stony Creek, but no confirmation of this statement has been made, nor any evidence of the withdrawal of so considerable a body of the enemy from their lines.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 4, 1864.

(Received 1.14 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

The advance of the Sixth Corps is now debarking here. You will please send them necessary orders for the front. They are without transportation.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

