HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 4, 1864 - 3.15 p. m. (Sent 3.30 p. m.)

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The commanding general has been informed that the Sixth Army Corps will at once rejoin this army and that one division of the corps has already arrived at City Point. The Sixth Corps will relieve the Fifth Corps in the positions now held by the latter corps, and your divisions will be relieved in their positions consecutively, commencing with Crawford's division on your right, and this division will be relieved tonight or early to-morrow. As fast as your troops are relied, you will mass them at some suitable position in the rear, between the Halifax road and the Jerusalem plank road. The batteries you have in position will not, however, be removed until further orders. The batteries that are not in line can take their proper places with your troops as they concentrate in the rear.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,Numbers 171. December 4, 1864.

According to instructions received this evening, this division is to be relieved by troops of the Sixth Army Corps, probably to-morrow. Brigade commanders will hold their commands in readiness to move at short notice.

By command of Brigadier-General Griffin:

GEO. MONTEITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 4, 1864 - 1.30 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER [FIRST] DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,

City Point:

The commanding general directs that with your troops you relieve Crawford's division, of the Fifth Corps, in the position it holds in the line of this army. If railroad transportation can be furnished your command, you will leave the trains at Parke's Station and report at these headquarters, near that station, for further instructions. If your command has to march from City Point, you will likewise report at these headquarters on arriving in this vicinity. Headquarters are near the Aiken house. Please consult the quartermaster at City Point with reference to transportation.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, December 4, 1864.

(Received 8.45 p. m.)

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report the arrival of my division - fifty-six hours from Winchester, Va. One brigade has been shipped by rail to Parke's

