HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 5, 1864-11 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatch of 11 p. m. yesterday, in reference to General Benham's operations, states precisely the instructions previously given that officer, viz, to construct, first, redoubts covering the main approaches, then to slash between, and finally to connect the redoubt with infantry parapets. All of these works were to have the minimum profile. I have to-day ordered an assistant to report to him. Everything is quiet along the lines, and the works progressing favorably.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 5, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have directed Gregg to send a regiment of cavalry to be posted on the telegraph road in advance of Old Court-House to patrol to the front and watch for movements on the part of the enemy. I have one now doing the same duty at Prince George Court-House, a detachment on the Norfolk road, and a regiment on the plank road, so that we ought to receive timely notice. So soon as the works on the left are completed and the working parties returned to the ranks I will relieve Gregg and station him between the Jerusalem plank road and the James; this will be, I think, in a day or two.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 5, 1864.

Brigadier General M. R. PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Special Orders, Numbers 89, dated September 8, 1864, * from these headquarters, relating to the expulsion of such citizens from within our line as are inimical to our Government or refuse to take the oath of allegiance, you will now carry into execution without any further delay. Those who desire to go to Richmond you may send by boat to Aiken's Landing, and thence to Cox's Ferry, at which point they can pass into the rebel lines. All other you can turn loose outside of our picket-lines at any convenient point. You will permit all parties removing to take with them whatever personal property they may have.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. S. PARKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Military Secretary and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, October 5, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Two deserters from the Ninth Florida, Finegan's brigade, came into the lines of the Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, at sun-

---------------

*See Part II, p. 745.

---------------

