SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VA. AND N. C., ARMY OF THE JAMES,

Numbers 386. In the Field, Va., December 4, 1864.

1. The Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry is hereby assigned to duty with these headquarters, and Lieutenant-Colonel Washburn, commanding the regiment, will report in person for orders.

* * * * * * *

3. Brigadier General Edward Ferrero, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the defenses before Bermuda, relieving Brigadier-General Graham, U. S. Volunteers. Brigadier-General Graham, on being relieved, will report for orders at these headquarters for special service.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Butler:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,December 4, 1864.

Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff, Army of the James:

GENERAL: We would respectfully request that Special Orders, Numbers 386, headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina, be revoked or changed, in consequence of the number of orderlies assigned to corps headquarters being entirely insufficient for the purpose required. To assign these orderlies to a proper tour of duty there would be but a detail of four on duty each day, and these could not perform the [work] of messengers to the division and department headquarters alone, aside from any other necessities requiring the use of orderlies. Beside, the number of orderlies assigned to divisions is entirely out of proportion of those given the corps headquarters, the space to be traveled over by corps orderlies being an average of nine times as great as that of the divisions. This is entirely apart from the necessities arising from sending orderlies to distant points in case of any movements and other uses required at such a time. We would also suggest that there be no change in orderlies or provost-guard until the change of troops arising from the consolidation of the corps is completed.

Very respectfully,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding Corps.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General, Commanding Twenty-fifth Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,December 5, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

The commanding general cannot consider the matters herein presented in the form they are submitted. He has always discouraged "round robins," joint certificated, petitions, and other papers from the officers and men of his command which show concert or combination of action amongst officers or men to obtain revocation or suspension of

