
orders. Indeed, joint protests are a grave military offense. It is true, that in this case, but two in number join, but their high official position, their weight of character, and their soldierly qualities makes that joint action of more power than if many others had joined in such a paper: indeed, in the cartel two major-generals count sixty. It is the joint action in this case which is objectionable, as it is in all others. There are many acts in the civil law which are not offenses when done separately, which become grave crimes when they are done by a concert or combination. The commanding general trusts that he has never shown himself so insensible to the separate opinions of his corps commanders, upon all matters of military administration, as to render it necessary in the minds of gentlemen for whom he entertains so great respect to [favor] him with the weight of their joint authority.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST, DIV.., EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

December 4, 1864.

Colonel Potter's brigade will move at once and go into camp on the right of the line to be occupied by this division. Lieutenant-Colonel Raulston, on being relieved, will move early to-morrow morning with his brigade, and go into camp on the left of Colonel Potter's brigade. Colonel Henry, on being relieved, will move early to-morrow morning with his brigade and go into camp at the place indicated to him, in reserve.

By command of Brigadier-General Devens:

GEORGE A. BRUCE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 38. In the Field, Va., December 4, 1864.

In obedience to orders from headquarters Army of the James, the brigadier-general commanding takes leave of the Second Division, Tenth Army Corps, to be assigned to another position and to the performance of other duties. In relinquishing the command of this gallant division he would do violence to his own feelings did he not embrace this opportunity of expressing his thanks to the officers and enlisted men for the gallantry so frequently displayed by them, and for the energetic and zealous manner in which they have always performed their duties. To your courage, bravery, energy, and zealous application to all the different details of the service is due the proud reputation you have you and the high state of discipline and efficiency which you have attained. It is not necessary to call your attention to the numerous engagements in which you have taken so prominent a part, or to recall the many days and nights spent in the trenches around Petersburg; but among the last of those grand carnivals of death, in which you displayed such gallant and unflinching bravery (the assault upon Fort Gilmer on the 29th of September), when so many of your brave comrades found soldiers' graves; when, amid the lead and iron hail, you twice gallantly and bravely, although unsuccessfully, assaulted one of the strongest works on the continent, 'twas there I learned of what material you were composed and of what gallant deeds you were capa-

51 R R-VOL XLII, PT III

