
direction on same road. The ambulances were a good deal separated, seldom being more than three together. No apparent change in the enemy's camps.

VAN B. SLEEPER,

Sergeant.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,December 5, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The several stations report as follows:

PLANK ROAD STATION.

Between 9 and 12 a.m. about 200 straggling individual with guns and knapsacks, &amp;c., came up from the left and disappeared northwest of lead-works, moving toward Petersburg. About fifty men were engaged improving the fort near lead-works. Several other working parties at various points on their lines.

The Friend house station and that upon the Avery house report no changes.

The Walthall house station reports a small working party engaged upon Fort Clifton, and the following intercepted messages:

Major P.:

Two trains, one of nine box-cars and two flats, and the other of five box-cars and seven flats, all the flats loaded with troops, just passed rear of Battery 5, going toward enemy's left.

W.,

At D.

STEUART'S FRONT-1.10 p.m.

Colonel B:

Some sharpshooting going on this a.m. No change in enemy's camp.

DUNN'S.

All quiet. No negroes visible; white pickets in our front. The enemy is erecting winter quarters in camps to our left of open space. Two schooners off Strahan's lower landing. Gun-boat off Port Walthall.

R.,

At C.

(Same to A. B.)

2.45 P. M.

Major P.:

Two trains, one of nine box-cars, the other of twelve flats, the tops crowded with troops, just passed in rear of Battery 5, going toward enemy's left.

W.,

At D.

STEUART'S FRONT-3.30 p.m.

Colonel B.:

At 9 a.m. eight companies and nine squads of infantry (I think they were negroes) were drilling behind Battery A. The enemy still strengthening their first line of works. Twenty-nine wagons passed up and forty wagons and fifty-four ambulances passed down the river during the day. At 12 m. one regiment passed up the river. Two gun-boats near Howlett's.

R.,

At C.

(Same to A. B.)

