
rise this a. m. They give very little information. The line occupied by Mahone's division remains unchanged. All five brigades are reported in our front, Weisiger's being in reserve of the division.

By telegraph from City Point this a. m.:

The force at Chaffin's farm last night, as follows: Field's and Hoke's divisions, the city battalions, and local defense troops, and one regiment from each of Pickett's brigades. Thomas' brigade, of Wilcox's division, near Chesterfield Station.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. BABCOCK,
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,October 5, 1864.

[General HUMPHREYS:]

GENERAL: The following dispatch from the plank road station is respectfully forwarded:

At 5.30 p. m. about 150 men in small squads came from the direction of Petersburg and disappeared in the works at different point from the Gregory Chimneys to point of woods north west from station. No change in camp or lines.

The station on the Ninth Corps front sees a portion of the Boydton plank road between Ritchie's and Robertson's and will be able to notice movements made upon it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

October 5, 1864.

The following changes of troops will be made:

1. Major-General Hancock will relieve the troops of the Ninth Corps garrisoning Fort Alexander Hays and posted in the rifle-pits from Fort Davis to Fort Alexander Hays and the pickets from Fort Davis to a point midway between Fort Alexander Hays and Fort Howard.

2. Major-General Warren will relieve the troops of the Ninth Corps garrisoning Fort Howard and posted in the rifle-pits from Fort Wadsworth to Fort Howard and the picket-line to a point midway between Fort Howard and Fort Alexander Hays.

3. The pickets of the Ninth Corps between Fort Davis and Fort wadsworth will be relieved at night by the Second and Fifth Corps.

4. The garrisons of Forts Alexander Hays and Howard will remain at those posts until regularly relieved. General Ferrero will at once withdraw his troops from the rifle-pits on the left of Fort Alexander Hays, leaving his pickets posted, and move to the vicinity of Poplar Spring Church and report to Major-General Parke. He will notify the commanders of Forts Davis, Alexander Hays, and Howard of his withdrawal.

5. Upon the receipt of this order Major-General parke will send a brigade of Mott's division to relieve Ferrero's troops, holding the rifle-pits between Fort Davis and Fort Alexander Hays, and upon the arrival of General Ferrero's troops will relieve General Mott's division, of the Second Corps, and send it to report to Major-General Hancock.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

6 R R-VOL XLII, PT III

