
with as little delay as practicable and reinterred in the burial ground of the division or independent command to which they belonged. Durable head-boards, with proper inscriptions, will be placed over all graves. The inscriptions upon the head-boards of graves will give the name, rank, company, and regiment of the deceased soldier. Care will be take to have all inscriptions legibly made and in such a manner that they will not be readily affected by the weather. Where inscriptions are becoming obliterated they will be renewed. Soldiers dying in division hospitals will be interred in the burial ground of their division. The attention of all corps commanders is directed to General Orders, Numbers 75 of September 11, 1861, and paragraph II of General Orders, Numbers 33,of April 3, 1862, from the War Department, on this subject.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATLN. U. S. ENGINEERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

December 5, 1864.

Major J. C. DUANE,

Chief Engineer:

SIR: In accordance with your directions, I yesterday inspected the lines from Fort Dushane to Fort Wadsworth and report as follows: The works along the line and the abatis are in the same condition as last reported, with the exception of that portion of the abatis in front of Forts Clarke and Siebert; about ten yards of that in front of Fort Clarke had been removed, and teamsters belonging to the Second Division, Second Corps, train, under charge of Lieutenant White, were building log huts on the place occupied by it. In front of Fort Siebert brush had been on top of the outer line of abatis; this I directed to be removed by the Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, camped in front. With these exception the line is in good condition. I would respectfully call attention to the building of log huts near the fortifications, particularly along the front line at Forts Wadsworth, Keen, Urmston, Conahey, and Fisher, and recommend that orders be given to burn them as soon as an attack is apprehended, or in case it should become necessary to hold the line by the forts alone.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. HOWELL,

Corps of Engineers.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 6, 1864

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general.

J. C. DUANE,

Major of Engineers.

[Second indorsement.]

Issue an order directing the immediate removal of all camps, huts, corrals, or other structures erected in the vicinity of the lines of defense, whether in front or rear, which in the judgment of the chief engineer

