HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 5, 1864.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 3rd instant reporting the condition of certain works along your front has been received and laid before the commanding general. Lieutenant-Colonel Spaulding, commanding Fiftieth New York Engineers, has been directed to send two companies of his command to take charge of the repairs of the works alluded to by you, and if additional companies are found necessary they will, if possible, be furnished. The commanding general desires that you will supply the officers in charge of the engineer troops with as large working parties as it is practicable for you to provide.

I am, general, very respectfully,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to chief engineer.)
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,December 5, 1864-10 a.m.

Major N. MICHLER,

Corps of Engineers, Army of the Potomac:

Your communication of December 3, calling my attention to condition of line, has just come to hand. I fully appreciate the condition that we found the intrenchments, both as to repairs and police and steps were at once taken to police the line and repair the parapets. This latter work progresses slowly, and I availed myself of your offer to send an engineer officer and some engineer troops. I hope you will send us all the assistance possible. Your telegram of yesterday informed me that Lieutenant-Colonel Spaulding would send two companies.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 5, 1864.

List of soldiers of the Ninth Army Corps for whom medals of honor have been received by Major-General Meade, viz;

Private John H. Harbourne, Company K, Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers; Sergt. James S. Hill, Company C, Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery; Sergt. Major George H. Plowman, Third Maryland Battalion; First Sergt. Barnard A. Strausbaugh, Company A, Third Maryland Battalion; Private Robert Reid, Company G, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers; Corpl. Patrick Monaghan, Company G, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Sergt. Henry W. Rowe, Company I, Eleventh New Hampshire Volunteers, Sergt. Leander A. Wilkins, Company H, Ninth New Hampshire Volunteers; Sergt. Charles Brown, Company C, Fiftieth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers; Corpl. Benj. F. Young, Company I, First Michigan Sharpshooters; Corpl. Franklin Hogan, Company A, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

