
DUNN'S-11.40 a.m.

Colonel B.:

Two steamers off Strahan's lower landing; two schooners at Strahan's upper landing; gun-boat above Port Walthall.

R.,

Sergeant, at C.,

(Same to A. B.)

STEAURT'S FRONT-12 m.

Colonel B.:

Picket-firing continued. Two hundred and fifty infantry drilling in rear of Battery A at 8 a.m. Twenty-three wagons went up and five down the river. Seven wagons, guarded by infantry, went up the river about 1 p.m. Soon afterward ten wagons went up and two down. Gun-boat and land batteries shelled Dutch Gap.

R.,

Sergeant, at C.

(Same to A. B.)

3.30 p.m.

Major P.:

I report two trains, one of seven and the other of twenty-two box-cars, twelve of which were heavily loaded with troops. One piece of artillery and twelve wagons passed in rear of Battery 5, going toward enemy's left; toward City Point two trains, one of three box and five flat cars, and thirty-five wagons.

W.,

Sergeant, at D.

Colonel B.:

One regiment of infantry, followed by four pieces of artillery, six horses to a piece, just passed open space going to the front in Chesterfield. They came from the direction of Bermuda Hundred.

R.,

Sergeant,at C.

(Same to A. B.)

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. STRYKER,

First Lieutenant and Actg. Chief Signal Officer, and Army of the Potomac.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Numbers 330. December 6, 1864

* * * * *

3. All camps located, as well as huts, corrals, or other structures, erected in the vicinity of the lines of defense, whether in front or rear, which, in the judgment of the chief engineer, interfere with the proper defense of the works will be immediately removed. Corps and other independent commanders will see that this order is promptly executed on being notified by the chief engineer that the removal of any camp or structure along their lines is deemed by him necessary, and the chief engineer will report to these headquarters the failure of any officer to comply promptly with this order.

* * * * * *

8. For the present, Brigadier-Generals Seymour and Wheaton commanding divisions, Sixth Corps, will report to Major-General Humphreys, commanding Second Corps, who is charged with the defense of the lines from Battery 23 to Fort Dushane.

9. Major-Generals Parke and Humphreys, commanding Ninth and Second Corps, respectively, will arrange their respective commands so that the lines will be held with the minimum force, depending principally on the inclosed works, and the rest of the troops will be held

