
shall now order a garrison and artillery, understanding your general reply to include that works, as I specifically referred to it. General Parke's left is at Battery 24, and General Wheaton's right beings there. You did not reply to my inquiry whether the contingency of holding the intrenchments chiefly by the garrisons of the inclosed works was intended to apply to the line of rear intrenchments as well as to the front line. I suppose it is, not and that in the event of moving, Fort Cummings would probably be the last work held. But the order does not so indicate, and under it I must place certain ammunition for artillery and infantry, and certain rations, in the rear works, Fort Dushane included, and will do so unless I hear to the contrary from you to-morrow morning early.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 6, 1864

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: In the list of names of enlisted men of the Second Corps, for whom medals of honor have been received by the major-general commanding, transmitted to you yesterday, the name of Sergeant Terence Begley, Company D, Seventh New York Artillery, should have been included. The name is not on the list furnished by the War Department, but a medal has been received for the sergeant, and it is known that he was recommended for one. You are, therefore, desired by the commanding general to have Sergeant Begley's name placed on your list, and to cause him to be present when the medals are distributed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General,
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General MILES,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires you to place some three or four regiments in the vicinity of Fort Cummings, just before daylight to-morrow morning, from which the garrison for Fort Cummings and Fort Emery will be furnished; the garrison for the latter to encamp near it. The garrison for Fort Cummings should be 175 men; for Fort Emery, 150 men.

I am, general,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

September CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,

December 6, 1864

Colonel R. NUGENT,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that the Sixty-ninth and Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers be sent, under the com-

