
mand of the senior officer, Lieutenant-Colonel Burke, who has been relieved from duty as officer of the day, to the vicinity of Fort Cummings at 2 a.m., so as to be in position there before daylight to-morrow. They will furnish a garrison of 175 men for that fort. The regiments will occupy the position vacated by the Third Division of this corps. A staff officer from these headquarters will conduct them. He directs that you place the Sixty-third New York and the pioneers of your brigade in the camps left by the Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, where tents will be pitched in order that the enemy may observe no change.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 6, 1864.

Colonel C. D. MacDOUGALL,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that the Fifty-second and Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers be sent to the vicinity of Fort Emery at 2 a.m., so as to be in position there by daylight to-morrow. They will furnish a garrison of 150 men for that fort, and will, with two regiments from Second Brigade, be under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Burke, Eighty eighth New York Volunteers, for special purposes, although for ordinary business will remain under your command as usual. They will occupy the position near Fort Emery vacated by the Third Division of the corps. A staff officer from these headquarters will conduct them. He directs that your prisoners be placed in the camps vacated by the regiments named, where tents will be pitched in order that the may observe no change.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 6, 1864.

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

I have the honor to report that my division relieved General Griffin's after daylight this morning. The First and Third Brigades are in the line of intrenchments-the First on the left, the Third on the right, and the Second in reserve, in rear of the right. Unless the general desires it, I will not for the present change my headquarters.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

