
mand will be the Fifth Corps, with Mott's division, of Second Corps, and two brigades of cavalry, the latter under Brigadier-General Gregg. The command will be supplied with six days' rations, four on the person; 100 rounds of small-arm ammunition, sixty on the person, the reserve on pack mules; one battery of artillery to each division of infantry and one with the cavalry will be taken, each battery to carry the full supply of ammunition, but no reserves. One-half the number of authorized ambulances, with all the stretchers, will be taken; also one medicine wagon and one hospital wagon to each brigade; and one-half the authorized supply of intrenching tools in addition to pioneer's tools. No baggage wagons will accompany the troops, but one wagon to each headquarters will be allowed for the subsistence of officers and for forage for their horses; in addition, pack-mules to be taken from the headquarters trains. The suggestion is made to take the reserve ammunition and two days' subsistence on pack-mules, but if this should prove inconvenient or impracticable wagons may be used, but in that event the precaution should be taken to carry pack-saddles for use in case of an emergency. After completing the duty herein indicated the expedition will return by moving to the eastward and crossing the Nottoway as low down as practicable, and on returning the cavalry force should be sent in advance to notify these headquarters of the return of your command and of the route proposed to be taken. Brevet Major-General Mott and Brigadier-General Gregg have been directed to report to you for the necessary orders for their guidance.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

December 6, 1864-1 p.m.

Major-General WARREN:

Please report here as soon as convenient.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

December 6, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Major General G. K. WARREN.

Commanding Fifth Corps:

I am instructed by the commanding general to say that you can relieve Ayres' division from the line as soon as his pickets are relieved by troops of Seymour's division.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

December 6, 1864-10.30 p.m. (Sent 10.45 p.m.)

Major-General WARREN:

I directed General Seymour at 2 p.m. to relieve all of Ayres' pickets. I understand all of Seymour's division but two regiments have reached

