HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,December 6, 1864-11.45 a.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

Since my report of this a.m., Captain Dexter, or the Fiftieth New York Engineers, has reported and will go to work on the intrenchments from Sedgwick to the Norfolk railroad. Two deserters from the Sixtieth Alabama have reported. Report no change in movement of troops.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,December 6, 1864-12.35 p.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The five deserters mentioned in my report of this morning have just come in. Four are from Fifty-ninth Virginia and one from Forty-sixth Virginia. They say that it is report that Field's division has gone to Georgia.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,

December 6. 1864.

This division will be in readiness to move to-morrow at 5 a.m. Each trooper will be fully supplied with four days' rations from to-morrow evening and will carry thirty pounds of forage for his horse and the full supply of ammunition. Overcoats and shelter-tents will be carried. No wagon will accompany the command save one to each brigade and one for the division headquarters, fifteen ambulances, and ten ammunition wagons. But one battery (Dennison's) will accompany the command. The Thirteenth Pennsylvania and Sixth Ohio will not accompany the command. These regiments and Garvin's battery will remain in their present camps, under command of Colonel M. Kerwin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania, who will report in person to the general commanding for instructions. Before the hour designated for the movement of the command, all the wagons will be packed and sent to the division train. Nothing will be allowed to remain in the present camps after the departure of the division. In quitting the camps there should be no destruction of the huts. The division train will be kept loaded with eight days' rations and as much forage as possible and will remain in its present position. Brigade commanders will relieve their pickets at 9 o'clock this p.m. The force at present on the telegraph road will not be relieved by the commanding officer of the First Brigade. The commanding officer of the Second Brigade will send a small force supplied as required to remain on the Lee's Mill road until to-morrow morning.

By command of Brigadier-General Gregg:

A. H. BIBBER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

53 R R-VOL XLII, PT III

