
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,

December 6, 1864.

This command will move at 5 a.m. to-morrow in the following order: First, Second Brigade; second, First Brigade, ambulances, ammunition wagons; third, Third Brigade. The leading brigade will move punctually at the hour specified and the other brigades will move so as to occasion no detention and well closed up. At 5 o'clock the First Brigade will mass near the camps of the Second Brigade. Brigade commanders will, through staff officers, report the readiness of their brigades to move. The commanding officer of the Second Brigade will receive instructions as to the route to be followed.

By command of Brigadier-General Gregg:

THOS. ARROWSMITH

Lieutenant Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, December 6, 1864-3 p.m.

Major General B. F. BUTLER:

A movement will commence on the left to-morrow morning. Make immediate preparations so that your forces can be used north of the river if the enemy withdraw, or south if they should be required. Let all your men have two days' cooked rations in haversacks. During to-morrow night withdraw to the left of your line at Bermuda the force you propose sending south, unless otherwise ordered. It would be well to get ready as soon as you can to blow out the canal.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 6, 1864-4 p.m.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Army of the James:

I had sent you a cipher dispatch before receiving copy of your instructions to General Weitzel.* I think it advisable all embarkation should take place at Bermuda. The number of intrenching tools, I think, should be increased three or four times.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

DECEMBER 6, 1864-6.25 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Owing to some mistake in transmission I have not received your cipher dispatch. It will be more convenient to have the embarkation at Deep Bottom, and I think quite as much out of the sight of the enemy as at Bermuda, if that is the only reason. I am informed General Ingalls did not get your dispatch, having left Washington before it came. The intrenching tools shall be largely increased.#

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Turner to Weitzel, p. 837.

#In General Butler's manifold letter-book this dispatch is marked "not sent."

---------------

