
men. The chief of artillery, in conference with you, will designate the artillery to be taken. The horses of the batteries, except one horse for each officer and chief of piece, will be left. Take one set of wheel harness. Fifty men of Massachusetts cavalry will be ordered to report to you. Forty ambulances (two-horse), with necessary medical stores, have been selected for the expedition which will be distributed on at least two boats. Take sixty rounds of ammunition on the men, 100 rounds in boxes to be distributed through the fleet. If your division trains do not furnish the necessary amount, the balance required will be furnished by chief of ordnance at the point of embarkation. Three hundred rounds of artillery ammunition per gun will be taken. So much of it as is not contained in limber-boxes and caissons will be loaded with it on transport five days' rations, three days' cooked meat. Twenty days' additional will be taken in at Fort Monroe, distributing it through the fleet. Field rations only will be taken. Two pack-mules for division and brigade headquarters will be allowed. Mounted officers will take but one horse for personal use. The chief quartermaster has been instructed to furnish 150 sets of mule harness. It is expected to get animals from the enemy's country. The chief quartermaster will also furnish a party of wharf-builders and a small amount of material for landings, &amp;c. Thirty launches will be taken on at Fort Monroe. The chief signal officer has been instructed to order signal officers and men to report to you. Lieutenant Parsons, with a company of engineer soldiers, will report to you. Five hundred shovels, 250 axes, and 100 picks have been prepared. It is expected that the necessary transportation will be ready by to-morrow at Deep Bottom. You will report in person to the major-general commanding for further instructions.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS

December 6, 1864.

Major-General WEITZEL,Commanding Twenty-fifth Corps:

Your communication to Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, assistant adjutant-general relating to the indorsement of the major-general commanding upon a joint communication of yourself and General Ord, has been submitted to me. The explanations therein contained are entirely satisfactory. The facts therein stated could not have been known to me and take away the objectionable features of the communication. I beg leave to assure General Weitzel what he must have known that there was nothing of insult intended or expressed in the indorsement. General Weitzel's explanation might have been expressed in better temper, but I have too many faults of temper myself not to pardon them in others, and especially in a gentleman for whom I have so high an esteem as I have for General Weitzel. I am grieved that General Weitzel should for a moment suppose that I either intended to punish of insult him. General Weitzel will surely, on reflection, regret that he has so far misunderstood one who now, as ever, is happy to subscribe himself his friend.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

