
serters from the First North Carolina Cavalry came in last evening; report no changes in enemy's position. Their brigade (Barringer's) went to Stony Creek last Friday, and returned again to old camps. Informants know nothing of any cavalry, dismounted or otherwise, having gone to Georgia. No movement of infantry known by these informants. Two female refugees from Petersburg came into our lines last evening. The particulars of their entree will be reported by Captain Schuyler. They report having seen two brigades of cavalry moving in a southerly direction yesterday afternoon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

December 7, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The following deserters have just been forwarded to this office: Four from Twenty-second North Carolina, Scales' brigade, Wilcox's division; one from Eighteenth North Carolina, Lane's brigade, Wilcox's division; two from First Tennessee, Archer's brigade, Heth's division. From them we learn that no movements have taken place in either of the above divisions. It was rumored in their camp that Heth's division was about to be transferred to Georgia, but up to 11 o'clock last evening no marching orders had been issued. Deserters from Archer left the trenches at that hour, and are positive of this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

CITY POINT, December 7, 1864.

BABCOCK:

Information from Richmond to effect that Wilcox (and it is supposed Heth's division also) went south last Thursday. They may have left their pickets, but do you hear anything from them? Force gone estimated at 12,000. I came within 600 of you on general estimate before I received yours.

J. McENTEE,

Captain, etc.

[Indorsement.]

Captain McENTEE,

City Point:

From deserters received yesterday and day before we have every reason to believe that all the divisions of Hill's corps are still in our front. Since last Thursday we have had deserters from Weisiger's and Finegan's brigades, of Mahone's division; Archer's brigade, of Heth's division, and Lane's and McGowan's brigades, of Wilcox's division. From other information by contrabands and cavalry deserters we believe Heth and Wilcox still here.

Yours, &amp;c.,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

