HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,December 7, 1864.

Lieutenant WILLIAM S. STRYKER,

Adjutant:

I can see no changes in the enemy's lines in this front.

JORDAN.

Nothing worthy of report has been seen this p.m. on account of the dense fog.

B. W. MARCY.

Could not see the enemy's lines from 9 a.m. till 3 p.m. All quiet.

CAROTHERS.

On account of the state of the atmosphere could make no observations this a.m. All quiet this p.m. The following were intercepted:

STEUART'S FRONT-3.45 p.m.

Colonel B[RENT]:

Owing to the weather we are unable to make any observations no north side. Everything quiet on this side. Some little picket-firing in our front from Dunn's. All quiet. Small increase of tents on new camp to left of open space. One steamer off Strahan's lower landing. Gun-boat in same position.

R.,

Sergeant, at C.

(Same to A. B.)

4.45 P. M.

Major P.:

I report since it cleared away one train of thirteen box-cars and fourteen wagons have passed in rear of Battery 5, going toward enemy's left. On rear of same battery going toward City Point, one train of nine box-cars and five wagons.

Respectfully forwarded.

J. C. PAINE,

Captain, &amp;c.
SPECIAL ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 331. December 7, 1864.

1. Leave of absence is granted to the following-named officer: Major General T. L. Crittenden, U. S. Volunteers, for seven days.

2. Major General T. L. Crittenden having, in compliance with paragraph 3 of Special Orders, Numbers 414, of November 23, 1864, headquarters of the Army, reported to the major-general commanding, will report to Major-General Parke, commanding Ninth Army Corps, for assignment to a command in that corps.

* * * * * *

5. The chiefs of staff departments will have the requisite arrangements made to remove the public property in their charge within the defenses of City Point at very short notice should this become necessary. No surplus supplies will be accumulated for the present at the depots along the lines of this army. A sufficient number of the sick in hospital will be sent to City Point to admit of the ready transportation to that place of the remainder, in the event of the breaking up of the hospitals here.

6. The troops serving at these headquarters, consisting of the Engineer Battalion, detachment of Engineer Brigade, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, will be held in readiness to move at

