
within 100 feet the same, each on his own front, from Fort Wadsworth to Fort Commings, so as to leave a clear space 100 feet wide along the intrenched line. All structures of similar character in position put up by the artillery will be removed by them.

In addition, Major-General Gibbon, commanding Second Division, will at the same time send sufficient details to remove all similar structures in front of the rear intrenchments from Fort Siebert to Fort Clarke as far as 800 yards in front of the same, and to clear the space of 100 feet in width inside of the same part of the line.

Brevet Major-General Miles, First Division, Second Corps, will also send details to remove all similar structures in front of the rear-line intrenchments within the space of 800 yards between Fort Cummings and Fort Siebert, and to clear the space of 100 feet in width inside the same part of the line.

The artillery will also remove all structures put up by them within the specified places outside and inside of the rear line of intrenchments. Division commanders and chiefs of artillery will report when the work is complete.

By order of Major-General Humphreys:

September CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND CORPS,

December 7, 1864.

The commanding officer of the following-named batteries will have their commands in readiness to move at very short notice after daylight of December 8. They will at once send to Captain Langdon, commissary of subsistence, for rations to bring them up to the following amount-four days' bread, coffee, and sugar, three days' salt, and one day's salt met on the person: Battery B, First Rhode Island Artillery, Eleventh New York Battery; Twelfth New York Battery.

By command of Major John G. Hazard:

U. D. EDDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,Numbers 593. December 7, 1864.

* * * * *

2. The garrisons of Forts Fisher, Welch, Gregg, Sampson, and Cummings will at once be supplied with 200 rounds of ammunition per man, and six days' rations from to-morrow morning. The chief commissary of subsistence and the acting ordnance officer of the division will cause the necessary supplies to be furnished by their respective departments.

By command of Brigadier-General Miles:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. 4TH Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,

December 7, 1864.

The command, except the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, will be held in readiness to move at brief notice. Regimental commanders will see that their men ar supplied with sixty

