
fourth, General De Trobriand will have charge of the whole quartermaster's and bridge train, making the necessary dispositions for protecting its flanks and rear.

The division will move as soon as the other two divisions of the Fifth Corps, which are ordered to move at 2 a. m., have passed.

By command of Brevet Major-General Mott:

CHAS. F. MOORE,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Warwick Creek, December 7, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I have the honor to report that at 11 a. m. nearly the whole of three divisions, with the artillery and pontoon train, had passed the bridge over Warwick Creek. The column was moving on briskly and no detention reported ahead. General Warren has passed to head of column.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,December 7, 1864-6 p. m.

General MEADE:

With the exception of delays in crossing Warwick Swamp, we got on well to-day. The rain has not hurt the roads. Gregg and Crawford bivouac at Sussex Court-House to-night, giving all a chance of a good rest. I shall be crossing the Nottoway all night. I shall strike the railroad near Jarratt's to-morrow, keeping my command all together. From there I shall destroy up and down. The Bolling Bridge will not let me [sic].

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,December 7, 1864.

Lieutenant NUMAN,

Second New York Mounted Rifles:

LIEUTENANT: You will bivouac to-night on the north bank of the river and not cross it at all. As soon as the bridge is taken up, which will be about daybreak, you will proceed with three companies (your own squadron and one other to be designated by Captain Stevenson) back along the road we came, gathering up all stragglers and deploying your men sufficiently for that purpose. Take them to General Meade's headquarters and report to General Williams, assistant adjutant-general, for disposition of them. Show him this order.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

