
CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 158. December 7, 1864-5.50 p. m.

I. General Griffin and Ayres will remain in their present bivouac, with their artillery and ambulances, until all the rest of the army is across. They will receive further information when to move. Advantage will be taken of that to water, rest, and feed the animals.

II. Generals Crawford and Gregg will proceed to Sussex this evening and camp there.

III. General Mott will cross after General Crawford with all his trains and camp in the first open field after crossing the pontoon bridge. The train under Colonel Thomas will follow General Mott and camp in the first open field after crossing. Headquarters will be just south of the bridge for the night.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 159. December 7, 1864-9.15 p. m.

The following will be order of movement for to-morrow:

I. General Gregg will set out at 4 a. m. and proceed direct for Jarratt's Station. He will picket every road coming in from the flanks as we advance with a strong force, to remain until the rear of the column has passed.

II. He will immediately followed by General Crawford's division.

III. General Griffin, followed by General Ayres, will set out at 2 a. m. and proceed on to overtake General Crawford.

IV. As soon as all is over the pontoon trail will be taken up and join the train of Colonel Thomas, chief quartermaster, near General Mott's division.

V. General Mott will guard the main train to-morrow, and will made such disposition with his division as will protect it, Colonel Thomas and the officers of the bridge train reporting to him.

VI. The brigade of General Ayres, marching with the train to-day, will rejoin his division.

VII. If any part of the column finds itself halted by any obstructions in front, the troops will be massed and the artillery and trains parked so as not to obstruct the coming forward of artillery and trains parked so as not to obstruct the coming forward of artillery and troops in rear. Headquarters will be at the head of the column during the day.

By order of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH ARMY CORPS,December 7, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

I have the honor to report the strength of my pickets as being 280 men. The whole of my division now occupies the line formerly held by General Ayres' division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

