
commenced a heavy fire from their artillery. This was vigorously replied to by our batteries, and in about an hour all was again quiet.

No casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. HAZARD,

Major, Commanding.

(Copy to Captain John N. Craig, assistant adjutant-general, artillery headquarters, Army of the Potomac,)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 5, 1864-9.30 p. m.

General G. K. WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The commanding general directs that your order the Twenty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry, serving in your camp as infantry, to proceed to-morrow to the Dismounted Camp for the cavalry near City Point for the purpose of being mounted. The regiment will be dropped from your returns as transferred to the Second Cavalry Division.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 247. October 5, 1864.

I. General Griffin will extend his line to the right, so as to relieve General Ayres' left brigade, and will furnish all details necessary to finish the redoubt on the Squirrel Level road.

II. General Ayres will then extend his line to the right, so as to make the line continuous with the Vaughan road. He will leave the battery on the squirrel Level road for General Griffin, and will relieve the pickets, about sixty in number, of General Bragg, which connects General Ayres' pickets with General Baxter's. General Ayres will furnish details necessary to complete the redoubt on the Vaughan road.

III. These changes are necessary to enable the major-general commanding to use General Crawford's division in constructing a rear line from General Parke's left to the Weldon railroad. They will be made a s soon as practicable.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 5, 1864-8.10 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

A deserter came in this morning-Twenty-seventh North Carolina, Cooke's brigade, conscript; joined a few days since. Says that Lane's and Davis' brigade are here, all three being along the line of intrench-

