
keeping up the fire until after dark. Strange to say their two best shots were made in the obscurity of nightfall. One struck in the exterior slope of the parapet, about three feet below the crest, passed through some ten feet of sand, destroyed the revetment, prostrating two or three men at work on the 100-pounder, but injuring none seriously. Another struck in the sole of the embrasure of one of the 30-pounders, passed through the revetment of the genouillere, struck the end of the axle outside of the hub, breaking it entirely off, knocked off one corner of the magazine, struck just in front of one of my houses, ricochetted through the end above the logs, and lodged in one of the bunks without bursting. Undoubtedly the enemy sent down their boats expecting the opening of the canal. and infantry attack having been made by us this forenoon across the river in front of it. Shall have everything repaired early to-morrow. Shall take much pains with Mr. Batterson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE BATTERIES,Before Petersburg, Va., December 7, 1864.

First Lieutenant B. P. LEARNED,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Siege Artillery:

SIR: I received a not from Colonel John Tidball, chief of artillery, Ninth Army Corps, about 2 o'clock this p. m., requesting me to come to his headquarters, he wishing to see me on business of importance. On my reporting he informed me that a portion of the army were on the eve of a move; that probably no more troops would be left on this front than were on a former occasion when the Second Corps were here. He suggested that it would be well to move the guns from Numbers 17 to the new work to-night. I asked him if he would be kind enough to furnish me transportation. He said he could furnish me the horses, but thought all the wagons were packed with subsistence, &amp;c. This was all the change that wa stalked of, excepting he mentioned the should all the infantry leave but those in the inclosed works he thought it would be best, for the time being, to transfer the two Coehorn mortars in Battery Numbers 8 to Fort McGilvery, and Captain Pride's four Coehorns from Numbers 12 to Fort Haskell. I have taken the responsibility of moving the guns from Numbers 17, as the change had been previously talked of. Should Colonel Abbot think it advisable to make other changes he will undoubtedly inform me. Will Captain Faxon send five wagons to report as soon as possible to change the ammunition and company property to-night? Please have the wagon-master report at my quarters before he goes to Numbers 17.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. F. BROOKER,

Major First Connecticut Artillery, Commanding Siege Batteries.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 3. December 7, 1864.

* * * * *

3. The troops of the Second Division remaining with this corps are temporarily attached to the Third Division, Brigadier-General Devens,

