
came in on the 4th, and two public horses were recovered on the line last night. The enemy appears to have some cavalry in our front now, and much cheering was heard in their camps last night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. EVANS,

Colonel First Maryland Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

The Secretary of War authorized such transfer of revel deserters as you may deem proper. The transfer should be reported to Adjutant-General of the Army to be noted on rolls. There are still over 2,000 insisted rebel prisoner at Rock Island who have received bounties, but are of no use.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 8, 1864.

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War:

SIR: Major Casey reported to me this morning in conformity with the telegraphic order from the War Department of the 4th instant, being in furtherance of the matter communicated in my letter to you of the 3rd instant.

I have now to ask a letter to Admiral Porter requesting him to give Major Casey such information and facilities as will enable him fully to report to you every detail connected with the important enterprise now in course of execution, of exploding a large quantity of powder near Fort Fisher or Caswell, and the results of the same in the effect produced upon the works, surrounding country, and otherwise as the explosion shall have produced an effect, by the formation of a crater, the projectile matter and violent action upon the atmosphere.

I would further request that Admiral Porter afford such accommodations on broad some vessel of his command as comports with Major Casey's rank in the army, so far as the important duties intrusted to the admiral will permit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. DELAFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief Engineer.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 8, 1864.

Major THOMAS LINCOLN CASEY,

Corps of Engineers, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The naval expedition now fitting out under command of Admiral Porter is about to make an attack upon Fort Caswell or Fort Fisher, mouth of Cape Fear River. A part of the preparation now making is for the explosion of about 350 tons of gunpowder in a vessel to be

