
Deserters from Gracie's brigade, Johnson's division, came into Ninth Corps lines at 3.15 a. m.; orders at dark to have three days' ration and forty rounds of ammunition and be ready to move; thinks all brigades of the division ha s same orders; is positive the brigade had not moved at 3 a. m. to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK,

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 8, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Forwarded for your information.

I judge from these and preceding reports that the whole rebel force in my front is ordered to be on the qui vive, with three days' rations, but as yet there is no positive indication of any movement, except a concentration on their right to await developments.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,December 8, 1864. (Sent 10.35 a. m.0

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Five deserters from Finegan came into the lines of the First Division, Sixth Army Corps, at daylight this a. m. They report that last evening about sundown Finegan's brigade moved down the plank road (Boydton) with three days' rations. Harris' brigade had moved in the same direction earlier in the afternoon. Some of the men on picket had been back to camp yesterday afternoon. Some of the men on picket had ben back to camp yesterday afternoon return last evening, bringing the information of the movement. It was understood that all of Mahone's division had moved south on the plank road; also that Wilcox's division was under marching orders, but had not moved up to sundown last evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

CHURCH ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

December 8, 1864-9.20 a. m.

Major FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

About 1,500 of the enemy's infantry that were in camp near Boisseau's property have just fallen into line in light marching order. They are now moving to our left. They leave their quarters all standing. No other change in the enemy's camps apparent.

VAN B. SLEEPER,

Sergeant, Signal Corps.

