
ments; MacRae's brigade in the neighborhood. Will you please send me the organization of Hill's corps, or, rather, Lee's old army? I have Beauregard's and Early's.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 5, 1864-9.15 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

All quiet during the night and this a. m. In the affair yesterday afternoon we lost 1 officer and 18 men missing and 1 man wounded. I have details at work on the redoubts and slashing in front of the infantry line.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-SIXTH MASSACHUSETTS,Pegram's House, October 5, 1864.

Captain SAMUEL WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division, Ninth Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report as division officer of the day for this date: The picket-line is in advance of the line of works from 300 to 500 yards, and forms nearly a right angle at the Sanborn house, where the lines of First and Second Brigade meet. The First Brigade has 200 men on the line and the Second the same number. About 3 p. m. yesterday the line was attacked just to the left of the Sanborn house. The Second New York Rifles were posted in that part of the line and fled without firing a shot, so the brigade officers of the day report. The line on the right and left of that space fell back, firing, nearly to the works. I was in camp at the time, and went out and rallied the pickets, and, with the assistance of the Second Maryland Regiment, reoccupied the old line. Another attempt was made to drive us back, but it was easily repulsed. About 8 in the evening I fired the house in accordance with instructions. We now occupy the same line as yesterday, but strengthened near the house. The thirty-sixth Massachusetts lost in the affair of yesterday, 1 man wounded and 4 prisoners, two of whom were attempting to fire the house. The second New York lost 1 officer and 14 men missing, probably prisoners.

WM. F. DRAPER,

Lieutenant Colonel Thirty-sixth Massachusetts, Div. Officer of the Day.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,October 5, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Companies sent this morning to Reams' Station, and two miles farther south of the Halifax road, could discover no signs of a movement of the enemy's cavalry; but one vedette was seen, and he posted southwest of Reams' Station.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

