HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,December 8, 1864.

Lieutenant WILLIAM S. STRYKER:

A column of infantry moving to our left on road running through works near and parallel to Richmond pike, about same in number as those last reported moving to our right. Think they are same troops.

JORDAN.

No changes apparent from this station. Enemy have fired a few shots from mortar battery on hill in front of Fort Hell, also from large fort to left of lead-works. Our batteries in the vicinity of Fort Sedgwick replied.

MARCY.

1.30 P. M.

One regiment of infantry just passed rear of Whitehead's, going toward enemy's right.

HOLMAN.

At 1.30 p. m. the enemy opened on Fort Hell and vicinity with mortar battery 30 degrees west of north, ours replying. Good practice on both sides. Opened with guns from Fort Mahone in our immediate front on our pickets while relieving at 4 p. m. Fired ten shots; no casualties. Between 5 p.. m. and dark about 1,300 infantry moved from works extending from plank road as far left as lead-work, leaving in small detachments, and appearing desirous of keeping as much from view as possible. Could not see left of line.

CAROTHERS.

The wire was down between Pitkins and these headquarters, or the reports from Sergeant Holman would have been forwarded before.

Very respectfully,

L. A. DILLINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,December 8, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Lieutenant W. S. STRYKER:

Considerable activity observed in enemy's lines during the day. The following have been intercepted:

9.05 A. M.

Major P.:

One battery of artillery has passed rear of Battery 5, going toward City Point. They had four pieces, and six horses to each piece.

W.,

Sergeant, at D.

STEUART'S FRONT-10 a. m.

Colonel B.:

At 4.40 least evening two regiments of infantry encamped in woods to right and rear of Battery A, and are coming this direction. During the night two rockets went up near the town, supposed from flats. Some slight picket-firing this morning. No change in enemy's camps.

R.,

At C.

(Same to A. B.)

