
I have a fair proportion of artillery, thirty-six guns for the eight forts, and three miles and a half of line; that I have two battalions, comprising about 1,000 infantry, and about 1,600 effective engineers, though of all these only about 250 have any drill with their arms, and nearly all the engineers are now constantly at work on hospitals, &amp;c. I have no cavalry or mounted men in front, and it requires nearly one-half my infantry to protect south of Bailey's Creek. I may mention further that there are 250 sharpshooters also without arms. I also understand that the troops under General Patrick, number unknown, will be available in an emergency. If any mounted men should be sent me to secure my infantry pickets from surprise I would consider it of the utmost value.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST,City Point, Va., December 8, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade:

GENERAL: By direction of the provost-marshal-general, Armies operating against Richmond, I have the honor to transmit the following report of officers and men present for duty in the different regiments now on duty at this post, irrespective of the regular details, who are held subject to your orders in case of emergency:

Officers.	Men

present.	present.

20th New York State Militia	9	450

63rd Pennsylvania Volunteers	4	75

8th Delaware Volunteers	4	161

10th U. S. Colored Troops	15	450

Total	32	1,136

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. HARDENBERGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 8, 1864-11.02 a. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

The remainder of General Seymour's division, Sixth Corps, arrived and occupied the position of the division of the Fifth Corps, under Genera Ayres. A detachment from it occupies Fort Dushane and pickets to the left of the Second Corps on the Weldon railroad. The right of General Seymour was extended this morning to include Fort Wadsworth, which is garrisoned by him.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General of Volunteers.

