
CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 161. December 8, 1864.

About 6 p. m. this evening the three divisions of the Fifth Corps will move out on the railroad and complete the destruction of the railroad ties and rails as far as practicable, bending the latter when it can be done. A staff officer will be sent to each division to designate the points at which each is to begin. General Ayres to begin at the Nottoway River and work toward General Crawford, and General Crawford to work to where General Griffin begins. As soon as a division works down to a place finished by another, it will go on and pass them and begin again. This work to be kept up till 12 o'clock, if not interrupted by the enemy. The will then bivouac till daylight along the road. All the artillery, ambulances, &amp;c., will be sent to the main train will proceed along the railroad south. After bivouacking, the spring wagons can be sent for and the trains will be kept as near the divisions as possible for that purpose. General Mott will protect the train when it moves and a force cavalry will watch the rear. The wood along the railroad must be thoroughly consumed, the ties being piled up and the rails placed on top when the rails can be separated.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,December 8, 1864-6 a. m.

General CRAWFORD:

You will remain where you are till General Ayres passes you, when you will follow on, left in front, looking out for your own rear, though we leave a little cavalry behind us. You will pass the division destroying the railroad, and as soon as you get to any part not destroyed go to work yourself. You will not have to move before 8 a. m.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,December 8, 1864.

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

MAJOR: In compliance with confidential circular from headquarters Second Corps, of the 7th instant, I have the honor to report that the garrison of Fort Howard will consist of 100 men from the First Brigade (Jersey) and 50 men from the Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, of the Third Brigade of this division, under command of Captain B. Hufty, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, commanding the Jersey brigade, which will remain here; the garrisons of Batteries 25 and 26 will consist of similar details, under the command, respectively, of Capts. E. W. Davis, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, and J. W. Penrose, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers. The above garrisons will have the proper complement of officers besides the commanding officers. The balance of the First Brigade (Jersey, 1,300 men), and 200 additional men from the Fifth

