
Wisconsin Volunteers, Third Brigade, will constitute a force for picket, picket reserve, and for contingent wants. Captain J. W. van Myers, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, will be in charge of the picket-line. Colonel T. S. Allen, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, will be in charge of the division front. Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Bull, of the same regiment, will also remain, subject to the orders of Colonel Allen.

F. WHEATON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,December 8, 1864-11.56 a. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Nothing unusual has transpired along our lines. Four deserters are reported as having come in during the night. Two men from Gracie's brigade have arrived here. They know of no movement of troops. Expecting an attack on their lines. About midnight received orders to have three days' rations cooked and be ready to move.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 8, 1864-6.45 p. m.

Major-General PARKE:

I desire you will to-night withdraw from the lines the available reserves indicated in your telegram of yesterday and mass them in rear in the vicinity of the position they now occupy, so that in case of a movement no time will be lost in their withdrawal. The reports from signal officers indicate so much movement of the enemy to our left it is not deemed likely an attack in force will be made on your lines.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 8, 1864-9.45 p. m.

Major-General PARKE:

I am very anxious to have the earliest intelligence that may be received by any deserters coming in. Please notify your subordinates to be particularly prompt in forwarding any coming into your lines and send by telegraph to these headquarters any information of movements they may give.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,December 8, 1864.

Bvt. Major General O. B. WILLCOX,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: In the event of a movement of troops being made you will take charge of the whole line now held by the First and Second

