HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,December 8, 1864-8.20 p. m.

Major-General WARREN, Commanding:

GENERAL: I send you the negro from Belfield. He says that he heard the people say that the commanding officer at that town had applied to General Lee for General Hampton's troops to be sent down, but was replied to that probably General Hampton would be wanted on the military road. I think you will conclude, as I do, from the negro's story, that the force at Belfield has or is ready to run away, as they are principally conscripts. The negro thinks the force is leads than 500. I send a paper of the 5th.

Yours, respectfully,

D. MCM. GREGG,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 8, 1864.

Colonel KERWIN, Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that with all your available force and a detachment of the Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Major Walsh, which has been ordered to report to you at once, you proceed, with as little delay as practicable, down the Vaughan road to the intersection of that road with the Halifax road, and then endeavor to ascertain whether the enemy is talking of the movement of General Warren, and after reaching the point indicated you should send a party toward, the Boydton plank road by the road passing Gravelly Ford and Friend's Meeting-House. The object of this expedition is chiefly to obtain intelligence respecting the operations of the enemy, and it is supposed that from citizens and contrabands you will be able to learn whether he has sent any troops down the Boydton plank road. You will cause any information that you may gain in relation to the enemy to be promptly communicated to the commanding general. The commanding general does not think that it will be necessary for you to take any artillery with you, but, if you wish to do so, you are authorized to take a section. The detachment of the First New Jersey Cavalry, employed in picketing the telegraph road above Jordan's Point, will not be withdrawn to accompany you. The commanding general directs that you will lose no time in moving to execute these instructions, and that you promptly send to him any reliable information you may obtain.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

December 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General TURNER, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The signal officer on the Cobb's Hill tower reports that at 11.45 a. m. twelve cars, heavily loaded with troops, passed Port Walthall Junction toward Petersburg-a regular train. The 9 a. m. train to that point did not run.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. B. NORTON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

