
cross the Nottoway. I don't see what we can do to assist a Warren. Lee has sent away three divisions and received three, viz, Hoke, Gordon, and Pegram, so that his force in my front is about equal to what it was before detaching. I, on the contrary, have sent off 20,000 and received only 8,000, so that I am 12,000 proportionately weaker. under these circumstances, a flank movement, I think, would be hazardous. Lee would hold his lines and act on the defensive until he heard from Hill, and the latter, even if he failed to drive Warren (when Warren withdraw of his own accord, which he will do after exhausting his supplies), Hill could return and threaten our rear either of the flank movement or of the lines, the latter being necessarily open. I instructed Warren to communicate with me and hoped to have head to-day. He was ordered positively to send a party in advance on his return to report his rout. It would probably be well to hold a command in hand to meet him incase any intelligence should be received rendering this necessary. Do you wish Miles to remain out to-morrow? He will not be withdrawn without your orders.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 9, 1864.

(Received 10.05 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

Miles may be withdrawn to-morrow afternoon. It will be well, as you say, to be in readiness to move out to meet Warren if he should require assistance.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 9, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I forward dispatch just received.* The fighting referred to was probably Hampton's cavalry disputing our possession of the railroad.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 9, 1864-12.20 p. m.

Brigadier-General PATRICK:

The commanding general directs that you send Captain Soper's unassigned company New York Volunteers to Patrick's Station as soon as practicable by railroad. The company should, if possible, come up by the 3 p. m. train to-day. Captain Soper on arriving at Patrick's Station will report to General Humphreys at the Peebles house. The company should have shelter-tents, four days' subsistence, and sixty rounds of ammunition on the person. Please report at what hour the company will leave. The company will probably be assigned to the One hundred and eighty-ninth New York Volunteers.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Humphreys to Meade, 9.50 p. m., p. 908.

---------------

