
brigade and division left Waynesborough last Wednesday evening and arrived in Richmond yesterday morning; left Richmond yesterday afternoon; got off the cars about two miles the other side of Petersburg and marched southwest about six miles to the outside of Petersburg; relieved other troops in the trenches (cannot tell what troops) about dark last night; went out on picket at dark last evening; the troops relieved marched off to the right. He further states that only two divisions, Gordon's and Pegram's, have left the Valley, both under command of General Gordon. General Early remains in the Valley with Rodes' old division and Breckinridge's old command (now Wharton's, I think). Gordon's and Pegrams' divisions comprise what was once Johnson's and Early's divisions, of Ewell's corps. They are greatly reduced and cannot possibly number more than 6,000 or 7,000 men, unless the regiments have been filled lately with conscripts, of which we have no information. Informant states that Early had five divisions of infantry with him in the Valley, as follows: Rodes, Gordon, Ramseur (now Pegram), Breckinridge (now Wharton), and Kershaw, of Longstreet's corps. He thinks Early has left at present in the Valley Wharton's Rodes', and Kershaw's divisions. He is undoubtedly ignorant of the departure of Kershaw of late, which would leave Early the old division of Rodes and Wharton's small division. As far as informant's statement can be corroborated by our information we find it correct, and have every reason to believe his story.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

Informant could not say that Pegram's division also came on this side of the Appomattox, but he seems quite certain if left Richmond and followed Gordon's division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,December 9, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The Jerusalem plank road station reports:

A few stragglers appear moving toward out left west of Weldon railroad. A small camp was also broken up a short distance to the left of lead-works, and in our front a less number of tents appear than formerly. The force in our front is not as light as movements last evening would indicate. Probably the places of those moving out were partially filled up by troops from other points.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Colonel and Chief Signal Officer.

