HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 9, 1864-10.40 a. m. (Received 11.15 a. m.)

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I have had no report from General Miles yet. The head of his column moved before daylight. Immediately after sending you dispatch about deserter I sent a dispatch to General Miles giving him the statement of the deserter, and telling him both Heth and Wilcox were probably moving toward Warren; would pass through Dinwiddie Court-House, or, perhaps, nearer to Hatcher's Run, and hearing of his movement would probably strike at him. I directed him, therefore, to look out after crossing Hatcher's Run. Just as I had finished the dispatch I was informed the orderly sent with the communication for Colonel Kerwin could not find him and had not delivered it. I sent an officer with escort to General Miles accordingly, and directed him to communicate with Colonel Kerwin, and instruct that officer to join him or continue on the Halifax road, as he considered best under the circumstances. By the same staff officer I sent a communication to Colonel Kerwin. I will send at once another officer to General Miles to learn what he has done, &amp;c., and to caution him again to move carefully after he crosses Hatcher's Run.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 9, 1864-10.30 a. m. (Sent 11.40 a. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Dispatch 10.25 received. All right. Hold a command ready to support Miles in case it should be necessary to extricate him from any embarrassment. I look to his being annoyed on his right flank, probably by the Duncan road. I think Seymour's reserves would be the best to send out, as your left is now weak.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,December 9, 1864-11.15 a. m.

General MEADE:

An officer of the Fifth Corps, Major Hughes, who went out to report to General Miles this morning, is just in. He brings no dispatch from General Miles, but informs me that he left General Miles' command about 10.30 at Hatcher's Run, where there was some firing of musketry going on-the enemy apparently cavalry, and he thought our troops were about crossing. Colonel Kerwin was with General Miles.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

December 9, 1864-11.25 a. m. (Sent 11.30 a. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Dispatch of 11.15 received and satisfactory. I notified Colonel Kerwin of the change of programme, and informed him he would be

