
the Weldon railroad; that all of Heth's and Wilcox's divisions are on the right. Informant thought all of Hoke's and Field's divisions have gone to Early or Chaffin's Bluff. Prisoners from the cavalry represent General Dearing's brigade, of W. H. F. Lee's division. Have a complete organization of the enemy's cavalry, which I will forward this a. m.

J. C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, October 1, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: One lieutenant and twenty-seven men, prisoners of war, have just been received from the headquarters of the Fifth Army Corps. They were captured last evening and this morning. They fully represent the entire division of General Heth, and are from nearly every regiment of the division. Four or five of them are from the cavalry, and represent Young's and Dearing's brigades. Only one man from any other division, who belongs to Tenth Georgia, Wright's brigade, Mahone's division. Every regiment of Cooke's and Kirkland's brigades is represented, and several regiments of Archer's and Davis', composing all of Heth's division. They will not give any information, and I think have none of any importance.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 1, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Nine contrabands have just been forwarded. They came down the Appomattox from the Pocahontas side last evening in a boat. They state that Hoke's division moved up Sycamore street, down Old street to Campbell's Bridge night before last and crossed the river. Cannot say whether they were going to Chaffin's Bluff or Early. Some infantry moved in the same direction yesterday. Cars were waiting on the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad for troops last night; hospitals being removed to the Chesterfield side yesterday. Can give nothing more definite than the above.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. BABCOCK.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION, October 1, 1864-6.45 a. m.

Major B. F. FISHER:

A column of infantry has just come out of woods in vicinity of large fort west of the Weldon railroad and moved southward on the railroad; the column was fifteen minutes in passing. No changes or movements visible in other points of the rebel lines.

H. W. FULTON,

Sergeant.

