
advised by your what officer commanded the infantry division and how he was to co-operate. On receiving your dispatch, saying he had been ordered to move on the Vaughan road, I sent him another order to the same effect. I send copies of both orders. These he received, and ought, therefore, to be with Miles or on the Vaughan road in Miles' rear. The transfer of Hoke's division to my front and the arrival of two divisions of Early make Lee strong enough to detach a proportionate force after Warren and still keep a force in my front of equal proportions to mine, as he had before. Under these circumstances, if Miles gets beyond supporting distance from here, the security of his command may be jeopardized and we embarrassed. Your instructions to him, however, seem to guard against this.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 9, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The following dispatch just received from General Miles. He has already been directed to cross at Armstrong's Mill, to turn the force at Vaughan road, if necessary. I have sent Major Bingham to him, and shall learn what further orders to give upon his return.

A. A. HUMPRHEYS,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 9, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: I struck the enemy's skirmishers at Cummings' house and drove them across the river, but I found it very difficult to cross after making several attempts. The enemy have a strong rifle-pit on the other side and have felled trees in the river, making it almost impossible to charge across with cavalry. I am placing two guns in position to endeavor to shell them out of the work opposite the ford. Thus far I have seen nothing but cavalry and mounted infantry. I have sent two regiments of cavalry to the ford on the right and one to the left with orders to force a crossing.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILES' DIVISION,December 9, 1864-12 m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that General Miles has possession of the crossing of Hatcher's Run, on the Vaughan road. The crossing was obstructed so that the troops had the greatest difficulty in getting over, and the works on the opposite bank were held, I think, by infantry in some force, but who did not remain to defend them after we crossed.

