HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 9, 1864-4.45 p.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding:

Lieutenant Humphreys has just returned from the cavalry. He left there at 3 o'clock, three-quarters of a mile beyond Gravelly Run. No enemy in front; they were still moving out. No information of the enemy gained from the people of the country.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 9, 1864-4.50 p.m. (Received 5.15 p.m.)

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have sent for the contraband. Major Driver has evidently not seen him, but he stated explicitly that the contraband had come from the Boydton plank road this morning and from the south side of Hatcher's Run. The contraband must have been some of Heth's and Wilcox's troops on the Boydton plank road south of Hatcher's Run, after they had crossed at Burgess' Mill, moving south. I concluded they were moving for Warren. It may be they only moved to take position across the Quaker road. I have an impression that deserters or others have said that they were ready for us in that vicinity-that is, had thrown up intrenchments there since our last movement; but still my judgment is that the troops seen were moving against Warren. The contraband, I understand, lives at a house on the Boydton plank road, one or two miles south of Hatcher's Run, and would have seen the troops this morning on his way to Armstrong's Mill if the troops were posted to meet a movement on the South Side Railroad. He did not see any. The contraband must have come to Armstrong's by the Dabney Mill road.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,December 9, 1864-5.20 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

Major Bingham, of my staff, is just in from the cavalry, whom he left about 4 o'clock near the intersection of the Vaughan and Quaker roads. No enemy in sight. Fifteen minutes later the cavalry captured a mail-carrier on his way from Stony Creek Depot to Petersburg with letters. He stated that the cavalry had gone after Warren; that Hill's corps was at Dinwiddie Court-House, but would not say whether any of it had gone after Warren. Major Bingham learned this from Major Jay, who left the cavalry after him. The mail-carrier and mail, I suppose, will be forwarded to me at once. I have ordered General Miles to that effect in regard no those he captures.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.

