
understand, therefore, that the cavalry have been sent up the Quaker road or north toward the Boydton plank, and down this new road or southeast toward Stony Creek. The report of the mail-carrier that Hill was at Dinwiddie would confirm the statement of the Armstrong contraband so far as Heth and Wilcox are concerned. I hope this mail-carrier and his mail will be sent in. If there has been any firing in the direction of Dinwiddie it must be that Warren has pushed Gregg out to feel in that direction, because he expected to strike the road at Jarratt's, which would not be in the direction of Dinwiddie. If Hill's whole corps, with all the cavalry, has gone after Warren, he will have to meet a force nearly equal to his own. I shall await with some anxiety the examination of the mail-carrier. Have you any further intelligence of his whereabouts?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 9, 1864-8.05 p.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Yes; I understand the Military road to be the continuation south of the Quaker road, probably until it intersects the Flat-Foot road, which runs to Stony Creek Station. The Military road must cross Stony Creek before intersecting the Flat-Foot road. It was on the Military road that the mail-carrier was captured. He ought to have been here by this time. I have read Miles' dispatch again. He sent a squadron to advance up the Quaker road as far as Stony Creek, and to follow toward the Boydton road until they struck the enemy. I don't think he sent a squadron down the Military road to its crossing at Stony Creek. It would have been well to have had one go there. Major Bingham told me the negro who mentioned hearing firing in the direction of Dinwiddie Court-House was very old and very much frightened. I don't think any stress should be placed on his statement. I have heard nothing further of the mail-carrier. Will send Major Bingham after him. General Miles is well posted, covering the crossings of Hatcher's him. General Miles is well posted, covering the crossings of Hatcher's Run near the Vaughan road, and watching that at Armstrong's Mill and covering the Vaughan road from Hatcher's Run to this side of Cumming's. General Wheaton was directed to take post on his right, covering the Squirrel Level road, which runs from Fort Cummings past Claypole's, entering the Vaughan road near Wilkinson's. He did not get out there until after dark considerably, and too late to notify Miles' troops and advance to cover Tucker's. The troops will remain there to-night, I suppose.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,Near Hatcher's Run, December 9, 1864-7 p.m.

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the cavalry under Colonel Kerwin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, has sent a party to within one mile and a half of the Boydton plank road, where was found a

