HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 9, 1864-10.15 p.m.

General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Second Corps:

The accompanying dispatch* from General Meade answers your telegram of 10.05 p.m. to myself. The commanding general desires that General Miles keep his cavalry to the front to-morrow, and, if it has not already been done, that he cause a bridge to be constructed over the run for the cavalry.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 9, 1864-10.15 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Dispatch and rebel mail received. The lieutenant-general commanding desires Miles and his command to remain out till to-morrow afternoon. I expect the mail-carrier told about all he knew. Warren will have to look out for himself, but we must be on the qui vive to send assistance to him in case we hear of his requiring it. I don't think we can do anything by moving to the left.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 9, 1864-11.15 p.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

The following changes have been made in my command since last report. General Miles' division, with one battery of artillery, moved out at daylight on the Vaughan road, on a reconnaissance across Hatcher's Run, and is posted near the run, covering the Vaughan road. The cavalry detachment with him reconnoitered as far as the Quaker road. General Wheaton, with the reserve of the Sixth Corps and one battery of artillery, moved out in the afternoon to Miles' right and is posted crossing the Squirrel Level and Vaughan roads. One section of Clark's New Jersey Battery was placed in Fort Welch in addition to the former armament of that work.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General of Volunteers.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

December 9, 1864.

To meet existing circumstances it is directed that all works not necessary for the defense of the lines of the army be suspended for the present, and that all enlisted men on special or detailed duty, who can possibly be spared from such duty, be returned to the ranks.

The above instructions are telegraphed from headquarters Army of the Potomac.

By order of Major-General Humphreys:

September CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

