
cross, being opposed by Young's brigade of cavalry. Colonel Kerwin is placed under your orders, and, with his cavalry and your division (excepting that part assigned to hold the intrenchments, pickets, &amp;c.), will move as soon after daylight this morning as practicable, by the Vaughan road, force the passage of Hatcher's Run, and make a reconnaissance beyond, to ascertain what movements of the enemy are going on. This you will probably effect by moving as far as the intersection of the Vaughan and Halifax roads, marked on the accompanying map in red. A battery of artillery will accompany you to be assigned by Lieutenant-Colonel Hazard, chief of artillery, Second Corps. As the reconnaissance will probably be effected during the day, you will probably not require any transportation, but may take your light headquarters wagons and some ambulances. Keep me advised constantly of your progress and of any information you may obtain. Colonel Kerwin has already been ordered to move on the Vaughan road as soon after daylight this morning as practicable and to report to you for orders. Colonel Kerwin's headquarters are at Gregg's headquarters on the Jerusalem plank road near the rear line. Gibbon has been ordered to send a brigade to relieve your reserves.

By order of Major-General Humphreys:

September CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 9, 1864.

Major General N. A. MILES,

Commanding Reconnaissance:

A deserter from Gordon's division, of Early's corps, came in this morning. He says the division he belongs to left the Valley near Staunton yesterday morning, coming by railroad to Petersburg, arriving there before sunset last evening, and marching to the intrenchments near Boisseau's, and relieving the troops there. He says Pegram's division, of Early's corps, was to follow Gordon's division. Gordon has no doubt relieved Heth's division and perhaps Wilcox's, and they are moving against Warren. Mahone's division moved against him yesterday morning. Heth's and Wilcox's would move through Dinwiddie Court-House, or may march toward Stony Creek, passing nearer Hatcher's Run than Dinwiddie Court-House. In either case, hearing of your movement, one or both may strike at you; so look out after you cross Hatcher's Run. If you find the run strongly defended at crossing of Vaughan road there is a crossing at Armstrong's Mill, one mile and a half above, by which you might turn the first.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 9, 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General MILES,

Commanding Reconnaissance:

I learn from General Meade, that not only have the two divisions of Early arrived at Petersburg, but that Hoke's division has been brought this side of the James River. Be cautious in advancing beyond Hatcher's

