
CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 164. December 9, 1864-6.15 p.m.

The object of the expedition having been accomplished, the command will commence to return to-morrow. General Gregg will send one brigade, to be at these headquarters at 6 a.m., to precede the command to Sussex Court-House. This will be followed by Griffin's division in charge of the trains. General Ayres will begin to withdraw from his present position at 7 a.m., and will follow General Griffin. General Mott will remain in his present position until General Ayres has passed him, when he will follow. General Crawford will maintain his present position until all the infantry has passed him. General Gregg, with his remaining two brigades, will cover the movement. Each command in marching to-morrow will deploy a strong line of skirmishers well out to the right and left to bring in all those who have straggled from their commands. The object of his arrangement is to guard against petty annoyances. Any earnest offer of battle by the enemy will be accepted and the movement modified as far as necessary to accept it by the part of the command against whom the attempt is made. Headquarters will remain in its present position until General Mott's division has passed. It is announced to the command that General Gregg drove the enemy's cavalry across the Meherrin River and into their fortifications at Hicksford in a gallant manner, in which we have to lament, among others, the loss of Major Sargent. The railroad was destroyed to Hicksford.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS,] HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,

December 9, 1864-7.30 p.m.

The command will be ready to move at 6 a.m. to-morrow. Order of march: Second Brigade, Third Brigade, Mink's battery, First Brigade. By command of Brevet Major-General Griffin:

GEO. MONTEITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,December 9, 1864-6 p.m.

[General WARREN:]

GENERAL: The destruction of the railroad is complete. The bridge has been effectually destroyed. I have withdrawn the troops of my command to the north of the river. The officer commanding the regiments of cavalry still in our rear was here before your return. He desires some instructions for the night. I can communicate with him, if you desire. My pickets have been established around my command from toward Griffin across the railroad to the east of the Halifax road.

Very respectfully,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.

