
WASHINGTON, December 9, 1864-4 p.m.

Major General FRANK WHEATON,

Commanding First Division, Sixth Corps:

I shall leave to-morrow with the Second Division.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,December 9, 1864-2.15 p.m.

General WHEATON,

Commanding Reserves, Sixth Corps:

You will move at once out the Vaughan road and take position near Tucker's, or between that and Thompson's, so as to cover the two roads to Fort Cummings and co-operate with General Miles, who is directed to remain at the crossing of Hatcher's Run. You will connect with him, and, at any rate, keep the Vaughan road open. You had better stop and see me on your way out. I will send a staff officer with you who knows that country, if he returns in time.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,December 9, 1864.

Major CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

MAJOR: As it is directed, in case of a movement, that I am to remain within the defenses, and this division is to be placed at the command of Brigadier-General Wheaton, who is directed to make such consolidation as he may deem proper, I would prefer to take an entire brigade from the Third Division for duty in the forts, &amp;c., that have been indicated to me. At present these details are made so that two small brigades, of, say, 1,000 each, will report to General Wheaton. I can give him, and would prefer to do so, one strong brigade. Please inform me, by return of the bearer, whether I may effect such change, which I do not do at once because the details have been reported to the major-general commanding the Second Corps.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General SEYMOUR,

Commanding Third Division, Sixth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to say that he considers it desirable for you to take an entire brigade from the Third Division for duty in the forts under your command in case of a movement, provided the number in that brigade does not exceed in number the force already designated to hold the forts, pickets, picket reserves, &c.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

September CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

