
where between the Squirrel Level road and the Boydton plank road, about a mile west of the Weldon railroad. From their statement they must have come into our lines on the Squirrel Level road. They think Cooke's brigade is on the extreme left of Heth's division, which is posted from right to left a s follows: Archer, Kirkland, Davis, and Cooke. Have not any knowledge of the position of the right. Dunovant's cavalry brigade connects with Archer. On the left of their division Lane's brigade of Wilcox's division is posted. Think al of Wilcox's division is there, extending to the left beyond the lead-works. Scales' brigade of this division in in the vicinity of the lead-works. Do not know of any troops in reserve; think there are none.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK,
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 270. October 6, 1864.

1. Leave of absence is granted to the following-named officer: Bvt. Major General G. Mott, volunteer service, for ten days.

* * * * * * *

9. Bvt. Brigadier General H. L. Brown, volunteer service, having, in compliance with the instructions of the War Department, reported at these headquarters, will report for further order to the major-general commanding the Second Army Corps.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 6, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major FISHER:

Sergeant Carothers, of Caruthel, reports that at 8 a. m. 200 infantry passed to the left on line Weldon railroad, coming from works in vicinity large fort. All quiet and no other changes or movements observed. Sergeant Jordan reports all quiet. Captain Thickstun report s that an artillery camp near lead-works has disappeared. All quiet.

P. A. TAYLOR,

Captain and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 6, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

If General Mott's division has rejoined you the commanding general desires that you will return to these headquarters to-day Colonel Collis' command, now at Fort Bross.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

