HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF NEW BERNE,New Berne, N. C., December 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. H. HITCHCOCK, Commanding Outposts, Batchelder's Creek:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding directs that you immediately draw in all the outpost guards under your command, with the exception of those of the Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers.

You will draw the three days' rations of hard bread, coffee, sugar, and pork, and march with all your available force, with sixty rounds of ammunition, at 9 o'clock to-night. You will take with you all the guides now at Batchelder's Creek, take the Neuse road, and march as far as Core Creek, and then await further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. T. PARKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 10, 1864-1 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I send you two dispatches*, all the information received this morning. Eight men deserted to the enemy yesterday and last night from the Second Corps. Two men were ordered to be hung at 12 to-day convicted of desertion to the enemy. I have directed Major-General Humphreys to commence withdrawing the troops under Miles at 2 p.m. to-day. The men having suffered very much from the storm of last night, I wished to give them time to get in their camps before dark. I have directed Major-General Parke to hold his available reserves, about 8,00, ready on the Jerusalem plank road, to move at a moment's notice, without trains, to Warren's relief, if necessary. The cavalry will accompany this command. Should the contingency arise before the arrival of the division of the Sixth Corps, I propose to move up General Benham's command to support Parke's line. If this meets with your approval I would be glad that General Benham should be so notified.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 10, 1864-1.20 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

I think it advisable to move with all the force you can to Warren's relief. Benham will be ordered up as you suggest. I don't think there should be any delay in starting out re-enforcements to Warren.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 10, 1864-1.28 p.m.

(Received 1.32 p.m.)

Major-General MEADE:

What point will you have Benham sent to? He will be sent out by rail as soon as he can be got off.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See Humphreys to Meade, 12.30 p.m., p. 927, and Fisher to Meade, transmitting signal dispatch of 10.35 a.m., p. 925.

---------------

