
CITY POINT, VA., December 10, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

General Ord reports on information of deserters that Hoke's division is still in his front. Was it not supposed that this division had gone to Petersburg? There has been an attack threatened all afternoon north of the James.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 10, 1864-7.40 p.m. (Sent 7.45 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I forward dispatches* from signal officer and from General Miles, who just before withdrawing had some skirmishing with the enemy across Hatcher's Run. General Potter's column moved at 6 p.m. He has orders to march all night and not to halt till he gets to the Nottoway. A regiment of engineers, with a canvas bridge, accompanies him. The cavalry required time to get ammunition, rations, and forage, but as soon as supplied will be pushed after him. Your dispatch of 7.35 [7.30] just received. I have presumed Hoke to be in my front, but believe the information came from you, I supposed, through General Butler. I will inquire if any deserters have reported him here.

GEO. G. MEADE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 10, 1864-8.25 p.m. (Sent 8.45 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

On application to the provost-marshal department I find there has been no information received here of Hoke's being in our front. A report existed at one time that he had gone to North Carolina, but was not considered reliable. The intelligence of his being south of the Appomattox having come from you, I presumed it was based on information from General Butler's line and was undoubted. You will perceive the signal officers continued to report to-day, as they have for several days past, the movement of troops into Petersburg from the direction of Richmond. If these are all of Early's army, he cannot have left many in the Valley.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 10, 1864-5.45 p.m.

Captain P. SCHUYLER, Assistant Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: The commanding general directs that Lieutenant-Colonel Walsh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, with all his available force, report to Colonel Kerwin, at the camp of the headquarters Second Cavalry Division, with the least delay possible. The command will be prepared to be absent four days.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Fisher to Meade, 5 p.m., p. 925, and Miles to Carncross, 2.40 p.m., p. 928.

---------------

