
move at once, is delayed for the want of ammunition. A supply of Burnside ammunition has been ordered by a special train and is expected to arrive soon at Hancock's Station. The commanding general directs that you at once proceed to that station, and that as soon as the ammunition arrives you take it to the camp of the headquarters Cavalry Division, and issue it to Colonel Kerwin's command with the least delay possible.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 10, 1864-9.15 p.m.

Colonel KERWIN,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: The commanding general has just learned that two of your regiments armed with Burnside carbines have no ammunition. He, therefore, directs that you do not commence your movement to-night until the Burnside ammunition, which has been ordered from City Point, and which is to come by a special train to Hancock's Station, and for the delivery of which to you arrangements have been made, reaches you.

The commanding general is much surprised to find that you are out of ammunition, and directs me to inquire why you have no reserve ammunition on hand of all the kinds used by your troops. The moment the ammunition which has been sent for reaches you the commanding general directs that you proceed to execute the instructions you have received from himself and Brevet Major-General Potter.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,December 10, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report: The command will move as soon as the ammunition is received. I was left in command here on the morning of the 7th, was ordered out at noon, and have been out with the command almost continuously ever since. Every man of the command has been engaged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. KERWIN,

Colonel Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Ordnance, Office, December 10, 1864.

Colonel M. KERWIN,

Commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: In compliance with orders received from you I have the honor to make the following report:

When the division marched on the 7th instant I had in the reserve ammunition train, under my charge, the full supply of ammunition as

