
town roads to our right, with three days' rations. Two deserters came in last night from the picket to the right of Fort Harrison, and state that they belong to Colquitt's brigade, Hoke's division, which division they say marched to the James River a few days since, but did not cross, turned around and came back. I have made the best disposition I could, and have small reserves ready to march to threatened points. At dark dropping shots were still being fired on the Signal Hill front.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers.

CITY POINT, VA., December 10, 1864.

General ORD,

Twenty-fourth Army Corps:

There is very good evidence that Hoke's division went south several days ago. If so, Field's and Kershaw's are the only two left. You can re-enforce by taking a part of your force from Bermuda. Your lines are very strong, and by rapidly moving your reserves from where they are not wanted to where they are, I think you will be able to hold against the enemy. It is hardly likely they will mass much force on your extreme right and endanger being cut off from Richmond. Great vigilance, however, will be necessary on our whole line, and especially so about daylight in the morning. It might be a proper precaution to send all your surplus teams south of the river or inside the fort at Deep Bottom.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,December 10, 1864. (Received 12.20 p.m.)

Lieutenant-colonel Bowers:

The enemy have driven in our cavalry pickets at the Johnson farm, and are moving in what is reported to be a heavy force down the Darbytown road toward our right. I think it must be merely a reconnaissance. I will report again as soon as the object of the movement is developed.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.

CITY POINT, December 10, 1864-1 p.m.

Major-General TERRY:

It is more than likely the enemy suspect we have weakened our lines north of the James much more than we have, and the object of the present move is to find out, but be prepared if there should be an attack on any part of your line.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

