
will be available in any attack in the direction of the plank road as a prompt support. The Third Brigade, Colonel McAllister, will relieve the garrison in Fort Davis and occupy one-half of the line between Forts Davis and Hays. The Second Brigade, General Pierce, will relieve the garrison in Fort Hays and one-half the line between Forts Hays and Davis. The connecting line and rifle-pits need only be manned by a thin line. All the reserve of these two brigades will be massed in rear of and near Fort Hays. The division will picket from the plank road to the left to a point halfway between the plank road and Fort Howard, connecting with the Fifth Corps. Colonel McAllister will furnish the picket immediately. Commanders will report the garrisons and names of commanders of inclosed works as soon as the change is complete. The police of the intrenchments is represented to be very bad, and the attention of the commanders is called to this matter.

By command of Brevet Major-General Mott:

J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 6, 1864.

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division, Second Corps:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders received from headquarters Third Division, Second Corps, I have the honor to report that I have relieved Colonel Collis at the fort on the Norfolk railroad, in rear of headquarters Second Corps, with the Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Captain John R. Ross commanding, numbering 17 commissioned officer and 215 enlisted men for duty.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. PIERCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 6, 1864-2.15 p. m.

Colonel F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps:

Some days ago I telegraphed to General Warren, asking with what regiment he desired to have the Fort-fourth New York Volunteers consolidated. We have heard nothing in reply. Was the dispatch received? The instructions of the War Department upon the subject appear to contemplate that the order of consolidation be issued here.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 6, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Warren has assigned the remnant of the Forty-fourth New York Volunteers to the One hundred and fortieth and One hundred

