HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,December 10, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General TURNER

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A prisoner of the Eighth North Carolina, captured near Johnson's house, represents that Kershaw has taken post with his division in front of Fort Harrison. Hoke's division and Field's moved out on the Charles City and Darbytown roads to our right. They got orders last night about 1 o'clock to strike tents and move with three days' rations. I send the man to you at once. Colonel West reports that the enemy is moving on his right in the slashing toward Spring Hill.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

CITY POINT, VA., December 10, 1864-11 a. m.

General SHEPLEY,

Norfolk, Va.:

General Warren has been out five days on the Weldon road and nothing heard from him since the evening of the first day. Have you heard through scouts by the way of Suffolk anything from him? I wish you would send out and see if information can be got. It may be possible that General Warren will have to fall back by way of Suffolk, and if he does forage and provisions will have to be sent to him.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 10, 1864-1 p.m.

Brigadier-General SHEPLEY,

Norfolk, VA.:

Please send a trusty scout by way of Suffolk, or such other route as you deem best, to try to communicate with General Warren, who is between Stony Creek and Hicksford. Have him notify General Warren for me that it is my desire that he should avoid battle as much as possible. If necessary he can come in to Suffolk, get rations and forage there, and return here by such route as may then be deemed best.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NORFOLK, VA., December 10, 1864-8 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commander-in-Chief, U. S. Armies:

Your dispatch is received. I have heard nothing of General Warren. A cavalry expedition will start at daylight in the morning for the information you desire. Please notify me when you hear of General Warren's return.

Respectfully,

G. F. SHEPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

