
NORFOLK, VA., December 10, 1864-8 p.m. (Received 11th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your second telegram of this date is received. I shall make immediate arrangements to communicate with General Warren.

GEO. F. SHEPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 11, 1864-4.30 p.m. (Received 9 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

There has been no news from Warren since the evening after he left. The Richmond papers, however, contain no news of any engagement with him beyond a rumored fight between Hampton's cavalry and some of his forces. A force of some 8,000 men was sent south yesterday under General Potter to secure his return. The latest news contained in Richmond papers of yesterday from Sherman's army says that on the 7th he was east of the Ogeechee, twenty-five miles from Savannah, marching on that place. On the 6th he had marched his army eighteen miles.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 11, 1864-8.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The following dispatch from General Warren has been received from General Meade:

SUSSEX COURT-HOUSE, December 11, 1864-11 a.m.

General GEORGE G. MEADE:

I have completely destroyed the railroad track from the Nottoway to Hicksford, and my command is all at the crossing of the Nottoway. Time did not allow me to go in between the Nottoway and Stony Creek, but that can be done at any time. I have met but trifling opposition or annoyance, but the marching and working night and day has been very fatiguing and the weather very uncomfortable. The men, however, stood it all in good spirit, and we have made the best marching I have ever seen. The roads are now in a very bad condition. I propose to return to-morrow.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 11, 1864-10.15 a.m. (Sent 10.25 a.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I send a dispatch* just received from General Potter. The orderly bringing it says the cavalry were arriving when he left, so that I hope during the course of the day to receive positive intelligence of Warren.

---------------

*See Potter to Williams, 5.30 a.m., p.967.

---------------

