
that arrived in Richmond passed directly through to Petersburg. The enemy have no troops north of the Williamsburg road. There is no guard at Bottom's Bridge, and nothing on the road between that point and Richmond. All troops have been moved from their left and placed more directly in General Butler's front. There are rumors in Richmond that General Butler has nothing but negroes left under his command, and the general supposition was that this movement was with a view to an attack on his forces. It is rumored that they intend is received from one who has every facility for knowing the condition of the enemy's railroad affairs: The Danville road is being used to its utmost capacity. Forty 8-wheeled cars come in daily loaded with supplies. They have twenty engines on the road, al in bad order. A great part of the time only four of five of them can be used. Occasionally they send twenty more cars in each day. The railroad cannot bring more than provisions enough to supply the wants of the army, and it is therefore impossible for them to get much of a surplus on hand. The track is in very bad condition, and they have had to take the rolling stock from the York River Railroad and lengthen the axles to fit the Danville road. They have also received some rolling stock from the East Tennessee road. The Central and Fredericksburg railroads bring about a fair supply of subsistence for the citizens in Petersburg and Richmond. Provisions, however, are very scarce in the towns. Flour is worth $400 per barrel. At the bridge on the Central railroad over the South Anna there is a guard of 600 reserves, with four pieces of artillery. On the Fredericksburg road at the bridge over the South Anna there is one company of forty men. There are about 120 mounted scouts north of the South Anna patrolling the country and guarding the railroad. One of our agents on the north side of the James reports that a great number of our men are deserting, and seem to have a regular run way through Charles City County. Night before last fifteen crossed the Long Bridge over the Chickahominy. About fifty have crossed there within the last week. They were piloted by a man of the name of Bob Mattox. There is also a mail line being run through that way. Most of those connected with it are known to this department, and measures will be taken to arrest the parties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers McENTEE,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, December 11, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Deserters from Wallace's, Gracie's, and Ransom's brigades, of Johnson's division, came into the Ninth Army Corps lines about daylight this a.m. Johnson's division remain unchanged. One of informants reports that Johnson was expected to move to North Carolina last week and was ordered to be in readiness; that Kershaw's division came down from Richmond and encamped near Petersburg to the rear of Johnson, and was said to be ready to relieve Johnson's division when it moved out. On Thursday Kershaw's division moved to the right, but informant cannot say where to, though he thinks it

