HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Avery's House, December 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CLOUGH,

Eighteenth New Hampshire:

You will immediately report to these headquarters with your whole command ready to march to the vicinity of Fort Sedgwick. A staff officer will conduct you to the position to be occupied. You will report to Colonel Pleasants, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania, while on this duty.

By order of Brigadier General H. W. Benham:

CHANNING CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, December 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS:

General Miles reports following casualties in his division during the 9th and 10th instant: Wounded, twenty enlisted men; missing, thirteen enlisted men. This does not include casualties in the cavalry.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

December 11, 1864-10.30 a.m. (Sent 10.40 a.m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Cant's you find out what troops are in your front either by authorizing some intercourse with the pickets or by a dash, getting some prisoners? Ord telegraphs that Hoke is still north of the James, and all testimony goes to show that Hill's corps has been detached. This ought to leave the lines in our front to Johnson's division and the two reported as arriving from Early, viz, Gordon and Pegram. The prisoners taken by Miles yesterday told one of Babcock's men, put in among them disguised as a rebel, that there was no infantry near them yesterday, and that we could have gone without opposition to the South Side Railroad. They acknowledged having told Miles of infantry being there, but said it was to deceive him. Of course men who will lie once will do so again, but the fact of Hoke's not being here and Hill absent would seem to corroborate the last statement. I have heard from Potter at the Nottoway at 5 a.m. this morning. Had heard nothing positive about Warren, but no bad news, which is good news. Have any deserters been reported this morning?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

December 11, 1864-11.35 a.m. (Received 11.55 a.m.)

Major-General MEADE:

Two deserters came in this morning, who are on their way to your headquarters, if not there by this time. They are from the Seventh Louisiana, Hays' old brigade, now in Gordon's division. From their statement I understand that Gordon's division occupies the front formerly

