
of the Sixth Corps. In addition thereto, a division officer of the day from each division will be detailed who will be the field officer of the day, and will remain on the line the pickets of his division during his tour of duty. The details of general officer of the day from the 11th to the 12th will be made by General Seymour. The general officer of the day will report in person to the major-general commanding at 10 a.m. daily, when going on and coming off of duty.

By order of Major-General Humphreys:

September CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, December 11, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Nothing unusual along our lines. Seven deserters have been brought in-five from Sixtieth Alabama, two from Twenty-sixth South Carolina. They have no definite information about movements. All agree about troops moving to their right, and I judge from their stories that their lines in our front have been somewhat weakened. General Benham has reported with abut 1,800 muskets.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF POTOMAC, December 11, 1864-9.30 p.m. (Sent 9.40 p.m.)

General J. G. PARKE,Commanding Ninth Corps:

Please report by telegraph what position you have made of General Benham's troops. Are they massed or in the line? General Potter has returned to the vicinity of the Jones house, and orders will be sent to him from here to mass his troops there and hold them prepared to move at short notice.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, December 11, 1864-9.45 p.m.

General S. WILLIAMS:

General Benham's troops are massed about the center of my line, near the site of the Shands house. None of them are in the line. I had ordered about 300 of his men to take position in or near Fort Sedgwick but, hearing of the return of General Potter, the order was countermanded, and these men have been returned to their original position.

JNumbers G. PARKE,Major-General.

