HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, December 11, 1864-10.30 p.m.

General WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The troops of my division that accompanied me on the movement are encamped in rear of the main line to right and left of the Jerusalem plank road, where they were placed preparatory to the last move. Those of General Wilcox's division are encamped for the night near the rear line. General Hartranft's Third Division troops were to encamp part near here and part near the rear line. They have not yet reported as being in camp. I do not know if your dispatch intends to refer to any troops but those of my own division, but if it does I would respectfully suggest that if it is practicable it would be much better to have these troops remain where they are till daylight, as they are very much used up, having had no sleep last night and been moving all night and all to-day, and to move then again to-night would probably greatly impair their efficiency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier and Brevet Major-General.

The orderly will await an answer.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, December 11, 1864.

Brigadier General S. G. GRIFFIN,Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Parke directs that you instruct all officers commanding in your front to be on the qui vive, and report promptly any movement they may observe on the part of the enemy.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. M. LYDIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, December 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Gale still continues; clouds just breaking away; all ready and waiting. One of Mulford's steamers just in. Charleston Mercury of December 6 says: "Sherman was reported yesterday at Station No. 6 on the Georgia road, about sixty miles from Savannah, making for that city." No other news; have telegraphed this to Secretary of War.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., December 11, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Fortress Monroe:

Richmond papers of the 10th show that on the 7th Sherman was east of the Ogeechee, and within twenty-five miles of Savannah, having marched eighteen miles the day before. If you do not get off immediately you will lost the chance of surprise and weak garrison.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

