HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Holly, December 11, 1864-10.15 a.m.

Major THEO. H. SCHENCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Kautz's Division:

SIR: I made a reconnaissance this morning to the junction of the Long Bridge and Charles City roads and thence half a mile on the latter road toward Richmond without seeing anything of the enemy. A portion of their cavalry retired by this route last night, but their main force of cavalry and infantry took the more direct route to their lines. They retired about 9 o'clock last night, since when they have not been down on the roads I reconnoitered. I have my pickets on the same line as yesterday morning, a little strengthened in numbers. My main force is in the edge of the wood about a quarter of a mile in the rear of Fort Holly. I have learned that the force that drove in our pickets yesterday was Colonel Logan's regiment of cavalry. The infantry that came in on our left flank was composed in part of the Twenty-fourth Virginia, the other regiments not ascertained. Their force consisted of two, or perhaps three, regiments. I did not have time to question the wounded prisoners sent in the infantry ambulance.

My casualties are about fifteen to eighteen, three killed; will send in list soon.

There seems, so far as I can judge, no reason for the brigade remaining longer in support of the picket-line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANKLIN, A. STRATTON,

Lieutenant Colonel Eleventh Pennsylvania, Commanding Brigade.

NORFOLK, VA., December 11, 1864-4.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have sent a scout toward Hicksford, also three companies of cavalry in the same direction, also a like force of cavalry and two pieces of artillery to South Quay to hold the crossing of the Blackwater and move in the direction of Weldon. Rations and forage will be ready at a moment's notice to be at Suffolk if wanted.

GEO. F. SHEPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 11, 1864-7.30 p.m.

General SHEPLEY,

Norfolk, Va.:

Warren is at the Nottoway. Will return to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 12, 1864-10.40 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Deserters report Kershaw's division south of the Appomattox. Have you any information of its being withdrawn from Butler's front?

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

