HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, December 12, 1864-12.35 p.m.

Brigadier-General SEYMOUR,Commanding Third Division, Sixth Army Corps:

I desire to know whether you have a picket-line connecting with the Second Corps left on the Weldon railroad, running up the railroad toward Fort Dushane, and then covering that work and extending to the left of the Weldon railroad toward Gurley's house? The general officer of the day for the Sixth Corps for yesterday states your division officer reported to him there was no picket-line on the rear from your division.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 12, 1864-11 a.m.

Major General G. K. WARREN,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-Colonel Biddle, aide-de-camp, left here this morning with instructions to you requiring that the Fifth Corps take up the position between the Jerusalem and Halifax roads it occupied just before the movement from the Weldon railroad, and that Mott's division, Second Corps, report to Major-General Humphreys, commanding Second Corps. Colonel Locke reports in coming up the did not meet Colonel Biddle. The latter probably took the rear by Lee's Mill. The commanding general directs that you cause the supplies of the Fifth Corps to be replenished with as little delay as practicable, and that the corps be held in readiness to move at short notice.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, December 12, 1864-4 p.m.

General MEADE:

Can we not defer establishing any distant picket-line in the rear till to-morrow. Everybody in my command is quite tired out, and I have no line reconnoitered, nor can give any orders for establishing it till I do. It will give a deal of riding to the officers establishing it, and they will be unfitted for sudden movements, if called for. There will be a picket-line a short distance in advance of my camp, anyhow, but not connecting with others.

Respectfully,G. K. WARREN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 12, 1864-4.40 p.m.

Major-General WARREN:

The picket-line you have now near your camps will answer for to-day, and until more permanent arrangements are made.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

