
him to duty and command where he now is with his brevet rank, so that he can get aide-de-camp and staff. I would recommend for brevet Colonel N. M. Curtis, One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteers, First Brigade, Second Division, Tenth Army Corps, and Colonel F. A. Osborn, of the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, Third Brigade, First Division, Tenth Army Corps. Both these gentlemen are and have been long in command of brigade, and both distinguished themselves in the movement on the enemy's works near New Market. I would also recommend as brevet brigadiers three gentlemen commanding colored troops-Colonel Duncan, now in hospital, wounded, for gallant and meritorious service in leading a charge upon the enemy's works at Spring Hill; also Colonel A. G. Draper for like gallant conduct at the head of his brigade on the 29th of September at the same point; Major B. C. Ludlow, of the additional staff, for gallant and meritorious conduct in maintaining for many days his position under fire at Dutch Gap and for meritorious conduct in leading his troops in the charge on Spring Hill, August 30, 1864. This las gentleman is entitled to great praise for silent and quiet endurance and the example he has set for the men, having done more than any other officer to inspirit the colored troops with steady coolness under fire. He has had his quarters at Dutch Gap twice shot to pieces, almost under him, strenuously First Lieutenant Peter S. Michie, U. S. Corps of Engineers, for two brevets. If there is an officer in the army who is worthy of it and who has earned it by unremitting and meritorious services it is Lieutenant Michie. I would also recommend Brigadier General George J. Stannard, First Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, as brevet major-general, for the gallant an successful charge on Fort Harrison, one of the finest things of the war. General Stannard is at home, having lost an arm. I would also recommend Brigadier-General Kautz, commanding Cavalry Division of this army, as brevet major-general, for gallant meritorious services in conducting the cavalry expedition and cutting the Weldon railroad on the 5th of May, 1864, and again cutting the Danville and Richmond road on the 16th of May; again for gallant service in the expedition under General Wilson, bringing in his own cavalry safe from the attack of the enemy; and, lastly, for his vigilance and successful movements in the late advance on the north side of the James. I would also recommend for brevet Colonel G. V. Henry, of the Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, now commanding brigade, and Colonel J. Jourdan, of the One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Volunteers, for gallant and meritorious service in the charge on Fort Harrison. All these gentlemen recommended for brevets are now holding the command for which their brevet rank is asked; all the promotions to date from the 29th of September, 1864.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS KAUTZ'S CAVALRY DIVISION,October 6, 1864.

Major-General BIRNEY, Commanding Tenth Corps:

GENERAL: I send two refugees and four deserters. The refugees left Richmond since noon. The information they give of importance is

