HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 12, 1864-11 a.m.

Bvt. Major General D. McM. GREGG,Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to say that in directing you to draw in your pickets he did not design that the party on the telegraph road above Jordan's Point should be withdrawn. That detachment must remain out for the present.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 12, 1864.

Bvt. Major General D. McM. GREGG,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: When Colonel Kerwin, commanding the cavalry (left here by you during the recent movement down the Weldon railroad) was ordered to move with all his available force on the evening of the 10th instant, in connection with an infantry column sent to communicate with Major-General Warren, it was found that there was no ammunition for two of his regiments armed with Burnside carbines, and his movement was delayed for several hours to await the arrival of ammunition, specially ordered from the depot at City Point, although it was at the time deemed of the highest importance that he should start as soon as possible after receiving his instructions. The commanding general therefore directs that you cause an examination to be made to ascertain why the amount of ammunition required to be kept in reserve was not on hand for the two regiments, and that you report what officer is to be held responsible for the failure to provide the same.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 12, 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General ORD:

General Meade says Kershaw's division is reported south of the Appomattox. Have you heard of its withdrawal from your front?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, December 12, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

The Richmond Examiner of to-day says:

Our last advices from Georgia represent that Sherman was advancing toward Savannah by three parallel roads. He must be in vicinity of the city by this time. * * * Generals Beauregard, Hardee, Smith, and, we believe, Taylor, are in command of our forces.

