SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 24TH ARMY CORPS,No. 7. In the Field, Va., December 12, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

3. The Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers is assigned to duty as provost-guard at these headquarters, and will report to Lieutenant George F. McCabe, Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, provost-marshal, without delay, bringing with them their camp and garrison equipage, &amp;c. All commissioned officers and enlisted men of this regiment now on detached service within the division are relieved and will them their camp and garrison equipage, &c. All commissioned officers and enlisted are relieved and will report with the regiment unless specially exempted from these headquarters.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier General R. S. Foster:

ADRIAN TERRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., December 12, 1864.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. JOURDAN,

Commanding Fourth Brigade:

GENERAL: In pursuance of instructions from corps headquarters I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding to request that you will withdraw the detachment of the Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers from the ravine redoubt and add it to the garrison of the work on Signal Hill; also that you will increase the garrison of the work at Camp Holly to about 500 men, by adding to the Eighth Maine Volunteers and the Eighty-ninth New York Volunteers. These garrisons must keep five days' rations constantly on hand in the redoubts and 150 rounds of small-arm ammunition. As the abatis around these works need to be strengthened and pinned down, please direct the commanding officer of each to furnish such details as the engineer officer in charge of the works of this division may require for this purpose. I am any of the fallen timber or the slashing in front of these works or in front of the line of works on the Kingsland road, placing a guard to enforce this order if you find it to be violated.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADRIAN TERRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, December 12, 1864.

Major THEODORE READ,A. A. G., Twenty-fourth Army Corps:

I have the honor to report that the troops of this division, on hearing musketry firing on the right on the morning of the 10th instant, at once were placed in line. Shortly after Brevet Brigadier-General Henry, with the Third Brigade of this division, was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Foster, commanding First Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps. There was no skirmishing on the front occupied by my command during the day, neither was General Henry's brigade engaged, and I have no casualties to report.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. DEVENS,

Brigadier-General.

