HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, December 12, 1864.

Major THEODORE READ,Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-fourth Army Corps:

MAJOR: In reply to a communication from the brevet major-general commanding the corps, I have the honor to inform you that the work of strengthening the abatis in the front occupied by my division has already been commenced. There has been a little delay on account of the inability of Captain Bessey, the officer who has been placed in charge of the work, to procure the necessary tools. The attention of Colonel Granger will be called to the irregularity that was mentioned and means be taken to prevent its recurrence.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. DEVENS,

Brigadier-General.

HATCHER'S, December 12, 1864-11 p.m.

Major-General ORD:

I have just received word from my picket-line that there has been considerable movement of troops on my front in the enemy's line this evening, indicating an attack. I shall keep a portion of my troops under arms all night to prevent any surprise. You are aware that my infantry force is very small in case of an attack.

E. FERRERO,

Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 442. Washington, December 12, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

23. Brigadier General George J. Stannard, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person without delay to the Governor of the State of Vermont for such duties as may be assigned him during his convalescence and until further orders.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 13, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In compliance with your instructions, I submit the following list of articles deemed contraband and prohibited by the War Department from sale or trade in insurrectionary districts of the United States: All drugs, medicines, surgical instruments, chemical apparatus, cooking utensils, and hospital stores; cannon of all kinds; gun carriages of all kinds; caissons, ammunition-carts, battery wagons, and forges; all implements and equipments used in working guns; all projectiles for smooth-bore or rifled cannon; all muskets, rifles, carbines, pistols, sabers, swords, lances, and other small-arms and appendages for the

