
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 64. December 13, 1864.

I. Each division will furnish a detail of 500 men for picket duty, with the proper complement of officers and non-commissioned officers.

II. General Ayres will picket from a point half way between the Halifax road and the Jerusalem plank road. Colonel Roebling, aide-de-camp, will show the location of General Ayres' lines; Captain Cope, aide-de-camp, that of General Griffin's.

III. General Crawford, with his division, will picket east of the Jerusalem plank road, connecting with the cavalry pickets when established. Colonel Osborn, division inspector, will superintend the establishment of this line.

IV. It is probable that our present camp will not be long occupied. By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 65. December 13, 1864.

The command having returned from its late expedition after accomplishing successfully its mission-the destruction of the Weldon railroad as far as Hicksford, making forced marches during six days and nights in the most inclement weather-the major-general commanding considers it his duty to express to his division commanders-Brevet Major-General Gregg, commanding Second Cavalry Division; Brevet Major-Generals Griffin, Ayres, and Crawford, of the Fifth Corps, and Brevet Major-General Mott, commanding Third Division, Second Corps-his high appreciation and commendation of their performance of the instructions issued to them by hi. He desires that they will convey this approval to their commands, with such especial praise as they may deem due to individuals in their divisions.

The major-general commanding expresses his thanks to Brevet Major-General Wainwright, chief of artillery, for his efficient management of the artillery of the command; to Lieutenant Colonel A. L. Thomas, chief quartermaster, for the thorough manner in which he conducted the trains, and to Brevet Major Van Brocklin, Fiftieth New York Engineers, for his efficiency and promptness in the management of the pontoon train.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, December 13, 1864-10.35 a.m.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Nothing unusual has transpired along our lines during the past twenty-four hours. No deserters have been reported during the last two nights.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

