
position would be to place a brigade west of the Court-House and on the Norfolk railroad. This about would require the construction of another corduroy road. A telegraph line should pass from your headquarters, via the Williams and Westbrook houses, to McCann's Station, and thence following the direct road to Prince George Court-House.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 13, 1864-5.05 p.m.

Bvt. Major General D. McM. GREGG,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that at present it will not be necessary for you to move your own headquarters or the camps of your troops, provided they do not interfere with the infantry camps, farther than may be necessary for you to picket from the Jerusalem plank road to the James River. On your right you will connect with the infantry pickets on the Jerusalem road, and the commanding general desires that you will frequently send patrols to front of your picket-line and to Reams' Station, so as to give timely notice of any movements of the enemy from that quarter. The commanding general desires that you establish your picket-line between the Jerusalem road and the James River to-morrow. It is probable the infantry picket-line will terminate in the vicinity of Gary's Church. The commanding general desires that you will confer with Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Corps, as to the point of connection. As soon as your picket-line is established the commanding general wishes you to report its location.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,

December 13, 1864.

The picket-line of this division will be established to-morrow morning as follows: The First Brigade will picket from the plank road, near Gary's Church, across by Davenport Church to the Norfolk railroad, establishing reserves on the Lee's Mill road, near Brown's, on the road west of the Norfolk railroad, and in rear of Davenport Church. Three hundred men will be employed in performing this duty. The right of the line will connect with the picket-line of the Fifth Army Corps on the plank road. The Second Brigade will picket from the Norfolk railroad, connecting with the First Brigade to a point directly east of Prince George Court-House on the road leading north from Sinai Church, establishing strong reserves on the Quaker road at Sinai Church and on the left of the line. Three hundred men will be required to perform this duty. The Third Brigade will connect with the Second and continue the line through by Green's to the James River, establishing strong reserves on the stage and telegraph roads. Three hundred men will be employed in performing this duty.

By command of Brevet Major-General Gregg:

A. H. BIBBER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

