
was moving into their old quarters again, having just returned from down the plank road. Informants understood that all of Hill's corps had returned; saw and conversed with men from the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-third North Carolina, Lane's brigade. From informants we learn that Pegram's division moved to the right last evening, after the arrival of Hill's corps; how far, they cannot say. Lane's brigade was stationed from Battery No. 45 to the (enemy's) right and across Oak Grove road, in front of the Jones house. Lewis' brigade, of Pegram's division, has been occupying the same position, but was understood to have moved to the right last evening. Informants are conscripts, and have only been in the army one week to-day, joining their command in the Valley while it was on its way to Richmond. Have no other information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 14, 1864.

Captain McENTEE:

Deserters from Pegram's division report Lewis' brigade back last night; also the return of A. P. Hill's corps yesterday p.m. Pegram's division, and perhaps Gordon's, moved to the enemy's extreme right last evening, supposed in reserve.

J. C. BABCOCK.

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, December 14, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE,Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The Church road station reports:

At 9.30 a.m. three pieces of artillery and one caisson moved toward Petersburg on Cox road. During the day rather more wagons than the usual number were moving in both directions on Boydton and Cox roads, but no long trains noticed.

Plank road station reports:

The few tents taken down in our front on the right of the 8th were put up last night. Lines to the right and near Jerusalem plank road appear stronger than formerly; to the left are as before.

Avery house station reports that the enemy put up a number of tents to the left of lead-works during the day. At 11.30 a.m. the enemy took three pieces of artillery, probably the same mentioned in report from Church road station, into the works to the right of Fort Mahone. A small herd of cattle came into Petersburg from the direction of Richmond.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Colonel and Chief Signal Officer.

