
INDIANAPOLIS, May 30, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

Your order by telegraph received, but no clearly understood. See my telegram of yesterday. No volunteers have been called for three months except to guard prisoners. Twelfth and Sixteenth Regiments are reorganizing; will call for three additional regiments if you so order. Please instruct if you desire, viz, to raise our quota of three-months" volunteers, and also three additional regiments for during the war. I await answer. Governor Morton in New York on important business. Will visit Washington City soon.

LAZ. NOBLE,

Adjutant-General.

BOSTON, May 30, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The order Tuesday night telegraphed me was to release the militia and take only three-years" volunteers. Militia companies were unwilling to enlist, because liable by law of last year to same indefinite period. If President had telegraphed that after three- months" service he would release them, they would have been satisfied. There are no three-months" men under existing Congressional enactments. President may accept volunteers, however, for not less than six months. About four regiments of militia were released and sent home on Wednesday morning. We are trying to raise three regiments for three years, as your ordered. Six full companies marched on Monday from Fort Warren; remaining four companies full this week, I hope. Enlisting one battery for six months. I will try to do anything, but the recruitment imperatively demands the old bounty of $2 head to pay agents, and one month's advance to troops.l

JOHN A. ANDREW.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 30, 1862.

Governor TOD:

The newspapers report that your stirring appeal has produced quite a patriotic feeling and causing rapid enlistments. I hope you will send them on as rapidly as possible. They may be sent in companies as fast as organized and placed in a school of instruction here, and the regiments organized when sufficient number of companies arrive. If you have taken you three-months" men, they will of course be accepted so far as you have engaged. Corinth was evacuated last night.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, May 30, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

The service requires a commissary at this place. I have been compelled to act as such, using my contingent fund. The gallant boys of Ohio are responding handsomely to your call. Will commence sending companies to you early next week. The offers thus far are mainly

