
by State Governors." I supposed considerably larger number would be called for. Based plans and made proposals to you accordingly. While Vermont is not disposed to be nice in adjusting her equal proportion of troops to be raised for Government service, but will always do fully her part, yet two regiments now is so much above our proportion of 50,000 our people might not justify raising two, considering the State pays its soldiers $7 per months during war. In this view will one regiment answer purposes of Government? If so, outfit complete for one only need be sent. Answer immediately.

FREDK. HOLBROOK,

Governor of Vermont.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 31, 1862.

Governor HOLBROOK,

Brattleborough, Vt.:

The Government will accept all the troops that can be raised without regard to State proportions, provided they be ready to be mustered into service within a reasonable time. If you can raise but one regimen that will be sufficient, as others will raise more than their quota.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MILITARY RAILROADS, DIV. OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,

DEPT. OF CONSTRUCTION AND TRANSPORTATION,

June 2, 1862.

GENERAL ORDERS.]

To whom it may concern:

1. All orders and instructions in regard to the movements of trains must be given by the superintendent or his local representatives, the dispatches at stations.

2. No orders from any other source shall be obeyed if in conflict with instructions, unless they shall proceed from the commanding general, or from the chief of transportation, and in all such cases orders must be in writing, signed by Major-General McDowell or by Colonel Edmund Schriver, the chief of his staff, in person, and not by any other party for them, or either of them.

3. If written instructions shall be received which are in conflict with the orders of the superintendent, the fact of such conflict shall, if possible, be reported to the party giving the order with the request, if insisted on, that he indorse upon it the words "I assume the responsibility," and sign his name to it.

4. Such assumption of responsibility will not excuse he conductor or engineer if they fail to exercise due caution in running their trans upon such orders. No officer, no surgeon or assistant, no paymaster, quartermaster, or commissary, no person, civil or military, whatever his rank or position, shall have the right to detain a rain or order it to run in advance of schedule time. If cars are not unloaded or trains made up when the hour of starting arrives, engines must proceed with parts of trains, or without trains, and all the facts in detail must be reported in writing by the conductor, to be laid before the chief of transportation or the commanding general of the department.

