
5. Numbers extra trains or engines will be run upon the road except by orders of the superintendent, the chief of transportation, or the general in command of the department, through the local agent where the order may be given, and all extras must keep out of the way of trains running to schedule. When an extra is to be run the fact and the time of starting, as well as the time of departure from each telegraphic station, must be communicated to each station in advance, and the agent at each station thus notified shall post a notice conspicuously upon a bulletin board, and shall also notify conductors, engineers, and track repairers; but such notice shall not be so construed as to give the extra any right to the road on the line of schedule trains.

6. If schedule trains from any cause are behind time great caution must be exercised both by regulars and extracts, and both must flag until they meet, when the senior officer, conductor, or agent, or, if all are equal, then the conductor of the train which contains supplies or troops, shall decide which train shall back, being influenced in his decision by the distance to the nearest siding, the character of the grades, and the condition and power of the engines, and he will be responsible for the judgment exercised in the decision.

7. Trains running at night must be supplied with headlight and two red lights in rear. Each train should also be supplied with two extra red lights, so that if it should be necessary from any cause to send to front or rear the stationary train lights need not be disturbed.

8. These lights must be kept upon the engine when not in use, and the engineer will be held responsible for them and for having them at all times in condition for service.

9. Conductors and agents must report severally and daily the time of arrival and departure at each station, and they must be careful to correct and compare time daily, allowing ten minutes for difference in watches when there is a possibility of meeting another train.

H. HAUPT,

-de-Camp, Colonel of Staff,

Chief of Construction and Transportation,

Department of the Rappahannock.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C. June 2, 1862.

Governor MORGAN,

Albany, N. Y.:

Mr. Spinola, of Brooklyn, applied for leave to raise a brigade of volunteers, but as the Department will only act through the State Executives, ha was referred to you. The President would be very much gratified if you would grant him the permission, and directs me to ask your consent. Please let me hear from you on the subject. The military news is very gratifying. McClellan fought a great battle yesterday with brilliant success. General Pope is chasing the rebels from Corinth with 50,000 men. Jackson has fled from the Shenandoah. We hope remount or McDowell may take him.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

