
ALBANY, June 2, 1862. (Received 10 a. m. 3rd.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of this date is received. I gave Senator Spinola authority this morning to raise a brigade. He returned to Brooklyn full in the faith that he could accomplish it. Every facility will be given him. Thanks to the President and Secretary of War for their observance of paragraph I, General Orders, Numbers 18. The service will be protected thereby. Our successes as detailed in your dispatch are most gratifying.

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor.

ALBANY, N. Y., June 2, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

Referring to your telegram of May 31 to Governor Morgan, I am directed to say that permission to raise companies of three-years" volunteers have been granted to the extent of seven regiments, with the certainty of more applications and a fair prospect of filling up those already granted rapidly.

THOS. HILLHOUSE,

Adjutant-General of New York.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., June 2, 1862.

Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

The plan mentioned in your telegram was received and referred to the Adjutant-General for consideration, the subject being under his immediate charge. I shall always be thankful for any suggestion you can make as to the administration of this Department. The appearances now are that if recruits can be had rapidly enough to allow all the drilled force to be put into the field the war can be finished up in three months.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, June 2, 1862.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Washington, D. C.:

DEAR GENERAL: As Secretary Stanton has no tim to read speculative letters, let me make a suggestion, which you can name to him in your own way. In view of the possibility that may happen, it has occurred to me it might be well for the Government to have an organized force in Ohio of, say, three brigades of infantry, with a proportionate amount of artillery and cavalry (the last not so essential), to be used for defensive purposes in case the enemy shall advance in this direction by way of Cumberland Gap and the Kanawha, or otherwise, and to supply or be substituted for broken or exhausted regiments in the field. I do not apprehend any movement by the enemy

