
of the sort indicated, and yet, under circumstances not wholly impossible to happen, such an on might not be unmilitary or inconsequential. If made, it might disturb the movements of our main columns and hold in check a much larger number of our troops where need. A like policy might be applicable to Indiana and Illinois. Such a force would greatly reassure the country in case of any serious disaster happening to our main armies in the field, and contribute largely to keeping up their strength by the fresh troops to be furnished by the proposed reserves, all of which would be well disciplined and effective. If it is thought better to send a portion of the force to Kentucky as a permanent reserve there, such a disposition can be made of it. Our policy has been to send all troops to the field for active duty, resulting from the necessities of the service. It seems to me the time has come when the organizations of some reserves in the Ohio Valley should be looked to. In case of disaster to our main columns there are political considerations that may make it proper to have a strong force in Kentucky and some in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.

Truly, yours,

W. DENNISON.

P. S.-My information as to the Union sentiment in Kentucky is not encouraging. I am satisfied a strong force would be needed three in case of a serious disaster to our troops east or west. prompt attention should be given to such an exigency. Is not Cox in danger: He is beyond the reach of any immediate supporting force of which I am advised. He should be strengthened to enable him to seize and hold the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad at Newborn or some other proper point. With him cooped up, the Kanawha Valley is without defense.

W. D.

BRATTLEBOROUGH, VT., June 2, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

In answer to your telegram of the 31st please allow me again to say that Vermont will not stand on State proportion in furnishing troops. We are vigorously recruiting our Ninth Regiment, and when full, or nearly so, will do our best to raise the tenth Regiment within reasonable time if Government wants it.

F. HOLBROOK.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., June 2, 1862.

Governor HOLBROOK,

Brattleborough, Vt.:

Your telegram received. All the troops for three years that you may raise will be accepted. The news is cheering from Richmond. McClellan fought a great battle there yesterday with signal success. Halleck is pursuing the rebels, who are fleeing from Corinth. General Pope is after them with 50,000 men.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

