
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., June 3, 1862.

Honorable H. HAMLIN,

President of the Senate:

SIR: In answer to the resolution of the Senate adopted on the 2nd instant I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of the letter of appointment constituting the Honorable Edward Stanly Military Governor of North Carolina, and also a copy of the instruction he received from this Department.* The appointment of the Honorable Andrew johnson as Military Governor was the same in its terms as that to Mr. Stanly.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SPRINGFIELD, June 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We have raised three regiments for three-months" service to guard prisoners and to relieve same number three-years" troops ordered to field. Tenders for three years are being made in numbers, which encourage belief that the quota of Illinois will be rapidly made up. Offers for three-months" service abundant. Do you desire me to organize some regiments for that period? If so, how many? Please answer soon.

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.

MADISON, WIS., June 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

For reasons in my letter to Adjutant-General Thomas of May 20, and because Captain Trowbridge to-day refuses in advance to audit and pay subsistence and recruiting bills unless I send the officers from all parts of the State to him at milwaukee for instructions and authority, I again request that Major R. S. Smith, who is here where the regiment is to rendezvous, be directed to act a mustering officer. It is impossible to get along with Captain Trowbridge and his construction of instructions from Adjutant-General. Please answer by telegraph fully and immediately, as it is of the utmost importance. We cannot raise regiment in thirty days, and perhaps not [at] all unless U. S. officers co-operate with us.

E. SALOMON,

Governor.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 58. Washington, June 4, 1862.

The following act of Congress is published for the information and government of all concerned:

AN ACT to prevent and punish fraud on the part of officers intrusted with making of contracts for the Government.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of War, of

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. IX, pp. 396, 397.

---------------

