
wish me to organize for General Government service, and hope you will not consider me troublesome or obtuse in requesting you to inform me immediately on that subject. Can raise a very large force in a short time for three-months" service if you desire, but recruiting for three-years" men will be much retarded if three-months" men are still required.

RICHD. YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., June 4, 1862.

Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

The Department will accept three-months" men who are organized and mustered in prior to the 10th of this month. But we prefer the three-years" men and to do not require you to do anything that would retard their enlistment. The difficulty in understanding the actual condition of things has arisen from a conflict of opinion here as to the policy of raising three- months" men, which led to a compromise accepting only such three- months" men as were required for guards or were ready to be mustered in by the 10th of June. I am always happy to make any explanation.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 59. Washington, June 5, 1862.

A camp of instruction for 50,000 men-cavalry, artillery, and infantry, in due proportions-will be immediately formed near Annapolis, Md. Major-General Wool, U. S. Army, will command the camp in addition to his duties as department commander. the ground will be selected and the troops, which will be assembled as rapidly as possible under orders from the War Department, will be placed in position as they arrive. Brigadier General L. P. Graham is assigned to duty as chief of cavalry at the camp. Bvt. Brigadier General Harvey Brown as chief of artillery, according to his brevet. A chief of the infantry arm will hereafter be designated. The Chief of Ordnance, the Quartermaster-General, Commissary-General, Surgeon-General, and Paymaster-General will each designate and experienced regular officer as the chief of their respective departments at the camp. These officers will be subject to the orders of General Wool, and under his supervision will, without delay, establish a hospital and depots of all the supplies necessary for the health and efficiency of the troops at points where issuers may be conveniently made. the long experience of the veteran officer assigned to command the camp will dictate the most efficient details for brigading, equipping, drilling, and disciplining the reserve corps d"armee to be thus formed under him. Chiefs of the different staff bureaus are hereby directed to aid him by promptly meeting his reasonable requisitions for the material of war.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

