
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 60. Washington, June 6, 1862.

I. The volunteer recruiting service, discontinued by General Orders, Numbers 33, of April 3, 1862, is hereby restored according to the principles laid down in General Orders, Nos. 105, of 1861, and 3, of 1862. Invalid or disabled officers necessarily absent from their regiments will be detailed for this duty whenever they are able to perform it.

II. A large number of volunteers are absent from their regiments who are now fit for duty. To enable them to return, the Governors of States are authorized to give them cerfiticates or passes which will entitle them to transportation to the station of the nearest U. S. mustering officer or quartermaster, who will pay the cost of transportation on such certificate or pass and provide transportation for the soldier to his regiment or station.

III. All captains of companies are hereby required to report quarterly to the Chief of Ordnance the kind of arms in use by their companies, their opinion of the suitableness of the arm, the general extent or service, and the number requiring repairs since the pervious report.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, June 6, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to invite your attention to the inclosed copy* of a note of yesterday, addressed by this Department to Mr. Roest van Limburg, the Dutch minister accredited to this Government, relative to the conflict between the military authorities and the consulate of the Netherlands which recently occurred at New Orleans, and to request that such instructions may be given to the military authorities at New Orleans and others likely to be place in similar circumstances as will insure an observance of the principles set forth in the paper communicated in regard to foreign consuls and residents.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WASHINGTON, June 6, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: It is the request of Governor Morton, of Indiana, that I should hand you the inclosed. He expressed himself to me in terms of great anxiety about the request it contains. He considers the condition of the State of Kentucky at this time as being nearly, if not quite, as unsettled and dangerous as it has been at any former period, and that there is serious danger of the carrying out of threats openly made in various parts of that State to burn some of the river towns of Indiana. He desires with these 5,000 arms to arm the military of the border counties, those on the Ohio; and, as when the war began

---------------

*See Seward to Van Limburg, June 5, p. 132.

---------------

