
Note to paragraph 3.-The first sentence of this paragraph is modified to read as follows:

The final statements and all the discharge papers will be made out under the supervision of the military commander and signed by him when the soldier is not in a U. S. hospital or under the charge of aa U. S. surgeon. But if he is under a U. S. surgeon or in a U. S. hospital, the surgeon will, in either case, make out and sign the discharge and final statements, after the military commander has indorsed the authority to discharge the soldier upon the usual discharge and certificates of disability.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, August 26, 1862.

Note to paragraph 5.-"In cases where too long a delay would arise in discharging a man because of the remote station of his company," and when no descriptive list, or partial descriptive list, can be obtained from this office, the men referred to will be discharged under this order, and an order given them on the Quartermaster's Department will furnish transportation to such their discharge.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Note 2 to paragraph 5.-The sentence "To this partial descriptive roll the medical officer will add the period for which pay is due the man since his entry into the hospital," will be understood to give him pay on this final statement from the muster next preceding his entry into the hospital until the date of his discharge.

NEW ALBANY, April 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have heard nothing from your agent, Mr. Ellet.* Feel a deep solicitude in having something done immediately. Would be glad to co-operate with you. Would suggest taking some of the largest and staunchest steamers in the West and encase them completely with railroad iron. We think two or three could be got ready here in thirty days, such as would control the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers. Have retained a large number of our mechanics, who wanted to go to other points to obtain employment. Shall we not hear from you again immediately?

A. S. BURNETT,

Mayor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., [April 7,] 1862.

A. S. BURNETT, Esq.,

Mayor of New Albany:

Mr. Ellet, having started work at Pittsburg, is now at Cincinnati, and I have directed him to proceed to New Albany; but if you will

---------------

*See Stanton to Burnett, March 29, Vol. I, this series, p. 955.

---------------

