
the arms intended for the Indiana militia were all places in the hands of volunteers mustered into service from that State, he has not the means of doing so. He is very desirous of obtaining good guns, as our Western men are excellent judges of rifles and know how to use them. If the Government has no good guns to spare I can make a contract with a responsible New York house for 5,000 first-class Enfields at $14.50, deliverable in forty days, provided the order be given immediately.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

ROBERT DALE OWEN.

[Inclosure.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Will you please direct 5,000 arms, good guns, to be sent to Indiana at once? Honorable R. D. Owen will explain to you the reason of the demand.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., June 6, 1862.

GOVERNOR OF WISCONSIN,

Madison, Wis.:

Major Charles H. Larrabee, of the Fifth Wisconsin, desire authority to raise a new regiment of volunteers. It is a rule of the Department to act only through the State Executives, but if you are willing to give such authority to the major it will be sanctioned by the Department very gladly, and he will be relieved of present duty for that purpose. Please answer immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Madison, June 6, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In answer to your dispatch of to-day concerning the raising of a new independent regiment by Major Charles H. Larrabee, I could not well by telegraph fully lay before you my views on that subject and therefore adopt this mode of communication. Under the recent call from the President the Twentieth Regiment of Infantry is now in process of organization in this State. Recruiting officers have been appointed and are now diligently at work. A colonel has been selected by me in the person of Lieutenant- Colonel Pinkney, of the Third Wisconsin, who is on his way hither, he having, as I have been informed, been mustered out of service in his regiment on accepting the position tendered him, although he will not be entitled to be mustered in as colonel of the Twentieth until after the new regiment is complete. Thus, until that time he will have to labor without pay and without rank, in fact, in the U. S. Army. When the Twentieth Regiment was called for I attempted to induce the Government to pay the recruiting officers from the time they should be engaged upon their labors, the same as is done in the organization of a new

