
circumstances, as before stated, it may be advisable for the Government to send out an agent to look after this matter. If so, he should be a reliable, shrewd business man, to be specially selected by yourself.

His instructions and his mission should be secret, and known to as few as possible, so as to avoid the competition he would otherwise find in making his purchases. I would suggest that he be restricted to the purchase of a limited number of Enfield rifle muskets of first quality, and at the lowest price practicable. Since your order of the 27th ultimo authorizing the purchase by our agent in New York of 50,000 Enfield rifle muskets at a price not exceeding $15 each, in bond, the purchases have amounted to about 10,000 arms, and I am informed by the purchasing officer that he anticipates the receipt of other parcels at the limited price to the extent of about 2,000 arms only in addition, most owners holding out for $17. I understand also that there are considerable quantities of gunpowder at Nassau, shipped there with the design of supplying the enemy. Although we are not, and shall not possibly be, in want of more gunpowder than our own factories can supply, it may be deemed expedite to instruct the agent in regard to purchasing powder also, for the purpose of preventing its delivery to the enemy. It will be advisable, in case the agent is sent out, to make arrangements for supplying him the means of making payment in cash, or its equivalent, for such purchases as he may make.

The foregoing suggestions are submitted as orth of consideration, and even if the measure proposed should not result in effecting the anticipated objects, it is an experiment which will be attended with but little expense. Moreover, if the fact of an agent having been sent out to purchase should accidentally become public it will probably have the good effect of inducing the holders of Enfield arms in New york to come down to the price at which the purchases are limited.

The number now on hand of good rifled arms, both American and foreign, for issue to troops in service is about 94,000. The number of such arms which are required to be delivered under existing contracts and orders in the next six months are 138,981 of the oreign, in all 163,981, of which the deliveries are not certain and cannot be relied on. The U. S. Armory at Springfield may be relied on for a supply during the six months of at least 80,000, and probably 90,000 arms. This makes in all, as a supply for the six months, which may be confidently calculated on, 174,000, of which there will be ready for issue in this month 107, 000; in July, 1862, 13,000; in August, 13,000; in September, 13,500; in October, 13,500; in November, 14,000-174,000. What may be our requirements during this time will depend very much on contingencies that I cannot fore-see. I am therefore unable to decide whether the reliable supplies will be sufficient, or whether it will be more prudent to take measures at this time to increase them, and thus be prepared to meet any emergency that may arise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Ordnance.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, Mass., June 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: We have a company of hunters and practical marksmen, recruited among the mountainous districts of Western Massachusetts

8 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

