
with great care and with special reference to sharpshooting. They endeavored to get into the service in December, but were unable, owing to the order to cease recruiting. They are very anxious to be accepted now as sharpshooters and be armed with target rifles. They would be very effective. Will you accept them, either in the line or as a flanking company, and sanction the arming of them with target rifles at a cost not to exceed $26 each?

With great respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 9, 1862.

GOVERNOR OF MISSOURI,

Saint Louis:

The Secretary of War desires to know immediately the state of your enlistments. When will your regiments be ready? When will they be ready to march to Annapolis?

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

(Same to the Governors of Maryland, Annapolis; Virginia, Wheeling; Michigan, Lansing; Iowa, Des Moines; Maine, August; New Jersey, Trenton; Vermont, Montpelier; Indiana, Indianapolis; New Hampshire, Concord; Massachusetts, Boston; Connecticut, New Haven; Rhode Island, Providence; New York, Albany; Pennsylvania, Harrisburg; Delaware, dover; Wisconsin, Madison; Kentucky, Frankfort, and Minnesota, Saint Paul.)

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXECUTIVE DEPT.,

Boston, Mass., June 9, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: In raising a battalion of six companies for fort Warren I beg to remark that it will be easier to raise a regiment, since we can have the assistance of a prospective colonel and lieutenant, colonel and the staff of a regiment, while the battalion has only a major; and besides, if we have a regiment it will be always ready to march in a body as such on call. Moreover, if the whole regiment is not needed at Fort Warren one wing of it can be ordered, under the colonel, on active duty and the other wing remain at the fort. Acting, therefore, under the authority of your telegraphic order to raise the old battalion to a regiment, and upon the intimation that you wished for three more three-years" regiments from Massachusetts, I am actively as possible engaged in raising the companies to recruit the four companies needed to complete the Thirty-second Regiment (old Fort Warren battalion), and also two more regiments (Thirty-third and Thirty-fourth) to follow that to the field, and am raising companies for a thirty-fifth regiment, to be used in whole or in part at Fort Warren, as you shall order. The militia (cadets) needing to be relieved whenever it may be practicable, I ask authority for the transfer of Lieutenant Colonel George D. Wells, of First Massachusetts, to the colonelcy of the Thirty- fourth (now forming) as soon as the regiment can receive a colonel. I ask also leave to appoint Lieutenant Colonel

