
A. C. Maggi (who held with high honor and resigned that place in the Twenty-first) to the colonelcy of the Thirty-third, notwithstanding his resignation of a former appointment. Both these gentlemen are remarkable soldiers.

I am always, yours, respectfully, and faithfully,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

[First indorsement.]

JUNE 11, 1862.

Referred to the Adjutant-General for immediate report.

STANTON.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

June 17, 1862.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War with the recommendation that the Governor of Massachusetts be authorized to raise this regiment of infantry for service at Fort Warren. permission has been granted him to recommission the within-named Colonel Maggi and transfer Lieutenant-Colonel Wells from the First to the Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

Approved.

E. M. STANTON.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, June 9, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Eighty-fourth Regiment-the best body of undrilled men that has yet been raised in Ohio-will leave for Cumberland on Wednesday morning at 8 o"clock. Have invited Colonel George W. McCook to lead them. Will have another regiment ready for the field by Friday and another by Sunday. Shall organize a regiment for service in the State to-morrow. All these regiments are made up of the best young men in the State.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, June 10, 1862.

REVERDY JOHNSON, Esq.:

SIR: You are aware that complaints have been made of recent proceedings of Major-General Butler, at New Orleans, in reference to foreign consuls, and particularly the consul of the Netherlands there. It being desirable to have the complaints investigated by a commissioner of high character and acknowledged ability, the President has selected you for the purpose. You will receive herewith a copy of all the papers on the subject in this Department, including memoranda of conversations between Lord Lyons and myself Mr. Mercier and myself, and correspondence between mr. Roest Van Limburg, the minister of the netherlands, and this Department. You will proceed to New Orleans by the earliest opportunity and will lose no

