
send me an estimate of the cost of one of your largest and staunchest boats, fitted up and armored according to the best plan devised by your own mechanics, I will consider it, and, if approved, will leave the matter in the hands of your own people. I want Pittsburg, Cincinnati, and New Albany skill, economy, enterprise, and patriotism to compete against each other. Will give each an equal fair test, and then choose between them for future work. Time is a great element of choice.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, April 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I encounter impediments, owing to all dry docks and ways being owned by one company. The work is not yet begun, but I trust it will be to-morrow. I want authority to have it done at any place on the river I may select. Mr. Shields is here.

CHAS. ELLET, JR.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., April 7, 1862.

CHARLES ELLET, Jr.,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

You are authorized to have the work done wherever it can be with most facility and advantage in your judgment. I regret delays.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 37. Washington, April 8, 1862.

The following resolution of Congress is published for the information of all concerned:

A RESOLUTION to authorize the President to assign the command of troops in the same field or department to officers of the same grade, without regard to seniority.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representations of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That whenever military operations may require the presence of two or more officers of the same grade in the same field or department, the President may assign the command of the forces in such field or department, without regard to seniority of rank.

Approved April 4, 1862.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 38. Washington, April 8, 1862.

Colonel Anson Stager, assistant quartermaster, has been appointed military superintendent of telegraph lines throughout the United States.

Commanding officers in the military service will, upon the requisition of Colonel Stager, or of his assistants, give such aid as may be

