
pleased. For the second time I again protested against the violation of the consular office to Captain Shipley, who then went out. Before he left I distinctly put the question to him, 'Sir, am I to understand that my consular office is taken possession of an myself am arrested by your, and that, too, by the order of Major-General Butler?" He replied, "Yes, sir." During Captain Shipley's absence another officer remained in the office and a special sentinel was put on guard in the room where I then kept myself. The name of this second officer was Lieutenant Whitecomb, as he informed me. Captain Shipley returned and was followed by another officer, whose name I could not ascertain, but from appearances ranking him.

This officer approached me, and in a passionate, insulting tone, contrasting singularly with the gentlemanly deportment of both Captain Shipley and Lieutenant Whitecomb, made the same demand for the keys as had been made by Captain Shipley, and I made the same refusal, protesting against the act, as I had done before. He then gave orders to search the office and break open, if need be, the doors of the vault.

I, Amedee Courturie, consul of the Netherlands, protest against any occupation or search of my office; and this I do in the name of my Government. The name of my consulate is over the door, and my flag floats over my head. If I cede, it is to force alone.

Search being begun in the office by the officer, I told him that the keys were on my person. He then in a more than thought tone ordered two of the soldiers to search my person, using the following among other expressions: 'Search the fellow," strip him," "take off his coat, stockings," 'search even the soles of his shoes." I remarked to the officer that the appellation "fellow" that he gave me was never applied to a gentleman, far less to a foreign consul in his consular capacity, as I was then, and that I requested him to remember that he had said the word. He replied it was the name he had given me, and he repeated over the name three times.

Both Captain Shipley and Lieutenant Whitecomb then stepped forward. The latter was the first to take two keys out of my coat pocket. The former took the key of my vault from the right pocket of my pantaloons. Of the keys taken by Lieutenant Whitecomb there was one opening my place of business, which had nh my place consulate and is situated in a different part of the city. I claimed it, but was told by the commanding officer that he would keep it for the present, but might let me have it to-morrow.

I must here state that when Captain Shipley told me that my letter to the consul of France would not be sent I remarked that I had forwarded another message to the consul and was expecting him every moment, and that if he, the captain, would delay action until I had seen the consul of France something good might come out of my consultation. Captain Shipley replied that he could not delay action, and that the order of General Butler was to go on with the work he was charged with.

The superior officer then took the keys, opened the vault, and in company of Captain Shipley and Lieutenant Whitecomb entered the same. What they did there I was unable to see, as I kept myself in the same place and in the same chair where I had been searched.

After searching for some time said officer retired, leaving the vault open, Captain Shipley and Lieutenant Whitecomb remaining with their men. Two other officers that I had not seen before came in and joined them for some time.

