
After an absence of about three-quarters of an hour the officer in question returned, and in the presence of the other officers closed and locked the vault, taking the keys along with him. I think remarked to him that they key of my store was among those that had been taken away from my person, and I wished to have it. The same officer then asked me whether my store contained any goods or property belonging to the Confederates to which inquiry I answer in the negative. The same officer made us of the following language at the time: "You have placed yourself in a bad position, and shall be treated without any consideration." He retired after that. it was then about 4 p. m.

I then continued to be a prisoner under the charge of Captain Shepley and a guard of armed soldiers placed inside and outside of my office until about 7 p. m., when Captain Shipley, having communicated with another officer who came in the consular office, approached me and said: "You are now at liberty to go wherever you please, sir." I said: "I am liberty to go wherever I please?" He answered: "Yes, sir." I then remarked: "And it is by verbal communication that I am informed of the fact?" He replied: "The same as you were arrested." I then rose, and before leaving my office made the following remark to Captain Shipley: "You have taken possession o f this office, I leave everything in your charge." To this he replied: "I will take care of it." Whereupon I left my office, and a short time after I took down my consular flag.

AM. COURTURIE,

Consul of the Netherlands.

D.

NEW ORLEANS, May 12, 1862.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, U. S. Army,

Commanding the Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: It having come to the knowledge of the undersigned that the consulate of His Majesty the King of Netherlands in this city has been forcibly entered by your order by some persons in the uniform of soldiers in the service of the United States Government, the person of the consul subjected to indignity and severe ill-usage and kept prisoner for several hours, it becomes the duty of the undersigned, in view of treaties now existing between the Governments which we represent and that of the United States, to formally protest against such action and against any act authorized by you or any authority of the United States that may be in contravention of such treaties.

We have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servants,

Cte. Mejan, Le Consul de France; Juan Callejon, Consul de Espana; Jos. Deynoodt, Consul de Belgique; J. H. Eimer, Consul of Austria; A. F. Valls, Vice-Consul of Brazil; R. Iken, Acting Bremen Consul; Rd. Murphy, Acting Consul, Sweden and Norway; H. Klumpp, Acting Consul of Wurtemburg; Henry Frellsen, Consul of Denmakr; b. Teryaghi, Vice-Consul of Italy; George Coppell, Her Britannic Majesty's Acting-Consul; J. Kruttschnitt, Acting Consul for Prussia and Hanover; F. W. Freduenthal, Consul of Nassau and Brunswick; n. M. Benachi, Greek Consul; C. Kock, Consul of the City of Hamburg; A. J. Da Silva, Vice-Consul de Prtugal; Otto Pressprich, Consul of Russia; Al. Piaget, Consul of Switzerland.

