
E.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 12, 1862.

MESSRS.:* I have the protest which you have thought it proper to make in regard to the action of my officers toward the consul of the Netherlands, which action I approve and sustain. I am grieved that without investigation of the facts you, Messrs., should have thought it your duties to take action on the matter. The fact will appear to be, and easily to be demonstrated at the proper time that the flag of the Netherlands was made to cover and conceal property of an incorporated company of Louisiana, secreted under it from the operation of the laws of the United States. That the supposed fact that the consul had under the flag only the property of Hope &amp; Co., citizens of the Netherlands, is untrue. He had other property which could not by law be his property or the property of Hope & Co.; of this I have abundant proof in my own hands. No person can exceed me in the respect I shall pay to the flags of all nations, and to the consular authority, even while I do into recognize many claims made under them, but I wish to have it most distinctly understood that in order to be respected he consul, his office, and the use of his flag mute each and all be respected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

F.

NEW ORLEANS, May 16, 1862.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, at New Orleans:

SIR: Your official communication of the 14th instant I have received and transmitted literal copies thereof to my Government through the usual channels.

In reading it I cannot but think that you have misunderstood the communication which I had the honor of addressing you on the 10th instant, and to which it purports to be an answer.

My communication recited a series of outrages upon my person, the dignity of consulate office, and of the flag of the Government which I have the honor of representing in this city; and informed you that as those acts would be brought to the knowledge of my Government I desired to know whether they were performed with your sanction or by your order. It has pleased you to say that so far as you can judge I have merited the treatment I have received, even if a little rough. I ma therefore to infer that the acts brought to your notice received your sanction.

I shall leave it with my Government to direct my future course in consequence of those acts and to pronounce the use which I have made of my consular flag, and in the meanwhile I have to inform you that I have placed the interests of the subjects of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, heretofore in my charge, under the charge and keeping of the consul of His Majesty the Emperor of the French in New Orleans. But I must be permitted, referring to my only intercourse with your subordinate and with yourself, to

---------------

*The signers of the paper next, ante.

---------------

