
Numbers 2.-One tin box (to which we gave the name of a bank box of this city), locked, containing, first, ten bonds of the consolidated debt of the city of New Orleans for $1,000 each, the nominal value of which is $10,000; second, eight bonds of the city of Mobile of the value of $1,000 each, the nominal value of which is $8,000. Said eighteen bonds were deposited with me on the 12th day of April last by Edmund J. forstall, esq., in the capacity above recited as the property of Messrs. Hope &amp; Co.,; third, divers papers, being titles and deeds, my consular commission from His Majesty the king of the Netherlands, and exequatur from the President of the United States.

Numbers 3.-Six other tin boxes marked with my name, "Anedee Couturier," containing private deeds, silverware, &c., which boxes are the property of divers persons for whom I am agent.

Numbers 4.-Two or more tin boxes, the property of the Hope Insurance Company, of this city, which occupied a portion of the premises in which my consulate was located.

Since the removal of the articles herein recited from the vault of the consulate the doors of the same have been closed and locked and armed sentinels continue to be placed at the entrance of and around the building. The coin and other articles above enumerated have been deposited, to the best of my knowledge, either in the mint or customhouse in this city, both public edifices, being occupied by the U. S. military.

AM. COUTURIER,

Consul of the Netherlands.

G.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 14, 1862.

The CONSUL OF THE NETHERLANDS:

SIR: Your communication of the 10th instant is received. The nature of the property found concealed beneath your consular flag, the specie, dies, and plates of the Citizens" Bank of New Orleans, under a claim that it was your private property, which claim is now admitted to be groundless, shows you have merited, so far as I can judge, the treatment you have received, even if a little ought. Having prostituted your flag to a base purpose, you could not hope to have it respected, so debased.

I am, officially, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

H.

BRITISH CONSULATE,

New Orleans, May 8, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

SIR: Mr. J. J. Burrowes, a British subject, and who lately commanded a company composed entirely of British subjects, organized to comply with the laws of this State, has informed me that, at your request and in compliance with an order from Brigadier-General Juge, he appeared before you yesterday for purposes which I shall have the honor to state in this communication, and he begs my interference in behalf of himself and of the other British subjects concerned.

