
Mr. Burrowes states to me that you informed him that every member of the "British Guard" must report to you with uniforms and arms, and those failing to do so must leave this city within twenty- four hours or be sent to Fort Jackson. It has come to my knowledge within the past two days, and I am given to understand that you are in possession of information to the same effect, that some members, a minority of the whole, of the company of "British Guard," believing that the duty which had been imposed upon them by the law of this State wa at an end and their services no longer required, a short time prior to the occupation of this city by the military authorities of the United States, sent their arms and equipments (their own private property, I believe) from the city-to whom or where Mr. Burrowes is unable to inform me. For this reason it will be impossible for them to report to you as soldiers, a character in which the British subjects now in question have never been desirous of showing themselves in the existing strife in these country.

It is not my intention in this communication to shield as a breach men in the step they have taken, for it may be construed as a breach of that neutrality imposed by Her Majesty on all of her subjects; but if it is looked upon in that light I feel convinced that they, when they took such action, were ignorant of the importance hat might be attached to it, and did it with no idea of wrong or harm.

It may not, sir, be irrelevant for me to mention that I much regret to hear that the position of British subjects in this city as neutrals should have been questioned or doubted. When the militia law of this State was enforced by the authorities, requiring all men between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years who were in the State to perform militia duty, I was compelled to oppose the law, and informed the Executive of this State that the service imposed upon British subjects was contrary to the law of nations, and placed them beyond that neutral position which had been enjoined upon them by their Government. This was partly at the instance of many British subjects, and conjointly done with the consuls of seven other European Governments. In consequence of our action the U. S. authorities, on taking possession of this city found that the city was to a great extent in the charge of the foreign corps, and they were performing a service allowed by their own Government, and one not deemed incompatible by either belligerent. Consequently, it is scarcely reasonable to suppose that after so strongly opposing the militia law, for fear of losing or violating their rights as British subjects, they would voluntarily and knowingly place themselves in that unpleasant position which they have for many months so carefully avoided. As I have had the honor to state above, and for he cause mentioned, it will not be possible for some of the British subjects, who were members of the "British Guard," to obey the verbal order of questioned legality given to Mr. Burrowes-that they should report to you as soldiers; and it would become my duty to solemnly protest in the name of Her Majesty's Government against the alternative stated by you, the enforcement of which would infringe the rights of British subjects residing in the United States.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

GEORGE COPPELL,

Her Britannic Majesty's Acting Consul.

