
without trial or proof of the charges which are said to have induced his arrest, and that evidence could be produced which would satisfactorily prove his innocence in the premises, in accordance with the notification contained in my communication to your of date the 8th instant, I have, acting as Her Britannic Majesty's consul, and in the name of Her Majesty's Government, most solemnly to protest against the arrest and confinement of the said Samuel Nelson in the manner set forth, and against all further and other acts done or to be done in violation of the rights of Her Britannic Majesty's subjects residing in the city of New Orleans.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

GEORGE COPPELL,

Her Britannic Majesty's Acting Consul.

H.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 16, 1862.

G. COPPELL,

Acting Consul of Her Britannic Majesty, New Orleans:

SIR: Your communication in relation to Samuel Nelson is received. Whenever Samuel Nelson desires a trial he can have it. He is now in Fort Jackson because, amongst other things, he declined an investigation.

Officially, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

K.

NEW ORLEANS, May 13, 1862.

Major-General BUTLER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

SIR: To avoid misapprehension we take the liberty to state to you the impression made upon us during the interview of yesterday.

We understood you to say that you were disposed to reaffirm the declaration made in your first proclamation that private property of all kinds should be respected. You added that if the treasure withdrawn by the banks should be restored to their vaults you would not only abstain from interference, but that you would give it safe conduct and use all your power individually, as ell as the forces of the United States under your command, for its protection. That the question as to the proper time of the resumption of specie payments should be left entirely to the judgment and discretion of the banks themselves, with the understanding on your part and ours that the coin should be held in good faith for the protection of the bill holders and depositors.

On their part the banks promised to act with scrupulous good faith to carry out their understanding with you; that is, to restore a sound currency as soon as possible, and to provide for the resumption of regular business as soon as the exigency of our trace requires it.

You are aware that a large portion of coin of the banks is beyond their control, and that we can only promise to use our best exertions for its return. Should we fail we will immediately advise you of the fact.

9 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

