
which he certainly misunderstood when he assumed that his flag or the consular occupancy of the premises entitled him, in a time of public danger, to an exemption from making any exhibition of suspected property on the premises or any explanation concerning it.

Nevertheless, this error of the consul was altogether insufficient to justify what afterward occurred.

It appears beyond dispute that the person of the consul was unnecessarily and rudely searched; that certain papers which incontestably were archives of the consulate were seized and removed, and that they are still withheld from him, and that he was not only denied the privilege of conferring with a friendly colleague, but was addressed in very discourteous and disrespectful language.

In these proceedings the military agents assumed functions which belong exclusively to the Department of State, acting under the directions of the President. This conduct was a violation of the law of nations and of the comity due from this country to a friendly sovereign State. This Government disapproves of these proceedings, and also of the sanction which was given to them by Major-General Butler, and expresses it regret that the misconduct thus censured has occurred.

The President has already appointed a military Governor for the State of Louisiana, who has been instructed to pay due respect to all consular rights and privileges; and a commissioner will at once proceed to New Orleans to investigate the transaction which has been detailed, and take evidence concerning the title of the specie and bonds and other property in question, with a view to a disposition of the same, according to international law and justice. You are invited to designate any proper person to join such commissioner and attend his investigations. This Government hold itself responsible for the money and the bonds in question, and to deliver them up to consul or to Hope &amp; Co. if they shall appear to belong to them. The consular commission and exequatur, together with all the private papers, will be immediately returned to Mr. Couturier, and he will be allowed to renew and, for the present, to exercise his official functions. Should the facts, when ascertained, justify a representation to you of misconduct on his part it will in due time be made, with the confidence that the subject will receive just consideration by a Government with which the United States have lived in amity for so many years.

I avail myself of this opportunity to renew to you, sir, the assurance of my high consideration.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.-Translation.] LEGATION OF THE NETHERLANDS, Washington, June 6, 1862.

Honorable Mr. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States of America:

SIR: I have had the honor to receive your note, dated yesterday, through which you have been pleased to inform me that the President deeply regrets the conflict which has occurred at New Orleans between the military authorities and the consul of the Netherlands. It is with a real satisfaction, which accords fully with what I was to expect from the high sense of justice of the President and of the Government of the United States, that I have seen, in the course of

