
at New Orleans, at the time of the seizure of the values and papers deposited at the consulate of the Netherlands. I afterward corrected a want of clearness made by Major-General Butler, upon which you based a reproach to the consul.

In reference to the decision of the Government of the United States to throw light upon its information as to what has occurred at the consulate, and upon the allegations of Major- General Butler respecting the nature of the deposit, I have stated the motives which prevent me from participating in the species of inquiry which the Government of the United States is immediately to cause to be instituted at New Orleans, in order to be enabled afterward, without delay, to return the values to the consul or to the house of Hope &amp; Co., should it appear that they belong to that house, or, in other words, to dispose of them according to the law of nations and justice ("with a view of a disposal of the same according to international law and justice").

The sincerity of this intention and the real desire of the President and of the Government of the United States to terminate not only in the most just, but in the most prompt manner, this affair, highly interesting to all the nations having relations with the United States, this sincerity and the reality of this desire could not be, in my view, subject to the slightest doubt. I am convinced of it, and it is this conviction which causes me, Mr. Secretary of State, to ask you now to communicate to me the proofs which Major-General Butler pretends to have had in his hands to accuse the consul of the Netherlands and to seize the deposit as unlawful.

For it is upon proofs existing at the time of the seizure, and solely upon these proofs, upon which Major-General Butler must rely. Ex post factum, there will be nothing to allege.

You could not, I think, have any difficulty in acceding to my request, because it can only be upon the proofs which Major- General Butler has pretended to have that you retain in your possession the articles taken from the consul, who, being then in possession, had in his favor the legal presumption of a just title.

I pray you, then, sir, to be pleased, by communicating the papers which I have the honor of asking of you, to enable me to enlighten the Government of the King as soon as possible upon this subject; and I avail myself of this opportunity to renew to you the assurances of my high consideration.

ROEST VAN LIMBURG.

[Inclosure Numbers 7.-Translation.] LEGATION OF THE NETHERLANDS, Washington, June 7, 1862.

Honorable Mr. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States of America, &c.:

From the first interview which I had the honor to have with you in regard to the lamentable events which took place in the course of last month at the consulate of the Netherlands at New Orleans, you have evinced a spirit of conciliation, the extent of which I take pleasure in acknowledging. You have assured me that all which I could reasonably ask of you would be accorded to me.

I submitted to you the information and reports which I had received. These were sufficient to induce you to take the initiative in the reparation which at first seemed to you to be due.

