
have had the honor to request of you in my note of the 7th of this month.

I have the honor, sir, to reiterate to you the assurances of my high consideration.

ROEST VAN LIBMURG.

[Inclosure Numbers 11.-Translation.] LEGATION OF THE NETHERLANDS, Washington, June 9, 1862.

Honorable Mr. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of the 7th of this month, in which you do me the honor to say to me, among other things, that you have no objection that I should write to the consul of the Netherlands at New Orleans "that it is the President's expectation that he will resume and continue in the discharge of his official functions until there should be further occasion for him to relinquish them." I regret, sir, not to be able to accept that formula without submitting it to the judgment of the Government of the King; and I have the honor to renew to you the assurances of my high consideration.

ROEST VAN LIMBURG.

[Inclosure Numbers 12.] DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, June 9, 1862.

Mr. ROEST VAN LIMBURG, &amp;C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two notes of this date. In reply to the request in one of them for the proofs upon which Major-General Butler based his proceedings with reference to the coin lodged with the consul of the Netherlands at New Orleans, I have the honor to acquaint you that no time shall be lost in making them known to you when they shall have been received here.

I avail myself of this occasion, sir, to offer to you a renewed assurance of my very high consideration.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure Numbers 13.] NEW YORK, June 10, 1862.

Governor SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

MY DEAR SIR: A gentleman well-informed in the financial relations of the New Orleans banks has handed me the inclosed memorandum of what he supposes to be the probable status of the specie found under the protection of the Dutch consul at New Orleans. I send it to you, thinking it may be of some service in your investigations.

The idea of this gentleman is that the existence of an occasion for a remittance of some $800,000 to Hope & Co. has been made a course for this deposit, without the least intention of so paying or providing for the debt, which had, doubtless, been otherwise met.

I had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Weed yesterday at a very agreeable dinner given to him by the district attorney. He seems in excellent health and spirits.

I am, very truly, yours,

WM. M. EVARTS.

