
[Sub-inclosure.]

MEMORANDUM.

The Citizens" Bank was chartered by the Legislature of Louisiana about the year 1863. The State loaned its bonds to the bank to constitute or raise the capital on which it has been doing business. The bank indorsed the bonds of the State, and negotiated some $5,000,000 of them through Hope &amp; Co., of Amsterdam where the interest and principal are payable. It is said that $500,000 of these bonds become due and payable at Hope & Co.'s counting-house this year (1862), which, with one year's interest on the whole amount outstanding, probably constitutes the sum placed by the bank shortly before the capture of New Orleans in the hands of the consul of the Netherlands. I is almost certain that Hope & Co. have nothing at all to do with any funds intended to be applied to the payment of the bonds negotiated through them by the Citizen's Bank until they reach Amsterdam; they (Hope & Co.) acting merely as distributors of the funds when placed there with them, all risk of transmission belonging to the bank. Such, I know, was the case with the bonds negotiated by Baring Bros. & Co., issued by the State of Louisiana to the Union Bank of Louisiana. Moreover, it is very probable that the Citizens" Bank has ample funds in London to make the payment due in Amsterdam this year, and will use them for that purpose should the money sized be given up. It should to be forgotten that the Citizens" Bank, or the president, or some other person connected with the bank, has been reported as acting in some way, directly or indirectly, as fiscal agent of the Confederate Government, and that that Government may have funds in the hands of such agent, which were on deposit with the Citizens" Bank. It is even probable that a portion of the gold stolen from the mint in New Orleans at the commencement of the rebellion was deposited in the Citizens" Bank by some agent or officer of the Confederate Government. My opinion is that if the money seized should be delivered up to the consul it will find its way back into the vault of the Citizens" Bank, and that Hope & Co. will be placed in funds to meet the bonds and coupons due this year from other resources of the bank. If the money seized should be found to belong rightfully to Hope & Co., then let the Government send the equivalent amount from here to Hope & Co. by bills of exchange on London, and use the specie where it is for their own purposed.

CONFIDENTIAL.] WASHINGTON, June 10, 1862.

Major General DEAR FRIEND: Mr. Seward desires me to say to you that he has been informed, since sending Mr. Johnson as agent to visit New Orleans, that he might not be acceptable to you, on account of something that occurred at Baltimore during your command there; that he (Mr. S.) was altogether unconscious of your having any reason of complaint against Mr. Johnson,w ho was appointed because he was well known abroad-familiarly acquainted with the diplomatic represemtatoves at Washington, and therefore supposed to be more acceptable to them than would be any other person. Mr. Seward is also quite sure that Mr. Johnson has the kindest feelings toward yourself, and will perform his duties in a manner entirely satisfactory to you. In this belief I

