
entirely concur, and hope that your relations with Mr. Johnson will be cordial, and that you will be well pleased with the results of his mission.

With since regard, I am, very truly, yours,

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., June 10, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE F. SHEPLEY,

New Orleans:

DEAR SIR: I the pleasure to transmit herewith your appointment and instructions as Military Governor of Louisiana. No one can be more conscious than yourself of the great importance and responsibility of the official trust thus committed to you by the President. And I will only add that with full confidence in the wisdom and success of your administration, and with the purpose to afford you very aid in the power of this Department.

I remain, truly, yours,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

P. S.-You will also find inclosed herewith copy of the memorandum of a conversation between Lord Lyons and the Secretary of State on the 30th ultimo, to which I beg leave to call your attention.*

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., June 10, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE F. SHEPLEY,

Military Governor of Louisiana, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: The commission you have received expresses on its face the nature and extent of the duties and power devolved on you by the appointment of Military Governor of Louisiana. Instructions have been given to Major-General Butler to aid you in the performance of your duty and the exercise of your authority. He has also been instructed to detail an adequate military force for the special purpose of a governor's guard and to act under your directions. It is obvious to you that the great purpose of your appointment is to re-establish the authority of the Federal Government in the State of Louisiana, and provide the means of maintaining peace and security to the loyal inhabitants of that State until they shall be able to establish a civil government. Upon your wisdom and energetic action much will depend in accomplishing the result. For your instruction in respect to the manner of dealing with international rights, I inclose a letter of Honorable William H. Seward to me, under the date of the 3rd instant, and it is the desire of the President that your official action shall conform to the views and policy indicated therein. It is not deemed necessary to give any specific instructions, but rather to confide in your sound discretion to adopt such measures as circumstances may demand. Specific instructions will be given when requested. you may rely upon the perfect confidence and full support of the Department in the performance of your duties.

With respect, I am, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See p. 130.

---------------

