
[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.] WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., June 3, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: This Department has appointed Colonel George F. Shepley Military Governor of the State of Louisiana. His jurisdiction will include the city of New Orleans. While exerting the military power to overcome the rebellion, the Department desires to avoid any encroachment upon international rights, and would be glad to be favored with any suggestions which the State Department may think proper to be incorporated into the instructions to Governor Shepley.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.] DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, June 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date, and thank you for the courtesy of the communication. In reply I have to acquaint you that this Department has already appointed Reverdy Johnson a commissioner to proceed to New Orleans to investigate complaints of foreign consuls against certain military proceedings of General Butler and to report to this Department.

I think it would be well to instruct Governor Shepley to afford all reasonable facilities to Mr. Johnson to perform the trust confided to him, and further instruct him that the utmost delicacy is required in transactions with consuls and with foreigners, so as to avoid not only just cause of complaint but groundless irritation in a critical conjuncture.

In making these suggestions I am by no means to be understood as prejudging, much less censuring, Major-General Butler, whose general course of administration seems to me to have been eminently judicious and energetic.

It would be advisable for Governor Shepley to refer to the Government at Washington any questions in the determination of which, or in proceedings pursuant thereto, there may be a reasonable doubt as to his authority.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

STATE OF MICHIGAN, EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Jackson, June 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the order of the Department authorizing me to raise one regiment of cavalry. In the order the hope is expressed that the regiment may be ready by the 4th of July next. I will cheerfully undertake to raise the regiment, but it will be impossible to do it by the time indicated. I cannot promise that it can be ready before the 1st of August, or near that time. If for any reason that length of time cannot be allowed,

