
I should hope to be informer of it. It is the worst season of the year to recruit in the West, and the drain has already been considerable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor of Michigan.

MADISON, WIS., June 10, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Your circular dispatch through Adjutant-General is received. Enlistments for our new regiment move slowly. We are still embarrassed by failure to receive your favorable reply or any reply to my dispatch relative to mustering officers.

E. SALOMON,

Governor.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 10, 1862.

Major R. S. SMITH, Madison, Wis.:

The Secretary of War directs that you act as superintendent of the volunteer recruiting service and mustering and disbursing officer for Wisconsin.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 64. Washington, June 11, 1862.

I. All property captured by the Army, or seized by any provost- marshal, or taken up astray, or taken from soldiers marching in the enemy's country, will be turned over to the chiefs of the staff departments to which such property would appertain, on duty with the troops, and will be accounted for by them as captured property and used for the public service, unless claimed by owners and ordered by the commanding officer to be returned. In such case the receipts of the owners to whom the property is delivered will be taken therefor. Provost-marshal will make returns to the Adjutant-General of all such property and of the disposition made of it, accounting on separate returns for ordnance, quartermaster, subsistence, medical stores, &amp;c., furnishing and procuring the usual invoices and receipts, and charging the officers to whom the property has been delivered with the same on the returns.

II. Paragraph 41, Regulations for the Subsistence Department, of April 24, 1862, corresponding with paragraph 1217, Regulations for the Army, is hereby rescinded. The settlement of accounts for the board of soldiers in private hospitals is transferred to the Surgeon-General's Department.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, June 11, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: I beg leave to call your attention to the matter of the Mexican consulate at this port and to lay before you my action in the premises.

