
the Government should not have reached your hands, that not only your nomination has not been confirmed, but that general consulate has been suppressed and established for the time at New York under the charge of Senor Duran, who has received an order to collect together the archives and seals which Don Feliciano Ruiz had under his charge in deposit.

It is to be hoped, therefore, that as soon as you and also Senor Ruiz may have received notice that the general consulate in New Orleans has been suppressed, and have received orders, respectively, you shall have put an end to the indecorous and imprudent conduct which you have observed in treating of exercising the one and the other functions which as yet in no manner did not belong to either one of you.

I reiterate to you my protestations of particular attention.

FUENTE.

I certify that the above is a correct trnsaltion of document, or rather letter, in the original Spanish, dated and signed as above. In testimony whereof witness my seal.

S. A. PERKINS,

First Lieutenant, Third Massachusetts Cavalry, Second Brigade.

COLUMBUS, June 11, 1862.

(Received 1.15 a. m. 12th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Over 4,000 men have assmebled at Camp Chase under the call for three-months" volunteers. They have been formed into four regiments-Eighty-fourth, Eighty-fifth, Eighty-sixth, and Eighty- seventh. The Eighty-fourth left at 6 p. m. this day for Cumberland Mr. the Eighty-fifth are organized for guard duty within the State. The Eighty-sixth and Eighty-seventh will be ready for the field in a few days. What orders have you for them.?

DAVID TOD.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ANDJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 65. Washington, June 12, 1862.

I. Paragraph 1269, Army Regulations, is hereby so modified that private physicians, employed as medical officers with an army in the field in time of war, may be allowed a sum not to exced $125 per month, besides transportation in kind.

II. The certificates of discharge to be given by the Medical Inspector-General, or any medical inspector of the Army, under the act of May 14, 1862, published in General Orders, Numbers 53, will be made on the printed forms for cetificates of disability prescirbed by th Army Regulations. The inspector giving the discharge will idnorse it with his own certificate that it is granted upon his own personal inspection of the soldier, and with the soldier's consent, and for disability, the nature, degree, and origin of which are correctly described in the within certificate.

III. Each medical director must, under the orders of his department commander, regulate the distribution of the sick and wounded to the hospitals within the military department to which he belongs. when want of room in such hospitals or the nature of the wounds or deseases of any invalids require that detachments shall be sent beyond the limits of their departments, the Surgeon-General will designate to

10 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

