
Military commanders will report to the Adjutant-General tri- monthly the names, companies, regiments, and residences of all the soldiers furloughed or discharged by them, and forward at the same time the certificate of disability in case of discharge.

They will make timely requisitions for the blanks and such other things as may be necessary for the proper execution of this order.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 12, 1862.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF MASSACHUSETTS,

Boston, Mass.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you, in reply to your letter addressed to the Secretary of War, dated 7th instant, that the hunters and marksmen therein referred to cannot be accepted as a company of sharpshooters, but may be assigned to a regiment in process of organization, in which case, however, they would receive the same arms as those furnished the entire regiment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, June 13, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Just returned after an absence of two weeks. An inquiry how soon we could raise five regiments was answered that it could be done in four or five weeks, and the question asked, Shall we raise them? No answer to this was received. If you want five regiments from Indiana you can have them. I am reorganizing the Twelfth and Sixteenth. Please answer.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., June 13, 1862.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

We want all the troops you can raise, and as speedily as they can be had. Orders to that effect were directed to be sent you by the Adjutant-General, and I supposed and believed that it was done, and cannot account for their not reaching you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., June 14, 1862.

Honorable GALUSHA A. GROW,

Speaker of the House of Representatives:

SIR: A resolution of the House of Representatives has been received, which passed the 9th instant, to the following effect:

Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to inform this House if General Hunter, of the Department of South Carolina, has organized a regiment of South

