
may seem to require. You are authorized to exercise all sanitary and police powers that may be necessary for the health and security of the persons under your charge, and may imprison or exclude all disorderly, disobedient, or dangerous [persons] from the limits of your operations. The major-general commanding the Department of the South will be instructed to give you all the military aid and protection necessary to enable you to carry out the views of the Government. You will have power to act upon the decisions of courts-martial which are called for the trial of persons not in the military service to the same extent that a commander of a department has over courts-martial called for the trial of soldiers in his department, and so far as the persons above described are concerned, you will also above a general control over the action of the provost-marshals.

It is expressly understood that, so far as the persons and purposes herein specified are concerned, your action will be independent of that of the other military authorities of the department and in all other cases subordinated only to the major- general commanding.

In cases of need or destitution of the inhabitants, you are directed to issue such portions of the army ration and such articles of clothing as may be suitable to the habits and wants of the persons supplied, which articles will be furnished by the quartermaster and commissary of the Department of the South upon requisitions approved by yourself. It is expected that, encouraging industry, skill inthe cultivation of the necessaries of life, and general self-improvement, you will, as far as possible, promote the real well-being of all people under your supervision. Medical and ordnance supplies will be furnished by the proper officers, which you will distribute and use according to your instructions. You will account regularly with the proper bureaus of this Department and report frequently,once a week at least.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, La.,June 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.:*

*		*		*		*		*		*

I inclose herewith some correspondence with the supposed consul of Great Britain upon the subject of my General Orders, No. 41, which I also submit herewith,+ and also a protest received from the several consuls whose names are attached, with my reply. The truth is, as a rule, all the consuls, with perhaps the exception of the French consul, have aided the rebellion by every means, and specially by giving means of transferring the Confederate funds to Europe and buying arms and ammunition. I inclose also copies of correspondence in regard to certain sugars of Mr. Covas which rate to this subject, which will be sufficiently explicit in itself.*

*		*		*		*		*		*

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*For portions omitted, see Series I, Vol. XV, p.478.

+See Series, I, Vol. XV, p.483.

---------------

