
[Inclosure No. 1.] BRITISH CONSULATE, New Orleans, La., June 14, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans:

SIR: I beg to inform you that great doubt exists in the minds of British subjects who, under the provisions of your Order No. 41, are called upon to subscribe the oath therein set forth, as to the consequence of compliance with the behests of that order.

I would therefore respectfully request that you will inform me whether the oath prescribed in the first instance is intended, or in your understanding can be constructed, to effect the natural allegiance they owe to the Government of their nativity.

Objections have also been very generally urged against the oath prescribed to duly registered aliens on the ground that it imposes on them (in words at least) the office of spy, and forces them to acts inconsistent with the ordinary obligations of probity,honor, and neutrality.

Hoping that I may receive such explanations as may obviate the difficulties suggested,

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

GEORGE COPPELL,

Her Britannic Majesty's Consul.

[Inclosure No. 2.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, La., June 14, 1862.

GEORGE COPPELL, Esq.,

Acting Consul of Her Britannic Majesty, New Orleans:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that no answer is to be given to the note of George Coppell, esq., of this date, until his credentials and pretensions are recognized by his own Government and the Government of the United States. All attempts at official action on Mr. Coppell's part must cease. His credentials have been sought for, but exhibited.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

P. HAGGERTY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 3.] NEW ORLEANS, June -, 1862.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: The undersigned foreign consuls accredited to the Government of the United States have the honor to represent that General Orders, No. 41, under date of 10th instant, contain certain clauses against which they deem it their duty to protest, not only in order to comply with their obligations as representatives of their respective Governments, now at pease and in friendly relations with the United States, but also to protect, by all possible means, such of their follow-citizens as may be morally or materially injured by the execution of an order which they consider as contrary both to that justice which they have a right to expect at the hands of the Government of the United States and to the laws of nations.

