
so unjust, ant in the Englishman who opened the protest sent to me it must have been intentional; but an error, into which those not born and reared in the idioms of our language might easily have fallen.

The oath requires him who takes it not to "conceal" any wrong that has been or is about to be done in aid or comfort of the enemies of the United States. It has been read and translated to you as if it required you to reveal all such acts. "Conceal" is a verb active in our language. "Concealment" is an act done, not a thing suffered by the "concealers." Let me illustrate this difference of meaning: If I am passing about and see a thief picking the pocked of my neighbor and I say nothing about it unless called upon by a proper tribunal,that is not "concealment" of the theft; but if I throw my cloak over the thief to screen him from the police officer while he does it, I then "conceal" the left. Again, I know that my neighbors about to join the rebel army, and I go about my usual business. I do not "conceal" the fact; but if upon being inquired of by the proper authority as to where my neighbor is about to go, and I say that he is going to sea, I then conceal his acts and intentions.

Now, if any citizen or foreigner means to "conceal" rebellious or traitorous acts against the United States in the sense above given it will be much more for his personal comfort if he gets out of this department at once.

Indeed, gentlemen, if any subject of a foreign State does not like our laws or the administration of them he has an immediate, effectual, and appropriate remedy in his own hands, alike pleasant to him and to us, and that is, not to annoy his consul with complaints of those laws, orthe administration of them, or his consul wearying the authorities with verbose protests, but simply to go home. 'Stay not on the order of his going, but go at once." Such a person came here without our invitation; he will be parted with without our regrets. But he must not have committed crimes against our laws and thme to escape the punishment of those crimes.

I must beg, gentlemen that no more argumentative protests against my orders be sent to me by you as a body. If any consul has anything to offer for my consideration he will easily learn the proper mode of presenting it.

I have, gentlemen, the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 5.] NEW ORLEANS, June 11, 1862.

[Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:]

SIR: It has been represented to the undersigned by Mr. Covas, of the commercial firm of Covas &amp; Negroponte, carrying on business in this city, that certain sugars bought by that firm conjointly with Messrs. Ralli, Benachi & Co., also carrying on business here, are not allowed to be sold or taken from the place in which said sugars are stored, without further orders from you.

We beg here to state that Mr. Covas represents to the undersigned that the sugars in question, 3,205 hogsheads, have been bought for and are the property of British, French, and Greek subjects, and with which fact you are already acquainted.

