SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 80. Washington, April 12, 1862.

* * * * *

2. Colonel William Weer, having been illegally deposed by the Governor of Kansas, is reinstated in his position of colonel Fourth Regiment Kansas Volunteers. Any orders that may have been given by the Governor of Kansas troops are hereby consolidation of the Fourth Regiment with other Kansas troops are hereby revoked, and the regiment will preserve the organization it had prior to the issue of such order.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., April 13, 1862.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

Order will be given Colonel Simonson to receive the recruits in camp on the 3rd of April. As to the artillery and infantry companies, instructions will be given to-morrow.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR.] WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 14, 1862.

The returns from many of the States being found imperfect, and some changes having been made since the last returns, will you please send to this Department a full and accurate statement of all the troops from your State which are now in the service of the General Government, together with a separate list of all not mustered into the service, and all used as home guards, &amp;c.? Keep each arm of the service distinct and exhibit the total of each with the grand total. The objection of this is to arrive at the entire number of men armed and employed in the military service in any capacity, in order to provide adequate appropriations for payment and supplies, and it is highly desirable that your statement should be sent with no delay. Please acknowledge receipt immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NOTE.-To be sent to the Governors of each of the loyal States by telegraph.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, April 14, 1862.

(Received 7.40.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The work here is progressing fairly. The Lancaster, I hope, will be finished this week. I go to-morrow to Madison, thence to Pittsburg.

CHAS. ELLET, JR.

