
has been supplicating you to make such representations to the Government whose subjects you are as would induce your Sovereigns to aid it in its traitorous designs that you have become rusty in the language proper to be used in representing the claim of your fellow-citizens to the consideration of a great and powerful Government, entitled to equal respect with your own. In order to prevent all misconception, and that for the future you, gentlemen, may know exactly the position upon which I act in regard to foreigners resident here, permit me to explain to you that I think a foreigner resident here has not one right more that an American citizen, but at least one right less, i.e., that of meddling or interfering by discussion, vote, or otherwise with the affairs of the Government.

I have the honor to subscribe myself, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, June 17, 1862.

SALMON P. CHASE,Secretary of the Treasury:

SIR: Please find inclosed the draft of the Bank of Louisiana for pounds 3,000, payable to your order on account of moneys deposited in the Bank of Louisiana to the credit of the circuit court for this circuit by the clerks and therefore belonging to the United States.

I inclose the letter of the bank for further explanation. Will you send me a receipt for the net amount of the draft, so I may adjust the same with the bank? I would suggest further that some note be made in the Adjutant-General's Office of the transaction in case there should be any claim upon the reopening of the courts.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 68. Washington, June 18, 1862.

I. Whenever soldiers are discharged while absent from their companies the officers granting the discharge will furnish them with final statements for pay and certificates of discharge. The same officers, including medical inspectors, will in all cases notify the Adjutant-General and the commanding officer of the company to which the soldier belongs of the date, place, and cause of such discharge. Certificates of disability are never to be given into the hands of the soldier, but are to be forwarded to the Adjutant-General, after being completed. (See paragraphs 167 and 168, General Regulations.)

II. The act of February 13, 1862, section 2, published in General Orders, No. 15, although prohibiting the discharge of minors from the service with the written consent of their parents, masters, or guardians. Such consent must be taken in triplicate, and filed with triplicate copies of the muster-in rolls.

III. Officers now or hereafter detached from their regiments for signal duty will report immediately for orders to the signal officer of

