
the Army; after which they will not be relieved from such duty, except by orders from the Adjutant-General of the Army.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, June 18, 1862.

GOVERNOR OF MAINE:

We are in pressing need of troops. How many can you forward immediately?

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

(Same to Governors of New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, and Kansas.)

[JUNE 18, 1862.-For Butler to Stanton, inclosing report of Phelps, relating to the condition of the negro, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XV, p.485.]

NEW HAVEN, June 18, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, U. S. Army,

Adjutant-General, Washington:

SIR: Your telegram is at hand saying that you are in pressing want of troops, to which I have replied. I would add that if you want 2,000 or 3,000 troops for three-month's service, I have no doubt I can raise them in a very few days if you can show our citizens that a necessity exists for such service. In that case they would abandon their business and readily obey your call.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., June 18, 1862.

Brigadier General J. G. BLUNT,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: Your letter of May 27, 1862, inclosing copy of instructions to Captain Moonlight, and of Governor Robinson's letter of May 25, 1862, has been received. I am directed to say in reply that subject has been referred to the Attorney-General, together with a copy of Special Orders, No. 80,* and his opinion has been received fully sustaining the authority of the Secretary of War to issue the order. He says:

Giving to the constitutional reservations in favor of the States the most liberal construction which can be claimed for them, they confer no right on the State

---------------

*See April 12,p.16.

---------------

