
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., June 23, 1862.

Governor WASHBURN,

Augusta, Me.:

I have the honor to transmit to you the following order, issued by this Department:

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 21, 1862.

ORDER TO ENCOURAGE ENLISTMENTS.

Pursuant to a joint of Congress to encourage enlistments in the Regular Army and volunteer forces, it is ordered that a premium of $2 shall be paid for each accepted recruit who volunteers for three years or during the war. And every soldier who hereafter enlists either in the Regular, Army of volunteers for three years or during the war may receive his first month's pay in advance upon the mustering of his company into the service of the United States, or after he shall have been mustered into and joined a regiment already in the service. This order will be transmitted to Governors of States and recruiting officers.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Governors Berry, Concord, N. H.; Holbrook, Brattlebrough, Vt.; Buckingham, Hartford, Conn.; Andrew, Boston, Mass.; Sprague, Providence, R. I.; Morgan, Albany, N. Y.; Curtin, Harrisburg, Pa.; Olden, Trenton, N. J.; Burton, Dover, Del.; Tod, Columbus, Ohio; Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.; Yates, Springfield, Ill.; Ramsey, Saint Paul, Minn.; Blair, Lansing, Mich.; Salomon, Madison, Wis., and Kirkwood, Davenport, Iowa.)

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., June 23, 1862.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Governor Yates telegraphs me this morning from Washington to send the Twelfth Cavalry, Colonel Voss. to Annapolis, and orders have issued and they will leave Wednesday. The Sixty-fifth, Colonel Cameron, leaves to-morrow. I hope to get a regiment of three- months" men off this week. Governor Yates says, accept two more regiments of three months" if they can be raised in ten days, and hasten the regiments of three-years" men now organizing. All this I will of course do, but to succeed I must have the active co- operation, instead of "red tape" and slow motions of U.s. quartermasters and mustering officers it his State. If you will telegraph me at Chicago to-morrow morning an order on such officers in this State to promptly honor my requisitions for transportation, clothing, and camp and garrison equipage, I will see what can be done and promise dispatch.

ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General.

CLINTON, IOWA, June 23, 1862.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

One new regiment will be ready within forty days. It is raised by squads and companies all over the State and tents are indispensable, which I have not received. All other supplies received. Let me have the tents immediately. Are they on the way?

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General.

