
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, June 25, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a note of the 23rd instant, addressed to this Department by the charge d"affaires of the Mexican Republic, relative to the condition of the frontier between that country and the United States, and will thank you for any information or suggestions which may enable me to give an acceptable answer to Mr. Romero's communication, the return of which is desired.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.-Translation.]

MEXICAN LEGATION TO THE UNITED STATES, Washington, June 23, 1862.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

MR. SECRETARY: The situation of the frontier continues to become daily more embarrassing. The dangers which I indicated to you in the note which I had the honor to address to you dated the 2nd instant have become much more aggravated by the circumstances that the States called Confederate are seeking, in the concession made by the Government of Mexico to that of the Unfitted States for passing over American troops from Guaymas to Arizona, a cause for war, or at least a pretext to invade the Mexican frontier and advance upon Sonora, which has been and is the desire constantly manifested by the people of the Southern United States.

The authorities of the seceding States ordered Colonel James Reily to the States of Chihuahua and Sonora to make himself sure whether such concession had been made, to ask explanations respecting it, and to threaten to make war if it should be carried out. The mission had also the object of obtaining from those States the right of entry for Confederate troops on their territory in pursuit of Indians and to establish a depot at Guyamas. I do not send you the communications which have been exchanged upon this subject between the authorities of Sonora and Colonel Reily, because they were sent to Mr. Corwin by the Government of Mexico and I suppose he sent them to the Department.

These motives increase the need of the United States, fixing its attention on the situation in which the frontier is placed, and adopting the measures which it may think suitable for anticipating armed invasions from the territory of the United States on the Mexican Republic.

I avail myself of this opportunity to reiterate to you the assurance of my most distinguished consideration.

M. ROMERO.

CHICAGO, June 25, 1862.

EDWIN M. STANTON:

The Sixty-fifth, Colonel Cameron, 900 strong, left here last evening for Annapolis. Will send you another regiment first of next week from Springfield, and I think will have two more by the 5th and 10th

