
proximo. Have received no reply to my dispatch about co-operation of U. S.officers in this State, which I much need.

ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] STATE OF INDIANA, EXECUTIVE DEPT.,

Indianapolis, June 25, 1862.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: I desire to call your especial attention to certain matters existing in this State which, in my judgment, deeply concern the welfare and interest of both the State and General Governments.

The fact is well established that there is a secret political organization in Indiana, estimated and claimed to be 10,000 strong, the leading objects of which are to embarrass all efforts to recruit men for the military service of the United States, to embitter public sentiment and manufacture public opinion against the levying and collection of taxes to defray the expenses of the present war, and generally to create distrust in and bad feeling toward the Government and its recognized and legally constituted authorities. Another object is to circulate and foster newspapers of extremely doubtful loyalty - papers that sympathize with the rebellion and oppose and disparage continually and persistently the efforts of the Government to put down traitors and crush out treason. The sheets particularly favored in this way I believe to be the Indiana State Sentinel, published in this city; the Cincinnati, Enquirer, the Dayton Empire, and the Chicago Times. They are doing incalculable injury to the Union cause, not, it is true, openly and in plain terms, but by invidious, malignant, and vituperative attacks upon Union men, by their continued apologies for the crimes committed by the leaders of the rebellion, and by their failure to condemn their cause and conduct. By means of these presses bad feeling, discontent, and a disposition to resist the laws are engendered in the minds of many citizens, not only in Indiana, but in many of the neighboring counties in Kentucky, who have become insolent and abusive toward those engaged in the military service and those who are endeavoring to raise additional troops for our armies. In regard to the course of the Sentinel I can positively state that in its sympathies it is as thoroughly opposed to our Government as the Charleston Mercury or Richmond Enquirer, even where its disguise is but transparent and does not even serve as a cloak for its real opinions and sentiments. The rebel prisoners confined in Camp Morton, in this city, regard and esteem it as their defender, ally, and friend. Recently it has published a series of articles with the intent and for the purpose of creating a distrust in the minds of the people as to the constitutionality and validity of the act of Congress making the Treasury notes issued by the Government a legal tender. I mention this particular matter only to show the general character of this sheet. Its general tone and tenor is to oppose whatever the Government favors, to show that, whatever our resources and ability may be, we cannot carry the war to a successful termination without violating and breaking down the Constitution which we pr, asserting that the responsibility of the war rests wholly upon the North, without a single word in condemnation of the traitors of the South, charging repeatedly and boldly that the

