
sole aim and object is to interfere with their rights by securing the abolition of slavery.

The organization alluded to is confined to no particular locality, but evidently is in operation in every county in the State. Its members are bound by oaths and their meeting are guarded by armed men.

These facts have been coming to me for some weeks past from all parts of the State, substantiated by evidence which leaves no doubt in my mind of their truth.

I am forced to believe that the present is the most critical period in our history since the commencement of the present war.

I deem if of vital importance to the Government that immediate, vigorous, and effective steps be taken to break up these unlawful and dangerous combinations, and to correct the evils complained of. Our efforts to aid and assist in carrying our the wishes of the Government are greatly impeded; our plans are interfered with and thwarted, and the feelings of our patriotic and loyal citizens are estranged and insulted. Such a state of things cannot long exist, and if a change for the better is not effected no one can foresee the result.

As an important and necessary measure, allow me to recommend that at least ten thousand stand of good arms be furnished as early as possible for the use of our loyal citizens to be organized as militia throughout the State, under the law creating the "Indiana Legion."

I cannot undertake the organization of this force until I know certainly that the arms will be supplied,and when. The "Legion" has already been efficiently organized in most of the counties bordering on the Ohio River. It has been very valuable as a means for raising three-years" troops, several regiments having been almost entirely made up from it. I am confident similar results will follow after its organization in other parts of the State.

The five regiments recently called for from this State for service during the war are progressing very slowly. I have just issued a special proclamation with reference to them and hope to succeed in getting them up during the summer, but the difficulties from the causes mentioned are greatly increased.

I respectfully submit these matters for your early consideration, and trust my suggestions in regard to arms may meet with your approbation, and that some plan to correct the evils complained of may be speedily devised.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

O. P. MORTON.

BRATTLEBOROUCH, VT., June 25, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Ninth Vermont Regiment is nearly full and will be ready for marching in some ten days. Probably the Tenth Regiment could be recruited in some forty to fifty days from this date, though it would be considerably above Vermont's quota of any call yet made by Government. If the Government needs the Tenth Regiment, and you make direct requisition for it, we well raise it. Please answer immediately.

FREDK. HOLBROOK,

Governor of Vermont.

12 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

