
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., June 26, 1862.

Governor HOLBROOK,

Brattleborough, Vt.:

Please organize your Tenth Regiment. It is needed by the Government, and will be received if organized within the period stated in your telegram of yesterday to this Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, June 27, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I have just held an interview with Mr. Stuart, Her Britannic Majesty's charge d"affaires, in the course of which he has assured me that the letters of Mr. Coppell, the British acting consult at New Orleans, to the legation here, and everything else concerning him which has come to their knowledge, have uniformly shown entire fairness toward this Government. It is to be apprehended, therefore, that General Butler in his correspondence with Mr. Coppell, especially that which relates to certain sugars at New Orleans, must have assumed a contrary hypothesis, and that in the severity of his remarks he has done that gentleman injustice. I will, consequently, thank you to communicate the fact, and express to General Butler the President's desire that he will do what he can toward removing from Mr. Coppell's mind the impression of injury which he may have done to that gentleman.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., June 27, 1862.

WILLIAM C. BARNEY,

New York:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 24th instant,* asking authority to raise a brigade to be composed of Catholics, I am directed to say that the organization of the volunteer forces is placed under the exclusive control of Governors of States. They are accepted from them by regiments,and will be arranged in brigade as the necessities of the service may require. It is probable, however, that if a brigade is raised as suggested in your letter it can be kept together. sary, however, for you to apply t other Governor of New York and have the regiments ready for acceptance before this Department can act in the matter.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

