
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, June 27, 1862.

Hon. REVERDY JOHNSON,

New Orleans, La.:

SIR: The President regards the renewal of commerce at New Orleans and on the Mississippi and its tributaries as a most effective means of bringing this unhappy civil strife to an end and restoring the authority of the Federal Government. Such a restoration of trade is also calculated to deprive powers of all excuse for sympathy with the insurgents. Under these circumstances be deeply regrets every case of collision that occurs, even unavoidably, between the military authorities at New Orleans and the consuls, merchants, and other concerned in commerce. While he will in all cases maintain the national rights, he desires to protect and guard the national honor in intercourse with foreign nations. A correspondence between Major- General Butler and the consuls of Great Britain, France, and Greece, in regard to a certain quantity of sugars claimed by certain British, French,and Grecian merchants, has been brought to the notice of this Department through a report of Major- General Butler made to the Secretary of War. The President desires and authorizes you, in addition to the special duties already assigned to you, to examine into the merits of that transaction and to report the facts thereupon to this Department, to the and that justice may be done in the matter. The carrying this instruction into effect may detain you at New Orleans longer than was anticipated, but the importance of the business makes it advisable that it should be adjusted prior to your departure.*

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, June 27, 1862.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

The Eighty-seventh Regiment (three-months" men), over 1,000 strong, leave for Annapolis on Sunday next. The field officers are able and experienced men. Recruiting for three-years" service progresses slowly, but steadily. Shall be able to given you three regiments by the 1st of August and the two others by the 1st of September.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, June 28, 1862.

Hon. W. H. SEWARD:

MY DEAR SIR: My view of the present condition of the war is about as follows:

The evacuation of Corinth and our delay by the flood in the Chickahominy has enabled the enemy to concentrate too much force in Richmond for McClellan to successfully attack. In fact, there soon will be no substantial rebel force anywhere else. But if we send all the force from here to McClellan the enemy will, before we can know of it, send a force from Richmond and take Washington. Or if a large part of the Western army be brought here to McClellan they

---------------

*For Johnson's report of his mission to New Orleans, see Senate Executive Document No. 16, Thirty-seventh Congress, third session.

---------------

