
and vigorous measures to be adopted by the people in support of the great interests committed to your charge, we respectfully request, if it meets with your entire approval, that you at once call upon the several States for such number of men as may be required to fill up all military organizations now in the field, and add to the armies heretofore organized such additional number of men as may in your judgment be necessary to garrison and hold all of the numerous cities and military positions that have been captured by our armies, and to speedily crush the rebellion that still exists in several of the Southern States, thus practically restoring to the civilized world our great and good Government. All believe that the decisive moment is near at hand, and to that end the people of the United States are desirous to aid promptly in furnishing all re-enforcements that you may deem needful to sustain our Government.

And of the proclamation the following is the proposed form of answer from the President to the Governors of States, the - of which are to be filled by names and numbers to suit the circumstances of the States:

To the Governor of the State of---:

Fully concurring in the wisdom of the views expressed to me in so patriotic a manner by the Governors of the State of --- ---, in the communication of the -- day of ---, I have decided to call into the service an additional force of 150,000 men. I suggest and recommend that the troops should be chiefly of infantry. The quota of your State would be ---. I trust that they may be enrolled without delay, so as to bring this unnecessary and injurious civil war to a speedy and satisfactory conclusion.

To the PRESIDENT:

If you approve of the substance of the circular to the Governors, which I send, and will authorize me to say, so I am assured by the good and great men around me that the re-enforcements can be raised through an appeal to the country, which they are prepared to make immediately. Please answer. The papers which are sent to you are informal, and it is intended only to submit them to your inspection before the transaction is entered upon.

W. H. SEWARD.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., June 30, 1862-9 p.m.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Astor House, New York:

Your programme just received and I think it all right. The President has gone to the country very tired. In morning you shall have his answer. I will send it to him immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

[JUNE 30, 1862 - 7 p.m.- Fo Stanton to Seward, relating to McClellan's operations on the Peninsula, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XI, Part III, p.276.]

NEW YORK, June 30, 1862.

(Received 11 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Will you authorize me to promise an advance to recruits of $25 of the $100 bounty? It is thought here and in Massachusetts that without such payment recruiting will be very difficult, and with it probably entirely successful.

W. H. SEWARD.

