
COLUMBUS, OHIO, July 1, 1862.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am invited by the Governors of New York and Pennsylvania to join them in a call upon the President for such additional number of troops as may be necessary to speedily crush the rebellion, to which I have replied that I am already authorized to raise five regiments in addition to the four that I have recently sent to the field, and that this, in the absence of disastrous news from Richmond, is all that Ohio can readily raise, except filling up the regiments in the field. Is this answer satisfactory to you?

DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio.

ERIE, PA., July 1, 1862.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

In God's name, we pray you to call out 1,000,000 and suppress this rebellion, and never countermand the order until the last man is in the field, unless the rebellions should surrender unconditionally to our forces. We have had fathers and brothers slain. Great God! subdue the rattlesnake flag if it cost all we are worth. Answer.

A. H. GRAY,

And the country en masse.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., July 2, 1862.

Hon. G. A. GROW,

Speaker of the House of Representatives:

SIR: On reference to the answer of this Department of the 14th ultimo to the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 9th of last month calling for information respecting the organization by General Hunter,of the Department of South Carolina, of a regiment of "volunteers for the defense of the Union composed of black men (fugitive slaves)," it will be seen that the resolution had been referred to that officer, with instructions to make immediate report thereon. I have now the honor to transmit herewith the copy of a communication just received from General Hunter, furnishing information as to his action touching the various matters indicated in the resolution.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Port Royal, S. C., June 23, 1862.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication from the Adjutant-General of the Army, dated June 13, 1862, requesting me to furnish you with the information necessary to answer

