
certain resolutions introduced in the House of Preventatives June 9, 1862, on motion of the Honorable Mr. Wickliffe,of Kentucky, their substance being to inquire-

First. Whether I had organized or was organizing a regiment of "fugitive slaves"in this department:

Second. Whether any authority had been given to me from the War Department for such organization; and

Third. Whether I had been furnished by order of the War Department with clothing, uniforms, arms, equipments, &amp;c., for such a force.

Only having received the letter covering these inquiries at a late hour on Saturday night, I urge forward my answer in time for the steamer sailing to-day (Monday), this haste preventing me from entering as minutely as I could with upon many points of detail, such as the paramount importance of the subject calls for. But in view of the near termination of the present session of Congress, and the widespread interest which must have been awakened by Mr. Wickliffe's resolutions, I prefer sending even this imperfect answer to waiting the period necessary for the collection of fuller and more comprehensive data.

To the first question, therefore, I reply that no regiment of "fugitive slaves" has been or is being organized in this department. There is, however, a fine regiment of persons whose late masters are "fugitive rebels" - men who everywhere filly before the appearance of the National flag, leaving their servants behind them to shift, as best they can, for themselves. So far, indeed, are the loyal persons composing this regiment from seeking to avoid the presence of their late owners that they are now,one and all, working with remarkable industry to place themselves in a position to go in full and effective pursuit of their fugacious and traitorous proprietors.

To the second question I have the honor to answer that the instructions given to Brigadier General T. W. Sherman by the Honorable Simon Cameron, late Secretary of War, and turned over to me by succession for my guidance,do distinctly authorize me to employ all loyal persons offering their services in defense of the Union, and for the suppression of this rebellion, in any manner I might see fit, or that the circumstances might call for.* There is no restriction as to the character or color of the persons to be employed or the nature of the employment, whether civil or military, in which their services should be used. I conclude, therefore, that I have been authorized to enlist "fugitive slaves" as soldiers, could any such be found in this department. No such characters, however, have yet appeared within view of our most advanced pickets, the loyal slaves everywhere remaining on their plantations to welcome us, aid us, and supply us with food, labor, and information. It is the masters who have in every instance been the "fugitives," running away from loyal slaves as well as loyal slaves as well as loyal soldiers, and whom we have only partially been able to see, chiefly their heads over ramparts, or, rifle in hand, dodging behind trees in the extreme distance. In the absence of any "fugitive master law" the deserted slaves would be wholly without remedy, had not the crime of treason given them the right to pursue, capture, and bring back those persons of whose protection they have been thus suddenly bereft.

To the third interrogatory it is my painful dutyived any specific authority for issues of clothing, uniforms, arms, equipments, &c., to the troops in question. My general

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. VI, p.176.

---------------

