
instructions from Mr. Cameron to employ them in any manner I might find necessary, and the military exigencies of the department and the country being my only, but, in my judgment, sufficient, justification. Neither have I had any specific authority for supplying these persons with shovels, spades, and pickaxes, when employing them as laborers,nor with boats and oars when using them as lightermen; but these are not points included in Mr. Wickliffe's resolution. To me it seemed that liberty to employ men in any particular capacity implied with it liberty also to supply them with the necessary tools, and acting upon this faith I have clothed, equipped, and armed the only loyal regiment yet raised in South Carolina.

I must say, in vindication of my conduct, that had it not been for the many other diversified and imperative claims on my time and attention a much more satisfactory result might have been hoped for, and that in place of only one as at present, at least five or six well-drilled, brave, and thoroughly acclimated regiments should by this time have been added to the loyal forces of the Union. The experiment of arming the blacks, so far as I have made it, has been a complete and even marvelous success. They are sober, docile, attentive, and enthusiastic, displaying great natural capacities for acquiring the duties of the soldier. They are eager, beyond all things, to take the field and be led into action; and it is the unanimous opinion of the officers who have had charge of them that in the peculiarities of this climate and country they will prove invaluable auxiliaries, fully equal to the similar regiments so long and successfully used by the British authorities in the West India Islands.

In conclusion, I would say it is my hope, there appearing no possibility of other re-enforcements,owing to the exigencies of the campaign in the Peninsula, to have organized by the end of next fall and to be able to present to the Government from 48,000 to 50,000 of these hardy and devoted soldiers.

Trusting that this letter may form part of your answer to Mr. Wickliffe's resolutions,

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your very obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

BOSTON, July 2, 1862-10.50 a.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Governor Andrew sends you his earnest and satisfactory response. Governor Sprague is at Washington, and must have failed to receive the telegram addressed to him at Providence by the Governors. The Governor of Iowa was not reached. The Senators from that State might authorize you to append his name.

W. H. SEWARD.

BOSTON, MASS., July 2, 1862-11 a.m.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Finished business here satisfactorily and start for Cleveland at 2 o"clock, where I will meet the Governors of several States. Shall Stager to with me? Answer.

W. H. SEWARD.

