
authorize the quartermaster to seize such boats as may be needed as other property is taken for military purposes, leaving the parties to seek remuneration from Congress. For those purchased the price will be paid immediately, but I do want any contracts concluded until approved by this Department. Mr. Ellet will probably be at Cincinnati to-night or to-morrow morning.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 2, 1862.

ROBERT W. FURNAS,

First Regiment Home Guards:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise from the loyal Indians now in Kansas a regiment of infantry to serve for three years or during the war. On the completion of the organization of this regiment you will be mustered in to serve as its colonel. The regiment will be organized as prescribed by the act of Congress approved July 22, 1861, to authorized the employment of volunteers, &amp;c., viz.*

Lieutenant Charles S. Bowman, Fourth Cavalry, U. S. Army, at Fort Leavenworth, will act as mustering officer. He will make requisitions upon the proper officers at headquarters Department of the Mississippi for subsistence, medical stores, clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and all other supplies that may be needed. Upon completion of the organization of your regiment you will report to Major-General Halleck, commanding Department of the Mississippi, for further instructions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 33. Washington, April 3, 1862.

* * * * *

II. In order to secure, as far as possible, the decent interment of those who have fallen, or may fall, in battle, it is made the duty of commanding generals to lay off lots of ground in some suitable spot near every battle-field, so soon as it may be in their power, and to cause the remains of those killed to be interred, with headboards to the graves bearing numbers, and, where practicable, the names of the persons buried in them. A register of each burial ground will be preserved, in which will be noted the marks corresponding with the headboards.

III. The recruiting service for volunteers will be discontinued in every State from this date. The officers detached on volunteer recruiting service will join their regiments without delay, taking with them the parties and recruits at their respective stations. The superintendents of volunteer recruiting service will disband their parties and close their offices, after having taken the necessary steps to carry out these orders. The public property belonging to the volunteer recruiting service will be sold to the best advantage possible, and the

---------------

*Details of organization omitted; see act of July 22, 1861, Vol. I, this series, p. 380.

---------------

