
now I believe I could substantially close the war in two weeks. But time is everything, and if I get 50,000 new men in a month I shall have lost 20,000 old ones during the same month, having gained only 30,000, with the difference between old and new troops still against me. The quicker you send the fewer you will have to send. Time is everything. Please act in view of this. The enemy having given up Corinth, it is not wonderful that he is thereby enabled to check us for a time at Richmond.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

(Same to Governors Berry, Concord, N. H.; Holbrook, Brattleborough, Vt.; Buckingham, Hartford, Conn.; Andrew, Boston, Mass.; Sprague, Providence, R. I.; Morgan, Albany, N. Y.; Curtin, Harrisburg, Pa.; Olden, Trenton, N. J.; Tod, Columbus, Ohio; Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.; Yates, Springfield, Ill.; Ramsey, Saint Paul, Minn.; Blair, Lansing, Mich.; Salomon, Madison, Wis., and Kirkwood, Davenport, Iowa.)

NEW HAVEN, July 3, 1862.

President LINCOLN:

I will spare no effort to raise men, but fear I [can] do little to meet immediate necessity.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., July 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We have 1,600 three-months" men guarding rebel prisoners. These prisoners can be distributed among the prison camps in Illinois and Ohio, I am informed, without requiring additional guards. If this is done, these troops, who are in good condition, having nearly three months to serve, can be sent East. Do you want thirteen regiments from Indiana? If so, I will strain every nerve to furnish them at earliest moment. Please answer immediately. I am now raising five regiments, but the work tardy. I think I can raise fifteen sooner on a new system.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

PORTLAND, July 3, 1862.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have President's telegram. Recruiting for three years is terribly hard. Shall be obliged to resort to drafting unless I can be authorized to take volunteers for three and six months. Will do the best possible.

I. WASHBURN, JR.

