
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 3, 1862.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

Your telegram of yesterday received, and I think you for your assurance of co-operation.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

BOSTON, July 3, 1862-2.30 p. m.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President:

SIR: If you wish militia for three months, Massachusetts can furnish several thousand within the period named by you.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor.

TRENTON, July 3, 1862.

Honorable A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I received your dispatch. I will hurry forward every available man in the shortest possible time. I have not yet received any information as to our quota from the War Department, or any communication whatever. Please send requisition.

C. S. OLDEN,

Governor.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Trenton, N. J., July 3, 1862.

His Excellency Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

SIR: Since telegraphing you this morning I have further considered your telegram. Your desire is to have men at an early day. that end could be best attained by calling the volunteers for but six months, and by paying each when enlisted, and before mustered in, a month's pay. This to be in addition to the $25 bounty when mustered in.

As to calling the men for but six months, the Government must determine. It would render enlistments more easy, but has its disadvantages. If any of our regiments are for only six months, all must be, as it would prevent our enlisting men for three years, and it would also interfere with our supplying their places at the end of six months. My own impression is (if not improper for me to express it) that General McClellan might better be re-enforced by men in the field, even if it could only be done by abandoning for the time some points now held by our troops, and the States raise their troops for the war. I simply state the fact that we can raise regiments more readily for six months than for three years. The giving a month's pay when enlisted and before mustered, that the volunteer may make provision for his family when he leaves, I think quite important. This State give a bounty of $6 a month to each volunteer, but by our law it can"t be paid in advance. If the Secretary of War will authorize this State to pay to each volunteer when enlisted a month's

