
in the present emergency, and with the utmost promptness. We are making arrangements for that purposed now. We will require at least 30,000 men to supply to losses of our regiments now in the field. We are not informed as to the number of new regiments you will ask from this State. No doubt we will get that information from the Secretary of War, and of enlistments and inducements by bounties, advance of pay, &amp;c. I suggest that if the enlistments were made for a shorter time, say six months, it would greatly increase our numbers and hasten the formation of regiments. Have the kindness to mention the subject to Mr. Stanton and I will not telegraph him.

A. G. CURTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 4, 1862.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

General Buckingham has been conferring with some of the Northern and Western Governors in respect to the new recruits, and as soon as he returns specific instructions will be given. It is designed to leave the matter as far as possible in the hands of the respective Governors until the troops are mustered into service. This course, it is believed, will be most uniform and efficient.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Harrisburg, Pa., July 4, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I inclose a note just received from Governor Burton, of Delaware. I consider it important that his name should be appended to the call upon the President, as he represents a Border State, and the sentiment of his commurable.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

A. G. CURTIN.

[Inclosure.]

MILFORD, July 2, 1862.

Governor A. G. CURTIN:

DEAR SIR: I cordially join the several Governors of the loyal States to request the President to call out as many men as will be sufficient to crush this rebellion.

Yours, &c.,

WILLIAM BURTON,

Governor of Delaware.

CLEVELAND, July 5, 1862-9.10 a. m.

(Received 10 a. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Have met Governors Tod, Morton, Blair, and Salomon, and Temple, of Kentucky. All feel right and will do their duty.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General.

