
DAVENPORT, IOWA, July 5, 1862.

(Received 10 p. m. 6th.)

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The Eighteenth Iowa Infantry is rapidly organizing. Shall have it ready in about thirty days. Our harvesting prevents rapid recruiting just now. Iowa will do her duty. She has furnished already seventeen regiments of infantry, five regiments of cavalry, and three batteries of artillery. If you want a regiment of three-months" men they could easily be raise.

SAML. J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 5, 1862.

Brigadier General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Headquarters Missouri State Militia, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter of May 26* asking information respecting the appointment of staff officers for the Missouri State Militia, and in reply to inform you that it is the intention of the Government to organize the force referred to with the same number of officers as is contained in the organization of the regiments of the Army. Paymasters therefore should in all cases be governed by the rules prescribed for such organization.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., July 6, 1862-10 p. m.

(Received 10.20 a. m. 7th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Governor and adjutant-general in Chicago. Sixty-eighth Regiment Illinois, three-months" volunteers, 907 strong, well armed and equipped, left for Annapolis, via Wheeling and Cumberland, this p. m., Lieutenant Colonel H. L. Taylor commanding. Calls for more troops will receive prompt attention on arrival of Governor and Adjutant-General Fuller to-night.

JNO. S. LOOMIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Illinois.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 74. Washington, July 7, 1862.

I. The following resolution of Congress is published for the information of all concerned:

A RESOLUTION to encourage enlistments in the Regular Army and Volunteer forces.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That so much of the ninth section of the act approved August third, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, entitled "An act for the better organization of the military establishment," as abolishes the premium paid for bringing accepted recruits to the rendezvous, be and the same is hereby repealed, and hereafter a premium of two dollars shall be paid to any citizen, non-commissioned officer, or

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

