
soldier, for such accepted recruit for the Regular Army [as] he may bring to the rendezvous. And every soldier who hereafter enlists, either in the Regular Army or the volunteers, for three years or during the war, may receive his first month's pay in advance, upon the mustering of his company into the service of the United States, or after he shall have been mustered into and joined a regiment already in the service.

Approve June 21, 1862.

II. For the $2 premium, regular service, the form of receipt roll annexed* will be used as a consolidated voucher for the payments. The payments will be made from recruiting funds, and so soon as the recruit is accepted by the recruiting officer.

III. For volunteers recruits for old regiments there will be paid a premium of $3, and for those entering new regiments a premium of $2. The premium may be paid either to the person bringing the recruit, or to the recruit in person, in case he presents himself.

These payments will be made so soon as the recruit has been inspected by the surgeon and mustered into the service.

The amounts will be entered on the muster-in roll, opposite the names of the recruits so paid, and charged to the fund for "collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers."

For a voucher, a modified from of that used in the regular service may be used.

IV. The month's pay in advance for regular and volunteer recruits will be paid under such regulations as the Paymaster-General may establish.

V. During the continuace of the existing war $25 of the $100 bounty previously authorized by act of Congress will be paid to every recruit of the regular and volunteer forces.

These payments will be made as follows, viz:

1. to volunteer recruits for the old regiments when the said recruits are inspected and mustered into the service, and to those of the new regiments when their companies are organized, muster-in rolls made out, and the mustering officer's certificate given thereto. The amounts will be entered on the muster-in rolls, opposite the name of the recruits, respectively, and charged under the head of "Expenses of volunteer recruiting service." To this end an account current separate from that for the fund for "collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers" will be used, but the "volunteer recruiting fund" will be disbursed by the regularly appointed mustering and disbursing officers.

2. To recruits for the regular service when the recruit has been passed by the "board of inspectors," at the regimental or general service depot, as the case may be. The amounts under this head will be paid from the recruiting funds and entered on the recruiting account current opposite the names of the recruits, respectively; and also on the first descriptive list of the soldier; whenever this list is given before bounty has been paid an entry-"$25 bounty due for enlistment"-will be made thereon.

In case of re-enlisted soldiers, the entry, as to payment or non- payment, will be made on the first muster-roll, and the superintendent of the recruiting service will be notified of the fact.

3. Vouchers for payment will be in the form of consolidated receipt rolls.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

