
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 7, 1862.

Honorable E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York, Albany:

You are requested to raise as soon as practicable for the U. S. service, for three years or during the war, twenty-eight regiments of volunteer infantry, being a part of your quota under the call of the President.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar dispatch to Honorable Charles S. Olden, Governor of New Jersey, Trenton, N. J., calling for five regiments; to Honorable Andrew G. Curtin, Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg, Pa., calling for twenty-one regiments; to Honorable William Burton, Governor of Delaware, Dover, Del., calling for one regiment; to Honorable A. W. Bradford, Governor of Maryland, Annapolis, Md., calling for four regiments; to Honorable F. H. Peirpoint, Governor of Virginia, Wheeling, Va., calling for two regiments; to Honorable David Tod, Governor of Ohio, Columbus, Ohio, calling for seventeen regiments; to Honorable O. P. Morton, Governor of Indiana, Indianapolis, Ind., calling for one regiments; to Honorable Israel Washburn, Governor of Maine, Augusta, Me., calling for five regiments; to Honorable Nathaniel S. Berry, Governor of New Hampshire, Concord, N. H., calling for two regiments; to Honorable Frederick Holbrook, Governor of Vermont, Brattleborough, Vt., calling for two regiments; to Honorable John A. Andrew, Governor of Massachusetts, Boston, Mass., calling for twelve regiments; to Honorable William Sprague, Governor of Rhode Island, Providence, R. I., calling for one regiment; to Honorable William A. Buckingham, Governor of Connecticut, New Haven, Conn., calling for five regiments; to Hon richard Yates, Governor of Illinois, Springfield, Ill., calling for nine regiments; to Honorable Austin Blair, Governor of Michigan, Detroit, Mich., calling for six regiments; to Honorable Edward Salomon, Governor of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis., calling for five regiments; to General J. W. Finnell, adjutant-general of Kentucky, Frankford, Ky., calling for four regiments; to Honorable Samuel J. Kirkwood, Governor of Iowa, calling for five regiments; to Honorable Alexander Ramsey, Governor of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn., calling for one regiment; to Honorable H. R. Gamble, Governor of Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo., calling for four regiments; to Honorable Andrew Johnson, Governor of Tennessee, Nashville, Tenn., calling for two regiments.)

AUGUSTA, July 7, 1862-1.25 p. m.

(Received 2.10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I will have three regiments of infantry in fifteen days. Will you provide that arms and equipments, clothing, and tents [that] are seasonable [be] sent here? Also that a paymaster or other person be authorized to pay here the premium, advance pay, and advance bounty before they leave the State? Do you advise me to raise another regiment?

ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.

