
geon of the regiment, and if found unfit for duty by reason of permanent disability will be discharged from the service forthwith by the surgeon, who will report such discharges to the adjutant-general of the State, and also to the adjutant of the regiment, noting particularly those cases where the disability was obvious at the time of enlistment.

The muster-in rolls of each company will be made out by the adjutant of the regiment from a list to be furnished by the adjutant-general of the State, together with the articles of enlistment furnished him by the recruiting officer, and will note upon it the names of all persons discharged by the surgeon for permanent disability, designating particularly those cases where the disability was apparent at the time of enlistment.

As soon as the organization of a regiment is completed it will be carefully inspected by the mustering officer for the State, who will see that at least the minimum number of each company is present. No absentees, except sick in hospital, will be counted. He will also compare the muster-in rolls, and if found correct will sign the roll, certifying to the muster of each man at the date of his enlistment.

Mustering officers will report promptly to the Adjutant-General of the Army the names of all recruiting lieutenants mustered into the service by them, under conditional letters of appointment, together with the regiments to which they belong.

II. Officers will be mustered into the service only on the authority of the Governor of the State to which their regiments belong.

III. Until regiments are organized and their muster-in rolls completed they will be under the exclusive control of the Governors of the States, and all requisitions for quartermaster, medical, and ordnance stores, and contracts for subsistence, will, if approved by them, be allowed, and not otherwise.

IV. Where it is desired by the Governors of States, the U. S. officers of the Quartermaster, Medical, and Ordnance Departments may turn over stores to the State authorities, to be issued by them in accordance with the regulations, and accounted for to the proper bureau of the War Department.

V. Persons traveling under the order of the Governor of a State on business connected with the recruiting service will be allowed the actual cost of transportation, to be paid by the mustering and disbursing officer on presentation of the account, accompanied by proper vouchers and the order under which the journey was performed.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

NEW HAVEN, July 8, 1862.

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Your telegram in at hand requesting me to raise five regiments of volunteers for the war. In reply I would say that I am bending every effort to organize new regiments with more encouraging prospects of success than I had a few days since.

I am, yours, very respectfully,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

