
will doubtless have to call them together for the purpose. We send you this as the result of our conclusions from what we know of the condition of the Northwest. This is confidential.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

W. A. PEALE,

Secretary of State.

A. LANGE,

Auditor of State.

J. S. HARVEY,

Treasurer of State.

JNO. F. KIBBEY,

Attorney-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 10, 1862.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF INDIANA:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to make a requisition on the Secretary of War for such sum as you may deem necessary (not to exceed $1,000), to be expended at your discretion in employing speakers, or in such other secret manner as you may deem advisable, for encouraging enlistments of volunteers. Your account of such fund will be rendered to the Secretary of War, accompanied by proper vouchers.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

(Same to the Governors of Ohio, Wisconsin, and Michigan, and Honorable J. B. Temple, president Military Board of Kentucky.)

NEW HAVEN, CONN., July 10, 1862.

(Received 3 p. m.)

President LINCOLN:

Our losses before Richmond only stimulate this people to increased efforts and a firmer purpose to preserve the Union entire. Our armies may be checked and destroyed, but other will be organized and success is sure.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor to Connecticut.

COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE,

Customhouse, New Orleans, July 10, 1862.

Major-General BUTLER:

SIR: As commissioner appointed by the President of the United States to inquire into and report to the Government on certain proceedings which have heretofore been had between yourself and the foreign consuls residing in this city, and particularly such as relate to the consul of the Netherlands, I hereby have the honor to inform you that I ready to enter at once on the duty, and will be glad to have from you, orally or in writing, all the information you may be able to give me, and at your earliest convenience.

With high regards, your obedient servant,

REVERDY JOHNSON,

Commissioner, &amp;c.

