
fifth, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight; for the apprehension of deserters, and the expenses incident to their pursuit; and for the following expenditures required for the several regiment of cavalry, the battalion of light artillery, and such companies of infantry as may be mounted, viz: the purchase of traveling forges, black-smiths" and sheeting tools, horse and mules shoes and nails, iron and steel for shoeing, hire of veterinary surgeons, medicines for horses and mules, picket ropes, and for shoeing the horses of the corps named; also, generally, the proper and authorized expenses for the movements and operations of an army not expressly assigned to any other department, twenty million eight hundred and thirty-six thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars.

For purchase of cavalry and artillery horses, five million four hundred thousand dollars.

For mileage, or the allowance made to officers of the Army for the transportation of themselves, and their baggage, when traveling on duty without troops, escorts, or supplies, one million two hundred and ninety-ne thousand six hundred dollars.

For transportation of the Army, including the baggage of the troops when moving, either by land or water; of clothing, camp and garrison equipage, from the depots at Philadelphia and New York to the several posts and army depots, and from those depots to the troops in the field; and subsistence from the places of purchase and from the places of delivery under contract, to such places as the circumstances of the service may require them to be sent; of ordnance, ordnance stores, and small arms, from foundries and armories to the arsenals, fortifications, frontier posts, and army depots; freights, wharfage, tolls, and ferriages; for the purchase and hire of horses, mules, oxen, and harness, and the purchase and repair of wagons, carts, and drays, and of ships and other seagoing vessels, and boats required for the transportation of supplies and for garrison purposes; for drayage and cartage at the several posts; hire of teamsters; transportation of funds for the pay and other disbursing departments; the expense of sailing public transports on the various rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic and Pacific; and for procuring water at such posts as, from their situation, require that it be brought from a distance; and for clearing roads, and removing obstructions from roads, harbors, and rivers, to the extent which may be required for the actual operations of the troops in the field, forty million dollars.

For hire or commutation of quarters for officers on military duty; hire of quarters of troops; of store-houses for the safe- keeping of military stores; of grounds for summer cantonments; for the construction of temporary huts, hospitals, and stables; and for repairing public buildings at established posts, four million two hundred and thirty-four thousand dollars.

For heating and cooking stoves, ninety thousand dollars.

For maintenance of gun-boat fleet proper, two million one hundred and sixty thousand dollars.

For maintenance of steam rams, one hundred and eighty thousand dollars.

For contingencies of the Army, five hundred thousand dollars.

For clothing for the Army, camp and garrison equipage, and for expenses of offices and arsenals, thirty-nine million three hundred and twenty-two thousand five hundred and thirteen dollars and twenty-five cents.

For constructing and extending the telegraph for military purposes, and for expenses in operating the same, five hundred thousand dollars.

For the medical and hospital department, including pay of private physicians, purchase and repair of surgical instruments, purchase of extra hospitals bedding, clothing, ice, pay of male citizens as hospital attendants; the maintenance of sick and wounded soldiers placed in private houses or hospitals; and other necessary comforts for the sick and convalescing in the various military hospitals, five million seven hundred and five thousand nine hundred and eighty-four dollars.

For contingent expenses of the Adjutant-General's Department at department headquarters, two thousand dollars.

four supplies, transportation, and care of prisoners of war, three million three hundred and seventy-three thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight dollars.

For armament of fortifications, one million sixty-two thousand dive hundred dollars.

For the current expenses of the ordnance service, seven hundred and thirty-two thousand six hundred dollars.

For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies, including horse equipments for all mounted troops, seven million three hundred and eighty thousand dollars.

For the manufacture of arms of the national armory, one million eight hundred thousand dollars.

For repairs and improvements and new machinery at the national armory at Springfield, Massachusetts, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For the purchase of gunpowder and lead, one million one hundred thousand dollars.

For additions to and extension of shop room, machinery, tools, and fixtures at arsenals, five hundred and thousand dollars.

