
For the purchase and manufacture of arms for volunteers and regulars, and ordnance and ordnance stores, thirteen million dollars.

For surveys of military defenses, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For purchase and repair of instruments, ten thousand dollars.

For printing charts of lake surveys, ten thousand dollars.

For continuing the survey of the Northern and Northwestern lakes, including Lake Superior, one hundred and five thousand dollars.

For completion of Fort Clinch, Amelia Island, Florida, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For secret service fund, and to reimburse the contingent fund of the Army, five hundred thousand dollars.

For payment of bounty to volunteers, and to the widows and legal heirs of such as may die or be killed in the service of the United States, authorized by the fifth and sixth sections of an act entitled "An act to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public property," approved July twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, twenty millions of dollars, or so much thereof as may be found necessary.

For collecting, organizing, and drilling volunteers, in addition to any sums theretofore appropriated for that purpose, five millions of dollars.

For providing for the comfort of discharged soldiers who may arrive in the principal cities of the United States so disabled by disease or by wounds received in the service as to be unable to proceed to their homes, and for forwarding destitute soldiers to their homes, two million of dollars, to be applied and expended under the direction of the President of the United States.

For enlarging, repairing, and furnishing the northwest executive building, twenty thousand dollars.

For grading and improving that part of Judiciary Square, in the city of Washington, upon which the general hospital of the United States is located, four thousand dollars, to be expended under the direction of the Surgeon-General.

SEC. 2. And be if further enacted, That so much of the seventh section of the act approved third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, entitled "An act to found a military asylum for the relief and support of invalid and disabled soldiers of the Army of the united States," as requires that "all moneys, not exceeding two-thirds of the balance on hand, of the hospital fund and of the post fund of each military station, after deducting the necessary expenses," shall be set apart for the support of the military asylum, be and the same is hereby repealed.

SEC. 3. And be if further enacted, That the enlisted men of the Ordnance Department now designated as master workmen shall hereafter be designated and mustered as sergeants; those now designated as armorers, carriage makers, and blacksmiths shall be designated and mustered as privates of the first class, and those now designated as laborers shall be designated and mustered as privates of the second class; Provided, that the pay, rations, and clothing now authorized by law to the respective grades of enlisted ordnance men shall not be changed.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where recruiting officers have in good faith paid the two dollars for bringing accepted recruits to the rendezvous, before receiving notice of the repeal of the regulation allowing the same, the accounts of such officer shall be allowed in settlement by the Treasury Department.

SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That there shall be added to the clerical force of the Surgeon-General's Office one clerk of class one and one clerk one and one clerk of class two; and there shall be added to the clerical force of the Paymaster-General's Office twenty clerks of class two and twenty clerks of class one; and there shall be added to the clerical and other force of the Adjutant-General's Office four clerks of class two, six clerks of class one, and ten other clerks at monthly compensation of sixty dollars each; and the Adjutant-General may detail ten more non- commissioned officers of the Army as clerks in his office; and the sum of fifty-one thousand two hundred dollars in hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated to pay the salaries of the clerks hereby authorized.

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That section five of the act "to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public property," approved July twenty- second, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and section vive of the act "to increase the present military establishment of the United States," approved July twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and sixty- one, shall be so construed as to allow twenty-five dollars of the bounty of one hundred dollars therein provided to be paid immediately after enlistment to every soldier of the regular and volunteer forces hereafter enlisted during the continuance of the exisinting war, and the sum of seven million five hundred thousand dollars is hereby appropriated for such payment.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That all the aides-de-camp appointed by authority of the act approved fifth August, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, entitled "An act supplementary to an act entitled "An act to increase the present military

