
establishment of the United States," approved July twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, shall be nominated to the Senate for its advice and consent.

SEC. 8. And be if further enacted, That the President of the United States be, and he hereby is, authorized, by and with the consent of the Senate, to appoint as many military store-keepers in the Quartermaster's Department of the Army as the exigencies of the service may require; provided the whole number of military store-keepers in that department shall not exceed twelve.

SEC. 9. And be if further enacted, That the following sums be, and the same are hereby, in like manner appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the service of the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two:

For the construction and maintenance of the gun-boat fleet proper, four hundred thousand dollars.

For purchasing, construction, and maintenance of steam rams, four hundred thousand dollars.

for pay of private physicians, purchase and repair of surgical instruments, purchase of extra hospital bedding, clothing, ice, and other necessary comforts for the sick and convalescing in the various military hospitals, one hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.

For compensation of chaplains of hospitals, from the date of the commencement of their service of the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, twelve thousand dollars.

For the contingent expenses of the Paymaster-General's Office for the year ending thirtieth of june, eighteen hundred and sixty- two, one thousand dollars.

SEC. 10. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War be authorized to commute the army ration of coffee and sugar for the extract of coffee, combined with milk and sugar, to be procured in the same manner and under like restrictions and guarantees as preserved meats, pickles, butter, and desiccated vegetables are procured for the Navy, if he shall believe it will be conducive to the health and comfort of the Army, and not more expensive to the Government than the present ration, and if it shall be acceptable to the men.

SEC. 11. And be it further enacted, That the restriction or limitation contained in the proviso to the joint resolution approved April sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, transferring the superintendency of the Capitol extension from the War Department to the Department of the Interior, shall not be so construed or applied as to prevent the completion of and the payment for the painting now in progress on the wall over the stairway on the western side of the south wing agreeably to the terms of the contract made between General M. C. Meigs, on behalf of the Government, and E. Leutze, the artist, on the ninth day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.

Approved July 5, 1862.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, July 11, 1862.

Ordered:

That Major General Henry W. Halleck be assigned to command the whole land forces of the United States, as General-in-Chief, and that he repair to this capital so soon as he can with safety to the positions and operations within the department now under his special charge.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 11, 1862.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF MAINE,

Augusta, Me.:

SIR: The impression seems to have gone abroad extensively that the Governors of States are authorized to purchase supplies for the new levies of volunteers. To avoid all misunderstanding, I am

