
directed to state explicitly that the War Department has made provision for arms, equipments, and all other supplies that will be needed for the use of the troops, and that the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 75, current series, relate only to the issue of stores and not to their purchase.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to the Governors of New Hampshire, Concord; Vermont, Brattleborough; Rhode Island, Providence; Connecticut, New Haven; New York, Albany; New Jersey, Trenton; Pennsylvania, Harrisburg; Delaware, Dover; Maryland, Annapolis; Virginia, Wheeling; Ohio, Columbus; Michigan, Lansing; Indiana, Indianapolis; Illinois, Springfield; Missouri, Saint Louis; Wisconsin, Madison; Iowa, Davenport; Minnesota, Saint Paul, and to Honorable J. B. Temple, president Military Board of Kentucky.)

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., July 11, 1862.

(Received 8 p. m.)

President LINCOLN:

The crisis of the war and our national existence is upon us. The time has come for the adoption of more decisive measures. Greater animus and earnestness must be infused into our military movements. Blows must be struck at the vital part of the rebellion. The Government should employ every available means compatible with the rules of warfare to subject the traitors. Summon to the standard of the Republic all willing to fight for the Union. Let loyalty, and that alone, be the dividing line between the nation and its foes. Generals should not be permitted to fritter away the sinews of our brave men in guarding the property of traitors and in driving back into their hands loyal blacks who officer us their labor and seek shelter with the Federal flag. Shall we sit openly by and see the war sweep off the youth and strength of the land and refuse aid from that class of men who are at least worthy foes of traitors and the murderers of our Government and of our children? Our armies should be directed to forward on the enemy, and to cease paying traitors and their abettors exorbitant exactions for food needed by the spent and sick or hungry soldier. Mild and conciliatory means have been tried in vain to recall the rebels to their allegiance. The conservative policy has utterly failed to reduce traitors to obedience and to restore the supremacy of the laws. they have, by means of sweeping conscription, gathered in countless hordes, and threaten toverwhelm the armies of the Union, with blood and treason in their hearts. They flaunt the black flag of rebellion in the face of the Government, and threaten to butcher our brave and loyal armies with foreign bayonets. They arm negroes and merciless savages in their behalf. Mr. Lincoln, the crisis demands greater efforts and sterner measures. Proclaim anew the good old motto of the Republic, "Liberty and Union, now and forever, one and inseparable," and accept the services of all loyal men, and it will be in your power to stamp [sic[armies of the earth-irresistible armies-that will bear banners to certain victory. In any event, it is already alive with beat of drum, resounding with the tread of new recruits, which will respond to your call. Adopt this policy and she will leap like a flaming giant into the fight. This

