
policy for the conduct of the war will foreign intervention impossible and the arms of the Republic invincible. It will bring the conflict to a speedy close and secure peace on a permanent basis.

RICHD. YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 11, 1862.

His Excellency ISRAEL WASHBURN,

Governor of Maine, Augusta, Me.:

SIR: In reply to your note of the 8th instant,* through Senator Morrill, inclosing copies of proclamation and orders issued in aid of new call for troops, I am directed to say that with two slight exceptions the statements made in the order are correct. The premium of $2 will be due to the person bringing in the recruit. With his consent that amount may be paid to the soldier, but his receipt will be necessary as a voucher for the disbursing officer. The $25 will be paid as soon as a complete company is mustered into the service, without waiting for the mustering of the regiment. You will have received copies of General Orders, Nol 75, which authorizes you to adopt, if you see proper, a plan of enlistment which it is thought will be more efficient and expeditious, as well as more systematic, in rasing volunteer regiments. Blank articles of enlistment will be supplied on application to the superintendent of the recruiting service in your State, or to the Adjutant-General of the Army. The militia cannot be received at present. If, however, it should be found necessary to call out the militia due notice will be given. The Department recognizes with pleasure your earnest and effective co-operation in sustaining the Government and providing for the wants of the service.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, July 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

For God's sake, stop the wrangling between the friends of McClellan and yourself in Congress. I ask this as the friend of both.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, July 11, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose statement from Mr. Archibald McLaurin in relation to the facts contained in the letters addressed to him, which I omitted to give by a previous mail.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

