
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 42. Washington, April 18, 1862.

* * * * *

IV. The attention of officers empowered by law to assemble general courts-martial is directed to the Regulations, paragraph 896 and 897, relative to forwarding the proceedings of such courts, with their action indorsed on each case, and a copy of the order promulgating the proceedings, promptly, to the Judge- Advocate of the Army, at Washington. Much embarrassment is occasioned to the War Department by failure to comply with these regulations, which must be at once remedied wherever they have been neglected.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 43. Washington, April 19, 1862.

The following act of Congress is published for the information of all concerned:

AN ACT to reorganize and increase the efficiency of the Medical Department of the Army.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That there shall be added to the present Medical Corps of the Army ten surgeons and ten assistant surgeons, to be promoted and appointed under existing laws; twenty medical cadets, and as many hospital stewards as the Surgeon-General may consider necessary for the public service, and that their pay and that of all hospital stewards in the volunteer as well as the regular service shall be thirty dollars per month, to be computed from the passage, of this act. And all medical cadets in the service, in addition to their pay, receive one ration per day, either in kind or commutation.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Surgeon-General to be appointed under this act shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadier-general. There shall be one Assistant Surgeon- General and one Medical Inspector-General of hospitals, each with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel of cavalry, and the Medical Inspector-General shall have, under the direction of the Surgeon-General, the supervision of all that relates to the sanitary condition of the Army, whether in transports, quarters, or camps, and of the hygiene, police, discipline, and efficiency of field and general hospitals, under such regulations as may hereafter be established.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That there shall be eight medical inspectors, with the rank, pay, and emoluments each of a lieutenant-colonel of cavalry, and who shall be charged with the duty of inspecting the sanitary condition of transports, quarters, and camps, of field and general hospitals, and who shall report to the Medical-Inspector-General, under such regulations as may be hereafter established, all circumstances relating to the sanitary condition and wants of troops and of hospitals, and to the skill, efficiency, and good conduct of the officers and attendants connected with the Medical Department.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Surgeon-General, the Assistant Surgeon-General, Medical Inspector-General, and medical inspectors, shall, immediately after the passage of this act, be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, by selection from the Medical Corps of the Army, or from the surgeons in the volunteer service, without regard to their ranks when so selected, but with sole regard to qualifications.

SEC. 5. And be is further enacted, That medical purveyors shall be charged, under the direction of the Surgeon-General, with the selection and purchase of all medical supplies, including new standard preparations, and of all books, instruments, hospital stores, furniture, and other articles required for the sick and wounded of the Army. In all cases of emergency they may provide such additional accommodations for the sick and wounded the Army, and may transport such medical supplies as circumstances may render necessary, under such regulations as may hereafter be established, and shall make prompt and immediate issues upon all special requisitions made upon them under such circumstances by medical officers; and the special

