
is still in Havana. It was intended for J. Scholefield, Sons &amp; Goodman's pattern rooms here.

My foreign correspondence during all of the secession movement has been entirely confined to the parties above alluded to. J. Carow, of Liverpool, my brother in Scotland, and W. J. Gomez & Co., of Havana, agents of the Bamberg-the latter being relative to the consignment above mentioned and to three pipes of linseed oil by same vessel belonging to me and sold be them in Havana- from them I have no reply to any of my letters.

I have had no contract for goods of any description with the Confederate or any State Government. If I have been acting wrong, it was in the execution of my agency and the letters of Mr. Goodman.

I believe I have stated the dates correctly, but it is possible I may have committed mistakes in them, as my correspondence and letter book are not in my possession.

ARCHIBALD McLAURIN.

NEW ORLEANS, July 10, 1862.

Subscribed and sworn to before me.

WM. M. BELL,

Provost Judge.

NORWICH, July 12, 1862-3 p. m.

(Received 3.40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We were never more engaged in raising troops. The excitement is great, the spirit determined. Connecticut will furnish her quota.

W. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 78. Washington, July 14, 1862.

I. The many evils which arise from giving furloughs to enlisted men require that the practice shall be discontinued. Hospitals, provided with ample medical attendance, nurses, food, and clothing, are established by the Government, at great expense, not only near the scenes of active military operations, but in many of the Northern States. When it is expedient and advisable, sick and wounded patients may, under the direction of the Surgeon-General, be transferred in parties, but not in individual cases, tho hospitals at the North; and, as far as practicable, the men will be sent to States in which their regiments were raised, provided U. S. hospitals have been established there. Such regulations will be adopted at all the hospitals as will permit relatives and friends to visit the patients and furnish them with comforts, at such hours and in such manner as will not interfere with the discipline of the hospitals and the welfare of the mass of patients. The men will thus be under the fostering care of the Government while unfit for duty; will be in position to be promptly discharged, if proper, and, being always under military control, will be returned to their regiments as soon as they are able to resume their duties. The unauthorized removal of soldiers from

