
under the control of the U. S. authorities by any agents whatever subjects them to loss of pay and other penalties of desertion.

II. At large camps, depots, or posts were absentees arrive en route to their companies the commanding officers will immediately set apart a particular place where the men may be quartered, in buildings, tents, or huts, as soon as they arrive, and may without delay receive food and clothing. Parties will be detailed to await at landing places the arrival of such soldiers and to direct them to their quarters. They will be assigned immediately to temporary companies, composed as far as possible of men from the same regiments or brigades, and each of these companies will be forwarded in a body to the command to which they belong, according to the directions contained in paragraph I of General Orders, Numbers 72.

III. Chaplains appointed by the President for hospitals will be assigned by the Surgeon-General to hospitals in the cities for which they were appointed. Should the breaking up a hospital leave a chaplain supernumery in any city the fact will be immediately reported to the Adjutant-General. Chaplains will be subordinate to the hospital surgeons. Leaves of absence will be granted them by the Surgeon-General when approved by the surgeons in charge of their hospitals.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., July 14, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Will you give me authority to raise six batteries of artillery?

RICHARD YATES.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., July 14, 1862-9.45 p. m.

Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

The Government needs infantry. The artillery is sufficient, so that authority cannot be given to raise more of that arm.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 14, 1862.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK,

Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized and requested by the Secretary of War to raise two independent companies of artillery, without a field officer, to garrison the works on Staten Island, New York Harbor.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

