
ALBANY, N. Y., July 14, 1862.

(Received 4.30 p. m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Congress should not adjourn without providing by law, if it has the power to do it, for filling up the volunteer regiments in the field and those now organizing by a draft.

E. D. MORGAN.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, July 14, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: It is important that the State of Ohio should be promptly supplied with arms for the new quota of troops now organizing. I beg to call your attention to the fact that of the 80,000 small- arms placed in the hands of Ohio infantry but two regiments have received rifled muskets of Government fabrication. I desire that 20,000 stand should be placed at my disposal at the earliest possible moment, and I trust that, if not all, at least a fair proportion of them shall be of the Springfield muskets. The arms should be forwarded to General George B. Wright, quartermaster- general of Ohio.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, July 14, 1862.

(Received 1.40 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Shall I recruit any cavalry in this State?

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 14, 1862.

Honorable DAVID TOD,

Governor, Columbus, Ohio:

Infantry are much more needed than cavalry for immediate use, but if you can recruit a cavalry regiment speedily you may do so.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 79. Washington, July 15, 1862.

I. The following acts of Congress are published for the information of all concerned:

1. AN ACT making a appropriations for the payment of the bounty authorized by the sixth section of and act entitled "An act to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public property," approved July twenty- second, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and for other purposes.

Be in enacted by the Senate of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the objects hereinafter expressed, viz:

For payment of the bounty to widows, children, fathers, mothers, brothers, and sisters of such volunteers as may have died or been killed, or may die or be killed,

