
in service, authorized by the sixth section of an act entitled "An act authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public property," approved July twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, five millions of dollars, or so much thereof as may be found necessary: Provided, That said bounty shall be paid to the following persons and in the order following, and to on other person, to wit: First, to the widow of such deceased soldier, if there be one. Second, if there be no widow, then to the children or such deceased soldier, share and share alike. Third, if such soldier left neither a widow or child or children, then, and in that case, such bounty shall be paid to the following persons, provided they be residents of the United States, to wit: First, to his father; or if he shall not be living or has abandoned the support of his family, then to the mother of such soldier; and if there be neither father nor mother as aforesaid, then such bounty shall be paid to the brothers and sisters of the deceased soldier, resident as aforesaid.

For compensation of twenty additional clerks, hereby authorized to be employed in the office of the Commissioner of Pensions, to wit: For fifteen clerks of the first class, eighteen thousand dollars; for five clerks of the second class, seven thousand dollars.

SEC. 2. And be if further enacted, That the sum of three thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may be found necessary, be, and the same is hereby appropriated for the expenses of the Committee on Disloyal Employes of the Government, appointed by resolution of the House of Representatives, July eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That that part of the sixth section of the act "to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public property," approved July twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, which secured to the widow, if there be one, and, if not, the legal heirs of such volunteers as die or may be killed in service, in addition to all arrears of pay and allowances, a bounty of one hundred dollars, shall be held to apply to those persons who have enlisted in the regular forces since the first day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, or shall enlist in the regular forces during the year eighteen hundred and sixty- two, and be paid to the heirs named in this act, and that the bounties herein provided for shall be paid out of any money appropriated for bounty to volunteers.

Approved July 11, 1862.

2. AN ACT to provide for additional medical officers of the volunteer service.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That there shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, forty surgeons and one hundred and twenty assistant surgeons of volunteers, who shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments of officers of corresponding grades in the Regular Army: Provided, That no one shall be appointed by any position under this act unless he shall previously have been examined by a board of medical officers to be appointed by the Secretary of War, and that vacancies in the grade of surgeon shall be filled by selection from the grade of assistant surgeon on the ground of merit only: And provided further, That this act shall continue in force only during the existence of the present rebellion.

SEC. 2. And be if further enacted, That from and after the passage of this act brigade surgeons shall be known and designated as surgeons of volunteers, and shall be attached to the general medical staff under the direction of the Surgeon- General; and hereafter such appointments for the medical service of the Army shall be appointed surgeons of volunteers.

SEC. 3. And be if further enacted, That instead of "one assistant surgeon," as provided by the second section of the act of July twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, each regiment of volunteers in the service of the United States shall have two assistant surgeons.

Approved July 2, 1862.

II. Under the provisions of the foregoing act approved July 2, 1862, the brigade surgeons already appointed are transferred, according to their present rank, to the corps of volunteer surgeons, which will accordingly consist of those officers and of the forty provided for by the act.

The Surgeon-General will appoint a board to examine such persons as may be authorized by the Secretary of War to present themselves before it as candidates for the forty vacancies in the grade of surgeon and one hundred and twenty in that of assistant surgeon.

