
I ask the earnest efforts of Your Excellency to secure this very important end? I would also request that no officer who has resigned from this army be commissioned in another regiment, unless furnished with a special recommendation to that effect from the commander of his division or army corps. I regret to say that many officers have resigned to avoid the consequences of cowardly conduct, inefficiency, and so forth. It is a melancholy fact that, while may noble exceptions are to be found, the officers of volunteers are, as a mass-perhaps I should say were (for the worst are sifted out)-greatly inferior to the men they command.

Trusting that you will pardon me for the liberty I have taken in making these suggestions, and that you will be good enough to give them your careful consideration.

I have the honor to be, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE,

Customhouse, New Orleans, July 15, 1862.

Major-General BUTLER:

SIR: In the statement of Amedee Couturie of the 12th of May last, communicated to you with his letter of the 16th of that month, he alleges that besides the 160 kegs containing the $800,000, there was taken from his custody, where they had been placed for safe- keeping, the following articles:

First. One tin box, to which we give the name of bank box in this city, locked, and containing ten bonds consolidated debt of city of New Orleans, for $1,000 each.

Second. Eight bonds of the city of Mobile, for $1,000 each, the whole eighteen bonds being deposited on the 12th of the preceding April by Mr. Edmund J. Forstall, as the agent of Messrs. Hope &amp; Colonel

Third. Various papers, titles, and deeds, his consular commission, and the President's exequatur.

Fourth. Six tin boxes, marked with the consul's name, containing private deeds, silverware, &c., belonging to divers persons, for whom he was agent, and

Fifth. Two or more tin boxes, belonging to the Hope Insurance Company, who occupied a part of the building.

Will you do me the favor to let me know at your earliest convenience if these several articles were taken as alleged; and if so, whether all or any part of them, and what part, has been returned to Mr. Couturie, and at what time?

I have the honor to be, with high regard, your obedient servant,

REVERDY JOHNSON,

Commissioner, &c.

BRATTLEBOROUGH, July 15, 1862.

(Received 2.15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Ninth Vermont Regiment left this morning for Washington by rail. A fine regiment of Green Mountain boys. Much enthusiasm by Vermont about enlistments and furnishing quota promptly. Tenth and

