
Eleventh Regiments both rapidly forming. Tenth to be ready to march in some thirty days, and Eleventh in forty to fifty. Do give them Springfield rifle muskets, as it will promote dispatch in recruiting. Our Vermonters are nearly all accustomed to sports of hunting, are marksmen, and know a good gun.

FREDK. HOLBROOK,

Governor of Vermont.

AN ACT transferring the Western gun-boat fleet from the War to the Navy Department.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Western gun-boat fleet constructed by the War Department for operations on the Western waters shall be transferred to the Navy Department, which will be hereafter charged with the expense of its repair, support, and maintenance: Provided, That all vessels now under construction or repair by authority of the War Department shall be appropriations made for that purpose.

SEC. 2. And be if further enacted, That this act shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage.

Approved July 16, 1862.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 80. Washington, July 16, 1862.

The following act of Congress is published for the information and government of all concerned:

AN ACT to prescribe an oath of office, and for other purposes.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That hereafter every person elected or appointed to any office of honor or profit under the Government of the United States, either in the civil, military, or naval departments of the public service, excepting the President of the United States, shall, before entering upon the ditues of such office, and before being entitled to any of the salary or other emoluments thereof, take and subscribe to the following oath or affirmation: "I, A. B., do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have never voluntarily borne arms against the United States since I have been a citizen thereof; that I have voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel, or encouragement to persons engaged in armed hostility thereto; that I have either sought nor accepted nor attempted to exercise the functions of any office whatever under any authority or pretended authority in hostility to the United States; that I have not yielded a voluntary support to any pretended government, authority, power, or constitution within the United States, hostile or inimical thereto. And I do further swear (or affirm) that, to the best of my knowledge and ability, I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that i will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter; so help me God;" which said oath, so taken and signed, shall be preserved among the files of the court, House of Congress, or Department to which the said office may appertain. And any person who shall falsely take the said oath shall be guilty or perjury, and on convicts now prescribed for that offense, shall be deprived of his office and rendered incapable forever after of holding any office or place under the United States.

Approved July 2, 1862.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

