
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 16, 1862.

Colonel B. F. LARNED,

Paymaster-General:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to inform you that by Joint Resolution Numbers 42, approved July 12, 1862, he has been authorized and directed to suspend all payments under the act approved 25th March, 1862, entitled "An act to secure to the officers and men actually employed in the Western Department or Department of the Missouri, their pay, bounty, and pension," and they are accordingly suspended.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

(Same to Second Auditor.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., July 16, 1862.

This Department having this day received from William H. Aspinwall, esq., of New York, his check for $25,290.60, as his share of profit on a contract for arms purchased by Howland &amp; Aspinwal and sold to the United States-

It is ordered, That the check be transferred to the Secretary of the Treasury, and that the thanks of this Department be tendered to Mr. Aspinwal for the proof he has furnished of the disinterested and patriotic spirit that animates the citizens of the United States in the present contest against treason and rebellion, giving assurance that a Government supported by citizens who thus prefer the public welfare to private gain must overcome its enemies.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 16, 1862.

His Excellency RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois, Springfield, Ill.:

SIR: In reply to yours of 9th instant, suggesting that Honorable Robert Smith, of Saint Louis, be authorized to raise a brigade, I am directed to say that the authority to raise volunteers in the loyal States rests with the Governors exclusively. You do not state whether it is proposed to raise the brigade in Missouri or Illinois. Colonel Blair has been authorized to raise one in Missouri, and it may be doubted whether the attempt to raise two instead of one in that State would not paralyze both. Should it be desired to raise the brigade in Illinois the necessary authority must come from you. The appointment of Major Smith as brigadier-general, which he no doubt would expect in consideration of his service in raising the brigade, cannot be absolutely promised. Very much would depend on your own estimate of the value of his services in that regard and of his fitness for the position. One difficulty exists in the fact that Major Smith is now in service and not will be able to get leave of absence for recruiting purposes. This difficulty can only be surmounted by his resignation,

