
requisitions shall consist simply of a list of the articles required, the qualities required, dated and signed by the medical officers requiring them.

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Inspector- General, or any one of the medical inspectors, shall report an officer of the Medical Corps as disqualified, by age or otherwise, for promotion to a higher grade, or unfitted for the performance of his professional duties, he shall be reported by the Surgeon-General, for examination, to a medical board, as provided by the seventeenth section of the act approved August third, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of this act shall continue and be in force during the existence of the present rebellion and no longer: Provided, however, That when this act shall expire all officers who shall have been promoted from the medical staff of the Army under this act shall retain their respective rank in the Army, with such promotion as they would have been entitled to.

Approved April 16, 1862.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[APRIL 19, 1862.-For Ellet to Stanton, relating to the construction of ram fleet, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. X, Part II, p. 112.]

PITTSBURG, April 19, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Mingo ready; Lioness will be in four days, and Samson in six days. Mr. Ellet arrived this morning.

WM. K. NIMICK.

CAIRO, ILL., April 20, 1862.

President LINCOLN:

Governor Harvey, of Wisconsin, was drowned last night about 11 o"clock at Savannah, on the Tennessee River, while passing from one boat to another. All search for his body had proved fruitless up to the time dispatch left.

W. K. STRONG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PITTSBURG, April 21, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

As stated in my dispatch of Saturday asking for instructions,* which are not yet received, three boats here and one at Cincinnati will be ready as soon as I can obtain crews for them. The men and coal and supplies ought to be engaged promptly, and the two small boats for pickets and tenders, as authorized, should be purchased immediately.

Respectfully,

CHAS. ELLET, JR.

INDIANAPOLIS, April 21, 1862.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

That a great battle is impending at Corinth is evident. Before additional surgical aid can reach the field from any quarter five or

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. X, Part II, p. 112.

---------------

