
THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA, EXECUTIVE DEPT.,

Wheeling, Va., July 17, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR UNITED STATES,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: My decided impression is that the new levies asked for from this State should be for one-year troops. If the rebellion cannot be put down in one year, it can to be all, and it would give great courage to the country if that was changed in showing the impression of the Administration. If any such regiments will be received from Virginia please advise me immediately.

I am yours, &amp;c.,

F. H. PEIRPOINT.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., July 18, 1862.

(Received 5.20 p. m. 20th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

I ask authority to arrange with the Governor of Pennsylvania for raising three companies of cavalry to be united with the independent company raised last fall in Pennsylvania by special authority of War Department, and known as Anderson Troop, Captain Palmer. This company is composed of superior men, many of them well qualified for officers, and by appointing them as officers in the proposed companies the force could be speedily rendered efficient. It is quite certain from the reputation of Captain Palmer and the troops that the companies can be speedily raised. I would ask for the proposed force the battalion organization. The necessity for an increase in our cavalry force is imperative and time is important.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, July 18, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

I desire to organize a regiment of cavalry immediately for the protection of our border and service in Kentucky. The present condition of affairs in Kentucky renders this step absolutely necessary. I hope to receive a favorable answer with the order for the necessary arms.

O. P. MORTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 18, 1862.

JOHN G. BROWN, Esq.,

New York:

SIR: You are hereby authorized by the Secretary of war to raise and organize a brigade of volunteer infantry, to serve for three years or during the war, the regiments of which are to be recruited in the States of New York and New Jersey. The brigade will consist of at least four regiments, and the authority to raise it is given with the following express understanding, viz:

No steps under this authority are to be taken until they are authorized by and received the direct approval of the Governors of the States,

