
respectively, in the same manner as they grant authority for raising other regiments. The selection of officers, place of rendezvous, and requisitions for supplies of all kinds will be subjected to the approval of the Governor, whose authority over the regiments composing the brigade is not intended hereby to be diminished in any manner from that exercised by him over other regiments. It is expected that this brigade will be completed within sixty days from this time, and if not, it will remain with this Department to say if additional time will be granted. Each regiment will be organized as prescribed by act of Congress, viz.* From the above it will be observed that the aggregate minimum regimental organization, including chaplains, will be 844, and the maximum 1,024. Enlisted men will be mustered as enrolled, and all musters of officers will be governed by General Orders, Nos. 61, 78, 1861, and 75, 1862, from the Adjutant- General's Office.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., July 19, 1862.

(Received 5.35 p. m. 20th.)

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I request authority to organize and muster Alabamians into service in companies or regiments as they present themselves.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 19, 1862.

Honorable JOHN S. PHELPS,

Military Governor of Arkansas:

SIR: The commission you have received expresses on its face the nature and extent of the duties and power devolved on you by the appointment of Military Governor of Arkansas. Instructions have been given to Major-General Butler to aid you in the performance of your duty and the exercise of your authority. He has also been instructed to detail an adequate military force for the special purpose of a governor's guard, and to act under your directions. It is obvious to you that the great purpose of your appointment is to re-establish the authority of the Federal Government in the State of Arkansas, and to provide the means of maintain peace and security to the loyal inhabitants of that State until they shall be able to re-establish a civil government. Upon your wisdom and energetic action much will depend in accomplishing that result. It is not deemed necessary to give any specific instructions, but rather to confide in your sound discretion to adopt such measures as circumstances may demand. Specific instructions will be given when requested. You may rely upon the perfect confidence and full support of the Department in the performance of your duties.

With respect, I am, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*Details of organization omitted.

---------------

