
of all aliens residing in the United States to submit to and obey the laws and respect the authority of the Government. For any proceeding or conduct inconsistent with this obligation and subversive of that authority they may frightfully be subjected to military restraints when this may be necessary. But they cannot be required to take on oath of allegiance to this Government, because if conflicts with the duty they owe to their own sovereigns. All such obligations heretofore taken are therefore remitted and annulled. Military commanders will abstain from imposing similar obligations in future, and will, in lieu thereof, convenient, and effectual for the public safety. It is further directed that whenever any order shall be made affecting the personal liberty of an alien, reports of the same, and of the causes thereof, shall be made to the War Department for the consideration of the Department of State.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 21, 1862.

Major-General BUELL,

Huntsville, Ala.:

You are authorized to organize and muster into service such number of Alabamians in companies and regiments as you may deem essential for the service. You are also authorized to arrange with the Governor of Pennsylvania for raising three companies of cavalry, as requested in your telegram of the 18th, just received.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 21, 1862.

Captain GEORGE G. LYON,

Aide-de-Camp:

SIR: Your are authorized to assure the Governors of those States furnishing troops expressly for the First Corps d"Armee, now commanded by Major-General Sigel, that when raised they will be attached to that corps to the extent of three regiments from New York, three regiments from Pennsylvania, one regiment from Massachusetts, Connecticut, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin. Two batteries of artillery from New York, two from Pennsylvania, one from Ohio, and one from Illinois.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK AGENCY OF THE U. S. SANITARY COMMISSION,

498 Broadway, July 21, 1862.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: The hundred thousand raw recruits are about to be called into the field. It is impossible for the U. S. Sanitary Commission to contemplate this momentous fact without a profound feeling of its obligation to lend Government whatever aid and counsel its peculiar experience may enable it to offer as to the safest and best

