
U. S. COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE,

New Orleans, July 21, 1862.

Major-General BUTLER:

SIR: The examination I have been making into the ownership of $800,000 in coin deposited by Mr. E. J. Forstall as agent of Messrs. Hope &amp; Co. with the consul of the Netherlands, and taken possession of by our order, has resulted in satisfying me that the ten bonds for $1,000 each of the city of New Orleans, and the eight of the city of Mobile for the like amount each, taken at the same time, are the property of Messrs. Hope & Co., and were in good faith deposited as alleged by their said agent, and that they should be returned to him. His authority as agent appears by an original power of attorney, properly proved before me, and also be the fact that he has for years, acted in that capacity.

With high regard, your obedient servant,

REVERDY JOHNSON,

Commissioner, &c.

INDIANAPOLIS, July 21, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Can"t you send me some cannot for our border towns? Indiana had two batteries when the war broke out, which are now in the service. committees visit me almost hourly from the border, asking for guns and small-arms. My only hope of getting them is through you.

O. P. MORTON.

BOSTON, July 21, 1862-2.36 p. m.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Please authorize me to declare that all who enlist in old regiments will be mustered out with the regiments. This will help induce men preferring old corps, and this is what generals urge constantly.

JOHN A. ANDREW.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., July 21, 1862-4.07 p. m.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

You are authorized to say that new recruits for old regiments will be mustered [out] with the regiment.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WARE DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 21, 1862-10 a. m.

Honorable DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio, Columbus:

For what term can you raise cavalry in your State, to be mounted with horses purchased in the State under your direction, and how speedily can one or more regiments be raised without interfering with infantry recruiting?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

