
of volunteers in New York and New Jersey, upon first obtaining the approval of the Governors of said States.

I must decline to authorize Mr. Brown to recruit in the State of New Jersey. I desire to send every available man in New Jersey into the field to fill the quota of the State under the recent call, and to fill our brigades in the field to the maximum standard. It is apparent that it would be injudicious to sanction any enterprise which would embarrass me in accomplishing this result.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. OLDEN.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 2, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

It will be seen that His Excellency cannot permit Mr. Brown to raise the troops referred to in the letter of July 18.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, July 22, 1862.

(Received 5.05 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Will you please to send General Buckingham here as nearly as possible. We wish to confer with him on the subject of recruiting, and regard it as very important to the service.

A. G. CURTIN.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 85. Washington, July 23, 1862.

The following order is published for the information of the Army:

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 22, 1862.

ORDER IN RESPECT TO CLOTHING FOR SICK AND WOUNDED SOLDIERS.

The following is a joint resolution of Congress, approved 12th of July, 1862:

"JOINT RESOLUTION authorizing the Secretary of War to furnish extra clothing to sick, wounded, and other soldiers.

"Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War by authorized to furnish extra clothing to all sick, wounded, and other soldiers who may have lost the same by casualties of war, under such rules and regulations as the Department may prescribe, during the existence of the present rebellion."

In pursuance of the foregoing resolution, it is ordered, That the Quartermaster's Department shall issue, upon the requisition of the medical officer in charge of any hospital or depot of sick and wounded soldiers, such regulation clothing, necessary to the health and comfort, as may be requisite to replace that lost be them from the casualties of war. The necessity of the issue to be certified by the surgeon, and the requisition to be approved by the medical director, or medical inspector, of the station. Such issue to be gratuitous and not charged to the soldier.

The Quartermaster-General will cause blank requisitions to be furnished to the officers of the various hospitals upon their application.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

