
come forward and report themselves; and it has been thought necessary in addition to the provisions of that order to ask the vigorous co-operation of the Governors of States in finding out and sending men to join their comrades in the field.

I am directed therefore respectfully to ask You Excellency to adopt such measures for this purpose as may seem to you most efficient and proper.

A system of committees appointed throughout your State from among the most reliable and influential of your citizens, who, acting under your official sanction, would be willing to give to their country a few weeks of time and labor, would be extremely useful in this matter, as well as in exerting a wholesome influence on the volunteer recruiting service.

With this single suggestion, and without any intention to dictate to Your Excellency, this Department leaves the matter in Your Excellency's hands with entire confidence that no effort will be wanting on your part to bring back promptly to the Army the able men whose vacant places in the ranks call them to share its duties and dangerous.

General Orders, Numbers 65, current series, contains full instructions as to the method of providing for the care and transportation of the men.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., July 23, 1862.

JOHN B. TEMPLE:

Ordered, 1. That authority be and it is hereby given to the president of the Military Board of Kentucky, John B. Temple, esq., of Frankfort, to raise three regiments of cavalry to serve for the term of one year from the date of being mustered into the service of the United States; and that he be authorized to make the proper requisitions upon the Quartermaster's and Ordnance and Commissioner Departments for mounting, subsisting, and equipping said force, and also upon the Adjutant-General's Department for the bounty, &amp;c.

2. That he be and is hereby authorized and instructed to seize and appropriate the property of rebels and disloyal persons in said State for mounting said troops and for forage and subsistence.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 23, 1862.

His Excellency F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Wheeling, Va.:

SIR: In reply to yours of 17th instant, suggesting that the new levies asked for from your state be for one-years" troops, I am directed to say that there is no law providing a bounty for one- years" troops for new levies.

A recent act authorizes the enlistment of men of one year to fill up old regiments with a bounty of $50, one-half in advance, if the President shall decide to make such a call. Also for nine- months" troops (infantry), with a bounty of $25 in advance.

