
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 46. Washington, April 23, 1862.

II. Surgeons from civil life who tender their services for the sick and wounded in the field, under the invitation of the Secretary of War, will each be allowed, while so employed, the use of a public horse, a tent, the necessary servants, and the privilege of purchasing subsistence stores from the Commissary Department.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ALBANY, April 23, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The volunteer force from this State in the service of United States, as nearly as can be ascertained, is as follows: Infantry, 84,358; artillery, 8,686; cavalry, 8,713; engineers, 873. Total, 102,630. Detailed statement sent by mail to-day.

THOS. HILLHOUSE,

Adjutant-General.

[APRIL 24, 1862.-For Ellet to Stanton, relating to the purchase of boats for the ram fleet, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. X, Part II, p. 123.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April [25], 1862.

CHARLES ELLET, Jr., Esq.,

Pittsburg:

The instructions and authority to be given you have been carefully considered by this Department and the following are communicated:

Orders have already been given authorizing the purchase of coal, as requested in your telegram of the 19th instant. You are also authorized to engage the crew at current Mississippi River wages. The purchase of two small tugs as tenders has also been ordered. You are authorized to provision the boats as you suggest. The request to promise an additional month's wages for every fortified position passed is so indefinite that, with reluctance, I am constrained to decline compliance; but I authorize you to promise extra compensation for the capture or destruction of prizes, the amount to be determined equitably by the Secretary of War. You are authorized to add the guard of from twelve to twenty men of the volunteers for each boat, to be commanded by a lieutenant of your own selection, the whole to be under a common commander of higher grade, and in order to give you authority over the entire forces, I propose to appoint you a colonel on the staff, to hold the rank so long as may be necessary for the complete execution of the enterprise. You are eon and an assistant surgeon. It is the wish of the Department to give you every possible facility to insure success. Military com-

