
replace these troops you will please call out three independent companies of infantry to garrison the said forts and for all other military service with the State and the Territory of Dakota. the aforesaid service will be special, and the troops in question will not be ordered beyond the State of Territory named.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WHEELING, July 24, 1862.

(Received 11.25 a. m.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

Virginia's quota is put down at two regiments. My proclamation is for 2,080 men. I an anxious to fill up old regiments. Will recruits raised for old regiments be counted in the call? Our people are ambitious to fill up the number called for.

F. H. PEIRPOINT.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 88. Washington, July 25, 1862.

1. The recruiting detail for each volunteer regiment in the field will hereafter consist of two commissioned officers from the regiment and one non-commissioned officer or private from each company. Paragraph III of General Orders, Numbers 105, of 1861, is amended accordingly. Regimental commanders will at once select the additional men herein authorized; and the order for detail will, as before, be given by the commanders of departments or corps d"armee. 2. One commissioned officer of the detail will remain constantly at the general recruiting depot to receive the recruits when sent from the rendezvous and to exercise care and control over them after their arrival until they are ordered to their regiments.

3. Recruits for regiments now in the field will be permitted to select any company of the regiment they may prefer. Should the company thus selected be full when they join it they will be allowed to select another.

4. All men who desire, singly or by squads, to join any particular regiment of company in the field are hereby authorized to present themselves to any recruiting officer, when they will be enrolled and forwarded at once to the general depot for the State or district, there to be duly mustered and to receive the bounty allowed by law. In such cases enlistment papers and descriptive lists will be forwarded as directed in General Orders, Numbers 105, of 1861, from this office.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

NORWICH, July 25, 1862.

(Received 11.45 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Unless the Government accepts the light battery at once I shall not be able to organize it. Reply.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor.

