
United States, and what officer received them? Such cannon as the United States can spare and the military authorities deem necessary for the defense of Indiana will be sent as soon as possible.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., July 25, 1862. (Received 5.20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am raising fourteen regiments. Will all be full in three weeks. If men now recruited were together would make six regiments; besides, have sent 2,500 men into Kentucky since Morgan's raid. The action of the Governor of Pennsylvania in calling for twelve- months" men gives me trouble, as it is now said enlistments should be alike.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

FRANKFORT, KY., July 25,1 862.

A. LINCOLN,

President if the United States:

SIR: We earnestly appeal to the Government to permit Kentucky to raise 8,000 troops-one-half cavalry-for twelve months, to be mustered into the service of the United States, for the defense of Kentucky. Kentucky soldiers have been removed beyond the limits of the State, and we are left with a disloyal Governor, with traitors and treason all around us, without a military force at all adequate to preservation of the lives and property of our loyal people. We confidently believe that Kentucky is now in imminent danger of an immediate invasion by a formidable force of the enemy; is threatened within at all points with revolution, and that the State can only be saved by the prompt acquiescence of the Government in this request. Immediate attention to this is requested.

J. B. TEMPLE,

President Military Board.

J. F. WOOD,

Of Military Board.

JAS. F. FISK,

Speaker of the Senate.

RICHD. A. BUCKNER,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

BOSTON, July 25,1 862. (Received 7 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Please empower me to confer on such persons as I may deem desirable authority to muster in recruits for any corps in the service. It is important for the efficiency of our recruitment for old regiments that this power be immediately conferred on me. At present only one person in the State possesses the requisite authority-namely, the U. S. mustering officer at Boston.

JOHN A. ANDREW.

