
up the quota of volunteers called for by the President, or as much thereof as by reason of the deficiency of the volunteers or other cause you may deem proper.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., July 26, 1862-10.45 a. m.

Governor ISRAEL WASHBURGN, JR.,

Augusta, Me.:

SIR: The publication yesterday of an order to Captain Dodge to muster in recruits for nine and twelve months from Pennsylvania renders and explanation necessary. The following is a copy of a letter addressed to the adjutant-general of Pennsylvania, which will serve to define the position of this Department on the subject. The bounty for nine-months" troops is but $25 in all.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to the Governors of all the loyal States and Honorable J. B. Temple, president Military Board, Frankfort, Ky.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., July 24, 1862.

General A. L. RUSSELL,

Adjutant-General of Pennsylvania:

SIR: Referring to the conversation between us yesterday on the subject of raising volunteer troops in Pennsylvania for nine months, I am directed to say that at present it is considered inexpedient by the President to call for any other than those three-years" troops designated in the last levy.

This Department cannot of course interfere with the proceedings of the Governor of Pennsylvania in calling out troops for nine and twelve months, but while they would without doubt be accepted in the present emergency, it is to be understood that the Governor must take the entire responsibility of raising them without an express call of the President.

Unless orders to the contrary shall be given, mustering officers will muster into the service of the United States the troops now organizing under the proclamation of the Governor of Pennsylvania.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, ME., July 26, 1862-4.20 p. m. (Received 4.50 p. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Maine is raising only three-years" volunteers. They are coming on well.

I. WASHBURN, JR.,

Governor.

