
BOSTON, July 26, 1862-4 p. m. (Received 4.15 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Doing our utmost recruiting the old regiments, but blocked constantly by circumlocution. I am powerless, but believed by everybody responsible. If I can appoint mustering officers and can do all things needful and allowable under Army Regulations to be done by any one, I will strike heavy and quick. Do give me plenary powers, and not leave [me] obliged to call on anybody, but enable me to appoint all needful officers for carrying on the recruitment. Men from Berkshire can"t wait for officer in Boston, who assumes that he alone can muster for regiments already service.

JOHN A. ANDREW.

So prays

WM. SCHOULER,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., July 26, 1862.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston:

The Adjutant-General directs that the rules of service require the mustering-in officer to be in the Government service, especially as he is charged with the disbursing of the bounty fund. He has been directed to send you immediately more officers, so as to hasten the mustering. This I hope will meet your necessities.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXECUTIVE DEPT., Boston, July 26,1 862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: We raised last year a regiment of cavalry. No pains were spared in recruiting its men, in selecting its horses and outfit. it was raised under the eye of Captain Robert Williams, of U. S. cavalry, its colonel. The ablest young men in the State are in its field, staff, and line; but the regiment has been all the time at and near Hilton Head, S. C., where there is no proper cavalry service for them, and where the climate is destroying the men. It is really too good stuff to rot or rust. And though I seek no favor as such for Massachusetts people, yet I think I do good to the country and aid the Department of War in seeking to bring the facts to notice, that while in Tennessee (and I suppose in General Pope's department) cavalry of efficiency and gallantry is needed, this corps is fading out ingloriously. I earnestly pray that this regiment may be immediately transferred, if possible.

With great respect, yours, obediently,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

