
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington city, D. C., July 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Information has reached the Department that your order directing every able-bodied man in Missouri to enroll himself for military duty has been construed by you to include telegraph operators and employes. If this be so, you will please suspend the order as to this class of persons. Their services in their present employment are indispensable to the Government.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ALBANY, July 26, 1862. (Received 12 m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch respecting nine-months" men is received. All our men enlisted for three years or the war. Applications for a less term of service will not, in the present state of affairs, be entertained in this State.

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York.

BRATTLEBOROUGH, VT., July 26, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Thank General Buckingham for telegram explanatory of short enlistments in Pennsylvania. Have felt that it would be a grave mistake should the Government decide to accept troops under recent call for 300,000 any less than three years or the war. Enlistments are progressing well in Vermont.

FREDK. HOLBROOK,

Governor.

U. S. COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE, New Orleans, July 26, 1862.

Major-General BUTTLER:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Yours of the 22nd, reviewing my decision of that date in the case of Messrs. S. H. Kennedy &amp; Co., was not handed me until late yesterday afternoon. As you consider the case finally decided and as embraced by the rule stare decisis, it is not necessary, as far as the case itself is concerned, that I should trouble you or myself with a review of your review, but, as the principles involved are of general importance and may be applicable to other cases, you no doubt expect a reply. This is also required by the respect due to myself, by what I have adjudged to be the rights of the particular parties, and by the esteem in which I hold your individual judgement. I shall endeavor to make the reply as brief as perspicuity will permit.

First, as to the parties. Here, as far as there was any evidence before me, you are clearly in error in several, in your view, important particulars.

17 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

