
and Mobile. It being locked, and the consul of the Netherlands having the key, I applied to him for it, saying that I desired to deliver the bonds to Mr. Forstall, who claimed them as the agent of Messrs. Hope &amp; Co. He declined sending the key. I then had the box opened, delivered the bonds to that gentleman, taking his receipt the box opened, delivered the bonds to that gentleman, taking his receipt (a copy is inclosed), and notified the consul that I held the box to be delivered to him with the remainder of its contents. This he refused also by letter. My answer, a copy of [which] I send you for the information of the general, will show him the condition in which the matter now stands.* As this copy is the only one I have the general will oblige me by returning it. I will have another made for him if he should desire one.

Yours, with regard,

REVERDY JOHNSON,

Commissioner, &c.

[Inclosure.]

Received, New Orleans, 22nd July, 1862, from the Honorable Reverdy Johnson, commissioner, &c., under an order from Major- General Buttler, the following bonds:

Ten consolidated debt city of New Orleans bonds for $1,000 each; eight Mobile City bonds for $1,000 each, the property of Messrs. Hope & Co., of Amsterdam, placed under the protection of the consul "des Pays Bas," and seized by order of the commander of the Gulf Department.

EDM. J. FORSTALL,

Agent of Hope & Co.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., July 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Dispatch as to nine-months" troops received. Hope that the policy of three-years" troops will be adhered to generally. In the last ten days all right in Illinois. The nine-months" regiments are filling up fast. I think I can raise 20,000 troops very soon, and hope you will authorize me to do so.

RICHARD YATES.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, July 28, 1862.

Honorable REVERDY JOHNSON,U. S. Commissioner, New Orleans:

MY DEAR SIR: I spoke to you Saturday of a proposition made tome by an English gentleman engaged in the cotton trade in Mobile.

His proposition is, that the rebels will permit cotton to come out of Mobile in exchange for salt and such merchandise as they need there, not contraband of war, provided a pledge shall be given that the cotton shall be shipped to England.

Of course we do not care where the cotton goes, even if it gets to that portion of the words known as Great Britain, where they inhumanly blow rebels from guns sack cities that are so unfortunate as to fall into their hands, as witness Peking and Delhi.

---------------

*Copy not found.

---------------

