
Please give me your opinion, as this is rather a civil than military question.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., July 28, 1862.

GOVERNORS OF ALL LOYAL STATES:

It would be of great service here for us to know, as fully as you can tell, what progress is made and making in recruiting for old regiments in your State. Also, about what day the first new regiment can move from you; what the second; what the third, and so on. This information is important to us in making calculations. Please give it as promptly and accurately as you can.

A. LINCOLN.

NORWICH, July 28, 1862.

President LINCOLN:

Recruiting for old regiments goes slowly; for new everything looks promising. I am organize regiments by districts. Four will be ready about the same time-say in September. Three encampments are now delayed for want of supplies for which requisition was made early this month. Until the regiments rendezvous enlistments are delayed. General Meigs has ordered supplies, which are daily expected. I regret that I cannot be more definite.

WM. A BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.

FAIRFIELD, IOWA, July 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I arrived at home on Saturday last from Washington and found a lamentable state of affairs in this section of Iowa.

Our loyal people are doing everything in their power to raise the number of troops required of this State, but very serious obstacles are thrown in their way. I will give you one instance, and ask you to take some action in regard to it as well as in all similar cases.

On last Saturday a recruiting officer visited Rome, a small town in Henry County, for the purpose of raising recruits. He was a wounded soldier and not able to defend himself. As soon as his business became known he was at once set upon by four miscreants and ordered to leave the town. He at first declined. The assailants threatened to hand him if he did not go, declaring that he should not stay there. He was compelled to leave. To-day a squad of soldiers went to Rome to arrest the men. I hear that they have arrested a part of them. But I do not know that any officer in this State has authority to hold them as prisoners.

Now, I suggest that some officer, say Captain G. W. Newman (who, I understand, is stationed at Burlington), or some other U. S. officer, be authorized by the Department to arrest such persons. Something of this kind must be done. The work of enlistment must not thus be interfered with. An end must be put to all such work and that once.

