
Men in this and surrounding counties are daily in the habit of denouncing the Government, the war, and all engaged in it, and are doing all they can to prevent enlistments. This should be stopped, so far as relates to enlistments, in some way. The Government needs men, and that as soon as possible. But with an organized determination on the part of a very considerable number of men in each country, the work of enlistment must go on slowly.

I hope something in relation to this matter may be done at once.

Yours, truly,

JAMES F. WILSON.

FRANKFORT, KY., July 28, 1862-5.30 p. m. (Received 10 p. m.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

No recruiting for old regiments is in progress in Kentucky, no details for that purpose, as we understand the general orders to require, having been made. The late excitement in Kentucky has so retarded preparations for new regiments that no idea can now be formed as to period of completion of any of them.

J. B. TEMPLE,

President of Military Board.

AUGUSTA, July 28, 1862. (Via Bath. Received 4.20 p. m.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN:

The State pays additional bounty of $10 to recruits for old regiments, and I am succeeding very well in obtaining them. Four new regiments can march in twenty days-say one in ten, one in fourteen, one in sixteen, and one in twenty days, but Government should send immediately a paymaster. Also, arms for one regiment are wanted.

ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.

(Translation.)

DETROIT, July 28, 1862.

The Honorable Mr. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States of America, &amp;c.:

SIR: I have the honor to bring to your knowledge that I have just received from his excellency the minister of the King for foreign affairs instruction relative to the facts which have occurred at the consulate of the Netherlands at New Orleans on the 10th and 11th of the month of May, this year.

Approving fully the line of conduct which I thought it my duty to pursue in that business, the Royal Government shares the satisfaction which I experienced when by your letter of 5th of June you were so good as to inform me, sir, that the President and Government of the United States viewed the conduct of the military authorities at New Orleans as a violation of the law of nations; act they disapproved it, and disapproved the sanction there given to it by Major-General Butler. But the King's Government flatters itself that of the United States will go further. In the view of the King's Government, the gravity and publicity of the outrage demand that the Government of

