
the United States give public evidence of its regret, for example, by manifesting, by some public act, its dissatisfaction with Major-General Butler.

The King's Government considering, until proof be made to the contrary, the Netherlands consul at New Orleans as having acted in good faith, expects that the Government of the United States will not refuse to do likewise, and that it will please, consequently, to invite the consul (who, on the avowal of the American Government itself, has been very ill-used) to resume his consular functions. M. Van Der Maesen de Sombreff observes, in passing, that if the consul should, perhaps, have given at once the information asked for, it is to be noticed that Mr. Couturie announced at once-but in vain-his wish to consult his Couturie announced at once-but in vain-his wish to consult his colleague, the Fresch consul, adding that 'something good might come out of the consultation." Captain Shipley replied that "he could not delay action."

The Government of the Netherlands, actuated by sentiments of moderation and conciliation, does not insist at present on a restitution in integrum or on statu quo ante, but expects, in requital, from the justice of the American Government, that the property taken from Netherlanders residing at New Orleans or elsewhere be restored. Among these properties are securities belonging to Messrs. Hope &amp; Co. personally; for example, the bonds of New Orleans and of Mobile, mentioned in the statement of facts by the consul (Schedule Numbers 2.)-then the property of individuals (Netherlanders) mentioned in Schedule Numbers 3.

As to what regards the $800,000, the King's Government, informed of the investigation which the American Government has instituted in this respect at New Orleans, does not wish to hasten a demand upon it.

I am therefore happy, sir, to be the organ of sentiments quite as conciliatory as those which you assured me animated the Government of the United States in this lamentable business, and at present I restrict myself to asking from you in the name of the King's Government:

First. Satisfaction-ulterior and public-(in the sense above expressed) given to the Government of the Netherlands by that of the United States for the violation of the Netherlands consulate at New Orleans.

Second. An invitation addressed by the Government of the United States to the consul of the Netherlands, outraged by military authority, to the end that he resume the exercise of his functions.

Third. Restitution of property seized belonging to Netherlanders.

Fourth. Restitution of $800,000 as soon as it shall be shown that the ownership was transferred to Messrs. Hope & Co.

I have the honor, Mr. Secretary of State, to renew to you the assurance of my high consideration.

ROEST VAN LIMBURG.

STATE OF MAINE, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Augusta, July 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I beg to all your attention to the order of the adjutant- general of Massachusetts in relation to the time when men enlisting in our regiments will be discharged from the service. Will the rule as stated by General Schouler obtain in this State, thus discharging the

