
new men when the time of the regiment, dating from its original mustering into service, expires? The Tenth Regiment Maine Volunteers was mustered in for only two-years's service. Will men now recruiting for that regiment be entitled to a discharge at the expiration of the two years from the time the regiment was mustered?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. WASHBURN, JR.

Two companies of the Tenth Regiment were mustered in for three years.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., July 28, 1862.

F. W. ALEXANDER,

Baltimore, Md.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized by the Secretary of War to raise and organize one battery of artillery to serve for three years or during the war, the same to be recruited in the State of Maryland. The said battery will be commanded by you as captain on your being commissioned as such by the Governor of Maryland. The battery will be organized as follows.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOSTON, July 28, 1862-3 p. m. (Received 3.10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

We have established three camps for recruiting for regiments now in the service. Please appoint an officer for each to act as mustering and disbursing officer and post quartermaster and commissary. Please instruct the U. S. staff officers at Boston to answer all requisitions which I draw or approve. Please telegraph reply.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., July 28, 1862.

A. LINCOLN,

President:

No progress has been and none will be made in recruiting for old regiments in this State until after harvest. The one new regiment called for from this State will be filled and ready to move on or about the 20th day of September next.

OSCAR MALMROS,

Adjutant-General.

ALBANY, N. Y., July 28, 1862.

A. LINCOLN,

President:

SIR: I have your dispatch of this date. I feel pretty well as to the motion of things in most parts of the State. I hope to commence

---------------

*Details of organization omitted.

---------------

