
sending you regiments in about two weeks-at least twenty days. Regiments will be placed at the command of the Government with as much rapidity as my capabilities permit, and within sixty days. I am doing all in my power to forward enlistments in the old regiments; but, as you are aware, recruiting for these since January has not been under the control of the Governors of States. It is not rapid.

E. D. MORGAN.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, July 28, 1862. (Received 4.15 p. m.)

The PRESIDENT:

Recruiting for our new regiments progresses quite satisfactorily. Expect to have one regiment ready for the field by the 15th of August, and all the rest, twenty-one in number, within that month. Recruiting for the old regiments progresses but slowly. Recruiting officers for the new regiments have their commissions to earn; those of the old have their in their pockets. Therefore, with all my efforts to fill up the old regiments first, I am meeting with but poor success.

DAVID TOD.

PHILADELPHIA, July 28, 1862-3.46 p. m. (Received 4 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

The committee of the Philadelphia bounty fund will divide their funds exclusively among the three-years" volunteers, and will use their influence in every way against short enlistments.

JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, July 28, 1862-3.10 p. m. (Received 4.20 p. m.)

A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The recruiting for the old regiments is reported by Captain Dodge, U. S. Army, superintendent the recruiting service in Pennsylvania, to progress slowly. For the new regiments the work has but just commenced, and it is impossible to indicate the day on which the first and succeeding regiments will move. Governor Curtin is absent.

A. L. RUSSELL,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., July 28, 1862.

Authority is hereby given for the enrollment and muster into service for three years or during the war of all members of the Ninth and Tenth Regiments Rhode Island (three-months") Volunteers who may desire to thus enter the Seventh Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers, now organizing. The respective commanders of the three-months" regiment in question will accordingly take steps to ascertain what men of their regiments are willing to enlist as above, when

