
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 28, 1862.

Mr. BRIGHAM YOUNG,

Silt Lake City, Utah:

By express direction of the President of the United States you are hereby authorized to raise, arm, and equip one company of cavalry for ninety days" service. This company will be organized as follows:

One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 1 quartermaster-sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 musicians, 2 farriers, 1 saddler, 1 wagoner, and from 56 to 72 privates. The company will be employed to protect the property of the telegraph and overland mail companies in or about Independence Rock, where depredations have been committed, and will be continued in service only till the U. S. troop can reach the point where they are so much needed. It may therefore be disbanded previous to the expiration of the ninety days. It will not be employed for any offensive operations other than may grow out f the duty hereinbefore assigned to it. The officers of the company will be mustered into the U. S. service by any civil officer of the United States Government at Salt Lake City competent to administer the oath. The men will then be enlisted by the company officers. The men employed in the service above named will be entitled to receive no other than the allowances authorized by law to soldiers in the service of the United States. Until the proper staff officer for subsisting these men arrive you will please furnish subsistence for them yourself, keeping an accurate account thereof for future settlement with the United States Government.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., April 29, 1862.

Brigadier General R. SAXTON:

SIR: You are assigned to duty in the Department of the South to act under the orders of the Secretary of War. You are directed to take possession of all the plantations heretofore occupied by rebels, and take charge of the inhabitants remaining thereon within the department, or which the fortunes of the war may hereafter bring into it, with authority to take such measures, make such rules and regulations for the cultivation of the land, and for protection, employment, and government of the inhabitants as circumstances may seem to require. The major-general commanding the Department of the South will be instructed to give you all the military aid and protection necessary to enable you to carry out the views of the Government. You will have power to act upon the decisions of courts-martial which are called for the trial of persons not in the military service to the same extent that the commander of a department has over courts-martial called for the trial of soldiers in his department; and so far as the persons above described are concerned you will also have a general control over the action of the provost-marshals. It is expressly understood that, so far as the persons and purposes herein specified are concerned, your action will be independent of that of other military authorities of the department, and in all other cases subordinate only to the major-general commanding. In cases of actual suffering and destitution of the inhabitants you are directed to issue such portions of the army ration and such arti-

