
all such will be duly mustered out of service, and then enrolled and duly mustered in for the increased term above specified. Colonel Z. R. Bliss, Rhode Island Volunteers (captain, U. S. Army), is charged with the duty of mustering the men out of the three-month's service and their enrollment and muster into service for the new term.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

MADISON, WIS., July 28, 1862.

A. LINCOLN,

President:

In reply to your dispatch of to-day I would state that the first intimation of reopening recruiting in this State was from General Halleck, some two months since. He stated that officers would be detailed from the regiments. It is only within about two weeks that any officers have returned for the purpose. It is my earnest desire to fill the old regiments first. We are about making arrangements for a uniform bounty for volunteers, which arrangements I shall try to have cover the old regiments also. We hope to be able to send one regiment within thirty days. We hope to be able to send one regiment within thirty days. I have distracted the State for the other five, and the work of enrolling and enlisting is going on. I told General Buckingham, at Cleveland, that it would be impossible to fill any of the five new regiments before the harvest. Labor is scarce and farmers pay $2,50 per day for laborers. After harvest we shall fill the five regiments very speedily, and I expect to have all ready at or about the same time. Whenever I can fix a time when a regiment can be ready I will advise the Secretary of War.

E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 91. Washington, July 29, 1862.

The following resolutions, acts, and extracts from acts of Congress are published for the information of all concerned:

(I. PUBLIC RESOLUTION-Numbers 43.)

A RESOLUTION to provide for the presentation of "medals of honor" to the enlisted men of the Army and volunteer forced who have distinguished or may distinguish themselves in battle during the present rebellion.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the President of the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause two thousand "medals of honor" to be prepared with suitable emblematic devices, and to direct that the same be presented, in the name of Congress, to such non-commissioned officers and privates as shall most distinguish themselves by their gallantry in action, and other soldier like qualities, during the hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated for the purpose of carrying this resolution into effect.

Approved July 12, 1862.

(II. PUBLIC-Numbers 137.)

AN ACT to grant pensions.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That if any officer, non-commissioned officer, musician, or private of the Army, including regulars, volunteers, and militia, or any officer, warrant or petty officer, musician, seaman ordinary seaman, flotilla man, marine, clerk,

