
SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That so much of the aforesaid act, approved twenty-second July, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, as authorizes each regiment of volunteers in the United States service to have twenty-four musicians for a band, and fixes the compensation of the leader of the band, be, and the same is hereby, repealed; and the men composing such bands shall be mustered out of the service within thirty days after the passage of this act.

(The provisions of this section will be forthwith carried into effect. But in mustering the regimental and out of service all enlisted men who have been detached from companies to serve in them, but were not originally mustered in as members of the bands, will be returned to duty in their companies. Not having been enlisted as musicians they are not entitled to discharge as such. With their own consent musicians of regimental bands, instead of being discharged, may be transferred on their present enlistment to form the brigade bands authorized by section 6 of this act, at the discretion of the brigade commanders.)

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That each brigade in the volunteer service may have sixteen musicians as a band, who shall receive the pay and allowances now provided by law for regimental bands, except the leader of the band, who shall receive forty- five dollars per month, with the emoluments and allowances of a quartermaster-sergeant.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the present rate of mileage allowed to officers of the Army when traveling on public duty, where transportation in kind is not furnished to them by the Government, not more than six cents per mile shall hereafter be allowed, unless where an officer is ordered from a station east of the Rocky Mountains to one west of the same mountains or vice versa, when ten cents per mile shall be allowed to him; and no officer of the Army or Navy of the United States shall be paid mileage except for travel actually performed at his own expense and in obedience to orders.

SEC. 8. And be it further enacted, That so much of section nine of the aforesaid act,, approved July twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and section seven approved August third, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, as defines the qualifications of chaplains in the Army and volunteers, shall hereafter be construed to read as follows: That no person shall be appointed a chaplain in the United States Army who is not a regularly ordained minister of some religious denomination, and who does not present testimonials of his present good standing as such minister, with a recommendation for his appointment as an army chaplain from some authorized ecclesiastical body, or not less than five accredited ministers belonging to said religious denomination.

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted, That thereafter the compensation of all chaplains in the regular or volunteer service or army hospitals shall be one hundred dollars hospitals, appointed under the authority of the second section of the act approved May twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, shall be nominated to the Senate for its advice and consent, and they shall, in all respects, fill the requirements of the preceding section of this act relative to the appointment of chaplains in the Army and volunteers, and the appointments of chaplains to army hospitals heretofore made by the President are hereby confirmed; and it is hereby made the duty of each officer commanding a district or post containing hospitals, or a brigade of troops, within thirty days after the reception of the order promulgating this act, to inquire into the fitness, efficiency, and qualifications of the chaplains of hospitals or regiments, and to muster out of service such chaplains as were not appointed in conformity with the requirements of this act, and who have not faithfully discharged the duties of chaplains during the time they have been engaged as such. Chaplains employed at the military posts called "chaplain posts" shall be required to reside at the posts, and all chaplains in the United States service shall be subject to such rules in relation to leave of absence from duty as are prescribed for commissioned officers of the United States Army stationed at such posts.

SEC. 10. And be it further enacted, That so much of the fifth section of the act approved July twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, as allows forty cents per day for the use and risk of the horses of company officers of cavalry, and the tenth section of the aforesaid act, approved August three, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.

SEC. 11. And be it further enacted, That whenever an officer shall be put under arrest, except at remote military posts or stations, it shall be the duty of the officer by whose orders he is arrested to see that a copy of the charges on which he has been

