
cles of clothing as may be suitable to the habits and wants of the persons supplied, which articles will be furnished by the quartermaster and commissary of the Department of the South upon requisitions approved by yourself. It is expected that by encouraging industry, skill in the cultivation of the necessaries of life, and general self-improvement you will, as far as possible, promote the real well-being of all people under your supervision. Medical and ordnance supplies will be furnished by the proper officers, which you will distribute and use according to your instructions.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PITTSBURG, April 30, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Mingo and her tow left yesterday. The Lioness with the remainder of the coal is leaving now. The Samson has her crew engaged and will leave to-morrow. The officers for the two steam tenders are engaged at work, but they will be delayed some days. I expect to be in Cincinnati to-morrow morning. I am greatly indebted to the indefatigable committee here. Please order the following arms, to be delivered speedily to Thomas Sherlock, Cincinnati, for my use: 300 rifled muskets and ammunition, 300 navy revolvers and ammunition, 300 cutlasses, nine small cases of parapet hand-grenades, such as would be most convenient for throwing over a bulwark, to clear the bows of the steamer in case of boarding.

CHAS. ELLET, JR.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., April 30, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

I leave to-night for Pittsburg, Tenn. I desire an answer authorizing me to appoint two additional surgeons for each Illinois regiment, as has been permitted to Governor of Indiana. Answer immediately.

RICHD. YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., April 30, 1862.

His Excellency Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

Your are authorized to appoint temporarily two additional surgeons for each Illinois regiment, the appointment to continue until further order of this Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 49. Washington, May 1, 1862.

Upon requisitions made by commanders of armies in the field authority will be given by the War Department to the Governors of the respective States to recruit regiments now in service.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

