
pay, and emoluments,as the Corps of Engineers of the Regular Army of the United States, and they shall be paid for their services, already performed, as is now provided by law for the payment of officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of the Engineer Corps of the Regular Army.

SEC. 21. And be it further enacted, That any alien, of the age of twenty-one years and upwards, who has enlisted or shall enlist in the armies of the United States, either the regular or the volunteer forces, and has been or shall be hereafter honorably discharged, may be admitted to become a citizen of the United States, upon his petition, without any previous declaration of his intention to become such citizen; and that the court admitting such alien shall, in addition to such proof of residence and good moral character as is now provided by law, be satisfied by competent proof of such person having been honorably discharged from the service of the United States as aforesaid.

SEC. 22. And be it further enacted, That there shall be added to the Adjutant-General's Department, by regular promotion of its present officers, one colonel, two lieutenant-colonels, and nine majors; and all vacancies occurring in the grade of major shall be filled by selection from among the captain of the Army.

Approved July 17, 1862.

(XI. PUBLIC-Numbers 166.)

AN ACT to amend the act calling forth the militia to execute the laws the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel invasions, approved February twenty-eight, seventeen hundred and ninety- five, and the acts amendatory thereof, and for other purposes.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That whenever the President of the United States shall call forth the militia of the States, to be employed in the service of the United States, he may specify in his call the period for which such service will be required, not exceeding nine months; and the militia so called shall be mustered in and continue to serve for and during the term so specified, unless sooner discharged by command of the President. If by reason of defects in existing laws, or in the execution of them, in the several States, or any of them, it shall be found necessary to provide for enrolling the militia and otherwise putting this act into execution, the President is authorized in such cases to make all necessary rules and regulations; and the enrollment of the militia shall in all cases inclose all able-bodied male citizens between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, and shall be apportioned among the States according to representative population.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the militia, when so called into service, shall be organized in the mode prescribed by law for volunteers.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized, in addition to the volunteer forces which he is now authorized by law to raise, to accept the services of any number of volunteers, not exceeding one hundred thousand, as infantry, for a period of nine months, unless sooner discharged. And every soldier who shall enlist under the provisions of this section shall receive his first month's pay, and also twenty-five dollars as bounty, upon the mustering of his company or regiment into the service of the United States. And all provisions of law relating to volunteers enlisted in the service of the United States. And all provisions of law relating to volunteers enlisted in the service of the United States for three years, or during the war, except in relation to bounty, shall be, and the same are, extended to, and are hereby declared to embrace the volunteers to be raised under the provisions of this section.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That, for the purpose of filling up the regiments of infantry now in the United States service, the President be, and he hereby is, authorized to accept the services of volunteers in such numbers as may be presented for that purpose, for twelve months, if not sooner discharged. And such volunteers, when mustered into the service, shall be in all respects upon a footing with similar troops in the United States service, except as to service bounty, which shall be fifty dollars, one-half of which to be paid upon their joining their regiments, and the other half at the expiration of their enlistment.

SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That the President shall appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a judge-advocate-general with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel of cavalry, to whose office shall be returned, for revision, the records and proceedings of all courts-martial and military commissions, and where a record shall be kept of all proceedings had thereupon. And no sentence of death or imprisonment in the penitentiary shall be carried into execution until the same shall have been approved by the President.

