
SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That there may be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, for each army in the field, a judge-advocate, with the rank, pay, and emoluments, each, of a major of cavalry, who shall perform the duties of judge-advocate for the army to which they respectively belong, under the direction of the Judge-Advocate- General.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That hereafter all offenders in the Army charged with offenses now punishable by a regimental or garrison court-martial shall be brought before a field officer of his regiment, who shall be detailed for that purpose, and who shall hear and determine the offense and order the punishment that shall be inflicted; and shall also make a record of his proceedings and submit the same to the brigade commander, who, upon the approval of the proceedings of such field officer, shall order the same to be executed: Provided, That the punishment in such cases be limited to that authorized to be inflicted by a regimental or garrison court-martial: And provided further, That in the event of there being no brigade commander, the proceedings, as aforesaid, shall be submitted for approval to the commanding officer of the post.

SEC. 8. And be it further enacted, That all officers who have been mustered into the service of the United States as battalion adjutants and quartermasters of cavalry under the orders of the War Department, exceeding the number authorized by law, shall be paid as such for the time they were actually employed in the service of the United States, and that all such officers now in service exceeding the number, as aforesaid, shall be immediately mustered out of the service of the United States.

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to establish and organize army corps according to his discretion.

SEC. 10. And be it further enacted, That each army corps shall have the following officers, and no more, attached thereto, who shall constitute the staff of the commander thereof: One assistant adjutant-general, one quartermaster, one commissary of subsistence, and one assistant inspector-general, who shall bear, respectively, the rank of lieutenant-colonel and who shall be assigned from the Army or volunteer rank of lieutenant-colonel and who shall be assigned from the Army or volunteer force by the President. Also three aides-de-camp, one to bear the rank of major and two to bear the rank of captain, to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, upon the recommendation of the commander of the army corps. The senior officer of artillery in each army corps shall, in addition to army corps. The senior officer of artillery in each army corps shall, in addition to his other duties, act as chief artillery and ordnance at the headquarters of the corps.

SEC. 11. And be it further enacted, That the cavalry forces in the service of the United States shall hereafter be organized as follows: Each regiment of cavalry shall have one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, three majors, one surgeon, one assistant surgeon, one regimental adjutant, one regimental quartermaster, one regimental commissary, one sergeant-major, one quartermaster-sergeant, one commissary-sergeant, two hospital stewards, one saddler-sergeant, one chief trumpeter, and one chief farrier or blacksmith, and each regiment shall have one captain, one first lieutenant, one second lieutenant, and one supernumerary second lieutenant, one first sergeant, one quartermaster-sergeant, one commissary-sergeant, five sergeants, eight corporals, two teamsters, two farriers or blacksmiths, one saddler, one wagoner, and seventy-eight privates, the regimental adjutants, the regimental quartermasters, and regimental commissaries to be taken from their respective regiments: Provided, That vacancies caused by this organization shall not be considered as original, but shall be filled by regular promotion.

SEC. 12. And be it further enacted, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to receive into the service of the United States, for the purpose of constructing entrenchments, or performing camp service, or any other labor, or any military or naval service for which they may be found competent, persons of African descent, and such persons shall be enrolled and organized under such regulations, not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws, as the President may prescribe.

SEC. 13. And be it further enacted, That when any man or boy of African descent, who by the laws of any State shall owe service or labor to any person who during the present rebellion has levied war, or has borne arms against the United States, or adhered to their enemies by giving them aid and comfort, shall render any such service as is provided for in this act, he, his mother, and his wife and children, shall forever thereafter be free, any law, usage, or custom whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided, That the mother, wife, and children of such man or boy of African descent shall not be made free by the operation of this act, except where such mother, wife, or children owe service or labor to some person who during the present rebellion has borne arms against the United States, or adhered to their enemies by giving them aid and comfort.

SEC. 14. And be it further enacted, That the expenses incurred to carry this act into effect shall be paid out of the general appropriation for the Army and volunteers.

SEC. 15. And be it further enacted, That all persons who have been or shall be hereafter enrolled in the service of the United States under this act shall receive the pay

