
(XIV. PUBLIC-Numbers 168.)

AN ACT to suspend temporarily the operation of an at entitled "An act to prevent and punish fraud on the part of officers instructed with making of contract for the Government," approved June two, eighteen hundred and sixty-two. (See General Orders, Numbers 58.)

Be it enacted by the Senate by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the operation of the act entitled "An act to prevent and punish frauds on the part of officers instructed with making of contracts for the Government," approved June two, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, be and the same is hereby suspended until the first Monday of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.

Approved July 17, 1862.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, July 29, 1862-12.45 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have arranged matters at Harrisburg. Will be in Washington this evening.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM.

INDIANAPOLIS, July 29, 1862.

P. H. WATSON, Esq.,

Assistant Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Having been detained here several hours by the train, I have taken occasion to see and converse with Governor Morton and others connected with the State government.

Recruiting for the regiments under the new call is progressing quite satisfactorily. The Governor is raising fourteen regiments; of these one or two are now almost ready (he thinks they will be filled by next week), while at the others, except perhaps one, have now an average of perhaps 500 men, and he thinks they will all be full in three weeks or less. He has telegraphed to the several recruiting stations for exact figures showing the progress of each, which he will telegraph the President as soon as received.

The Governor has also sent a considerable number of volunteers, raised as a special and temporary levy, to the help of General Boyle to help operate against the Kentucky rebel guerrillas. The Governor represents a very intense excitement as existing along the Indiana border and in Kentucky on account of the late rebel raid across the Ohio River.

He thinks and says earnestly that but for the presence of a large Federal force Kentucky would now be in very imminent danger of being turned against us.

Yours, truly,

JNO. G. NICOLAY.

DETROIT, MICH., July 29, 1862.

A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Very little can be done in recruiting old regiments until the new regiments are filled up, although every exertion is being made to do so.

