
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXECUTIVE DEPT., Boston, July 30, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington City, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: Some days ago I wrote to you to inquire whether able- bodied men who are exempt from military service on account of being over forty-five would be received by you to perform garrison duty here, at Washington, or anywhere that is necessary. There are many men here over forty-five who are yet strong and accustomed to work-mechanics and others-who would willingly and ably serve their country on garrison duty, but whose age unfit them for long marches. Will you please be so kind as to reply, informing me upon this point?

Most respectfully, and truly yours,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, July 30,1 862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am called upon this morning by Judge Buckner, of Kentucky, and a committee of highly respectable gentlemen from Cincinnati, who represent that there is imminent danger of an extensive raid in Kentucky on the meeting of their Legislature next week. I am compelled to believe that there are good reasons for their apprehensions. I have but furnish but little prompt assistance. in view of this I have to advise that you send on of the three- months" Ohio regiments now at Clarksburg, Cumberland, and Harper's Ferry direct to Frankfort, Ky. I have further to advise that a commander stationed at Cincinnati or Louisville have authority to control all forces raised in Ohio, Indiana, and Kentucky. Whether the present commander at either of these places is the man for the place I express no opinion. Now our harvest is nearly over enlistments are progressing well, but it will be yet some fifteen days before I can turn out regiments.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Columbus, Ohio, July 30, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: Since dispatching you this morning in relation to our troubles in Kentucky I have had an interview with Messrs. Denizen, Anderson, Bates, and Gurley, and have become so thoroughly impressed with the necessity of prompt action on the part of your Department that I have requested them to proceed at once to Washington for a personal conference with you. These gentlemen will be able to give all the information necessary as to the condition of things both in Ohio and Kentucky to enable you to determine as to what can be done to meet the crisis.

In haste, truly yours,

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

