
CLINTON, IOWA, July 31, 1862. (Received 8.40 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Your telegram received. As the Eighteenth Infantry was raised with express understanding to go to Annapolis you would do great injury to the recruiting service by not carrying out the representations made to me and by me made to them. The men of the Eighteenth should be paid their one-fourth bounty and advance pay before moving. If not, great injury will be done to the service for our five new regiments.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General.

CLINTON, IOWA, [July 31,] 1862. (Received 11 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Yours of date received. The Eighteenth was recruited for Annapolis. Promises are good when kept, bad otherwise. The Eighteenth is fully armed, equipped, and clothed. Don"t let my promises, founded on dispatch from War Department, be violated. It will injure recruiting for new regiments, which are organizing fast. The Eighteenth is not one of the five newly called for. The one-quarters bounty and advance pay should be made without fail.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa.

AUGUSTA, ME., July 31, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Four regiments are nearly ready. They are at different places of rendezvous, and we have but one mustering officer. It would greatly facilitate matters if army officers recruiting in the State or others could be authorized to muster them. If they can be mustered, paid their month's advance, and armed, they can all march in ten days. Arms are wanting for one regiment only. I propose to send residue of Maine's quota to old regiments if it has your approbation.

I. WASHBURN, JR.,

Governor of Maine.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 31, 1862.

Governor DAVID TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

The disposition of the forces raised in Ohio, Indiana, &amp;c., will be made as soon as we received satisfactory information of the enemy's intended movements. You will receive instructions by the time they are ready for service.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

