
AUGUSTA, ME., August 4, 1862-8.10 p. m. (Received 9.30 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Two regiments ready to-morrow. Where and when shall they go? Will you have their advance paid? May a few smart drummer boys under eighteen be enlisted with parents" consent? Will accommodate much if Captain Cyrus Hamlin, U. S. Army, is authorized to act as State mustering officer. Answer by telegraph.

I. WASHBURN, JR.,

Governor of Maine.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 4, 1862-10.30 a. m.

His Excellency DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio, Columbus:

Telegram of 1st instant received. Yours of 23rd May cannot be found.* I do not understand this. Non-commissioned officers or privates will be sent to recruit as soon as General Orders, Numbers 88, reaches them. They need no commissions unless vacancies exist, which you have power to fill as you think proper. Recruits for old regiments go into companies already officered, unless entire companies are wanted. In that case you can appoint officers at home or from the field, as you choose.

By order of Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., August 4, 1862.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF VIRGINIA,

Wheeling, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the proposition of the Honorable James M. Close to raise a regiment of infantry to be recruited in his district of the State is accepted by the Secretary of War, and you are hereby authorized to give the order for the recruitment of the said force, the organization of which will conform to that prescribed by the act approved July 22, 1861, "to authorize the employment of volunteers," &amp;c., and section III, of General Orders, Numbers 91, 1861, from this office. The regiment will be accepted for special services in the vicinity of Alexandria, Va., and of the forts about Washington, D. C., and Mr. Close has been assured that the War Department will recognize this condition and accept the regiment in accordance therewith.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see May 23, p. 66.

---------------

