
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 95. Washington, August 5, 1862.

The following orders are promugulated for the information of all concerned:

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., July 31, 1862.*

* * * * *

II. Ordered, That Simeon Draper, esq., of New York, be, and he is hereby, appointed a commissioner of this Department to superintendent the execution of the order of this date (General Orders, Numbers 92,) respecting absentee officers and privates. He will have an office assigned to him in the War Department, and will communicant with the marshals, mayors, chiefs of police, and other special provost-marshals designated in said order. All communication touching the execution of said order will be addressed to him. All communications touching the execution of said order will be addressed to him. Quartermasters and commissaries will furnish transportation and subsistence on his requisition, and all officers in the service will aid him in the duties of his commission.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[WAR DEPARTMENT, August 5, 1862.]

Ordered:

That the use of the telegraph being required for military purposes, all persons actually employed in construction and operating telegraph lines at the date of the order calling for 300,000 men be exempt from military duty so long as they remain in such service.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

AUGUST 5, 1862.

MILITIA EXEMPTIONS.

Numerous applications having been made to the War Department by railroad companies to exempt their employes from the militia, it has been decided that none but locomotive engineers in actual employment when the order for draft was made can be exempted. The exception of telegraph operators is upon the ground that they are practicing, and are necessary to the military operations, and which being known to comparatively few persons, their places cannot be supplied.+

LEAVENWORTH, August 5, 1862. (Received 6.40 p. m. 6th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Recruiting opens up beautifully. Good for four regiments of whites and two of blacks. General Blunt leaves immediately to assume

---------------

*For Paragraph I, see Series II, Vol. IV, p. 343.

+In the handwriting of Secretary Stanton, but unsigned.

---------------

