
II. That if any State shall not by the 18th August furnish its quota of the additional 300,000 volunteers authorized by law, the deficiency of volunteers in that State will also be made up by special draft from the militia. The Secretary of War will establish regulations for that purpose.

Instructions will be sent in a few days. The whole number of troops sent by the several States will be estimated and apportioned, and any surplus furnished by a State above its proportion will be credited to the draft.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to the Governors of the loyal States and Honorable J. B. Temple, president Military Board, Frankfort, Ky.)

BOSTON, MASS., August 5, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

SIR: Our Thirty-third Regiment has been delayed by an accident to the colonel. It will move this week, and also the Thirty-fourth. Both are full. We have 3,000 men in camp besides, who will be pushed forward as soon as possible. Please detail Lieutenant Hyes, of First Company of Heavy Artillery, Massachusetts Volunteers, now at Fort Warren, for post quartermaster at [Camp] Edwin M. Stanton immediately. Please do this by telegraph.

WM. SCHOULER,

Adjutant-General of Massachusetts.

ALBANY, N. Y., August 5, 1862. (Received 9 a. m. 6th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

His Excellency Govenornor Morgan left for Washington last evening, and will answer in person your communication of the 2nd instant in relation to enrollment of the militia. Enrollment will be completed on the 15th of this month.

THOS. HILLHOUSE,

Adjutant-General of New York.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., August 5, 1862.

CHARLES GIBBONS,

Counsellor at Law, Philadelphia:

SIR: You are hereby requested, in all cases where arms and munitions of war, suitable for the service of the United States, are held by the prize court, to move the court to order their appraisal and delivery to some ordnance officer of U. S. Army, on his filing in court a certificate of the Assistant Treasurer of the United States that the amount of the appraisement has been deposited in the U. S. Treasury, subject to the order and disposal of the court on final decree in the case, and notify this Department when such order is made.

