
You will also, upon the arrival of any prize in the port of Philadelphia, take immediate measures to ascertain whether there are on hand any arms or munitions of war, and the quality and description thereof, and promptly notify this Department. You will see that suitable appraisers are appointed by the court and attend the appraisement, and take care that a fair and honest appraisal is made.

You will take any other measures proper to protect the interests of the Government, so far as they are under the direction of the War Department, and promptly communicate any facts or information you deem essential to the public welfare.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BRATTLEBOROUGH, VT., August 5, 1862-3.30 p. m. (Received 5.10 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I trust that in making arrangements for drafting, towns which have thus far furnished their quota or more will be credited therewith toward the draft, while towns thus far deficient will be charged in draft with such deficiency.

F. HOLBROOK.

MADISON, WIS., August 5, 1862. (Received 8.26 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am applied to by parties who offer to raise a battalion or more of friendly Indians in this State; also one or more companies of colored citizens. Can any encourgagement be given to them?

E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

NEW YORK, August 5, 1862.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: The great loss of life from other causes than injuries received in battle, during the recent campaign on the Peninsula of Virginia, has excited a marked degree of public attention, and is alleged to have materially discouraged volunteering. It cannot be doubted that many, who would be influenced by no fear of death in an encounter with the enemies of their country, shrink from those dangers under which the strength of the Army of the Potomac is known to have been so greatly wasted before it left its works fatigue and privation was the chief of those dangers is now generally and not unreasonably believed.

In letters written, after personal observation of the Army of the Potomac, by the secretary of the commission, which were placed in your hands early in July, it was urged that the only efficient security immediately available against a great aggravation of this evil, and consequent danger of disaster, was the exercise of the Executive

