
proceeds credited to the fund for collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers.*

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 3, 1862.

His Excellency Governor of ----:

Volunteer recruiting service will cease from this date.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

(Addressed to the Governors of all the loyal States and the superintendent of recruiting service.)

CINCINNATI, OHIO, April 3, 1862.

(Received 8.40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Mr. Ellet arrived this morning. Steamers entirely different required than supposed yesterday by Mr. Jeffrey, and the committee have telegraphed that you designate some one to make purchase of the Champion Numbers 3. William Hooper, a wealthy, honest, and capable citizen, was named in previous dispatch for assistant quartermaster. The following resolution adopted by the committee means simply that they indorse or pass an opinion on the success or wisdom of Mr. Ellet's plans:

Resolved, That this committee, acting under the telegrams of the Secretary of War to Mr. Jeffrey and Mr. Butler, consider their only duty to be, acting solely from patriotic motives, to appraise the value of such steamer as Mr. Ellet, the engineer of the War Department, may designate, and to see that the work that may be necessary, under his directions, be done as speedily and economically as possible.

JOSEPH C. BUTLER.

APRIL 3, 1862.

JOSEPH C. BUTLER,

President Board of Trade, Cincinnati, Ohio:

A commission for Mr. Hooper as assistant quartermaster will be forwarded by mail to-morrow, so as to enable him to contract and make payment in proper form. In the meanwhile let no time be lost in making the proposed purchase and starting the work. Hours count, and every hour should bring the rebellion near its end.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*The original paper, in the handwriting of Secretary Stanton, unsigned and without date, on which this order was based reads as follows:

"Ordered:

"1. That all officers on volunteer recruiting service be ordered to their regiments.

"2. That the Governors of the respective States be notified that no more volunteer recruits will be received; that no expenses of enlistment or recruiting will be paid unless it has been authorized by a previous call of the Department."

It is indorsed "Received, A. G. O., April 3, 1862."

---------------

