
And then he would wish you to take the names of, and forward to him at Hilton Head, all such negroes as may volunteer for this purpose. Of the probable success of this project and the number likely to be available you will please advise me from time to time and as early as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

Read to General Hunter and approved by him May 7, 1862.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 8, 1862.

General ISAAC I. STEVENS,

Commanding, Beaufort, Port Royal Island, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am authorized by the War Department to form the negroes into 'squads, companies, or otherwise," as I may deem most beneficial to the public service. I have concluded to enlist two regiments to be officered from the most intelligent and energetic of our non-commissioned officers; men who will go into it with all their hearts. If you have any such, please appoint them to officer all the companies you can furnish me except the first. For the first company to be raised at Beaufort I have appointed Captain Trowbridge and two lieutenants from the Volunteer Engineer Regiment. Captain Trowbridge has orders to report to you, and you will very much oblige me if you will furnish him with a good company as soon as possible, and then send him down to report to me. And send, also, other companies as fast as you can have them organized. The non-commissioned officers appointed as officers will not be dropped from the rolls of their respective companies till their new appointments shall have been approved by the President.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

DAVID HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 51.
Washington, May 10, 1862.

I. Commanders of departments will designate some officer in each city or town where there is a general hospital to perform the functions assigned to military commanders in General Orders, Numbers 36.

II. When rations are commuted at 25 cents, under the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 47, the physicians in charge of the State hospitals will enter on their descriptive lists the dates between which the men have been subsisted.

III. When transportation is furnished to soldiers on sick-leave, under paragraph II of General Orders, Numbers 41, the officers or surgeons of general hospitals who grant the furloughs will note the cost of masters will not hereafter pay bills for such transportation to the States.*

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For paragraph IV, relating to prisoners of war transferred to skeleton regiments, see Series II, Vol. III, p. 529.

---------------

