
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 6, 1862.

THOMAS A. SCOTT, Esq.,

Pittsburg:

An order similar in principle to that in respect to railroads might be made for those on which Government transportation is carried on, but it ought to be carefully guarded, as too many persons would seek its shelter. I would like to have your notion in the form of an order, and will endeavor to make one that may meet the case. Adams Express Company encouraged their employes to enlist in the service, and I think any order in respect to railroads ought to be as limited to actual necessity, or it may provoke hostility in the public mind.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PITTSBURG, PA., August 6, 1862.

E. S. SANFORD:

The telegraph is a very good thing, but you cannot carry men or munitions of war. Does not the Secretary think railways as essential to aid prosecuting the war as telegraphs, and if so must we not have to work them experts-men of experience and detail-and if so should not this class of men be exempt? I assure you this question is assuming a serious aspect. I hope the Secretary will not consider that I am, like newspapers, assuming to advise.

G. W. CASS.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 6, 1862.

GEORGE W. CASS, Esq.,

Pittsburg:

I have for some days been considering the question of military service as to railroad employes, and recognize the justice of the principle so far as it is applicable to them equally as to telegraph operators, provided it can be properly limited. Your views on the subject would be thankfully received, for I am anxious to be enlightened upon this as upon every other official duty. The principle that exempts telegraph operators is that they serve the Government in a special art known to but few persons, whose places cannot be supplied. The same principle might justly extend to engineers of locomotives, conductors, and brakemen, but how much further it should go is a point of difficulty on which I would be glad to be informed.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 6, 1862.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Vice-President Railroad Company, Pittsburg:

Telegraph operators have already been exempted from draft. There is strong opposition to exempting railroad employes, and I do not know what will be the decision.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

