
By order of James H. Lane, commissioner of recruiting, Department of Kansas:

T. J. WEED,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 6, 1862.

Governor WASHBURN,

Augusta, Me.:

Your regiments will be paid the bounty before leaving the State. The scarcity of officers and the demand for them in the field prevents as many being sent to each State as I desire, but the Adjutant-General has been ordered to send two more mustering officers to your State.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 6, 1862.

His Excellency DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio, Columbus:

What rules and regulations do you desire the President to adopt to facilitate recruiting for regiments in the field? Please send a copy of them to this Department. All possible facilities will be furnished to you.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PHILADELPHIA, PA., August 6, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to submit the following resolution, unanimously adopted this morning:

Resolved, That in the opinion of this committee it will be highly prejudicial to the success of recruitment for old regiments in Philadelphia to retain recruits in large numbers at this station, and that the Secretary of War be requested to direct that such recruits be forwarded to their respective regiments in squads as they are mustered into service.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS WEBSTER,

Vice-Chairman Citizens" Bounty Fund Committee.

BRATTLEBOROUGH, VT., August 6, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

The Governor will issue an order to State officers conforming to yours of 31st of July. On the receipt of the official copy this State will respond to the calls of the Government with alacrity. I would advise that the Postmaster-General should bring your order to the notice of the postmaster throughout the country. I will be in Maine to-morrow.

S. DRAPER.

