
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 97. Washington, August 7, 1862.

I. Commanders of volunteer regiments are reminded that the clothing accounts of their men must be settled after they have been one year in service, and the balance stated on the first subsequent musteroll. Where this has not already been done at the June muster, the omission must be supplied on the next rolls for pay or they cannot be recognized as valid.

II. Parcels directed to the Adjutant-General of the Army will hereafter be marked on the right-hand upper corner in a way to indicate their contents. Those pertaining to the Volunteer Recruiting Service will be so marked, to distinguish them from those relating to the Regular Service, which are examined in a different office. Packages containing certificates of disability, regular and volunteer musterolls, returns, &amp;c., will all be marked in like manner.

III. The attention of sutlers and all others concerned is directed to the second section of the act of March 3, 1855, which provides that it shall not be lawful for any postmaster or other person to sell any postage stamp or stamped envelope for any large sum than that indicated upon the face of such postage stamp, or for any larger sum than that charged therefor by the Post-Office Department; and that any person who shall violate this provision shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be fined in any sum not less than ten nor more than five hundred dollars.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROCHESTER, PA., August 7, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Received your message when leaving Pittsburg. I will write you from Steubenville this evening and give my views of form of order.

THOS. A. SCOTT,

Vice-President.

CHICAGO, August 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

As the draft for soldiers is calculated to seriously embarrass the operations of the various railroads of the country by obstructing the services of engineers and machinists, which are indispensable, and looking to the vast importance of maintaining without interruption the facilities of the transportation, not only necessary to the military operations of the Government, but the commerce of the country, we respectfully ask your early consideration of extending an exemption of engineers, machinists, and other experts employed by railroads against draft, which can by no possibility be replaced without months of previous instruction.

JAS. ROBB,

Receiver Saint Louis, Alton and Chicago Railroad.

G. L. DUNLAP,

Superintendent Chicago and Northwestern Railroad.

MAHONE D. OGDEN,

President Chicago and Milwaukee Railroad.

E. B. TALCOTT,

General Superintendent Galena and Chicago Railroad.

C. G. HAMMOND,

General Sup. Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad, Chicago, Ill.

