
CHICAGO, ILL., August 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Since the orders for drafting large numbers of citizens are leaving this city to escape the draft, and it is strongly urged upon me to ask your for authority to declare martial law again. There is an urgent and almost unanimous demand from the loyal citizens that the Chicago Times should be immediately suppressed for giving aid and comfort to the enemy. I solicit an immediate answer. Do not delay, for I fear the people will take into their hands the power which should only be used under the authority of your Department.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor.

SPRINGFIELD, August 7, 1862-11.20 p. m.

(Received 2.20 a. m. 8th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have the honor to inform you that at least 25,000 volunteers are already enrolled in this State in response to the call for 300,000 three-years" men. I beg you to inform me the quota belonging to this State under this call. Thousands of our people are now offering themselves under the last call, and are demanding they shall not be drafted. They are ready to enlist, and I do not hesitate [to say] that if you will assign us also our quota under the last call no enrollment nor draft of our militia will be required. Fifty thousand from this State can be put into camp in this State by the 1st of next month if we can accept them. They, however, need quartermaster's stores and arms immediately, and I beg of you that they be supplied. If they are disappointed and refused permission now to enlist and be provided the reaction in a few days will be terrible. What can we say to them immediately?

ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 7, 1862.

His Excellency O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana, Indianapolis:

Six thousand three hundred Springfield rifle muskets to arm nine regiments, and 5,400 European rifle muskets of superior quality to arm six regiments, with all the necessary accouterments, have been ordered to Indianapolis by fast trains. Also cavalry equipments and pistols and sabers for a regiment. We have no carbines at this time, but will have them soon.

P. H. WATSON.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The regiments I am now raising in the new quota, according to the reports of commanders of camps, stand thus: Sixty-fifth, Evansville, 800 men; Sixty-sixth, New Albany, 690 men; Sixty- seventh, Madison,

