
BOSTON, August 7, 1862-10.35 p. m.

(Received 11.45 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Our new enrollment should be by cities and towns, not by counties. By State law the assessors of the municipalities make the enrollment. Their returns for this year under the old law are on file here, but are imperfect. They will immediately commence a new enrollment under new law. The new act, unlike act of 1792, leaves no exempts from enrollment, but do you not intend to exempt certain classes? Are there not large classes of persons in other military and in civil employments, and Quakers, and the like, who should be exempt from duty? Also, new act is unconstitutional so far as it provides for officering militia, otherwise than as reserved to the States by the Federal Constitution. I propose furnishing in regiments, hoping thus to meet your demands without conscription. If requisitions were made on me for so many militia regiments instead of proposing to resort to draft here at all, I believe they could be furnished. Please arrange that credit may be given to each Massachusetts municipality for its respective proportion of its quota which has volunteered. This can best be done in Massachusetts by leaving the apportionment of the draft among the cities and towns t the discretion of the State authorities. Some cities and towns have sent many more volunteers than others. They should be proportionally guarded. This cannot be done if draft is made by counties. Your letter of August 2 was received yesterday. A statement of views in answer to its has been mailed to you to- day.

JOHN A. ANDREW.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., August 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The corps in this State cannot be secure before the last day of August, and all hands are needed for that purpose. Can we obtain volunteers until September 1 under the same advantages offered to recruits enlisting before the 18th instant? We will be ready to draft for the balance by the 1st of September/

OSCAR MALMROS,

Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, August 7, 1862-12.20 p. m.

(Received 2.35 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of Washington, D. C.:

Influential men desire to raise regiments for service during war beyond the number now called for. Will authority be given to raise additional regiments, and will recruiting for them be upon the same footing as for regiments now called for?

H. R. GAMBLE,

Governor of Missouri.

