
COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 7, 1862-9 p. m.

(Received 10.48 p. m.)

Brigadier-General BUCKINGHAM:

Most of the commands are already raised and all will be [ready] by next Tuesday for the officers in new regiments to be transferred or discharged from old, as proposed in the schedules sent to General Thomas under date of 24th and 31st ultimo. The Governor now desires the transfers as soon as possible, and promises to issue the commissions as proposed.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Adjutant-General of Ohio.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 7, 1862.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I recommend the following rules for drafting:

First. That the quota of each State under both the recent calls be fixed, and that the proportion of each arm of service be specified.

Second. That the Governors of the States be authorized to apportion the number fixed among the several counties of their respective States.

Third. That the Governors be authorized to deduct from each county's quota all who have volunteered from said county since the President's first call for 300,000, and also all who may volunteer for the three-years" service previous to the 1st of September next.

Fourth. That on the 1st day of September next the Governors be directed to make up the deficiencies by draft, by apportioning the same among the several counties in proportion to its military strength, first crediting each county with the number it may have furnished by voluntary enlistment as aforesaid.

Fifth. The draft should be made under supervision of the Governor by lot, in the presence of the auditor, treasurer, and secretary of state. The Governor should appoint officers of the rank of major to notify each drafted man in writing, fixing a day and place for report to said officer, and upon failure of any to report to detail a guard to arrest the delinquent and bring him before him. After being thus collected they should be conducted by the officer to a camp, where they should be organized into companies and regiments, or otherwise sent to the field.

Sixth. All officers should be appointed by the Governor. With these rules promptly adopted I think we can avoid a draft in Ohio.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

At the risk of fretting you I recommend the immediate appointment of a good lawyer and sound man with authority to investigate and discharge political prisoners at Camp Chase. H. H. Hunter, John W. Andrews, or Reuben Hitchcock would be safe men to restore [represent] you. I inform you that recruiting is progressing most handsomely. The twenty-two regiments will all be full by Tuesday next. Recruiting for regiments in the field is also doing well.

DAVID TOD.

