
PITTSBURG, PA., August 8, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I wrote you last night from Steubenville, but failed to get in the mail. It will not reach you before Saturday evening or Sunday morning. The following form of order, it is believed, will effectually guard all interests and be productive of great good. I submitted it to President Clement, of Cincinnati; T. L. Jewett, president Steubenville and Indiana, and J. N. McCullough, president Cleveland road, all of whom approve and desire speedy action, if it meets your approval. In my letter you will find some reasons why the necessity for action is pressing:

Whereas the President of the United States has been authorized by an act of Congress to take possession of any or all the railways of the country, and so control their facilities and employes as might to him seem needful to the interest of the Government; and as it is now important to the Government and to the general business interests of the country that the organization of all railway companies should be kept in the highest state of efficiency for service, it is

Ordered:

1. That all the officers, agents, engineers, firemen, mechanics, conductors, brakemen, and other employes that may have been in the service of the respective railway companies for at least three months previous to the date of the last call of the President for troops, the same are hereby exempted from military duty so long as they may remain in such service; provided that all agents and employes between the ages of eighteen and forty- five thus exempted from the provision of the laws authorizing drafting shall enroll themselves, under the military laws of the Government, and drill at least once each week, and shall in all cases of emergency be subject to military duty in the field when so ordered by the President.

2. Organizations under the order will be furnished arms and accouterments for drilling purposes, but will not be entitled to pay unless called into field for active service.

3. Al employes of railway companies that may refuse or neglect to enroll themselves into military organizations, as set forth in this order, within sixty days from the date thereof, and all persons that may enter the service of any railway company after the date of this order, shall not be deemed or considered as being exempt from military duties.

Very respectfully,

THOS. A. SCOTT.

PITTSBURG, August 8, 1862-6.30 p. m.

(Received 9.45 p. m.)

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The right feeling is aroused in Western Pennsylvania. We have sent five extra trains to Harrisburg to-day with volunteers, and have arrangements made for a number of extra trains to-morrow. We will hurry them forward fast as they are ready, either from Pennsylvania or Western States.

T. A. SCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 8, 1862-3.10 p. m.

His Excellency RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois, Springfield, Ill.:

Your quota of 300,000 is 26,148. Deduct excess furnished already over your quota of those in the field, leaves 9,172. Add quota of 300,000 drafted, gives 35,320 for your entire quota under both calls.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

