
BOSTON, MASS., August 8, 1862.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: I have this week visited our Massachusetts camps. Our Thirty-third and Thirty-fourth Regiments are full to maximum. As our Massachusetts regiments always march from the State armed and fully equipped, and as their first monthly pay and $25 is payable by the United States before regiments leave, several days are needed more than if mere mass of men were sent with imperfect armament and equipments. They will start Tuesday and Wednesday, flank companies attached, making each regiment more than 1,200 strong. There are 1,200 more men in one camp, and 1,000 more divided between two others. The time of many more authorized companies matures between 10th and 15th instant, when, if not complete, we merge them. Thus by 15th material of four more volunteer regiments will be in camp, which can march this month. One battery is full, awaiting armament; shall raise another forthwith. Have repressed new volunteer's quota corps beyond aggregate of 7,000 men, and encouraged balance volunteers" quota to fill our old regiments, recruitment for which goes constantly on. I sent by mail last night to General C. P. Buckingham copy of Massachusetts militia laws and remarks. If you will call on me by requisition for our quota of militia for nine-months" duty immediately, asking for so many regiments, we can answer the call in great part without draft by sending militia regiments already organized and being filled up and by recruiting others. The iron is hot; strike quick. Drafting is mechanical. The impulse of patriotism is vital and dynamic. Call for our Boston Militia Brigade under its general, Davis, a competent officer, as part of Massachusetts militia quota, communicating to us at same time number of militia regiments required for our whole quota. His brigade includes four regiments infantry, all of which if called for now for nine months can be filled to maximum, and march by 1st of September. Exclude the artillery and cavalry of brigade if you desire only infantry. I will begin a six days" encampment under State laws next Wednesday if requisition is made for brigade. This encampment can be continued right n till brigade is ready to march to war. Davis" military capacity is unquestioned. I have twice offered colonelcies of volunteers. All leading merchants here have signed agreement that their employes who enlist shall resume their employment when returned. I am confident of getting more volunteers and militia this month by enlistments and by wheeling militiamen into line than by conscription in some time. Meanwhile will be preparing machinery for the draft. Our people want nothing to spur them but assurance from Washington that enemy shall be conquered and right vindicated at all hazards by all means. They will go if the flag may but advance with all the principles it symbolizes. The enemy has spurned constitutional rights and chosen belligerents" rights. Let them have one or the other, but not both. They having elected the letter, let us give them full measure. Give them the grand inspiration of duty to country, human nature, and God, and the people are heroic, invincible, and always ready.

JNO. A. ANDREW,

Governor.

