
BOSTON, August 8, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Pleasece to Major Watson, paymaster, U. S. Army, here, instructions to pay the $13 advance to the men in our Thirty- third Regiment, which has been organized and mustered into service, and to pay the men in any of our regiments the $13 advance as son as our adjutant-general informs him the companies are organized. As the men have joined the general depot for regiments in the field, these instructions in advance will save four or five days" delay in getting off new regiments. The Thirty-third Regiment will be thus delayed until Wednesday. Telegraph to Major Watson what rolls and vouchers will be required in this case.

JNO. A. ANDREW.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 8, 1862-5.21 p. m.

Major B. F. WATSON,

Paymaster, U. S. Army, Boston, Mass.:

Your will pay the $13 advance to the men in the Thirty-third Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, which has been organized and mustered into the service, and pay the men of any Massachusetts regiment the $13 advance as soon as the adjutant-general of the State informs you the companies are organized, or the men have joined the general depot for regiments in the field.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALBANY, N. Y., August 8, 1862-1.40 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Is the Washington Arsenal supplied with equipments as well as arms for the Elmira and other regiments? I learned in New York yesterday there were at that arsenal not exceeding 16,000 sets of accouterments. Our volunteers in many parts of the State are pouring in like waters over Niagara. Will they be detained for necessary supplies?

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 8, 1862.

Major General E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York, Albany, N. Y.:

The statement to you as to the number of infantry accouterments at the Washington Arsenal is false. It must have been made by an enemy of the Government, with the object of throwing discredit upon the Ordnance Department, and the Secretary of War requests you to give the name of your informant.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

