
ROCHESTER, N. Y., August 8, 1862.

(Received 8.40 a. m. 9th.)

Hon EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Many men are leaving for Canada. Have I authority to arrest under your order as published by telegraph to-day, or shall I wait until I receive official orders?

JAS. MOONEY,

Captain, Nineteenth U. S. Infty., Acting Military Commandant.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 8, 1862.

His Excellency DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio, Columbus:

Your telegram received. Several of your suggestions have been incorporated in the system. All will be respectfully considered.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 8, 1862-11.30 a. m.

His Excellency DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio, Columbus, Ohio:

The 10,000 Enfield rifles sent to you on the 28th day of May will arm eleven regiments of 900 muskets each. Nine thousand superior Austrian rifle muskets, of .58 caliber, have been ordered to Columbus to-day to arm ten more regiments. Ten thousand common Austrian rifles were sent to distribute among the militia instead of the Enfields. We have of Springfield and Enfield arms, which are of about equal quality, a sufficient number to arm one-third of the volunteer force called out. The 10,000 Enfields you have are more than your proportion of the best arms. In a short time, when the stock of the best arms is increased, we can send you some Springfield muskets; or if the quota of Ohio is full before that of some of the other States, some of the share of Springfield muskets; or if the quota of Ohio is full before that some of the other States, some of the share of Springfield or Enfield muskets apportioned to those States can be borrowed for Ohio. The several qualities of arms are apportioned to the several States in the ratio of their respective quotas, giving to volunteers in the choice of arms the preference over drafted men.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 8, 1862-6.30 p. m.

(Received 10.30 p. m.)

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of to-day received. I have therefore reported the issue of the 10,000 Enfields of 28th May. Only 1,500 remaining. See

