
EASTON, PA., August 8, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Our county has raised its quota of call for volunteers. Have a surplus on hand and men still coming in. We want very much to fill our quota of the draft with volunteers and thus avoid the draft and furnish better men. Can we do it? Please answer. All our arrangements for recruiting in counties wait on the answer, and the excitement is high to enlist. It is unwise to check it. Do answer to-day.

A. H. REEDER.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 8, 1862-5.30 p. m.

Honorable A. H. REEDER,

Easton, Pa.:

Your telegram to the President has been referred to this Department. The General Government apportions the quota of militia force among the States, but has no regard to counties or districts. Whatever volunteer force above its ratable proportion shall be offered by a State any time before a draft is actually made, would be accepted by the Department and credited upon the draft as a proportionable reduction. It would be right for the State to make a proper allowance to any county that exceeds its proportion, but it must be left to the Executive of the State to make such arrangement.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MADISON, WIS., August 8, 1862-3 p. m.

(Received 5.10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I wish to learn, if possible, whether if we raise more than our quota of three-years" volunteers they will be credited to the State on our draft; also, whether we may continue to receive volunteers for three years till our regiments are full, after the 15th, and three-months" volunteers after that time, till drafting can commence. I shall proceed without delay to the enrolment under your order of yesterday, but it will be impossible to complete it before September 1. There will thus be nearly a month before drafting arrangements can be made. Can we then receive volunteers, as above, in that interval? If so, I presume there would be no necessity of draft, for we could raise the quota by volunteers.

E. SALOMON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 8, 1862-9.55 p. m.

His Excellency E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin, Madison:

Any surplus of three-years" volunteers will be credited on your draft. Volunteering for new regiments will cease after August 15 unless

