
otherwise ordered. It may continue for old regiments until the draft. No three-months" volunteers can be received.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 99. Washington, August 9, 1862.

REGULATIONS FOR THE ENROLLMENT AND DRAFT OF 300,000 MILITIA.

In pursuance of an order by the President of the United States, bearing date August 4, 1862, whereby it is provided that a draft of 300,000 militia be immediately called into the service of the United States to serve for nine months, unless sooner discharged, and that the Secretary of War shall assign the quotas to the States and establish regulations for the draft; also, that if any State shall not by the 15th of August furnish its quota of the additional 300,000 volunteers authorized by law, the deficiency of volunteers in that State shall also be made up by special draft from the militia, and that the Secretary of War shall establish regulations for this purpose-

It is ordered:

First. The Governors of the respective States will proceed forthwith to furnish their respective quotas of 300,000 militia called for by the order of the President, dated the 4th day of August, 1862, which quotas have been furnished to the Governors respectively by communication from this Department of this date according to the regulations hereinafter set forth.

Second. The Governors of the several States are hereby requested forthwith to designate rendezvous for the drafted militia of said States, and to appoint commandants therefor, and to notify the Secretary of War of the location of such rendezvous and the names of the commandants. It is important that the rendezvous should be few in number, and located with a view to convenience of transportation.

Third. The Governors of the respective States will cause an enrollment to be made forthwith by the assessors of the several counties, or by any other officers to be appointed by such Governors, of all able bodied male citizens between the ages of eighteen and forty-five within the respective counties, giving the name, age, and occupation of each, together with remarks showing whether he is in the service of the United States, and in what capacity, and any other facts which may determine his exemption from military duty.

All reasonable and proper expenses of such enrollment, and of the draft hereinafter provided, will be reimbursed by the United States upon vouchers showing the detailed statement of service performed and expenses incurred, to be approved by such Governors.

Fourth. Where no provision is made by law in any State for carrying into effect the draft hereby ordered, or where such provisions are in any manner defective, such draft shall be conducted as follows:

1. Immediately upon completion of the enrollment the lists of enrolled persons shall be filed in the offices of the sheriffs of the counties in which such enrolled persons reside.

2. The Governors of the several States shall appoint a commissioner for each county of their respective States, whose duty it shall be to

