
five years, and shall consent in writing (with the consent of his parent or guardian, if a minor) to subject himself to all the duties and obligations to which his principle would have been subject had he personally served, shall be accepted in lieu of such principal.

8. The persons thus drafted shall assemble at the county seat of their respective counties within five days after the time of drafting, whence transportation will be furnished them by the Governors of the several States to the place of rendezvous.

9. As soon as the draft has been made and the names marked on the enrollment lists, the commissioner will send a copy of the draft to the commandant of rendezvous, and another of the same to the adjutant-general of the State, who will immediately organize the drafted men into companies and regiments of infantry by assigning 101 men to each company, and ten companies to each regiment, and send a copy of the organization to the commandant of the rendezvous.

10. At the expiration of the time allowed for the drafted men to reach the rendezvous the commandant shall proceed to complete the organization of the companies and regiments by proclaiming the names of the regimental commissioner officers, which shall be designated in accordance with the laws of the respective States, the number and grade being the same as in the volunteer service; and in case the laws of any State shall provide for the election of officers, they shall be elected under the direction of the commandant of the rendezvous, and reported forthwith to the Governors of such States in order that they may be commissioned, and the non-commissioned officers may be appointed either before or after muster, as the colonel of the regimental shall decide.

11. As soon as the officers of the companies and regiments are designated the muster-rolls shall be made out under the direction of the commandant of the rendezvous, and the troops inspected and mustered into the service of the United States by the mustering officer appointed for that purpose.

12. In States where enlistments have been made by municipalities and towns instead of counties the Governors of such States are authorized to apply the foregoing rules of draft to such municipalities and towns instead of counties.

Fifth. Provost-marshals will be appointed by the War Department in the several States, on the nomination of the Governor thereof, with such assistants as may be necessary, to enforce the attendance of all drafted persons who shall fail to attend at such places of rendezvous.

Sixth. In case any State shall not, by the 15th day of August, furnish its quota of the additional 300,000 volunteers called for by the President on the 2nd day of July, 1862, unless otherwise ordered, all incomplete regiments shall then be consolidated,under the direction of the Governors of the respective States, and an additional draft shall be made, as before provided, sufficient to fill up such quota; the number to be drafted from each county of the State too be fixed by the Governor thereof.

Seventh. From and after the 15th day of August no new regiments of volunteers will be organized, but the premium, bounty, and advance pay will continue to be paid to those volunteering to go into the old regiments.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

