
HARRISBURG, August 9, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

In a telegraphic correspondence between Captain W. B. Lane, mustering officer, and Asst. Adjt. General W. A. Nichols, minors cannot be mustered into service without the written consent of their guardians, parents, or masters. Nearly all these minors have a verbal consent to enlist, and captains in nearly all cases are willing to make the oath to this effect. As many as thirty-five young men in one company of 100 have been rejected. They are mostly poor, and will have difficulty in getting home. In view of these facts, and the draft soon to take place, would it no be better to accept them? Nearly all of these men have or will pass medical examination, and if it is required that they have consent in writing, it will take as long to get it as it did to raise the men. The minors are now here, and have been transported at the expense of the Government. Why send them back to be drafted, and again incur the expense of transportation?

A. G. CURTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 9, 1862.

His Excellency ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg:

Your quota of 300,000 militia is 45,321. Regulations for draft will be forwarded to-day.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 9, 1862.

His Excellency WILLIAM SPRAGUE,

Governor of Rhode Island, Providence:

Your quota of 300,000 militia is 2,172. Regulations for draft will be forwarded to-day.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRATTLEBOROUGH, VT., August 9, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Under the call for 300,000 three-years" men Vermont has furnished her ninth regiment. The Tenth and Eleventh Regiments will be in camp complete on the 15th of August; also, 1,200 men to fill up old regiments will be raised by the 18th. I do not know our exact quota, but suppose that will cover it. Can you inform me immediately about what the quota of Vermont is of the 300,000 nine-months" men?

FREDK. HOLBROOK,

Governor.

