
the orders will not reach them for some days yet. If the Government will allow us to continue to receive volunteers for three years or the war, entitled to all the rights and privileges of volunteers, until we are ready to draft, I am confident that we could fill our whole quota. Is it not better to get the men in this way rather than to delay for the draft? Volunteering is very active. We shall have our five regiments full by the 15th, and would then have to stop for thirty days, except for old regiments.

E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 9, 1862.

Captain JAMES MOONEY,

Rochester, N. Y.:

You are authorized to arrest in the cases specified in the order of this Department without waiting for any further special orders.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 9, 1862.

LEVI S. REIST, Esq.,

Lancaster, Pa.:

The Governor will regulate the quotas of counties. He will no doubt give you credit for any excess raised in your county.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 10, 1862.

Brigadier General W. S. KETCHUM, U. S. Volunteers,

Acting Inspector-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The General-in-Chief directs that you proceed to Harrisburg, Philadelphia, New York, and, if necessary, to Albany, to consult with the Governor upon measures necessary to dispatch the new regiments to their destination. He also desires you to see that the bounty is paid to the troops; that they are fully equipped and armed with the greatest promptness as soon as organized, and that complete arrangements are made to forward them with dispatch. Keep the War Department and the General-in-Chief advised of the readiness of the several regiments to start and of the time they are put in march.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore, U. S. Volunteers, to proceed to New York and Albany; Brigadier General H. G. Wright, U. S. Volunteers, to proceed to Boston. Report by telegram from Boston for further instructions.)

