
WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 10, 1862.

GEORGE HARDING, Esq.,

Philadelphia:

Let the hands in the gun factory be drafted, and then such as are drawn can be discharged if they are skilled workmen.

P. H. WATSON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., August 10, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I am happy to be able to report to you that notwithstanding the head of the weather the health of the troops under my command continues as good as usual. Failing to receive authority to muster the First Regiment of South Carolina Volunteers into the service of the United States, I have disbanded them. I had hoped that not only would this regiment have been accepted, but that many similar ones would have been authorized to fill up the decimated ranks of the army and afford the aid of which the cause seems now so much in need; but having failed to receive the authority which I expected I have deemed it best to discontinue the organization.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 11, 1862.

The system of infantry tactics approved by Brigadier General Silas Casey, U. S. Army, having been approved by the President, is adopted for the instruction of the infantry of the armies of the United States, whether regular, volunteer, or militia, with the following modifications, viz:

First. That portion which requires that two companies shall be permanently detached from the battalion as skirmishers will be suspended.

Second. In title first, article first, the following will be substituted for paragraph six, viz:

A regiment is composed of ten companies, which will be habitually posted from right to left in the following order: First, sixth, fourth, ninth, third, eighth, fifth, tenth, seventh, second, according to the rank of captains.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 100. Washington, August 11, 1862.

I. So much of General Orders, Numbers 61, current series, as relates to the extension of sick-leaves of absence is hereby revoked, and no applications for such extensions need hereafter be made. The order of the President dated July 31 (General Orders, Numbers 92) fully explains

