
II. That the volunteers so raised and organized shall be entitled to and receive the bounty authorized by act of Congress in the same manner as State volunteers.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., August 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I ask for authority to raise four regiments of able-bodied men over the age of forty-five, to serve for one year in this State, Kentucky, and Missouri against guerrillas. Application is made to me for this purpose by the officers of the State Agricultural Society, who are gentlemen of high character, and who propose to enlist themselves.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 11, 1862 - 10.45 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Ripley telegraphs under date of 8th instant that he will send 3,600 Springfield muskets and 5,400 Austrian rifle muskets here to Colonel Simonson, U. S. mustering officer. Why they are sent to Colonel Simonson I know not. It is not [the] practice, and if there is any reason for it I hope it will be frankly stated. He has nobody to take care of them or any place to put them. I have had embarrassment in transacting business witch General Ripley from the beginning of the war. On the 7th of August the Assistant Secretary of War, Mr. Watson, telegraphed that 6,300 Springfield rifled muskets would be sent here. General Ripley cuts them down one-half. He also sends to Colonel Simonson a large quantity of Enfield ammunition. The colonel has no place to put it, and besides we have an arsenal here and large quantities of fixed ammunition of every kind on hand. This fact General Ripley understands. Colonel Simonson declines having anything to do with the arms or ammunition and don"t know what to do with them. They remain at the railroad depot. Colonel Simonson says he has asked to be relieved from duty here. I hope the request will be granted. He is superannuated, fretful, and slow, and not very much superior to General Ripley as a business man. The amount of business growing out of the new levies is entirely beyond his capacity.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 11, 1862.

His Excellency O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana, Indianapolis:

The general order of the Department is to place the arms for distribution in the hands of an officer of the Government who will be responsible for them. This has been rendered necessary by the extreme negligence of some of the States, by which arms have been lost and the troops unequipped. But where, as in Indiana, the distribution of arms

