
be made in addition to what can be raised by volunteering. It would be unfair to receive nine-months" volunteers and pay them the bounty even if it did not greatly increase the national expense; but all volunteers for the war who will go into the old regiments will be paid the bounty and will be accepted.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CONFIDENTIAL.] BOSTON, August 11, 1862.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN:

I can"t get those regiments off because I can"t get quick work out of the U. S. disbursing officer and the paymaster, and I can"t start our men in violation of my authorized proclamation and promises. Everybody here is alive. Men swarm our camps. We will raise regiments untili you cry, hold! But why not turn over the funds to me, and we will disburse and account for them and stop delays? I anxiously wait reply to my telegram of last Friday.

JNO. A. ANDREW.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 11, 1862.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

Answer to your telegram of the 8th to the President has been delayed in order to obtain information from some other States as to the condition of enlistments. Requisitions for enlistment and bounty fund were detained some days in the Treasury unavoidably; but I am informed that the amount required for your State has gone forward. They are also as well provided with arms as was in the power of the Government. Your energy and success have been highly gratifying. I see no objection to making the call upon your State for militia in the manner indicated by you, especially if it will hasten the arrival of the troops; but I do not see how we can call for any specific brigade. You can turn over the regiments constituting Davis" brigade as a part of the call. If it be material that they should be under the command of General Davis, he might be commissioned as brigadier in the U. S. service, and assigned to their command. For this I would be willing to stipulate. Time is of the utmost consequence in the organization.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, August 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

MYolunteers called for by the President's proclamation of July 2, to be commanded by our most distinguished and energetic citizens, who are not, however, in all cases, of military experience, are rapidly progressing to completion.

The necessity of having experienced officers to fill the positions of lieutenant-colonel and major is of the utmost importance in the work of organization, and I would therefore most earnestly urge upon you

23 R R - SERIES III, VOL II

