
to request our generals in the field to make a detail of twenty- five captains to report to me without delay for assignment to the offices above referred to.

With much esteem, your obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN.

ALBANY, N. Y., August 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I respectfully recommend that the time fixed to draft for the purpose of filling up the quota of this State of 300,000 volunteers for three years, called by the President on the 2nd of July, be extended from the 15th to the 30th August. It will take fifteen days at least to correct the enrollment books and complete the draft - a longer time than will be required to fill our quota by volunteers, and place most of the volunteers in service.

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York.

ALBANY, N. Y., August 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Will the Government accept any excess of three-years" volunteers above the quota of this State called for under the proclamation of the President of July 2, 1862, in lieu of an equal number of militia drafted for nine months? This change will be both popular and effective, and I regard it very important. If granted, I shall hope to raise all the troops called for from this State by voluntary enlistment and for three years. Delegations from several parts of State now here waiting answer.

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 11, 1862.

Governor MORGAN,

Albany:

The subject of your telegram received to-day has been under careful examination for some days. If the whole 300,000 called for by the draft could be promptly obtained by volunteers, and as quickly as by draft, it might be unnecessary to make the draft. The quota of volunteers called for and now filled up in several of the States comprehends only the allotment to new regiments, leaving the old regiment unfilled. It is designed to receive volunteers to fill up the old regiments, and any excess after they are filled will be credited to the State as so much on the draft; and if enough volunteer to fill up the old regiments, that perhaps might dispense with the draft. The Department will receive volunteers for old regiments to the time the draft is made. The estimates and returns of the Adjutant-General's Office show that 54,120 men are required from your State to fill its old regiments. Can you raise more than that amount by volunteers in addition to what you have raised?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

