
COLUMBUS, August 11, 1862.

(Received 2.58 a. m. 12th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The three-months" Ohio regiments - Eighty-fourth, now at Cumberland, Md.; the Eighty-sixth, now at Clarksburg, Va., and the Eighty-seventh, at Harper's Ferry - are good regiments. With proper effort they could be converted into three-years" regiments. Will you authorize me to make the effort?

DAVID TOD.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

We have but two mustering officers in the State - Captains Dod and Breslin. They both have office engagements that should and do occupy all their time. We shall have 20,000 ready for muster this week. Please relieve me. There has been great negligence on the part of your quartermaster in supplying camp equipage and clothing. From present indications they will be out of everything.

DAVID TOD.

COLUMBIS, OHIO, August 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I desire the following modifications of General Thomas" order of the 9th instant, relative to drafting:

First. So that all duties required of the sheriffs of the several counties be transferred to the auditors thereupon. This is rendered necessary to conform to our laws on the subject of enrollment.

Second. That the time for recruiting be extended ten days, as by that time we will be able to raise all of Ohio's quota under both calls by voluntary enlistment for three years.

Third. That the quota of Ohio under the call of July 2 be fixed.

Fourth. That I be authorized to fix the number for drafting from each county to fill both calls, as I wish to give each county credit for all its volunteers enlisting since the 2nd of July, 1862.

Fifth. It is indispensably necessary that the Governor appoint all the officers of the companies and regiments.

Sixth. Claims of exemption should be made after draft, first drafting a sufficient surplus number to meet the exigency - this to avoid the gathering of all the lame, halt, and blind in the county.

Recruiting for the old regiments has progressed finely within the first few days. My enrollments will not be finished for a week or ten days.

DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio.

COLUMBIS, August 11, 1862 - 8 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch of 9th received. Appreciating your confidence and kindness, I desire that Captain Dod, mustering officer here, be directed by telegraph to turn over to Quartermaster-General Wright the arms and accouterments sent to him for Ohio troops. You will further oblige me by directing that hereafter all ordnance stores for Ohio be sent to General Wright. You can depend upon judicious

