
issue and prompt accountability. Please see General Wright's requisition on General Ripley of 5th instant, and his telegraph by my order of 8th instant to P. H. Watson, Assistant Secretary of War, and order completion of issue asked for at earliest possible moment.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

HARRISBURG, PA., August 11, 1862.

General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

About 17,000 volunteers reported here, and regiments will commence organizing to-day. Clothing and equipage on hand and arriving, but neither ordnance nor ordnance stores received.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General, Acting Inspector-General.

HARRISBURG, August 11, 1862.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

I notice in your dispatch to Honorable A. H. Reeder you say, in answer to his question whether allowance will be made to districts in advance of quota when a draft for volunteers is made, that it would be right for the State to make proper allowance to any county that exceeds its proportion. I am of your opinion, and will be obliged if you will indicate the authority for such action.

A. G. CURTIN.

PITTSBURG, PA., August 11, 1862 - 1.20 p. m. .

(Received 2.55 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

The quota of Allegheny County of the first requisition of 300,000 volunteers is filled. This county can furnish its quota of volunteers for the additional requisition of 300,000 if it can be arranged to have them raised in place of the proposed draft of militia. Allegheny County is all alive with enthusiasm, and I ama very desirous we should be permitted to go in the shape of volunteers. It is, moreover, vastly important to our industrial interests, when so much skilled labor is employed, that an indiscriminate draft should be avoided if possible. We have in some of our establishments a class of citizens the products of whose labor is of the greatest importance to the Government as well as to the public at large, and that class of laborers if diverted from their present occupation cannot be supplied without sending abroad for them. Cannot you do something for location like ours?

THOS. M. HOWE,

President of Committee.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 11, 1862.

Honorable THOMAS M. HOWE,

Pittsburg:

The General Government makes its call upon the respective States, and cannot apportion the call among the counties. That can only be

