
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 11, 1862.

Governor SALOMON,

Madison, Wis.:

Authority to grant passes has been vested in the Governors of States. They are the proper persons to exercise it. You can delegate it to any competent person in your State if unable to exercise it in person.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 12, 1862.

THOMAS A. SCOTT, Esq.,

Philadelphia:

Locomotive engineers are exempted. If any other employes should be drafted, who being experts cannot be spared, the Government will discharge them, as has heretofore been done, on the ground that their mechanical service is more valuable than service in the field. But the l ist of exemptions from draft cannot be extended.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, August 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith for your information a copy of dispatch Numbers 6, received from the consul of the United States at Manchester, England, in relation to the desire on the part of many thousands of sturdy men to migrate to this country, with some suggestions upon the subject. I also inclose a printed circular, Numbers 19, issued by this Department.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

U. S. CONSULATE,

Manchester, England, July 26, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I deem it my duty to acquaint you with the fact that a large number of English subjects offer their services at the consulate under the impression that they will be received and forwarded to serve in the American armies. Many of these find their way over at their own expense, and already calls are almost daily made upon the undersigned, for advice, by weeping women whose husbands or whose sons have fallen upon some of the bloody fields of recent battles. If perfectly consistent with international obligations, and if otherwise desirable on the part of the United States, a little encouragement to emigration would cause the transit of many thousands of sturdy men, who, in the present state of industrial avocations and under the general hard conditions of existence in the Old World, only lack the necessary $ 20, possessing which they would flock to our shores. Since

