
$ 25 of our soldiers" bounty money is now (I believe) paid in advance, if, say, $ 20 of this could be used in a few of the English, Irish, and other European ports, in the form of a ticket for passage, under such regulations as would prevent, so far as practicable, abuse on the part of the recipient and avoid objections on the part of European Governments, there would be no end to the numbers that would thankfully avail themselstance, and when the great rebellion shall have been crushed, these would become perhaps all the better citizens of our country for having exposed their lives to sustain its integrity. If this subject is worthy of consideration at all, I would say, further, that such tickets for passage should be given by the proper officer after the ship leaves her moorings, and she should be visited in American waters before landing, to have the men properly enlisted.

Your very obedient servant,

HENRY W. LORD,

Consul.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] CIRCULAR DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 8, 1862. Numbers 19.

To the Diplomatic and Consular Officers of the United States in Foreign Countries:

At no former period of our history have our agricultural, manufacturing, or mining interests been more prosperous than at this juncture. This fact may be deemed surprising in view of the enhanced price for labor, occasioned by the demand for the rank and file of the armies of the United States. It may, therefore, be confidently asserted that, even now, nowhere else can the industrious laboring man and artisan expect so liberal a recompense for his services as in the United States. You are authorized and directed to make these truths known in any quarter and in any way which may lead to the migration of such persons to this country. It is believed that a knowledge of them will alone suffice to cause them to be acted upon. The Government has no legal authority to offer any pecuniary inducements to the advent of industrious foreigners.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Dover, Del., August 12, 1862 - 7 a. m.

(Received 8.30 a. m.)

Adjt. General L. THOMAS:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 9th instant, being General Orders, Numbers 99, regulating the enrollment and draft of 300,000 militia:

In pursuance of an order by the President of the United States, bearing date August 4, 1862, whereby it is provided that a draft of 300,000 militia be immediately called into the service of the United States to serve for nine months, unless sooner discharged, and that the Secretary of War shall assign the quotas to the States and establish regulations for the draft; also, that if any State shall not by the 15th of August furnish its quota of the additional 300,000 volunteers authorized by law, the deficiency of volunteers in that State shall also be made up by special draft from the militia, and that the Secretary of War shall establish regulations for this purpose.

Be assured that I will comply with all the regulations stated in said dispatch to the best of my ability. As we have no militia law now

