
in force in this State, I labor under some disadvantages, but before the expiration of the present week I contemplate appointing enrolling officers, rendezvous, and commandants thereof, commissioners to hear causes of exemption, and all other officers which, by said order, I am directed to appoint. It is possible that in the multiplicity of my official engagements I may not be able to do all that I contemplate doing during the present week, but at all events I will do it as soon as possible, and will from time to time notify the War Department of what I have done in pursuance of said orders.

WILLIAM BURTON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 12, 1862.

His Excellency WILLIAM BURTON,

Governor of Delaware, Dover:

Your telegram received. Please state whether any officers have been appointed under the instructions forwarded you from this Department, and who they are.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, August 12, 1862 - 2 a. m.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Governor Yates directs me to inform you that thousands of volunteers are rushing to our camps, and no adequate provision has been made to supply them with camp and garrison equipage, clothing, and arms. What shall be done with them?

ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 12, 1862.

His Excellency RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois, Springfield:

Your telegram referring to regiments of men over forty-five received.* No positive answer can be given until the force now called for is raised. After that the question will be considered. Other propositions of the same kind have been made.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 12, 1862 - 9.30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have eleven camps in the State, in each of which there are between 1,000 and 2,000 men. These men I want to bring here and organize

---------------

* See August 11, p. 351.

---------------

