
and get ready for the field, but the men have been promised their bounties and advance pay, which they want to leave for their families. Colonel Simonson says he cannot do the business without at least half a dozen assistants, who should be business men, and not young lieutenants. He has no money with which to pay bounties. I have borrowed the money to pay one regiment that leaves to-day for Kentucky, and will borrow more if possible. The failure to pay bounties and advance pay at the time fixed in the order is making great dissatisfaction.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 12, 1862 - 9.50 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Will you not empower me to appoint officers to muster in troops and pay bounties? Colonel Simonson desires it expressly, and has so telegraphed to General Thomas.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 12, 1862 - 4.15 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

The term of enlistment of volunteers for short time, say thirty and sixty and ninety days, is about to expire. They were authorized as guard for rebel prisoners and for service in Kentucky, growing out of Morgan's raid. Will your order the paymaster here to pay them?

O. P. MORTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 21, 1862 - 8.20 p. m.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

Order has been given the Paymaster-General as you desire. If your short-term regiments would go in for the three years, I would date back their time to the original muster and allow them the bounty. Can you not keep them in the service on this condition? Governor Tod is doing it.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 12, 1862 - 8.45 p. m.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

I would gladly authorize you to pay bounties and make disbursements so as [to] overcome the inefficiency of army officers by your vigor, but the law forbids it. Officers are disbursing agents under the law; you would not be. A requisition placing money in the hands of a State officer would be rejected by the Treasury. Similar applications have from necessity been refused.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

