
DAVENPORT, IOWA, August 12, 1862.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

There are 300 men in Scott County already enlisted above quota under first call of 300,000 men. Can they be received as volunteers, and will they be allowed bounty by Government, and will the rule operate generally? Answer to be sent to Davenport and Clinton.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 12, 1862.

Adjt. General N. B. BAKER,

Davenport, also Clinton, Iowa:

Your Scott County men and all who may volunteer will be received, provided they go into the old regiments, and they will be allowed bounty, and thus save a special draaft that will otherwise have to [be] made to fill up the old regiments. But they will not be received after the 15th for new regiments.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

DAVENPORT, August 12, 1862 - 8.45 p. m.

(Received 9.30 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Will Colonel Byam's Temperance Regiment and Colonel O"Connor's Irish regiment be allowed longer than the 15th instant to fill up? I will have ten regiments instead of five under your requisition of July 8 by telegraph. They will be full this week. You must accept them as volunteers. They enlisted to escape the disgrace of a draft, as they conceive it, and it will not do to refuse them. Answer immediately.

SAML. J. KIRKWOOD.

AUGUSTA, ME., August 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

My request is not to raise volunteers for nine months and have bounties paid them, but have towns allowed to furnish their quotas of the nine-months" men by raising the men by voluntary enlistment, preventing a draft in such towns, and the men to receive no bounty, and to be treated as drafted men in all respects.

I. WASHBURN, JR.,

Governor of Maine.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 12, 1862.

Governor WASHBURN,

Augusta, Me.:

Colonel Plaisted has leave to remain as long as you require his services. Pray do not send any such person as Blaine to represent you or transact business with the Department, if you can avoid it. Whenever there is any delay in answering a dispatch of yours, it is because the subject is under consideration by the Government, or

