
ALBANY, August 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

No regiment will leave to-day, but Colonel Van Valkenburgh's Elmira regiment is expected to move to-morrow. Balance of State bounty is being paid that reigment to-day at Elmira. Rochester regiment is ordered to leave Monday.

E. D. MORGAN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 12, 1862 - 9.15 p. m.

Governor MORGAN,

Albany:

I rejoice that one regiment is in motion. For Heaven's sake keep them moving. If there is any delay or deficiency on the part of any Government officer, please report immediately, that he may be dismissed. Your inquiry as to extra number in regiments will be answered to-morrow.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 12, 1862.

General GEORGE B. WRIGHT,

Quartermaster-General of Ohio, Columbus:

The correspondence of the War Department shows that the Governors of nearly every State appear to be suspicious that the War Department will be partial in the distribution of arms, and not give his State his fair distributive share of the best. The whole number of arms of each kind is taken and apportioned to the several States according to the number of regiments which they are respectively called upon to furnish. They are charged with all the arms they have respectively received since the 1st of May. The Springfield and Enfield muskets are considered by the States generally, and by the troops, of equivalent value. But we divide each kind, and assign the proper share of each, except in the case of Ohio and Iowa, both of which received an undue share of Enfield rifles in May. Ohio has probably lost some of hers, and therefore 6,300 Springfield arms have been sent to arm seven regiments. Colonel Burbank will return the 5,000 Enfields sent to him this week, and instead of them, he is authorized to draw as many Prussian smooth-bores from the Louisville Arsenal, which are efficient weapons, and for militia home guards are as good as anything else. There have been but 22,000 Springfield rifles in the Washington Arsenal, I regret to say, notwithstanding you count 80,000. I wish you could count the Springfields sent to Ohio by the same multiplying rule. We have in Washington Arsenal a large number of Springfield smooth-bore muskets, an excellent arm, that we could supply. The maximum number of men to carry muskets in a regiment is 950, but in the States generally 900 muskets are rather more than they have men to carry, excluding the necessary details to attend to camp equipage and duty. If any more than that number should be required, they can be supplied by the ordnance officer at the headquarters at which the troops rendezvous preparatory to going into the field.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

