
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 12, 1862.

Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

I am very anxious to have the regiments you mentioned* retained in the service, and authorize you to take any measures you may deem proper for that purpose. As an inducement to them I will consider their enlistment as dating back to the original mustering into service, and they will be allowed the bounty. Please advise me what measures you take, and it should be done early.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 12, 1862.

His Excellency DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio, Columbus:

In reply to your telegram of yesterday, I am instructed to say:

First. The duty assigned to sheriffs may be committed to auditors. The regulations are only intended to supply deficiency of State laws, not to set them aside.

Second. The time for recruiting for new regiments must cease on the 15th, but recruiting for old regiments may continue until the draft, and if, when added to the new regiments, the number exceeds the entire quota of the first call (36,858), the surplus will be credited on the draft.

Third. The quota of Ohio under the call of July 2 is the same as under the last call. The part called for July 7 was for new regiments, leaving the balance of the quota to fill the old regiments.

Fourth. You are authorized to assign the quotas to each county. See article 6, general order.

Fifth. The appointment of officers of militia must bhe constitution and laws of the State as provided by the Constitution of the United States.

Sixth. The plan you suggest was duly considered and weighed before the order. The reasons for purging the lists first were thought to be strongest. This opinion is not changed.

Let the proceedings for draft move on without interruption. Use every effort to fill the old regiments.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 12, 1862.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

It is very important for some regiments to arrive here at once. What lack you from us? What can we do to expedite matters? Answer.

A. LINCOLN.

---------------

* See August 11, p. 355.

---------------

