
[HARRISBURG, PA., August 12, 1862.]

General H. W. HALLECK:

I am informed that a State law prevents the Governor sending Pennsylvania troops out of the State unless supplied with arms and ammunition. As fast as organized and armed the regiments will be dispatched. Ammunition and accouterments are here, but no muskets.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General, Acting Inspector-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 12, 1862.

General KETCHUM,

Harrisburg:

If arms and ammunition should not arrive by to-night you will forward the organized regiments as rapidly as possible, to be armed here. Any who have not received their bounty will receive it here. Troops are so necessary here that there must be no delay.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BRATTLEBOROUGH, VT., August 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I desire time extended to September 1 for recruiting volunteers to fill old Vermont regiments. They can readily be filled better with volunteers than drafted in. Our people will probably voluntarily furnish Vermont's quota of nine-months" men within twenty-five or thirty days. Drafts not necessary. I cannot keep up with our people. Our five regiments of nine-months" men will be ready before the Government can clothe, arm, and equip them. Please answer about extension.

FREDK. HOLBROOK,

Governor of Vermont.

BRATTLEBOROUGH, VT., August 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

A telegram to me from Lieutenant James M. Warner says General Halleck will grant an application for him for colonel, but refuses for lieutenant-colonel. I hereby appoint him colonel of the Eleventh Vermont Regiment, provided the War Department consents and he can report here for duty within two days. The regiment will all come in camp here Thursday, and the colonel is needed that day. I am furnishing Government some superior regiments, and hope you will aid in obtaining suitable officers. Please answer to-day.

FREDK. HOLBROOK.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 12, 1862.

Governor HOLBROOK,

Brattleborough, Vt.:

Order has been given to detail Colonel Warner, as requested by you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

