
MADISON, WIS., August 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

About one-half of the able-bodied men between eighteen and forty- five years in this State are foreign born. They have declared their intention to become citizens of the United States. Have the right to vote under our State constitution if twenty-one years old. Have enjoyed and are enjoying all the privileges of citizens. Are they liable to be drafted? They should be liable. Great injustice will be done to our State if they are exempt, and our quota would be too large if they are exempt. Cannot those who are not willing to subject themselves to draft be ordered to leave the country? Answer this immediately. I must have the time for volunteering extended, as asked for by my dispatches of Saturday and yesterday. Please answer them.

E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 12, 1862.

Governor SALOMON,

Madison, Wis.:

Foreigners who have voted at our elections are regarded as having exercised a franchise that subjects them to military duty. Declaration of intention to become naturalized is not of itself sufficient to prevent their taking advantage of their alienage, but a man who votes must bear arms. Your telegram respecting extension of time for volunteering cannot be answered until to- morrow, some information from different States being required.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MADISON, WIS., August 12, 1862 - 1.43 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Have arrangements been made in relation to arms for the new regiments? We hear as yet of none being sent for our regiments coming into camp, concerning which I have already addressed the Department. Further as to the drafted regiments, how soon will the Department supply the arms for them?

E. SALOMON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 12, 1862.

His Excellency E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin, Madison:

Arms have been sent for your troops and are now on their way unless they have arrived. They were sent to Major R. S. Smith, Twelfth Infantry, at Madison. As you request, leave of absence is granted to Colonel Cobb until the 30th instant.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

24 R R - SERIES III, VOL II

