
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 104. Washington, August 13, 1862.

The following orders are published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

I. WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 8, 1862.

By direction of the President of the United States, it is hereby ordered that until further order no citizen liable to be drafted into the militia shall be allowed to go to a foreign country. And all marshals, deputy marshals, and military officers of the United States are directed, and all police authorities, especially at the ports of the United States, on the sea-board, and on the frontier, are requested to see that this order is faithfully carried into effect. And they are hereby authorized and directed to arrest and detain any person or persons about to depart from the United States in violation of this order, and report to Major L. C. Turner, judge-advocate, at Washington City, for further instructions respecting the person or persons so arrested or detained.

2. Any person liable to draft who shall absent himself from his county or State before such draft is made will be arrested by any provost-marshal or other United States or State officer wherever he may be found within the jurisdiction of the United States, and be conveyed to the nearest military post or depot and placed on military duty for the term of the draft; and the expenses of his own arrest and conveyance to such post or depot and also the sum of $ 5 as a reward to the officer who shall make such arrest shall be deducted from his pay.

3. The writ of habeas corpus is hereby suspended in respect to all persons so arrested and detained and in respect to all persons arrested for disloyal practices.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

II. WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 11, 1862.

The temporary restrictions upon traveling, deemed necessary to prevent evasions of liability to be drafted into the militia, were not intended to apply to couriers with dispatches to and from the legations of friendly powers in the United States. All authorities, civil and military, are consequently required to allow such couriers to pass freely, without let or molestation.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 13, 1862.

Major-General WOOL,

Baltimore:

The Secretary of War directs that you immediately repair to Harrisburg and send to this place all the volunteers mustered into service, and direct the prompt mustering in of all at that place. Governor Curtin has over 30,000 stand of arms which, it is reported, he refuses to issue. If so, take them and issue them. Take with you such officers as you may require for this duty. It is of the utmost importance to have prompt action. Replace by infantry the unmounted cavalry regiment at Havre de Grace and send it here. We have horses, &amp; c., ready to mount it.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 13, 1862.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Corinth:

You will immediately repair to Indianapolis and Columbus and assist the Governors of Ohio and Indiana in getting the volunteers

