
The several State authorities have been advised to hut the troops at the various camps of rendezvous, and the attempt will be made to supply those who go into active service with shelter tents, which must be made of some other material than cotton. Importation from abroad by the successful bidders will soon supply the demand.

The supply of blankets is also short, and I fear difficulty in procuring the full stock. Public notice, however, will bring to the assistance of the Department all the manufacturing power of the country, and the deficit must be made up by importation from abroad.

I expect some complaint, but no considerable delay, in the organization and equipment of the troops.

The stock on hand is extraordinarily large, which is fortunate, in view of the sudden call, and, though not sufficient to equip fully 600,000 men, it will go far toward it.

The cost of the first equipment of these 600,000 new levies, exclusive of wagons, horses, &amp; c., may be estimated at about $ 48,000,000.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 16, 1862.

Referred to the General-in-Chief, to report whether the provisions of the Quartermaster-General are adequate, and whether any, and what, instructions should be given for further supplies.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

AUGUST 23, 1862.

From these reports and verbal communications from the Quartermaster-General, I am satisfied that his department is making every possible exertion to procure supplies, and I do not think that any special instructions are necessary at present.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 13, 1862.

Colonel TAYLOR,

Chief of the Commissary Department:

SIR: You will please report -

First. Whether your department has made any, and what, provision for the supply of the new volunteer and drafted troops called for by the President's recent orders.

Second. Whether your supplies will be adequate for the armies in the field and for 300,000 volunteers and 300,000 drafted militia.

Third. Whether any or further instructions or authority are required to enable you to furnish the supplies required for the above purposes.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Quartermaster-General.)

