
AUGUST 13, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In reply to yours of this date as to whether this department has made any, and what, provisions for the supply of the new volunteers and draft troops called for by the President under recent orders, I have the honor to state that the only steps taken have been to endeavor to supply funds to he mustering officers and officers of this department for the loyal States to enable them to subsist the volunteers from the date of the regiments being mustered into service until they depart for the seat of war. The depots for the supply of the troops in the field being well supplied, it is believed that ample time will be given to procure all subsistence stores that may be required, provided funds can be furnished. On one point alone are instructions from your Department necessary, and that is in relation to raising, organizing, &amp; c., the draft. Permit me most respectfully to suggest that their mode of supply and source from which paid for should be the same as for volunteers.

J. P. TAYLOR.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 13, 1862.

Governor ISRAEL WASHBURN,

Augusta, Me.:

SIR: You are requested to notify this Department as soon as possible how many volunteers are enlisted at 12 o"clock to-day under the call of July 2 for 300,000. If you cannot give the exact figures, give as close an approximation as possible. The information is wanted for making some estimates.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Governors Nathaniel S. Berry, Concord, N. H.; Frederick Holbrook,, Brattleborough, Vt.; William A. Buckingham, Hartford, Conn.; John A. Andrew, Boston, Mass.; William Sprague, Providence, R. I.; E. D. Morgan, Albany, N. Y.; Andrew G. Curtin, Harrisburg, Pa.; Charles S. Olden, Trenton, N. J.; William Burton, Dover, Del.; David Tod, Columbus, Ohio; O. P. Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.; Richard Yates, Springfield, Ill.; Alexander Ramsey, Saint Paul, Minn.; Austin Blair, Detroit, Mich.; Edward Salomon, Madison, Wis.; Samuel J. Kirkwood, Davenport, Iowa; A. W. Bradford, Annapolis, Md.; F. H. Peirpoint, Wheeling, Va.; Honorable J. B. Temple, president Military Board, Frankfort, Ky.)

HARTFORD, CONN., August 13, 1862.

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In addition to the three-years" volunteers we shall have 7,000 militia early in September.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor.

