
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Dover, Del., August 13, 1862.

(Received 8.30 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your telegram of this day is received. In order to comply with your request, I immediately upon the reception of your telegram, through my secretary of State, telegraphed to Colonel Arthur H. Grimshaw, of the city of Wilmington, commanding the Fourth Delaware Regiment, for information. Colonel Grimshaw replied to me that he had mustered in and paid bounties to 330 men at 12 m., and had enlisted, say, 400 men, and referred to Major Judd, of the U. S. Army, at Wilmington, for facts. If there are any more volunteers enlisted in this State under call of July 2 for 300,000, I possess no official knowledge of the fact, and presume that no more have been enlisted, as Colonel Grimshaw is the only man at the present time authorized to raise a regiment in this State, so far as I have any official information.

WILLIAM BURTON,

Governor of Delaware.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., August 13, 1862 - 1.20 p. m.

(Received 7.50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Thirty thousand, at the lowest estimate made, of volunteers now enrolled in this State. Muster was not all in, but the above estimate I think reliable. Our quotas under both calls will be full by 15th.

By order of Governor Yates:

ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 13, 1862 - 1 p. m.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

Bishop Ames has just delivered your letter relating to drafts. The order of the Department was designed only as a guide where there was no law or system. Your own system having been adopted, and being more suitable to your State, you are authorized to proceed according to that instead of the Order Numbers 99.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 13, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

From present indications I shall have 25,000 men in camp by Saturday morning. Unless a large force is sent to aid Colonel Simonson great trouble will be experienced. I hope that something will be done immediately. The Seventieth Regiment, being of the new quota, left for Kentucky this morning.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

