
it is true that floating batteries will be useful auxiliaries in many cases, and in some cases our only safe resort, it is equally true that their expensiveness to build and to maintain and their certainty of decay exact that we rely in general upon works ashore, where, for the same outlay, ten times the amount of artillery may be arrayed, with imperishable cover, impenetrable to guns afloat.

The conclusions to which these considerations point, and which might be much more clearly and fully elaborated, are such as the following:

That the plans of our sea-board batteries, of the simplest possible character, cannot be improved essentially.

That the materials being the strongest, most indestructible, imperishable, and cheapest possible, no change can be made in them with advantage.

That iron has been freely used for years past to guard the thinnest and most exposed parts of these batteries, and its further use is perfectly easy on the existing works to any extent, and is a question of economy merely. It will be applies whenever needed. The walls may be entirely iron-covered.

That all the changes in ordnance and projectiles are greatly in favor of land batteries and against vessels in any combat between the two.

That guns of unlimited size can readily be mounted and covered on land.

That no vessel can be built and floated that will not be penetrable to projectiles from such guns.

That one shot rightly delivered will probably sink the vessel, while the fort cannot be seriously injured by the return fire of the vessel.

That the methods of naval warfare cannot avail in such a contest. That all the best results of modern science, skill, and experience are incorporated into these defenses as soon as those results are found to be reliable.

That while forts can now, as always heretofore, be readily reduced by land batteries, they cannot be reduced, when duly armed and manned, by vessels.

That the use of steam is a very great and the only exclusive advantage which modern times have afforded to vessels.

That this advantage can be countervailed only by increasing the number and especially the calibers of guns of land batteries.

That the need of a full supply of guns for our forts is very great. The want of them id dangerous.

That large calibers are insisted upon, and to be furnished immediately.

The resolution is returned herewith.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your furnished servant,

JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Colonel of Engineers.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Washington, May 13, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The proposition of Messrs. Hitchcock &amp; Hansell for the manufacture of wrought-iron cannon of large size, which you referred to this office, has been examined, and I have the honor to report that numerous attempts have been made to manufacture such cannon

