
control of them, and not regard Governor Curtin's orders. The quartermaster will furnish transportation.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 13, 1862.

Brigadier-General KETCHUM,

Harrisburg:

General Wool has been ordered by the Secretary of War to Harrisburg, to enforce the arming and dispatch of the volunteers. General Gillmore has been sent to New York and Albany in your place. You will, therefore, not leave Pennsylvania till you get further orders. You are authorized to take the most summary measures which may be necessary to push forward the troops. The railroad must give them the preference, and, if necessary, exclude all other passengers.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MADISON, WIS., August 13, 1862 - 2.45 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch received. From the best information at hand, I think that the five regiments called for from this State under the first call are full. By the 16th they will be full, and one or two surplus regiments. If we can have till September 1 to receive volunteers we shall fill our whole second call with three-years" volunteers, and I earnestly desire such extension. We cannot put the machinery for drafting in operation before 15th of September.

E. SALOMON.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 105. Washington, August 14, 1862.

The inspection of all cavalry forces, preparatory to their being mustered into the service of the United States, shall hereafter comprise, in addition to the usual personal examination, a test of horsemanship, to be made under the direction of the mustering officer; and no person shall be mustered into the cavalry service who does not exhibit good horsemanship and a practical knowledge of the ordinary care and treatment of horses.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 14, 1862.

ORDER RESPECTING VOLUNTEERS AND MILITIA.

Ordered:

First. That after the 15th of this month bounty and advanced pay shall not be paid to volunteers for any new regiments, but only to

