
volunteers for regiments now in the field and volunteers to fill up new regiments now organizing but not yet full.

Second. Volunteers to fill up the new regiments now organizing will be received and paid the bounty and advanced pay until the 22nd day of this month, and if not completed by that time the incomplete regiments will be consolidated and superfluous officers mustered out.

Third. Volunteers to fill up the old regiments will be received and paid the bounty and advance pay until the 1st day of September.

Fourth. The draft for 300,000 militia, called for by the President, will be made on Wednesday, the 3rd day of September, between the hours of 9 a. m. and 5 p. m., and continued from day to day, between the same hours, until completed.

Fifth. If the old regiments should not be filled up by volunteers before the 1 st day of September, a special draft will be ordered for the deficiency.

Sixth. The exigencies of the service require that officers now in the field should remain with their commands, and no officer now in the field, in the regular or volunteer service, will under any circumstances be detailed to accept a new command.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 14, 1862.

ADDITIONAL REGULATIONS FOR THE ENROLLMENT AND DRAFT OF MILITIA.

Ordered:

Eighth. That in filling all requisitions for militia, the quotas of the several States will be apportioned by the Governors among the several counties, and (where practicable) among the subdivisions of counties, so that allowance shall be made to such counties and subdivisions for all volunteers theretofore furnished by them and mustered into the service of the nd whose stipulated term of service shall not have expired.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 14, 1862.

Governor FREDERICK HOLBROOK,

Brattleborough, Vt.:

SIR: If you have not reported the number of volunteers in reply to my telegram of yesterday, please do so to-day, as reports are wanted immediately to determine important questions.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Governors William Sprague, Providence, R. I.; E. D. Morgan, Albany, N. Y.; Charles S. Olden, Trenton, N. J.; Alexander Ramsey, Saint Paul, Minn.; Samuel J. Kirkwood, Davenport, Iowa; F. H. Peirpoint, Wheeling, Va.)

