
hence cannot be ready for the draft before the 1st day of September. I send Governor Dennison to see you on this subject of draft to-morrow.

DAVID TOD.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 14, 1862 - 10.50 p. m.

(Received 12.10 a. m. 15th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have over 20,000 men in camp, without blankets or clothing. They can be purchased in Cincinnati. It is due to my gallant boys that your order them purchased. These were all ordered by me on the 7th of July. I know not where the fault is, and it is well that I do not, for I would whip the fellow were he as strong as Methuselah.

DAVID TOD.

HARRISBURG, PA., August 14, 1862.

(Received 10.30 p. m.)

General HALLECK and

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Two regiments - clothed and armed, and will leave to-night or to- morrow morning - at this place and at Lancaster; 10,300 have been mustered into service. The thirteen companies at Lancaster will be here to-morrow. Blankets expected.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 14, 1862.

His Excellency FREDERICK HOLBROOK,

Governor of Vermont, Brattleborough, Vt.:

SIR: The Secretary of War instructs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 30th ultimo in relation to furnishing the Tenth and Eleventh Regiments of Vermont Volunteers with Springfield rifled muskets, and complaining of the Austrian arms which were furnished to your Ninth Regiment and afterward exchanged. In reply, you are respectfully informed that the Government is not at present in a situation to furnish more than one-third of the men under the first call with what are commonly called the best guns, and that the State of Vermont has received always more than her share in proportion to the number at present on hand and the number of troops in the other State to be supplied. The Springfield guns given to your Ninth Regiment, in exchange for other arms, were given as an acknowledgment of their patriotic ardor in coming forward first in answer to the call. As to the Austrian guns referred to in your letter, they are deemed by competent military officers to be an excellent arm and but little inferior to the Springfield musket. However, it may be stated generally that the Department expects soon to be able to furnish all the troops with arms of the best quality, and that it would be glad to do so now if the arms were on hand or to be procured. Your Excellency may rest assured that the full share due to Vermont of the best arms now in the possession of the Government, or that may

