
be hereafter obtained, shall be apportioned to the gallant volunteers of your State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WOODSTOCK, VT., August 14, 1862 - 12.30 p. m.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In answer to your telegram of this date, addressed to the Governor of the State, I have the honor to report that to this time the enlistments of 3,174 men under the call for 300,000 three-years" men have been returned to this office. In addition to this number there are a large number of recruits in the hands of recruiting officers all over the State, of whom, owing to the rapidity of enlistments for the last three days, no returns have yet been received. The whole number required from the State, 4,200 men, will be ready by the 18th instant, of which whole number 1,200 are for old regiments now in service. The Ninth Regiment is now in the field, and the Tenth and Eleventh Regiments are full.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

WHEELING, August 14, 1862.

(Received 2 p. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I shall have one regiment in rendezvous in five days, another in less than ten days, and the third in less than fifteen days. I think the companies have commenced coming in, but owing to the inaccessibility of part of the country I cannot get daily reports, but I can safely say there are more than 2,000 three- years" volunteers enrolled, but I have not any clothing. Can your order some sent here immediately?

F. H. PEIRPOINT.

MADISON,, WIS., August 14, 1862.

(Received 11.30 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The people of this State are in the greatest excitement about recruiting. Why will the Government insist on drafting, or leave us in suspense about recruiting, when we can furnish the soldiers by continuing recruiting until the 1st of September? I must have permission to receive volunteers after to-morrow, and an answer immediately, as it takes several days to spread the news through the State.

E. SALOMON,

Governor.

