
without obtaining the advantages which were expected from them. Several years ago Captain Stockton procured for the navy service several wrought-iron cannon, large size, manufactured by the most experiences iron-workers in the United States and in England, which proved on trial with common service charges to be entire failures. One of them burst on board of the steamship Princeton in February, 1844, attended with most disastrous consequences. Improved methods of forging may be discovered which may possibly impart greater strength to the material, but leaving it still deficient in hardness. Reports of recent experiments in England show that wrought iron, however it may be forged, is too soft a material for the bore of cannon. The severe service to which large cannon are exposed wears the surface of the bore into grooves and stretches it in length, so that it protrudes beyond the muzzle. The cannon mentioned in the proposition would therefore be of doubtful utility for long service, even if they should be found to possess sufficient strength. For these reasons, and because the acceptance of the proposition might involve an expenditure of nearly $1,000,000, I recommend that it be declined.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

[MAY 14, 1862.-For General Orders, Numbers 52, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, relating to officers on leave, &c., see Series II, Vol. III, p. 534.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 14, 1862.

General THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington:

GENERAL: I send herewith tin box marked "43" on the end and "J. P. Benjamin" on the front, sealed up by me. Its contents are the same as when found in a banking-house where certain specie, which I have reason to believe belongs to the United States, was found concealed in a hole in the wall. The memorandum upon the brown paper is in the handwriting of J. P. Benjamin and the box is his property. I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., May 15, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Do the surgeons appointed by Governor Yates, under your telegraphic order of the 30th ultimo, have rank and pay of surgeon?

ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 15, 1862.

Adjt. General ALLEN C. FULLER,

Springfield, Ill.:

There is no authority of law to give the surgeons appointed by Governor Yates, under the telegraphic order of the 30th ultimo, either

