
DAVENPORT, IOWA, August 15, 1862 - 12.20 p. m.

(Received 2.15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Will all the volunteers be credited on the draft after filling the call for the first 300,000 men,, or will the credit be given on the draft only after filling the first call, and also the old regiments? Answer definitely.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 15, 1862 - 4.25 p. m.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa, Davenport, Iowa:

The old regiments must be filled before any volunteers can be credited on the draft.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 15, 1862.

General BOYLE,

Louisville, Ky.:

All Kentucky regiments you can raise for three years will be received.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 15, 1862.

His Excellency ISRAEL WASHBURN,

Governor of Maine, Augusta, Me.:

SIR: In reply to yours of the 11th instant on the subject of drafting, I am directed to say that the regulations for drafting established by General Orders, Numbers 99, are only intended to supply any defects that may exist in State laws or in the execution of them, and not to set them aside.

So far as your State laws can be substituted for the regulations, it may be done, and you can use such portion of the regulations as may be required to supply any deficiency. The additional regulations of last evening will relieve you of any embarrassment in assigning quotas to counties. The regiments of militia must be officered in the same manner as volunteers. If men are willing to volunteer to take the place of drafted men and to be organized and in all respects treated as such, I see no objection to it. The quota of drafted men being furnished by the State, it can make no difference to the Government whether they are selected by draft, or come voluntarily forward and offer themselves. The policy of such a course might, however, be questioned in reference to its effects at home. It would strip the State of its most devoted and loyal men subject to draft, and

