
leave at home the selfish and disaffected, if any such you have. This Department would not therefore advise the adoption of any but the regular system of drafting.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 15, 1862.

Governor WASHBURN,

Augusta, Me.:

Please send your regiments forward to Washington as fast as you can without losing an hour. Does the additional regulation of yesterday as to apportionment answer your views? Notify me when you start the regiments.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

AUGUSTA, August 15, 1862 - 7.05 p. m.

(Received 9.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary:

Additional regulation entirely satisfactory. One regiment will go next Tuesday, another Thursday. The others are full, and will go as fast as the movements of officials here will permit.

I. WASHBURN, JR.

BOSTON, August 15, 1862 - 4.45 p. m.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

The Thirty-third Massachusetts Regiment, Colonel Alberto C. Maggi, left for Washington yesterday afternoon. The Thirty- fourth, Colonel George D. Wells, will leave to-day. In the material of their men these regiments are excelled by no others Massachusetts has sent. If it shall be necessary to send them immediately into the field, it is the desire of Maggi to be assigned to Sigel's, and of Wells to Banks", and I should like to have their wishes gratified. Both these regiments would have gone a week ago but for the delay in giving them their bounty and advance pay.

JOHN A. ANDREW.

BOSTON, August 15, 1862 - 4.45 p. m .

(Received 5.15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Necessity for experience in new corps is so great that I must have all I can. Your sixth paragraph in yesterday's order does not cover officers off duty and not now in the field. I will commission some here. Hope it will be right. Are Lieutenant- Colonel Batchelder and Major Frank and Captain Sedgwick refused finally, so that I must

