
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 15, 1862.

Governor MORGAN,

Albany:

Your dispatch of yesterday respecting the movement of troops is highly gratifying. If you can anticipate by moving to-morrow, so much the better. Hours are pressing. The railroad companies would no doubt run on Sunday, and I will make the arrangement if the troops can be ready. Please answer.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ALBANY, N. Y., August 15, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Our people are responding to the call for troops with alacrity and enthusiasm. Governor Morgan can organize his whole quota of the call for 600,000 even earlier than you can have them by draft, if allowed to proceed as indicated in his dispatch of yesterday by telegraph. The popular feeling is at high war heat. It has cost much to get this steam up. Pray do not require the Governor to "blor it off." Delegations from various parts of the State anxiously await your reply.

THURLOW WEED.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 15, 1862.

THURLOW WEED, Esq.,

Albany, N. Y.:

Your telegram has just been received. I am anxious not to "waste the steam," and shall do all in my power to make the machine work with a full head. The additional regulation directing an apportionment and the new order respecting volunteers and draft of yesterday you have no doubt seen, and I hope they will prove satisfactory. It is a duty you owe the country to make any suggestion to this Department which in your judgment will benefit the service, and it will be my pleasure to receive and conform to it so far as may be in my power.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 15, 1862 - 5.50 p. m.

General G. B. WRIGHT,

Quartermaster-General of Ohio, Columbus, Ohio:

Eleven thousand seven hundred Austrian rifles of good quality will be sent to you to-day, together with the accouterments. These will arm thirteen regiments; you have Springfields for seven regiments; you will have Enfields enough for at least five, and probably more, regiments, and Austrians for ten regiments were previously sent. This makes up a supply of arms for the thirty-five new regiments. the arms for the 5,000 men to fill old regiments cannot be issued until they join the regiments, as their arms must be uniform with those of the regiments which they join.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

