
COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 15, 1862 - 8.45 p. m.

(Received 10.25 p. m.)

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

The Governor directs me to say that he will have fifty new regiments to arm by the 1st of September. We are sending many recruits to old regiments without arms. Of course we want arms and accouterments for fifteen more regiments. Cannot you give us Springfields and Enfields for them?

GEO. B. WRIGHT,

Quartermaster-General of Ohio.

HARRISBURG, PA., August 15, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

I arrived here night before last, and I found Brigadier-General Ketchum actively and efficiently engaged in preparing the troops for Washington. Two regiments have been forwarded. Another will go forward from Lancaster this afternoon, and two regiments from Harrisburg to-morrow, and all will be sent forward as soon as possible. General Ketchum and staff are doing their very best in preparing and sending the troops forward. Fifteen thousand muskets have arrived. If any delay occurs it must be attributed to the State officer in not appointing officers. Delay also may be ascribed to the arrangements of troops from towns and counties together.

JNO. E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 15, 1862.

EDWARD C. MAURAN,

Adjutant-General of Rhode Island, Providence:

Your quota of men sent to the field before the two last calls of the President is just the quota you have sent - that is to say, there is no surplus to be credited on the draft or on the previous call. Your quota of 300,000 volunteers is 2,712, the same as for the draft. The call of the Department of July 7 was for a new regiment, leaving the balance of the quota of volunteers to be filled by recruits for old regiments. After your old regiments are filled, any surplus of volunteers can be credited on the draft.

Respectfully, yours,

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MADISON, WIS., August 15, 1862 - 10 a. m.

(Received 3.15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I must immediately have a distinct understanding of your order of yesterday. Understanding from your former dispatches that any excess of volunteers over the five regiments called for as our part of

