
the 300,000 would be credited on our draft, I have encouraged volunteering, with the expectation of the men receiving the usual bounty, intending to organize into regiments the surplus volunteers beyond the first five called for. The five are full, and we have a surplus - I do not yet know how large. Now, what I wish at once to know is, whether the surplus men enlisted will receive the bounty as volunteers, or shall I disband them? To disband them or refuse the bounty would be bad faith and an affront to the loyal people of the State. We shall have to wait till the 10th or 15th of September for the draft, as it is simply impossible for this State to draft before; and secondly, if the surplus men are to be accepted as volunteers to offset the draft, do you mean to allow me to go on receiving volunteers in the same way, and to receive bounty till August 22, to be organized into regiments as soon as the returns of the enlisting officers are made? Answer this immediately.

E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

MADISON, WIS., August 15, 1862 - 11 a. m.

(Received 2.10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your order refusing to discharge officers who are promoted to new regiments is unexpected and bears very hard upon us. I commissioned nearly a month ago Captain Dill, of Sixth Regiment, and Captain Nasmith, of Seventh Regiment, King's division, as colonel and lieutenant-colonel of our Twenty-fifth Regiment. It has been largely recruited by their friends, and is ready to go into camp. We have literally no military men to take charge of the regiments, your order respecting officers who have resigned, even from ill health, though now restored, preventing them from being reappointed. I also promoted Major Allen, of Second Regiment, King's division, as lieutenant-colonel of Twenty-third, and Captain Hobart, of Fourth Regiment, now at Baton Rouge, as lieutenant-colonel of Twenty-first. I must have these men if it is possible, and should have them now. I also want the non- commissioned officers and privates whom I have promoted from their regiments for merit. Please answer favorably.

By our militia laws firemen and persons who have held military commissions in this and other States are exempt from duty. Can you

correct the evil by an order, or authorize me to do it? The matter of firemen is very important. The number of firemen in companies is unlimited, and those companies are being filled by shirks at a fearful rate. Cannot you let me have officers from the Western Department, if not from the Eastern, the former being comparatively idle?

E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

MADISON, WIS., August 15, 1862 - 12 m.

(Received 3.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I desire to know whether arms for the twelve regiments ordered from this State are provided for. We shall have several regiments going into camp immediately. Your attention is called to the total want of quartermaster's stores for even the five regiments first called

