
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 108. Washington, August 16, 1862.

The following order of the President of the United States, dated August 14, 1862, is published for the information of all concerned:

Ordered:

First. That after the 15th of this month, bounty and advanced pay shall not be paid to volunteers for any new regiments, but only to volunteers for regiments now in the field and volunteers to fill up new regiments now organizing but not yet full.

Second. Volunteers to fill up the new regiments now organizing will be received and paid the bounty and advanced pay until the 22nd day of this month, and if not completed by that time, the incomplete regiments will be consolidated, and superfluous officers mustered out.

Third. Volunteers to fill up the old regiments will be received and paid the bounty and advanced pay until the 1st day of September.

Fourth. The draft for 300,000 militia called for by the President will be made on Wednesday, the 3rd day of September, between the hours of 9 o"clock a. m. and 5 o"clock p. m., and continued from day to day, between the same hours, until completed.

Fifth. If the old regiments should not be filled up by volunteers before the 1st day of September, a special draft will be ordered for the deficiency.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 109. Washington, August 16, 1862.

The following is an order of the President of the United States, dated July 22, 1862:

Ordered:

First. That military commanders within the States of Virginia, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas, in an orderly manner, seize and use any property, real or personal, which may be necessary or convenient for their several commands as supplies, or for other military purposes; and that while property may be destroyed for proper military objects, none shall be destroyed in wantonness or malice.

Second. That military and naval commanders shall employ as laborers, within and from said States, so many persons of African descent as can be advantageously used for military and naval purposes, giving them reasonable wages for their labor.

Third. That, as to both property and persons of African descent, accounts shall be kept sufficiently accurate and in detail to show quantities and amounts, and from whom both property and such persons shall have come, as a basis upon which compensation can be made in proper cases; and the several Departments of this Government shall attend to and perform their appropriate parts toward the execution of these orders.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 16, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I must apologize for the omission to reply to the third question of your letter of the 13th instant, namely, whether any other or further authority or instructions are required to enable me to supply all that properly devolves on this department for the new troops. It should have been answered, but in writing the report, which was called for with haste, the other questions occupied my attention, and this one escaped particular notice and categorical answer.

