
I consider that under your verbal instructions and the public laws and regulations, this office has full authority to provide, so far as it is physically possible, all proper regulation quartermaster's supplies for the new troops.

I have been informed that the volunteer call is expected to raise quickly 150,000 men in new regiments, and more slowly about 150,000 to fill the ranks of the old regiments, and that the drafted militia, who will come in after the volunteers, will amount to 300,000.

No further authority or instructions from the War Department occur to me as necessary to assist me in providing supplies. I believe the office has already authority to exercise all legal powers. The regulations under laws of Congress require some forms and advertisements which promote economy, occasionally at the expense of time and efficiency. But I do not think that the Secretary has the legal power to dispense with these; and should public extremity in any case make it, in my opinion, absolutely necessary to do so, I will submit the particular case for your consideration.

The rise of the people in answer to the President's call has been even more sudden than that of last year; but it finds us much better prepared, as my report of the 13th instant has made known to you.

Whatever the manufacturing power of the country can do to meet the exigency in time, I think I have instructions and pownd though I expect complaint, I do not think there will be much delay, except in the supply of the tents, for which most of the material must be imported. In the meantime, as you have been informed, it will be necessary to hut the troops, instead of putting them under canvas.

If any instructions occur to the War Department which would aid my efforts I shall of course be happy to receive them, but none occur to me. For any authority which I may hereafter find necessary I shall not hesitate to ask, with confidence that, if consistent with law, it will, as heretofore, be granted at once.

Very respectfully, your obedi C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 16, 1862.

HENRY DU PONT,

Wilmington, Del.:

SIR: In reply to yours of 13th instant, requesting that the employes at your mills engaged in the manufacture of powder be exempted from the draft, I am directed to say that the request has been granted.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 16, 1862.

Brigadier General H. G. WRIGHT,

Boston:

You will immediately repair to these headquarters, bringing your staff with you.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

