
HARTFORD, August 16, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I see no reason why the eight regiments of infantry now enlisted in this State cannot be organized and dispatched to Washington as fast as transportation can be obtained from the Quartermaster's Department, provided that the mustering officer, Captain Ross, is furnished at once with the balance - $ 155,00 - necessary to pay the U. S. bounty, and the camp equipage and clothing for two regiments is at once forwarded by Colonel Vinton from New York. Connecticut under the last call has enlisted eight full regiments for the war and expects to complete another regiment, leaving only five regiments, if any, to be drafted.

DAN. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 74 Corinth, Miss., August 16, 1862.

I. All non-residents of this district found within the same who if at home would be subject to draft will at once be enrolled under the supervision of the local commanders where they may be found, and in case of a draft being made by their respective States an equal proportion will be drawn from persons thus enrolled. Persons so drawn will at once be assigned to the troops from the States to which they owe military service, and the Executive thereof notified of such draft.

II. All violations of trade by army followers may be punished by confiscation of stock in trade and the assignment of the offenders to do military duty as private soldiers.

By command of Major General U. S. Grant:

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., August 16, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am quite surprised at your dispatch of the 14th saying that 35,000 would not fill our quota, as 35,320 had been assigned us by the War Department. I am fully satisfied that I have that number now enrolled, although the reports are not all in. They are all three-years" men. Heretofore you have credited this State 9,172, being excess, and I suppose that does not include five full regiments of three-months" men, three of which are now in the field. The most heroic exertions have been made by our people to raise these quotas. Is it still possible that after all this we have still to raise 34,719, or be drafted? Having furnished more than our share of regiments, have we now to fill all our old regiments? Pardon my anxiety, and please examine the matter again, and let me know precisely what we have to do as soon as possible.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, August 16, 1862.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

So many troops have offered that we have not blankets to enable us to put them in quarters. I request that you send me immediately

