
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., April 3, 1862.

JOSEPH C. BUTLER, Esq.,

President of the Board of Trade, Cincinnati:

Before the receipt of your letter, *which reached me to-day, I spoke to Mr. Shields, steam-boat inspector, and requested his co- operation. He has performed some work for this Department with energy and great satisfaction. You will please engage his services if you find a suitable boat can be purchased on fair terms.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CINCINNATI, April 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I arrived here this morning, conferred with the committee and Mr. Jeffrey, and have inspected a number of boats. None are satisfactory, but I think the most available as well as the cheapest is Champion Numbers 3, past five years old, and which can be obtained for $10,000 cash. I do not see that we can do better under the circumstances. I am considering a plan for sheltering my boats by means of a bulwark raised on some of the large coal barges. Does my authority cover the privilege of doing so, if I decide on it?

Respectfully,

CHAS. ELLET, JR.

The committee consider the price reasonable. Will you authorize some one to purchase?

JOS. C. BUTLER,

For the Committee.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, City, D. C., April 3, 1862.

CHARLES ELLET, Esq.,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

Mr. Butler is authorized to purchase the Champion at the price named if he thinks it fair and you think the boat suitable. You are authorized to adopt whatever mode of protection you deem proper. It is said some good boats may be had at New Albany, and that a large force of workmen and ample materials can be had there.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 4, 1862.

Brigadier-General CANBY,

Fort Union, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs me to authorize you to discharge the New Mexico volunteers now in the service of the United States whenever you may deem it necessary to do so.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See March 26, Vol. I, this series, p. 950.

---------------

