
pay or rank. They were regarded as volunteers, expecting nothing beyond transportation and subsistence.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 53. Washington, May 16, 1862.

The following acts of Congress are published for the information of all concerned:

I. AN ACT to provide for the deficiency in the appropriation for the pay of the two and three years" volunteers and the officers and men actually employed in the Western Department.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That there be, and hereby is, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of thirty millions of dollars, or so much thereof as may be necessary, to enable the Government to pay the two and three years" volunteers called into the service of the United States, being an additional amount required for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty- two.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That there be, and hereby is, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of one hundred thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may be necessary, to carry into effect the act approved March twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, to secure pay, bounty, and pensions to officers and men actually employed in the Western Department or Department of Missouri.

Approved May 14, 1862.

II. AN ACT to facilitate the discharge of enlisted men for physical disability.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United Stated of America in Congress assembled, That the Medical Inspector-General or any medical inspector is hereby authorized and empowered to discharge from the service of the United States any soldier or enlisted men, with the consent of such soldier or enlisted men, in the payment hospitals, laboring under any physical disability, which makes it disadvantageous to the service that he be retained therein, and the certificate, in writing, of such inspector-general or medical inspector, setting forth the existence and nature of such physical disability, shall be sufficient evidence of such discharge: Provided, however, That every such certificate shall appear on its face to have been founded on personal inspection of the soldier so discharged, and shall specially describe the nature and origin of such disability; and that such discharge shall be without prejudice to the right of such soldier or enlisted man to the pay due him at the date thereof, and report the same to the Adjutant-General and the Surgeon-General.

Approved May 14, 1862.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 54. Washington, May 17, 1862.

I. Brigadier General C. P. Buckingham, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to special duty in the War Department from the 1st instant.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

May 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have respectfully to represent that great confusion and inconvenience to the service, together with much suffering to the

