
I have the reply to my dispatch relating to commissioned officers and privates promoted for merit from old regiments as second lieutenants of new ones. Please issue the order to have them discharged on presenting my commission. Answer.

E. SALOMON.

[AUGUST 17, 1862.-For Morton to Stanto, relating to call for troops for service in Kentucky, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XVI, Part II, p. 359.]

FRANKFORT, KY., August 17, 1862.

(Received 9.40 p. m.)

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

James F. Robinson, a distinguished and loyal citizen, will be inaugurated Governor of Kentucky to-morrow. Governor Magoffin's resignation exhibits a gratifying and commendable spirit.

J. B. TEMPLE,

President Kentucky Military Board.

BOSTON, August 17, 1862.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Adjutant-General Schouler's question was incorrectly framed. Plainly law provides only ten companies to regiment; but when we have surplus companies what is the difficulty in sending them, not as integral of, but attached to, regiment? Then as regiments waste they may be merged, in them. Do I correctly interpret your last telegram, that order dont's cover officer absent from their commands? Since the exigency does not include them, I propose promoting some of them in new regiments. Major Bowman, of Thirty- fourth, which marched last Thursday-since I can"t have Lieutenant-Colonel Kimball, of Fifteenth-will be wanted for Thirty-sixth. Please authorize transfer. I wish I could see you, but cant's leave. Pray don"t think of actually drafting. We can raise troops faster than they can be provided for. Draft will disturb everything; raise thousand questions; will make a mere paper army, unorganized, ineffectual, discoventened. valueless- flocks of green men, green officers, conscripts. Call on me for militia quota by regiments; give till October 1. They will come successively.

JOHN. A. ANDREW.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 111. Washington, August 18, 1862.

I. Hereafter no appointments of major-general or brigadier- general will be given except to officers of the Regular Army for meritorious and distinguished services during the war, of to volunteer officers who, by some abilities required for the duties of a general officer.

II. No appointment to such grades will be issued by the War Department till an examination is made to ascertain if there are any charges

26 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

