
sick and wounded, result from the interference of State agents and others who are not acting under the direction of this Bureau. Men are taken from the hospitals before time is given to perform necessary operations, or so soon after the operations that death is very frequently the consequence. I have seen enough to satisfy myself of the truth of what I say, and have also the evidence of those who have witnessed the operation of this system in other parts of the country. So well convinced are the agents of the States of Maine and New Jersey of its impropriety that they voluntarily gave up their appointments and returned home. I have, therefore, respectfully to request that to this Bureau may be assigned the entire control of the sick of the Army, whether in camp, hospitals, or transports. I am ready to assume the entire responsibility and to answer for the full performance of the duties involved, provided the means of transportation now in the hands of State agents, State surgeon-generals, and others, be put at my disposal, in order that persons accountable to this department may be placed in charge.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM A. HAMMOND,

Surgeon-General.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 19, 1862.

You have authority, in virtue of your office, to take charge of all the sick and wounded of the Army wherever they may be, and you are responsible for their care, comfort, and medical treatment. The Quartermaster-General, on your requisition, will furnish all necessary transportation.

By order of the Secretary of War:

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 17, 1862.

His Excellency GOVERNOR OF ILLINOIS,

Springfield:

You are requested to organize without delay a regiment of infantry for service in Kentucky.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Governor Tod, Columbus, Ohio.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., Mary 17, 1862.

His Excellency GOVERNOR OF INDIANA,

Indianapolis:

You are requested to organize without delay a regiment of infantry for service. It is suggested that it may be formed at once from the two regiments recently mustered out of service.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

