
allowed to retain them in the field, the Secretary of War directs me to reply in the negative, as great inconvenience has resulted from promises heretofore given in other cases to furnish companies of troops with special arms. If you choose to arm and equip a whole regiment at your own expense, of the regiment chooses to arm itself, it will be accepted with the condition that it shall be at liberty to use its own arms and equipments exclusively.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

ALBANY, August 19, 1862-6.30 p. m.

Honorable EDWING M. STANTON:

The one hundred and thirteenth New York Volunteers, Albany regiment, Colonel Lewis O. Morris, leaves to-night with full ranks. I have hurried them. I pray that you will furnish them at Washington with suitable barracks and supply their deficiency in canteens and haversacks; also pay the $25 bounty, the month's advance. State and local bounties having been paid to-day, they beg for more time.

The One hundred and eight New York Volunteers, Rochester regiment, Colonel Palmer, leaves that city to-night.

E. D. MORGAN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 19, 1862-9 p. m.

Governor MORGAN,

Albany, N. Y.:

Your telegram received. The bounty will be paid the One hundred and thirteenth Regiment on their arrival, and all supplies will be furnished speedily as possible. The emergency for troops here is far more pressing than you know or than I dare tell. Put all your steam on and hurry them up.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ALBANY, N. Y., August 19, 1862-9 p. m.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The One hundred and thirteenth Regiment New York Volunteers, Colonel L. O. Morris, 1,024 strong, has just left this city for Washington.

THOS. HILLHOUSE.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 19, 1862-7.30 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

I have commenced forty-one regiments under the President's last call, twenty-one of which are full. Think the remaining twenty will be full by the 22nd instant. Two leave for the field to- morrow, two the next day, and two on Saturday. Will be able to send as many

