
more in all next week. Am delayed for want of equipments. Recruiting for old regiments progressing finely. Will have everything in readiness to commence drafting by the 3rd, if necessary.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 19, 1862.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.;

In cities or large counties where it is certified that one commissioner cannot perform the duty, an increased number will on application be allowed by the Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PROVIDENCE, R. I., August 19, 1862-7.50 p. m.

(Received 8. 30 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

First question, one regiment; second question, full; third question, say about 1,000 men by September 1; fourth question, none. Recruits are going forward daily.

WM. SPRAGUE.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 19, 1862.

His Excellency Governor SALOMON,

Madison, Wis.:

The whole number of troops called out and furnished previous to July 1 was 548,148. Of these your quota was 21,753. You had furnished, according to the muster-rolls in the Adjutant- General's Office, 22,263, leaving an excess of 510. The last muster-roll is dated April 30.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 113. Washington, August 20, 1862.

Detachments of recruits will be furnished with at least two days" cooked rations before starting from the depot for their regiments. If delayed in any city en route a detachment will be marched to the 'Soldiers" Rest," where additional cooked rations will be issued to the men sufficient to last till their arrival at the next "Rest," or at the destination of the detachment, according to circumstances. Superintendents of the recruiting service for States or districts will see that this order is executed.

The officers of non-commissioned officers in charge of detachments en route are responsible that the rations are not wasted; also, that such as are required are obtained at the "Rests." Purchases of articles of food on public account are not authorized.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

