
months" regiments, but new regiments have been organized, taking the same number, for three years; also the Seventy-seventh (cavalry). The following regiments have the whole, number of men recruited, and are full, but are not fully organized: Seventy- ninth, Eightieth, Eighty-first, Eighty-second, Eighty-third, Eighty-fourth, Eighty-fifth, Eighty-sixth, Eighty-ninth, Ninetieth, of Fifth Cavalry. The following regiments have been started, and a number of men recruited for each: Ninety-first, Ninety-second, Ninety-third, Ninety-fourth, Ninety-fifth, Ninety- sixth, Ninety-seventh, Ninety-eight, Ninety-eighth, Ninety-ninth, One hundred, One hundred and first. Whole number of men recruited for the last-named regiments between 3,000 and 6,000, but cannot tell exactly, as reports are not in. Also in camp companies for three batteries, comprising 475 men. Of these regiments the following have already left the State and gone to Kentucky, to wit: The Seventieth, Seventy-first, Seventy-second, Sixty-fifth, Sixty-sixth, Sixty-seventh, Sixty-eight, Twelfth, Sixteenth, and three companies of the Seventy-seventh, or Fourth Cavalry. Will leave to-day for Kentucky, the Sixty-ninth, Seventy-fourth, and Seventh-fifth regiments. It will be seen what our condition is in regard to arms. Please show this to the Secretary of War.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

CLINTO, IOWA, August 20, 1862-9.15 a. m.

(Received 12 m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Will all the companies of volunteers raised by the 23rd instant be organized into new regiments? If not, what will be done with the excess? Answer.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 20, 1862.

Adjutant-General BAKER,

Davenport, Iowa:

By reading the order of the Department you will perceive that new regiments are not to be commenced after the 15th of this month; that volunteers for regiments organizing will be received until the 23rd, and that volunteers for the old regiments will be received until the 1st of September. Your volunteers probably belong to one of these three classes, and the order expresses what is to be done with them as plainly as can be expressed.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, August 20, 1862.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Tell me what I shall do with over 100 companies of volunteers above the 50 under the 300,000 call for volunteers.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General.

