
DAVENPORT, IOWA, August 20, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

First. There are companies now full and that will be filled by the 23rd to fill eighteen to twenty regiments. Our whole State appears to be volunteering. Second. The companies are now coming into rendezvous as rapidly as I can furnish blankets for them. Could have them all in next week if I had blankets and could build quarters fast enough. Have blankets for only five regiments. Third. I don"t want any further time than the 23rd. All I want is to put into regiments all the companies full on that day. If I don"t get this permission I will have to volunteer myself and leave the State.

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor.

TOPEKA, KANS., August 20, 1862-4 p. m.

(Via Leavenworth. Received 8.40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

General Lane is recruiting a regiment of colored men in Kansas.

Shall I commission the officers? Has a draft been made on this State?

C. ROBINSON.

FRANKFORT, KY., August 20, 1862.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

General Boyle telegraphs, under date of 16th instant, as follows;

"General Halleck telegraphed me he would received all the three- years" regiment that could be raised in Kentucky." Does this comprehend mounted men? I have two regiments of mounted men now recruited which I should be most happy to receive if permitted by the Government. They are of companies raised in excess of former orders.

J. F. ROBINSON.

FRANKFORT, KY., August 20, 1862.

Honorable A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I am instructed by a resolution of the General Assembly of Kentucky, passed this day, to request that time be given until the 20th of September next to the officers recruiting the Thirty- first, Thirty-second, and Thirty-sixth Regiments of Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, the territory assigned to them having been recently threatened by rebels and occupied by guerrillas, so as to retard recruiting and to prevent the filling up of the regiments. I believe Mr. President, that the interests of the country would be promoted if it could be so arranged that the draft in Kentucky, except to fill up the old regiments, be postponed until October 1, and that the authorities of the State be permitted to recruit twelve-months" men in satisfaction of one-half of the quota of the draft, and on October 1 make draft for remainder.

JAS. F. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kentucky.

27 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

