
AUGUSTA, ME., August 20, 1862.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Commenced five new regiments; all full, and have been for eight days. All would have marched for delays of Government officers. One of these left yesterday for the field, and another goes to- morrow, and the rest will go as soon as mustered and paid by Major Gardiner.

I. WASHBURN, Jr.,

Governor of Maine.

BALTIMORE, August 20, 1862.

Brigadier-General BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Four new regiments are now being raised in this State under the call for volunteers- the Fourth, Sixth Seventh, and Eighth. The Fourth has eight full companies. The Sixth has five full companies, and will probably have eight by the end of week. The Seventh has five full companies. The Eighth has three full companies. There are six incomplete and unassigned companies. There are, as far as known, full 500 recruits now in the counties ready to be mustered in. About 1,500 more men will be required to fill up all the four regiments to the maximum standard, which, if the time can be extended, will be, I think, certainly procured by 10th of September. All the regiments are now in camp here.

A. W. BRADFORD,

Governor of Maryland.

BOSTON, August 20, 1862.

His Excellency President LINCOLN:

Mayor Wightman, of Boston, has this morning, in a published official document, used these words, viz:

Every citizen who desires to maintain the honor and reputation of our militia system as established by our fathers must resolve that the quota of Boston should be filled without resorting to draft, which, though sanctioned by an act of Congress, is in one of its elements contrary to the spirit and intent of the Constitution, obnoxious to the President of the United States, and in direct opposition to the constitution and laws of Massachusetts.

It is clear, sir, that my duty is to yield implicit obedience to the laws of Congress relating to militia organizations, and to your lawful orders issued thereunder. In order to prevent confusion in the public mind, will you please telegraph immediately the authority for the foregoing reference to yourself; also any additional order of instructions you may think proper?

Your obedient servant,

JNO. A. ANDREW.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 20, 1862.

GOVERNOR ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

Neither the Secretary of War nor I know anything except what you tell us about the "published official document" you mention.

A. LINCOLN.

