
BOSTON, August 20, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I hoped by telegraphing Summer to save you trouband to draw full explanation from him, believing that your former telegrams and orders included volunteer officers under McClellan and Pope, but not Burnside's division remaining in North Carolina, nor any of either army not in presence of enemy. Will write more fully. Doubt not my hearty and sympathetic acquiescence in whatever decision.

JOHN A. ANDREW.

BOSTON, MASS., August 20, 1862.

(Received 2.30 p. m.)

Brigadier-General BUCKINGHAM:

Since the President's last call for volunteers we have raised and forwarded four companies, completing the Thirty-second Regiment, also the Thirty-third and Thirty-fourth regiments, under Maggi and Wells, respectively, both maximum size, and two surplus companies attached to Third-third. The Thirty-fifth, Thirty- eighth, Thirty-ninth, and Fortieth are full to maximum, quartered at Camp Stanto, Lynnfield. The Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh, at Worcester and Pittsfield, respectively, are full regiments, some companies not quite to maximum, but will be this week. There are certain companies outlying in their towns because U. S. quartermaster has been unable to cover all as fast as needed; these may constitute a Forty-first Regiment. There are not less than 1,500 men at Camp Cameron, Cambridge, for old regiments in the field, waiting supplies and forwarding. Large numbers of such recruits have already gone. We hope to get the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Regiments off this week. All our regiments march just as rapidly as they can receive their quartermaster's supplies, arms, equipments, pay, and bounty. It takes a little time to arrange companies, appoint their officers, and combine them into regiments, that they may be in truth like soldiers, and not a mere congregation of men. We have two full battery commpanies, which will march immediately, to receive ordnance in Washington. All these regiments will move as fast as their supplies are ready. Do you wish another regiment begun? Many of our old regiments in the field are reported full by their recruiting parties. All our batteries report themselves full. Your telegram that 9,000 men are wanted for our old regiments surprises me. Please send particulars, details. Our new regiment, batteries, and companies, before mentioned, will nearly reach 10,000 men, including Forty-first Regiment. Militia regiments are rapidly forming for nine months. We sorely need full powers and rapid supplies, and the people will furnish soldiers. No draft needed or useful.

WM. SCHOULER,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 19, 1862.

JOHN ROBERTSON, Detroit, Mich.:

Arms and equipments seven regiments of infantry and one of cavalry have, this Department is advised, arrived at Detroit some days since. What does your telegram of to-day mean?

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

