
PHILADELPHIA, PA., August 20, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I arrived here last evening. The recruiting proceeds but slowly, and from the fact that eleven colonel are recruiting, each for his own regiments. If the companies raised could be consolidated, several regiments might be organized and forwarded immediately. This, however, it would appear, cannot be done without causing great dissatisfaction. One regiment may be ready by Saturday; the other regiments will not be raised until some time in September. Possibly one may be got ready by September 1. Lieutenant-Colonel Crosman is deficient in blankets and tents, and probably will not have a supply of the latter until late in the fall. I am doing all I can to hurry forward the recruits. I will leave to-morrow for Baltimore.

JNO. E. WOOL,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, August 20, 1862.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General:

I answer your dispatch with as much accuracy as possible. We are organizing thirty-eight regiments under the call of the President. Of these thirteen will have gone forward by this evening. Three more are full at Pittsburg. We can form four more regiments at Camp Curtin. Twelve are forming in Philadelphia, some of them nearly full; of these General Wool will, no doubt, inform you. Six are preparing in other parts of the State; some of them nearly full, and all of them filling rapidly. I have no doubt that with the use of the power to draft as an incentive the whole quota of Pennsylvania can be furnished without. If I make such suggestions as in my judgment would produce that result, is it probable they would be adopted?

A. G. CURTIN.

WHEELING, VA., August 20, 1862-5.30 p. m.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

May I receive four or five companies of cavalry to fill up the Third Virginia to a full regiment? It has now, as I understand, five companies.

F. H. PEIRPOINT.

BRATTLEBOROUGH, VT., August 20, 1862.

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

Under the last call for volunteers three regiments have been raised, viz, The Ninth-now in the field-Tenth, and Eleventh. The two last are up to the maximum and are in camp here. The balance of our quota (1,200 men) we are raising to fill our old regiments, and hope to have them ready by the 1st of September. I expect to furnish our quota of nine-months" men without a draft. If it should be quieted apparent that this can be done, could we have a few more days to accomplish [it] if necessary? I take it for granted they will be accepted in lieu of a draft.

FREDK. HOLBROOK,

Governor.

