
MADISON, WIS., August 20, 1862-10.15 a. m.

(Received 1.50 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In reply to your dispathc I answer, first, that I have commenced the organization of twelve regiments of volunteers under the last call. Second. That five or six of these are full, but the companies are scattered over the State, it being impossible to bring them to camp until temporary barracks can be provided and absolutely necessary quartermaster's stores. Third. We have a large number of companies in process of enlistment and party full, and think that all will be full by the 22nd. No regiments have gone to the field. Our Twentieth Regiment, raised under call of May 30, is just full in camp, fitted and equipped. The five raised under call of Jully 2 are full and organized, but not in camp in reason above stated, nor armed or equipped. We shall get these five into camp the first day possible, and the others immediately after.

E. SALOMON.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 114. Washington, August 21, 1862.

I. No officer of the Regular Army or of volunteers will hereafter visit the city of Washington without special permission. Leaves of absence will not be considered as including the city of Washington, unless so stated, and leaves for that purpose can only be given by the authority of the War Department, through the Adjutant-General.

II. Officers on leave of absence will not leave the limits of their military department without special permission.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, August 21, 1862-9 a. m.

(Received 12 m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Arrived last evening and had interviews with Governors Morton and Campbell and Colonel Hoffman. Everything going on well. The prisoners of war will be rapidly sent forward via Cairo-some 16,000. I find it necessary to visit Saint Louis, and shall leave this evening after visiting Camp Morton. Indiana is rapidly throwing troops into Kentucky. Already 11,000 of her quota have left the State.

L. THOMAS.

(Translation.)

LEGATION OF FRANCE TO THE UNITED STATES,

Washington, August 21, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, &amp;c.:

SIR: A Frenchman, belonging to one of the most respectable commercial houses of Champagne, Mr. Chs. Heidsieck, has been lately arrested by orders of Major-General Butler, and shut up in Fort

