
I have believed, general, that I ought to make to you this recital of the facts, which it seams to me entirely exonerates Mr. Chs. Heidsieck, and hope you will be so good as to take them under consideration. I know Mr. Heidsieck personally, and know that he is completely neutral in the present contest.

Please accept, general, &amp;c.,

CTE. MEJAN.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.-Translation.
CONSULATE OF FRANCE AT NEW ORLEANS,

August 1, 1862.

Major-General BUTLER, &c.:

GENERAL: I took the liberty to write to you yesterday in favor of Mr. Chs. Heidsieck, who has been arrested by your orders, and who is, I am assured, to be sent to-day to Fort Jackson.

I have yesterday and to-day gathered some further information about this Frenchman, and they fully confirm the facts I thought it my duty to state to you yesterday. I have learned especially that when Mr. Heidsieck came here on the Natchez he was entered by his name on the crew list, which doubtless has always been submitted to you, and this fact proves at least in a peremptory manner that he has never concealed his name, and that he did not fear any investigation. Mr. Heidsiesk came to see me when he came to New Orleans, but never brought me letters, nor even a newspaper, and has never taken from me, and that at his own desire, other than verbal instructions to the vice-consul of France at Mobile. This, it seems to me, may be also invoked in his favor. I am told one of the chief accusations against him would be that he had sold on his last voyage several baskets of champagne wine. According to the information I have obtained, and which I have every reason to believe exact, this wine must have been sold by his agent, and came from a lot which has been here three years. The arrival of Mr. Heidsieck yesterday as bearer of dispatches sent by the vice-consul at Mobile would prove, in case of need, that this Frenchman had not any thought that anything could be reproached to him, for it is true that he thought be could upon the respect everywhere borne for bearers of dispatches he would none the less have hesitated to come to town if he had any fears for his safety. Finally, the contents of the packets which Mr. Heidsieck brought cannot make against him, for he was as ignorant of them as I was myself ignorant.

I hope, general, that before inflicting on Mr. Heidsieck, who according to the language of all his friends, has always maintained the strictest neutrality in word and deed, a penalty which would be equivalent almost, at this season and to an unacclimated man, to the penalty of death, you would be so good as to re-examine this case, which presents many sides which should be weighed in favor of Mr. Chs. Heidsieck. I will add that since Mr. Heidsieck came to the United States he has been occupied exclusively in the liquidation of his affairs, which has required his presence at Mobile, which is the center of the district embracing the greatest number of his credits. Mr. Heidsieck is of a family much respected in France and is esteemed by all who know him.

Accept, general, &c.,

CTE. MEJAN.

