
(Translation.)

LEGATION OF SPAIN AT WASHINGTON,

Washington, August 21, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States:

The undersigned, envoy extraordinary and minister pleinpontiary of Her Catholic Majesty, has the honor to call the attention of the Honorable Secretary of State of the United States to an incident of which an account is given in a dispatch dated 4th instant.

The case is, that on the 3rd of July last, and without previous notice of any kind, two agents of police, appeared at the countinghouse of the Spanish firm of Messrs. Puig Brothers, inquiring for the principal partner, Don Magui Puig, and when they were told that gentleman was absent, replied that they had orders from the provost-marshal and from General Butler to take possession of the books, papers, &amp;c., which they in fact did, compelling the abandonment of the countinghouse by such dependents as they found in it.

The consul of Spain being informed of the circumstances, addressed to General Butler two communications, dated respectively 24th of July and 2nd of August, asking him to inform him of the cause of the breaking down of the house of Messrs. Puig Brothers.

To neither of these letters has to said general thought proper duly to reply, contenting himself with direction one of his adjutants to write to the consul on the 25th of July that through the sickness of the agent who had been employed in the business of taking possession of the house of Messrs. Puig it had been necessary to interrupt the investigation of facts, which had commenced, and afterward, on the 29th of the same month, that if Don Magui Puig was brought before him the investigation would be continued.

The consul replied with much propriety that this was not the way to treat an official correspondence, nor was it his mission to bring any one before the local authorities to undergo interrogation.

In this state things continue, without of becoming better, at least in what touches upon the action of the consul, in consequence of the resolution which General Butler appears to have adopted of refusing everything like explanations, even in cases in which from their nature they might be exigible.

Annexed are remitted some documents by means of which the Honorable Secretary of State will become possessed of the details of this business.

It results from these also that in the said house Messrs. Puig Brothers a robbery has been committed of effects to value of $197.95. The continued occupation of the house, combined with the want of explanations as to the caused which there may have been for this, give to this case the character of an actual violence to which the Government of the United States ought immediately to put an end, remaining further responsing that this may give room for.

Another point is indicated by the consul at New Orleans in the communication causing this note, to wit, the impossibility of obtaining the publication of the quarantine regulations, the result of this silence being that trade with the Island of Cuba is little less than paralyzed completely.

In fine, it should not be passed over in silence that the official correspondence of this legation does not reach the hands of the consul,

