
and that public opinion attributes the blame to the authorities at New Orleans; although, however it may be, the undersigned refuses to give credence to this.

In the opinion of the undersigned, therefore, even keeping before him the circumstances in which that Department many be placed, he finds himself, nevertheless, under obligation to call the attention of the Honorable Secretary of State to the necessity of regulating, somewhat, such a cos, at least in respect of foreigners, thus avoiding irritating questions, which at length cannot tend to the benefit of the good relations which are maintained and ought to be maintained between the respective governments.

The undersigned avails of this to reiterate to the Honorable Secretary of State the assurance of his highest consideration.

GABRIEL G. TASSARA.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

NEW ORLEANS, July 24, 1862.

Major-General BUTLER,

General Commanding the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to send to you an exposition made to me by Don F. de Fr. Martin, representing the house of MM. Puig Brothers, subjects of Spain.

The long established reputation for probity and worth of this respectable house, and the strangeness and irregularity of the manner in which it has been broken up, make me believe you are not well informed of these facts, or that malicious report have caused you to order this measure.

In either case I appeal to your justice, begging you will deign to cause the withdrawal of the soldiers of the Army of the United States from that place which they still occupy, or give upon the subject proper explanations, so that no further injury be brought upon those gentlemen that they have until now experienced.

God, &amp;c.

On the 2nd of August, 1862, what precedes was repeated, adding what follows:

As you have not up to this time had the politeness to reply to this letter, I have the pleasure to send you a fresh claim of those interested, with a statement of the value of the effects taken away by the soldiers of the United States who are occupying the place; and as it is not to be believed that any commander would approve such conduct in his subordinates, I hope you will deign to order that this sum may be paid to whom it may pertain, and to reply to my communication, so that the persons interested may know what they are accused of; why their property is occupied, and put an end to this strange and irregular position in which the Spanish of MM. Puig Brothers is placed.

God, &c.

JUAN CALLEJON.

(Certified.)

[Sub-inclosure.]

NEW ORLEANS, July 21, 1862.

Senor Don JUAN CALLEJON,

Consul of Her Catholic Majesty at New Orleans:

Representing MM. Puig Brogters, Spanish merchants established in this city, I address myself to you to state to you that on the 3rd instant two police officers presented themselves at the countinghouse

