
I refereed among other facts to the robbery, committed by the soldiers occupying said office, of the wearing apparel and other effects belonging to Rafael Pera, one of the dependents of said Mm. Puig Brothers, there remained in the hands of the said chief of police a list of the effects stolen, the value of which he promised to make good if the fact was proven to him. It happening now that the said R. B. Nay, for some felonious acts, has been himself sentenced by the Federal authorities to twenty years" imprisonment, and naturally supposing that a claim on such hands would have no effect for the benefit of Pera, I inclose to your a copy of the list of the said stolen goods, valued together at $197,95, begging you to present it to the competent authority, requiring as is just, that the amount should be reimbursed to the said Rafael Pera, who being a Spanish subject thinks he merits such protection from you.

God keep you, &amp;c.

FERNANDO DE F. MARTIN.

(Certified.)

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 21, 1862.

(Via Cairo.)

Governor PHELPS,

Arkansas:

The President authorizes and empowers you to commission all officers of Arkansas Volunteers.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 21, 1862.

His Excellency Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

The prompt and patriotic response of your State to the calls of the President have far exceeded the calculations of this Department. Arms will be forwarded as soon as possible. Ordinary tents are out of the question; there is not cotton to make them. The quartermaster on your requisition will provide board barracks or any other shelter that the country can supply. The men should, if possible, bring their own blankets, as it will save the necessity of their purchasing them from the Government, and their clothing allowance in money will received the benefit. Every possible exertion is being made to manufacture all other camp equipage, and it will be furnished as rapidly as possible.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., August 21, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

It is now evident that Illinois on the 22nd will have 50,000 enrolled volunteers for three-years's service. Please inform me fully whether for excess of quanta the State is to have credit for the number required for old regiments now in the field, and also what is expected of us in such case as to drafting.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

