
I have therefore the honor to request you, sir, to be so good as to recognize and cause to be recognized the Count Mean, consul of France at New Orleans, as charged ad interim with the consulate of the Netherlands, in virtue of instructions from the King's Government.

If I have not been able before to-day to make this communication and request to you, it is because of the loss of my inclosure addressed from Washington, the 10th June last, to the Count Mean and sent by me to the minister of France, who was pleased to take upon him the delivery to the consul of his country at New Orleans. Mr. Mercier sent the inclosure to the Marquis de Montholon at New York, who mailed it, but the inclosure never reached its address. I have therefore sent to the Count Mean and Mr. Couturie duplicates, dated 26th of July, and the answers which I have received to-day have at length enabled me, sir, to write to you, which I now have the honor to do.

Please to accept, sir, the fresh assurance of my high consideration.

ROEST VAN LIMBURG.

HARTFORD, CONN., August 22, 1862.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The Eighteenth Regiment will leave for Washington this p. m. The Fourteenth and Fifteenth are mustered in. The Sixteenth and Seventeenth will be mustered to-morrow. Governor Buckingham wishes the regiments to move next week, but I hope he will let them be dispatched earlier. I find it difficult to hurry matters without offending State authority.

DANIEL TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 22, 1862.

Colonel P. MORRISON,

Superintendent, Springfield, Ill.:

The Department recognizes you as the chief mustering and disbursing officer for Illinois. Make the mustering officers report to you daily. You will report daily to this office as follows: First, number for old regiments mustered; second, number for new regiments mustered; third, amount of bounty money on hand; fourth, state if there is difficulty about paymaster paying month's advance. In your first report give entire number of old and new regiments mustered to this date.

By order of the Secretary of War:

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington Ciyt, D. C., August 22, 1862.

His Excellency O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana:

Six batteries of cannon and equipments ordered to Indianapolis [to] supply the Indiana Volunteers.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

