
INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 22, 1862.

(Received 5.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Recruiting still good and a large number can yet be enrolled. I ask extension of time till 1st of September, promising advance pay and bounty.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

IOWA CITY, IOWA, August 22, 1862-8 p. m.

(Received 2.35 a. m. 23rd.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

How many men shall I draft on September 3? You count here eighteen regiments, including the five under requisition of July 8.

SAML. J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 22, 1862.

Governor ROBINSON,

Frankfort, Ky.:

Pursuant to the request of the General Assembly of Kentucky, communicated to the President by your telegram of the 20th instant, the time is extended for recruiting the regiments therein mentioned until the period named. The other suggestions contained in your telegram are under consideration, and under the peculiar condition of your State will no doubt be acceded to, as the Government has every disposition to aid you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FRANKFORT, KY., August 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch of this date is received. The kind disposition of the Government toward Kentucky is fully appreciated. Am I correct in construing your dispatch into a continuance of bounty and advance pay to recruits for thirty days longer? In view of the kind tone of your dispatch and the emergency of the hour, I have accepted regiment of twelve-months" mounted men tendered to-day, composed of the excess recruited for regiments heretofore organized. Kentucky will do her whole duty. Her peril increase every hour.

By order of J. F. Robinson, Governor of the Commonwealth:

J. W. FINNELL.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 63. New Orleans, August 22, 1862.

Whereas on the 23rd day of April, in the year 1861, at a public meeting of the free colored population of the city of New Orleans, a military organization, known as the "Native Guards" (colored), had its existence, which military organization was duty and legally

