
enrolled as a part of the militia of the State, its officers being commissioned by Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in- chief of the militia of the State of Louisiana, in the form following-that is to say:

THE STATE OF LOUISIANA,

(Seal of the State.)

By Thomas Overton Moore, Governor of the State of Louisiana, and commander-in-chief of the militia thereof.

In the name and by the authority of the State of Louisiana:

Know ye, that- -, having been duly and legally elected captain of the "Native Guards" (colored), First Division of the militia of Louisiana, to serve for the term of the war,

I do hereby appoint and commission him captain as aforesaid, to take rank as such from the second day of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.

He is therefore carefully and diligently to discharge the duties of his office by doing and performing all manner of things thereto belonging. And I do strictly charge and require all officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates under his command to be obedient to his orders as captain; and he is to observe and follow such orders and directions, from time to time, as he shall receive from me, or the future Governor of the State of Louisiana, or other superior officers, according to the Rules and Articles of War, and in conformity to law.

In testimony whereof I have caused these letters to be made patent and the seal of the State to be hereto annexed.

Given under my hand, at the city of Baton Rouge, on the second day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

THOS. O. MOORE.

By the Governor:

P. D. HARDY,

Secretary of State.

(Indorsed.)

I, Maurice Grivot, adjutant and inspector general of the State of Louisiana, do hereby certify that - -. named in the with commission, did, on the second day of May, in the year eighteen hundred and sixty-one, deposit in my office his written acceptance of the office to which he is commissioned, and his oath of office taken according to law.

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General of Louisiana.

And whereas such military organization elicited praise and respect, and was complimented in general orders for its patriotism and loyalty, and was ordered to continue during the war, in the words following:

ORDERS, Numbers 426.] HEADQUARTERS LOUISIANA MILITIA,

Adjutant-General's Office, March 24, 1862.

I. The Governor and commander-in-chief, relying implicitly upon the loyalty of the free population of the city and State for the protection of their homes, their property, and for Southern rights from the pollution of a ruthless invader, and believing that the military organization which existed prior to the 15th of February, 1862, and elicited praise and respect for the patriotic motives which prompted it, should for and during the war, calls upon them to maintain their organization and to hold themselves prepared for such orders as may be transmitted to them.

II. The colonel, commanding will report without delay to Major- General Lewis, commanding State militia.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant-General.

And whereas said military organization by the same order was directed to report to Major-General Lewis for service, but did not leave the city of New Orleans when he did:

Now, therefore, the commanding general, believing that a large portion of this militia force of the State of Louisiana are willing to take service in the volunteer forces of the United States and be

