
enrolled and organized to "defend their homes from ruthless invaders," to protect their wives and children and kindred from wrong and outrage, to shield their property from being seized by bad men, and to defend the flag of their native country as their fathers did under Jackson at Chalmette against Pakenham and his myrmidons, carrying the black flag of "beauty and booty"- appreciating their motives, relying upon their "well-known loyalty and patriotism," and with "praise and respect" for these brave men-

It is ordered, That all the members of the "Native Guards" aforesaid, and all other free colored citizens recognized by the first and late Governor and authorities of the State of Louisiana as a portion of the militia of the State, who shall enlist in the volunteer service of the United States, shall be dully organized by the appointment of proper officers, and accepted, paid, equipped, armed, and rationed as are other volunteer troops of the United States, subject to the approval of the President of the United States. All such persons are required at once to report themselves at the Touro Charity Building, Front Levee street, New Orleans, where proper officers will muster them into the service of the United States.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOSTON, August 22, 1862-1.20 p. m.

(Received 6.20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

We have sent no better material to the war than our Thirty-fifth Regiment, Colonel Wild, just raised, which marched this p. m. full to maximum.

JOHN A. ANDREW.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 22, 1862.

Governor GAMBLE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your inquiry whether volunteers for nine-months" service will be accepted in lieu of drafted men has been under consideration of the Department, and I now answer that no bounty or advance pay can be allowed to such volunteers, and as only volunteers for three years or the war have been called for by the President, volunteers for soother term will not be accepted.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Will the War Department turn over to me for immediate issue 10,000 Springfield rifled muskets, with accouterments? If this is done I will endeavor to obtain the consent of our State comptroller to issue to our troops an equal number of Enfield, caliber .58, provided the Government will immediately reimburse the State cost and charges thereof. We have no infantry accouterments. Those offered to me by Captain Crispin are not adapted to our arms. The One hundred

