
and eleventh (Auburn), Colonel Segoine, passed here this morning. The One hundred and seventeenth (Rome), Colonel Pease, is just leaving the Albany dock. The One hundred and twentieth (Kingston), Colonel Sharpe, and One hundred and twenty-ninth (Lockport), Colonel Porter, both leave camp to-morrow, the farmer via New York, the latter via Elmira. Others will follows as fast as railroads can transfer them.

E. D. MORGAN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 22, 1862.

Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio"

It appears individuals have in different State expended money in raising unauthorized batteries of artillery, and the Department, on the recommendation of the General-in-Chief, has refused to receive them. Nut in view of hardship and disappointment thus occasioned the Department has concluded to waive the objection and receive the batteries that have been raised. I will therefore accept from Ohio not to exceed six batteries of light artillery. The cannon and equipments to be furnished on proper requisition from the U. S. arsenal at Pittsburg. In this number is to be included the battery raised at Dayton.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MADISON, WIS., August 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am very much embarrassed as to the disposition of our new levies. Our five regiments under first call are ordered into camp for Monday next. For this 5,500 men there are but 3,000 blankets provided and no shirts. Besides the above we have at least six or seven regiments full and ready for camp as soon as the temporary barracks, are prepared; but there are no blankets or clothing of any kind, nor any quartermaster's stores whatever, for these troops. What shall we do with these troops? Are you able to furnish us with blankets, and when? Please advise me as fully as possible immediately. I have written and telegraphed Quartermaster-General. Meigh relative to appointment of N. B. Vandyke U. S. Quartermaster. A new appointee from civil life has arrived here, entirely unacquainted with the business, and thus, so far from aiding, really embarrasses us. Please refer to my communication to him on this subject and reply as soon as possible.

E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

MADISON, WIS., August 22, 1862-11.15 a. m.

(Received 2 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Will our Twentieth Regiment, now in camp, be ordered away in less than a week hence? If not, I wish that the colonel commanding

