
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C. May 19, 1862.

His Excellency A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania:

The Secretary of War desires to know how soon you can raise and organize six or more infantry regiments and have them ready to be forwarded here to armed and equipped. Please answer immediately and state the number you can raise.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

(The same to Governors Morgan, of New York, and Tod, of Ohio; and, mutatis mutandis, to Governors Morton, of Indiana, and Yates, of Illinois, about "five or more infantry regiments;" to Governors Andrew, of Massachusetts, and Washburn, of Maine, "three or more infantry regiments;" to Governors Salomon, of Wisconsin; Blair, of Michigan; Kirkwood, of Iowa; Peirpoint, of Virginia; Olden, of New Jersey, and Buckingham, of Connecticut, "tow or more infantry regiments;" to Governors Holbrook, of Vermont"; Berry, of New Hampshire; Sprague, of Rhode Island; Ramsey, of Minnesota, and Burton, of Delaware, "one or more infantry regiments.")

NORWICH, May 19, 1862.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS:

If required, will organize one or two regiments as soon as possible but fear it will take two or three months.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., May 19, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS:

Governor Yates is in Tennessee. It is doubtful whether a regiment can be raised here in thirty days. There are two regiments at Chicago, guarding prisoners, and one in Wisconsin. They are armed and ready for the field. I recommend that prisoners be sent to some island in Lake Erie near Sandusky, Ohio. If done, you can have three regiments, for one regiment of cavalry now guarding prisoners at this place could then guard all the prisoners in this State and Wisconsin.

ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, May 19, 1862.

General THOMAS:

Governor Morton is at Pittsburg Landing. I will telegraph your message to him. We can raise them as soon as any other State.

W. R. HOLLOWAY,

Governor's Private Secretary.

