
charged. It is thought that you can obtain negroes on the river.

They generally make good river men for steamers.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 23, 1862-8 a. m.

Honorable R. YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

I am pained to hear that you reject the service of an officer we sent to assista in organizing and getting off troops. Pennsylvania and Indiana accepted such officers kindly, and they now have more than twice as many new troops in the field as all the other States together. If Illinois had got forward as many troops as Indiana, Cumberland Gap would soon be relieved from its present peril. Please do not ruin us on punctilio.

A. LINCOLN.

STATE OF ILLINOIS, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Springfield, August 23, 1862-5.10 p. m.

(Received 9.15 p. m.)

Honorable A. LINCOLN:

I have received your unjust dispatch. I have not rejected the service of any officer. The statement is false. Illinois may be behind in getting her troops into the field because you have sent your paymasters and mustering officers to Pennsylvania and Indiana first, but I assert, sir, that no State has done more in so short a time than Illinois has without aid from your paymaster and mustering officers, and I point pride to 50,000 men now ready to go into the field, and only delayed, not by me, but for the want of blankets, guns, campkettles, &amp;c., which come from your depot. I regard your dispatch as uskind to me unjust [to] your State.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

We know what Governor Yates says to be true, and if your army officers were as loyal and efficient as he is you would hear less complaint. Who is your chief mustering [officer] here? Is it Colonel Morrison or General Judah?

WM. BUTLER.

JESSE K. DUBOIS.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., August 23, 1862-9.30 p. m.

(Received 1.10 p. m. 24th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The War Department telegraphs Colonel Morrison that they recognize him as chief mustering officer, and all mustering officers to be made to report to him. I request to be relieved, if possible, by telegraph to-day.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

