
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 23, 1862.

General J. H. LANE,

Commissioner of Recruiting, Leavenworth City, Kans.:

SIR: It has given me much satisfaction to be advised by your letter of the 18th instant that the objects of your commission are advancing beyond your expectations.* In regard, however, to that portion of your communication which contemplates the raising of two regiments of persons of African descent, you are informed that regiments of persons of African descent can only be raised upon express and special authority of the President. He has not given authority to raise such troops in Kansas, and it is not comprehended in the authority issued to you. Such regiments cannot be accepted into the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, Ky., August 23, 1862-11 a. m.

(Received 2 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War;

Colonel Seawell will not muster men over eighteen and under twenty-one years of age. This will injure us immensely in Kentucky. We cannot wait to get consent. They are subject to military duty. The rebels are enlisting thousands of such in Kentucky. I beg you will order him to muster all over eighteen. It is the first importance to us. Major-General Wallace asks for a regiment ready to muster, but Colonel Seawel will delay it a month until the State is overrun. Governor Robinson is anxious they be mustered as I ordered. General Wright is here.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 23, 1862.

Colonel W. SEAWELL,

Louisville, Ky.:

Muster all men over eighteen and under twenty-one. Do not wait for consent of parent or guardian, nor affidavit of captain. This modifies order of yesterday.

By order of the Secretary of War:

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKFORT, August 23, 1862-7 p. m.

(Received 8.45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Great confusion has arisen in organizing our Kentucky Volunteers from the fact that authority to receive regiments has been given to

---------------

* Letter omitted. Lane reported that he had raised three regiments of white soldiers and enough persons of African descent for two regiments.

---------------

