
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 24, 1862.

JOHN ARTHUR STEVENS,

New York:

DEAR SIR: I would be glad to have your aid as a special commissioner of this Department in relation to recruiting to fill up the old regiments from the State of New York. The period having expired to which the payment by the Government of bounty and one month's advance pay was limited, it is the desire of the Department to continue these payments to recruits for the old regiments. A list of the old regiments form New York showing the deficiency to be supplied according to the last official returns in the Adjutant-General's Office is herewith furnished you.* It is not absolutely accurate, because some of the deficiency is no doubt to be accounted for by persons absent leave, who have gone back to the ranks since the date of the return, but it will prove an approximate basis of estimate. Absolute accuracy cannot be had, as from various causes the number fluctuates at each roll- call.

You are fully aware of the importance of filling up the ranks of the old regiments, and now that the Government bounty is stooped as to the new regiments and continued as to the old regiments, an inducement will exist to go into the ranks of the latter. I would be glad to have you visit Albany and confer with the Governor and State military authorities, and upon conference with them report to me what plan of operations will be best adopted for the immediate filling up of the regiments. In some instances officers of the Army have been detailed to recruits their regiments. The first great object is to have combined and concerted action on this subject, so that there shall be no confusion or conflict between those who are engaged in the operation. That the end, as speedily as possible, a list of the officer engaged in recruiting will be made out and directions given to conform to such general plan as may he adopted. The time for paying bounties for the recruits for old regiments has been limited tot he 1st day of September, in hopes that the work might be accomplished within that period, but if necessary or the good of the service should require, it can be extended for a short period.

It is the desire of the Department in this, as in all other cases, to act in concert with the State authorities, and it therefore requests that a conference with them be had by you and report made before any specification is adopted. Until that time these general views, it is hoped, will sufficient to guide your action in the premises.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ALBANY, N. Y., August 24, 1862-12.15 a. m.

(Received 12.45 a. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

Your dispatch of this date received. The preliminary preparations for the draft, under General Orders, Numbers 99, have been made- that is to say, two citizens have been in each town and ward associated with the supervisors and assessors. Enrollment books have been printed

---------------

* Inclosure not found.

---------------

