
and placed in their hands. The enrollment is going or vigorously., It cannot be completed so as to form a fair and equitable basis for the draft, which is indispensable, and the required notice given earlier than September 15.

E. D. MORGAN.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 24, 1862-10 p. m .

(Received 10.45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Can our five regiments of three-months" men be mustered out in time to subject them to draft? If not there will be difficulty in filling up under reorganization. It they cannot be mustered out immediately, might not a strong detail be sent home at once to recruit for reorganization? Eighty-fourth at Cumberland, Md.; Eighty-sixth at Clarksburg, Va.; Eighty-seventh at Harper's Ferry; Eighty-eight at Camp Chase, Ohio.

C. W. HILL,

Adjutant-General of Ohio.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 24, 1862.

General JAMES GRAIG,

Fort Laramie:

You are authorized to raise 100 mounted men in the mountains and re-enlist the Utah troops for three months as requested in your telegram received to-day. It is impossible to sent you re- enforcement. You will hereafter report to Major-General Halleck, General-in-Chief, for instructions when required from Washington.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 24, 1862.

Governor HOLBROOK,

Brattleborough, Vt.:

The Department cannot give a formal extension of its order of graft, but will endeavor to accommodate to meet necessities in particular cases so far as may be consistent with the service and natural exigencies. Answer is delayed to your telegram respecting officers owing to the movements now in progress which render it impossible for some days to relieve officers. Your wishes will be complied with as far as possible.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, August 25, 1862.

Major-General GRANT,

Corinth, Miss.:

The Secretary of War directs that you seize, in the name of the united States, all cotton purchased or shipped by officers or men in

