
the military service of the United States, and turn the same over to the Quartermaster's Department, to be sold on account of whomsoever it may concern.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

(Same to Major-General Buell, Huntsville, Ala., and Major-General Curtis, Helena, Ark.)

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 25, 1862.

Memphis, Tenn.:

While it is our object at present to get possession of as much cotton as possible, such contraband articles as salt, military stores, medicines, &amp;c., must be excluded. The interior trade must be under the entire control of the military commander. I will write you more fully to-day.*

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HARTFORD, CONN., August 25, 1862-3.30 p. m.

(Received 5.10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The Fourteenth Regiment, complete, just left. The Sixteenth follows Wednesday. The Fifteenth Thursday. The Seventeenth full, and can leave Friday. The Nineteenth full, and will be mustered thursday. The Second Connecticut Battery full, and lacks forty- five horses. The Twentieth and Twenty-first Regiments nearly full, and can leave next week.

DAN TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

EXECUTE MANSION,

August 25, 1862.

Honorable R. YATES,

Governor, Springfield, Ill.:

Your denying that you have rejected the service of an officer sent you by us is received. Of course I do not question your word, and yet what I said was based upon direct evidence and I the more readily gave credit to it because I had previously had so much trouble between officers sent to Illinois and the State government there. I certainly cannot conceive what it was I said which can be construed as injustice to Illinois. I knew by your dispatches that Illinois had raised an unexpectedly large number of troops, and my impatience was that none of them could be got forward. I supposed, too, and know nothing to the contrary yet, that the Government had made the same provision for Illinois as for Pennsylvania and Indiana.

A. LINCOLN.

---------------

* See Service I, Vol. XVII, Part Ii, p. 186.

---------------

