
WAE DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 25, 1862.

Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

You will please report all of your troops, as fast as they are ready for the field, to the commander of the department, General Wright, except the three regiments ordered to Saint Louis by General Halleck and those in the already sent to General Grant. All others are subject to the orders of General Wright.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., August 25, 1862-12. 30 p. m.

(Received 3 p. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

Enrollment lists from many of the counties which were due the 1st instant are defective, and none have been returned from several counties. I have just ordered a new enrollment of the entire State, and therefore we may not be ready of a draft promptly on the 3rd proximo. I suggest no drafting would be necessary to enable us to furnish the balance required of us for the old regiments. Volunteering by companies with their own officers would be rapid, but slow when raised in squads to fill old companies. There will be but little delay after the 4th.

RICHARD YATES.

Governor.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., August 25, 1862-10.45 p. m.

(Received 3 a. m. 26th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Captain Geo. W. Hill, mustering and disbursing officer here, has 8,100 guns here. We want them to put into the hands of our troops who are leaving the State. He says he wants authority to give them up. Please do not let us be delayed on this account. We have over 50,000 men enrolled, and not to exceed 10,000 stand of good arms, the 8,100 inclusive. When and where am I to get the balance of arms required for them?

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 25, 1862-11 a. m.

(Received 2 p. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

The enrollment for the draft is nearly completed. The commissioners and their deputies meet on the 1st of September as boards in the various counties to correct the rolls and determine exemptions. The draft will be made on the 15th of September. It cannot be done sooner and be made accurate and satisfactory. In view of the condition of public sentiment in Indiana and other Western State, it is of the first importance that the draft be carefully and intelligently made.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

