
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 25, 1862.

His Excellency Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

Your State has responded so promptly and liberally to the call of the President for troops that the Department is willing to ford your every facility for filling your quota. You are therefore authorized to continue recruiting for your six incomplete regiments until the 1st of September. Bounty and advance pay will be allowed. Do not relax your efforts to fill old regiments. Report as soon as you can ascertain the exact number of volunteers for new and old regiments under existing calls.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ANNAPOLIS, MD., August 25, 1862.

(received 11.50 a. m.)

Brigadier-General BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The enrollment is progressing as fast as possible, but it is impossible to be ready for draft in the State by the 3rd of September. It will require in some parts of the State at least ten days longer time.

A. W. BRADFORD,

Governor of Maryland.

BOSTON, August 25, 1862.

(Received 8.33 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

We have now recruited 13,801 men for three years under July requisition. Nothing done afternoons in massachusetts but recruiting. Balance of quota sure. So will be militia quota if supplies are ready. I mean old Sixth Regiment of Baltimore memory to march 1st day of September.

JOHN A. ANDREW.

JACKSON, MICH., August 25, 1862.

(Received 12. 25 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

We have only commenced proceedings to draft, and cannot possibly be ready before the 15th of September. Let us recruits for old regiments until that time, and we will them with the three-years" volunteers.

AUSTIN BLAIR.

Governor.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., August 25, 1862-2.50 p. m.

(Received 11.37 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The Indian war has scattered our troops. It is impossible for the present to muster and may them by regiments. Order the officers

