
here, who are prepared to pay, to muster and pay by companies bounties and advance regard to date, and revoke conflicting orders. Answer immediately.

ALEX. REMSEY.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 25, 1862.

Governor RAMSEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

What conflicting orders do you want revoked? I am aware of none. The Deportment will not muster and pay by companies, nor will the time for advanced pay and bounties be extended. It has already expired, except for recruits for old regiments.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SAINT PAUL, August 25, 1862-2.30 p. m.

(Received 7.50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

SIR: Are the volunteers or special draft for old regiments a part of our quota of 5,360 men?

ALEX. RAMSEY,

Governor of Minnesota.

EXECUTE OFFICE,

Omaha, Nebr. Ter., Augusta 25, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have been informed that recruiting officers are now on the way here the First Regiment Nebraska Volunteers, now in service in Arkansas. Full 400 men are needed to fill up that regiment, and quite a large number will be required to fill up the cavalry we have in service. These recruits I shall endeavor to raise at the earliest possible moment. I would here remark that a recruiting officer called upon me yesterday with papers from General Lane asking me to assist in raising a regiment of three- years" men for his brigade. I informed him that I through it of more importance to raise and send recruits to the old regiments than to raise them for new ones, and that I must first fill up our old regiments, and them if we had the men to spare I would assist in raising men for General Lane's brigade. This recruiting officer things General Lanbe will not be satisfied with this course; thinks that the general's order should be filled first; but I feel confident you will approve of my course, for I know that a man sent to the old, faithful, and tried Nebraska First will be worth more to the country than one mustered into a new regiment here. Indeed, my own opinion is we have not the men to spare to fill up our own old regiments and make a new one for him. If after ours are filled it is possible to raise more men, as I have informed General Lane, I would render him any assistance in my power. I think that after raising the recruits alluded to for the old regiments we should be permitted to raise a regiment, it it can be done, for, say, nine or twelve months, to be kept for a defense of our own borders. They might perhaps with propriety be stationed at Fort Kearny,

