
and in that case the regulars at that point could be called to a more useful field.

Our frontier people are becoming much alarmed at the news of Indian hostilities in different parts of the country, and large numbers would volunteer for the service alluded to who would not enlist to go beyond our borders. nebraska had at the last general election only about 6,000 votes, and at least one-fifth part of that number are already in the Army, and as the drain of young men to the gold mines has fully equaled the number who have settled in the Territory, the number of men is probably no langer now than then; so you can at once see that no very large army can be raised here, but for home purposes many would turn our who really could not well go permanently beyond our own borders. I would like to have your opinion on this subject, and if you think it better to try and raise troops for general service rather than or border defense, I will immediately make the attempt after filling our old regiments. On this other point I feel confident you will say I am right in first filling up old regiments.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

A. SAUNDERS,

Governor of Nebraska.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 25, 1862.

HIS Excellency E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York:

SIR: The 9,000 Springfield rifles, the quota due to your State, were designed to arm ten regiments, and should therefore have been divided by 900, sending for five regiments 4,500 and retaining 4,500 in New York to arm five more regiments. A regiments filled to the maximum, and every man in line, only carries 950 muskets. In practice, maximum regiments never carry to exceed 900 muskets, and where 1,000 muskets are issued fully 10 per cent. of them are found to be superfluous and are commonly should for a trifle to grogshop keepers or pawnbrokers, or are given away. In this manner large number of arms are lost to the Government. The sick and those necessarily detailed on special duty, as cook, wagoners, &amp;c., reduce the musket bearers, so that when maximum regiments draw their arms here they can seldom produce more than from 800 to 870 men at the arsenal to be armed. Hence 900 muskets for each maximum regiment was deemed ample. Your attention is called to these facts in order that you may take such measures as will prevent an overissue of arms. The property return of each regiment should be transmitted to the Adjutant-General of the United States, that the officers may be held to a proper accountability for all the arms and accouterments received by them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 25, 1862-3.40 p. m.

(Received 5.15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Strange as the fact may be, we are without any exemption in Ohio, and that we may be able to keep the wheels of our State government

