
although directed to do so by act of Legislature, because the Secretary of War requested me not, as arms would be provided and the State would be a new competitor in market. I collected and repaired the old arms in the State, and am directed to furnished them to volunteer organizations now forming all over the State. Very few of them of the caliber of the Springfield rifle. I am retained by an act of Assembly from permitting volunteers leaving the State without arms. Will you not order 15,000 Springfield rifles here immediately, as we will sent troops this week as rapidly as last week and week before, and the arms sent will run out to-morrow? I hope I make myself understood, and most of all that my fervent wish is to send troops quickly and in large numbers. Please answer to-day?

A. G. SURTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 25, 1862.

His Excellency A. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg:

A further supply of arms were ordered on Saturday to be sent to your State. Ye have had your full share of Springfield arms, and with the exception of 2,700 Enfield arms for three regiments the remainder will be Austin guns for the thirty-eight regiments now ready.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, August 25, 1862.

Governor SPRAGUE,

Providence, R. I.:

GOVERNOR: Orders have been issued in the Department of the Mississippi to give all facilities to cotton traders consistent with military police and operations, and with the rules adopted to prevent contraband trade. Government transportation is also given where not interfering with thee supplying of the Army. Officers and men in the military service are not only forbidden to engage in trade, but commanding officers are directed to seize and sell cotton purchased by them. No special authority will be given to any cotton purchaser, but all who are trustworthy will have the same facilities and protection.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BRATTLEBOROUGH, August 25, 1862-9.40 a. m.

(received 10.40 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have interpreted your order of August 14, part second, that the organization only of the new regiments was required by the 22nd instant. Out two new regiments have been organized for eight days, but the severe medical inspection was only concluded this morning, and the men will be ready for muster in a day or two. The regiments

