
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 26, 1862.

His Excellency Governor KIRKWOOD,

Davenport, Iowa:

Your quota of 300,000 drafted men is 10,570. The number of volunteers called for July 2 being the same, if your volunteers for old and new regiments mustered in from July 2 to September 1 exceed this number, the exceeds may be deducted from the number drafted. If you cannot make the draft on the 3rd day of September, make it as soon thereafter as possible, yourself taking the responsibility of extending the time.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAE DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 26, 1862.

General BLUNT,

Commanding the Department of Kansas, Leavenworth:

It has been represented to the Department that a draft of militia in Kansas may seriously interfere with the operations of the Government trains to the Western post. The importance of preventing any interruption to army supplies is so great that if any of the employes of the trains should be drafted whose services are indispensable or difficult to be supplied, they should be discharged, and you will be authorized to do so.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FRANKFORT, KY., August 26, 1862-11 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

We are yet unadvised of the quota of Kentucky of the draft for the 300,000. Our preparations for the draft are progressing satisfactorily, and I will be obliged to you if you will direct proper officer to communicate with the adjutant-general of Kentucky.

JAS. F. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kentucky.

FRANKFORT, August 26, 1862-11 p. m .

(Received 10.45 a. m. 27th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Boyle telegraphs me that an order has been made not to arm and equip regiments until mustered in. This will be disastrous to my efforts in Kentucky. Our recruiting camps are in the midst of an enemy. The presence of Government recruits is an invitation to attack. It is cruel to expose the brave fellows to attack and slaughter without any means of defense. Kentucky in September last gave he whole armament to the Governments through General Anderson. Our arsenal is therefore empty. I invoke you, let Kentucky be excepted from the order. Let arms and quartermaster's stores be issued

