
uno requisition of our State authorities, and my word for it we will not abuse the authority, and we will rapidly fill up our levies.

J. F. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kentucky.
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, August 26, 1862-5 p. m .

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am much in want of cavalry to capture or break up rebel bands forming throughout the State, and detachments from some of the not fully organized regiments are now employed in that way and doing good service. I believe General Ripley authorities issues of arms, horse equipments, &amp;c., only after troops are mustered into service. This works badly, as we can"t arm and equip them till they are full. Would it not be proper to authorize the ordnance officer and quartermaster to issue supplies on the requisition of the State authorities to the except of the force to be raised in Kentucky without waiting for their muster or any special approvals from Ordnance Department? I earnestly recommend such authority. The rebels are getting recruits rapidly trout the State and can be stopped by cavalry parties only.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 26, 1862.

His Excellency Governor WASHBURN,

Augusta, Me.:

Your quota of 300,000 drafted men is 9,609. The number of volunteers called for July 2 being the same, if your volunteers for old and now regiments mustered in from July 2 to September 1 exceed this number, the excess may be deducted from the number drafted. If you cannot make the draft on the 3rd day of September, make it as soon thereafter as possible, yourself taking the responsibility of extending the time.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 26, 1862.

His Excellency Governor BRADFORD,

Baltimore, Md.:

Your quota of draft men is 6,000. If you cannot make the draft on the 3rd day of September, make it as soon as you can thereafter, yourself taking the responsibility of extending the time.

By orders of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

30 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

