
and new regiments mustered in from July 2 to September 1 exceed this number, the excess may be deducted from the number drafted. if you cannot make the draft on the 3rd day of September, make it as soon thereafter as possible, yourself taking responsibility of extending the draft.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 26, 1862.

His Excellency Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

Your quota of 300,000 drafted men is 36,858. The number of volunteers called for July 2 being the same if your volunteers for old and new regiments mustered in from July 2 to September 1 exceed this number, the excess may be deducted from the number drafted. By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 26, 1862-3.15 p. m.

(Received 5. 10 p. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

Lieutenant-Colonel Grier, chief of mustering, and Captain A. B. Dod, mustering officer, unite in saying that under the order of the President, dated August 14, 1862, relating to recruiting, there is no authority to muster either officers or soldiers into the service in new organizations of volunteers after the 22nd instant, and they therefore decline any for the mustering in such cases. This rule will stop the work in nearly all of our regiments, as we have had only a small supply of mustering officers, and they came late. Many of the field and staffs of the first batch of new regiments are yet to be appointed, and out of caution only a few officers were appointed for the last batch. Governor asks authority to make appointments as far as he may find necessary to organize and officer the men enlisted within the order, and a direction that all such officers and men be mustered as within the order. Please reply by telegram.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Adjutant-General of Ohio.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 26, 1862-9.15 p. m.

(Received 10.50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Honorable Georgia E. Pugh propose to raise an infantry regiment in Hamilton Country in ten days. I deem it important to enlist him and his friends in the war, and therefore hope you will give me authority to accept it.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

