
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 26, 1862.

Governor CURTIN:

No advanced pay or bounty can be allowed to any recruits for new regiments after the period specified in the order of Department heretofore issued. If the regiments are full by the of September they will be accepted, but without bounty to the recruits enlisted after the specified date. The condition of enlistments in the different States requires the order of the Department to remain unchanged.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 26, 1862.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Your quota of 300,000 drafted men is 45,321. The number of volunteers called for July 2 being the same, if your volunteers for old and new regiments mustered in from July 2 to September 1 exceed this number, the excess may be deducted from the number drafted. If you cannot make the draft on the 3rd of September, make it as soon therefore as possible, yourself taking the responsibility of extending the time.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, August 26, 1862-10 a. m.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Mr. Meredith wrote you suggesting that an order he made to authorize the commissioners in large cities to divide into small districts, if necessary, to facilitate baste the draft, and to appoint duties, all to approved by the Governor of the State. Will you please to make the order, as I am now appointing commissioners and surgeons. A good intelligent man can divide a city like Philadelphia, and appoint more intelligently than the Governor. I have appointments enough. Please answer to-day.

A. G. CURTIN.

HARRISBURG, August 26, 1862-12 m.

(Received 1.45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I suggest that you authorize to [be] accepted regiments in Philadelphia, have men mustered i until 1st September, and instruct General Wool, commanding this military district, to consolidate all that do not reach minimum standard on that day. I am fully satisfied that many men will be saved to the service by such an order. Five of the regiments have from 500 to 650 men, and can, I think, be filled by that time. I make this request with great reluctance, as your order was made after due deliberation, but am justified by my full belief that it is justice to the public service. Please answer promptly.

A. G. CURTIN.

