
IOWA CITY, May 20, 1862.

(Received 9.30 p. m. 21st.)

Adjutant-General THOMAS:

I can raise one infantry regiment, I think, within sixty days from receipt of authority. I am requested by General Halleck to recruit Iowa regiments now in the field. Raising new regiments will prevent recruiting for the old ones. Can raise two or three, I think, if sufficient time be given. Please answer immediately.

SAML. J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor.

ORONO, May 20, 1862. (Via Bangor.)

Adjt. General L. THOMAS:

Could raise one regiment in two weeks after orders received. Three or four probably in a month. Would depend much upon the apparent exigency. If great, the time might be shortened. It would help if part of the bounty could be advanced.

ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.

CONCORD, N. H., May 20, 1862.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS:

Your telegram is received. Will answer to-morrow.

N. S. BERRY,

Governor.

PROVIDENCE, May 20, 1862.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS:

One regiment and one battery three-months" men in say one week, and one regiment and one battery three-years" men in say three weeks.

WM. SPRAGUE.

BRATTLEBOROUGH, VT., May 20, 1862.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS:

If necessary, Vermont will raise one or more regiments of infantry, as may be required, within a reasonable time; say one regiment in forty days, and perhaps less, and two regiments in sixty days, or possibly less. To be clothed, armed, and equipped by the United States before leaving the State, and to be sent to Washington or elsewhere when directed, provided the entire and exclusive control of recruiting and organizing is left with the State authorities to be exercise and carried [on] by them. The clothing, arming, and equipping need not delay the moving of regiments, and our people will feel better satisfied if it is done before they leave the State. Our community is mainly agricultural and most of our young men have made engagements for the season. Troops could have been raised a few weeks ago much more rapidly than now, and if they are to be raised it is necessary that the requisition be made upon us without delay. Please reply to-day if possible.

F. HOLBROOK,

Governor of Vermont.

