
MADISON, WIS., August 26, 1862-4.45 p. m.

(Received 9.35 p. m.)

Hon E. M. STANTON:

What course shall I take where in a township no man will serve as enrolling officer and the people refuse to give their names sand abandon their house an officer comes to enroll them? Answer.

EDWIN. SALOMON,

Governor.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, August 27, 1862.

Senior Don GABRIEL GARCIA Y TASSARA, &amp;C.:

The undersigned, Acting Secretary of State of the United States, has the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Mr. Tassara's note of the 21st instant on the subject of an alleged unjustifiable proceeding on the part of the military authorities of the United States an New Orleans toward the firm of Messrs. Puig Brothers, and to inform him, in reply, that a copy of his communication has been submitted to the Secretary of War with the request that the matter may be promptly and properly investigated.

The undersigned offers to Mr. Tassara renewed assurances of his very high consideration.

F. W. SEWARD.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 27, 1862.

Governor ISRAEL WASHBURN, Jr.,

Augusta, Me.:

In answer to applications for a postponement of the time for drafting militia, the Secretary of war directs me to say that in the present exigency of the country the Department cannot postpone the time fixed by the order heretofore issued, but must leave the responsibility of any delay with those who make it; that if in any State the draft be not made at the time specified in the order of August 14, it should be made as speedily thereafter as practicable.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Governors Nathaniel S. Berry, Concord, N. H., Frederick

Holbrook, Brattleborough, Vt.; William A. Buckingham, Hartford, Conn.; John A. Andrew, Boston, Mass.; William Sprague, Providence, R. I.; E D. Morgan, Alabany, N. YT., Andrew G. Curtin, Harrisburg, Pa., Charles S. Olden, Trenton, N. J.; William Burton, Dover, Del.; David Tod, Columbus, Ohio; O. P. Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.; Richard Yates, Springfield, Ill.; Alexander Ramsey, Saint Paul, Minn.; Austin Blair, Detroit, Mich.; Edward Salomon, Madison, Wis.; S. J. Kirkwood, Davenport, Iowa; A. W. Bradford, Annapolis, Md.)

