
War DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 27, 1862.

His Excellency Governor BUCKINGHAM,

Hartford, Conn.:

Supply the 5,000 Springfield and Enfield arms as you propose. Accouterments will be furnished by the Ordnance Department on your quartermaster-general's requisition.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

MILFORD, DEL., August 27, 1862.

(Received 11 a. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

Your dispatch of the 26th instant is received. In reply I have to say that the enrolling is being made as expeditiously as possible. Several commissions have been returned, which have delayed the enrollment somewhat. At the earliest practicable day I shall direct the draft to be made-say by the 25th of September.

WM. BURTON,

Governor of Delaware.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., August 27, 1862-8.30 p. m.

(Received 1 a. m. 28th.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

A few lieutenants were appointed under General Orders, Numbers 75. A part succeeded in raising their companies and the balance did not. As soon as possible I will report their names. In the meantime those who did not succeed will not be paid. In reply to the question an to what hinders the prompt organization of our regiments, I have the honor to inform you that the want of money, want of paymasters, and want of mustering officers until a very few days, and the continued want of tents, clothing, and almost everything but men, have been the principal cause of delay. The General Government can depend upon 50,000 volunteers from this State unless the thousands in our camps poorly provided for, and thousands of others, who are pressing upon us for quarters and supplies, become discouraged and demoralized.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL, August 37-9. 25 p. m.

(received 2.35 a. m. 28th.)

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

In your dispatch of August 5 your stated that any surplus furnished by a State above its proportion would be credited to the draft. Dispatch of the 8th you said that the quota was 26,148, but on account of excess before then furnished it would be but 9,170; to which draft of 26,148 would be total of entire quota under both calls of 35,320. One the same day said all volunteers enlisted before the draft would be credited on balance, as stated in last telegram. The same day said to my adjutant-general that all volunteers would be accepted until August 15. After that all that offered would be accepted for filling

