
up old regiments. On the 9th said your telegram of the 8th was erroneous, and that it should have referred only to the militia, &amp;c.; but the total quota for the State wan not as I understood, changed, but that in fixing the quota volunteers the excess we had finished would not be credited on the volunteer call, but on the militia call, leaving the aggregate under both calls, as before stated, 35,320. The State has been prevented from filling up their old regiments. The General Government having established, modified, and repealed, and again reinstated General Orders, Numbers 105, of 1861, under which very little has been to fill up our old regiments, and now we are threatened with a draft for that purpose, I repeat, the State of Illinois has raised under the last two calls 50,000 volunteers for three years. I do not intend to be troublesome, but simply ask for information-How many more men does the General Government demand from this State as her just proportion, and does she require than number be drafted when they are ready to volunteers?

RICHD. YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

WASHINGTON, August 27, 1862.

His Excellency O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana, Indianapolis:

Six thousand three hundred Springfield rifle musters to arm nine regiments, and 5,400 European rifle necessary accouterments, have been ordered to Indianapolis by first trains. Also cavalry equipments and pistols and sabers for a regiment. We have no carbines at this time,but will have them soon.

P. H. WATSON.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, August 27, 1862-4 p. m.

(Received 9.15 p. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

You can, I think, safely count on the 18,000.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General.

LAWRENCE, KANS., August 27, 1862.

(Via Leavenworth 10.30 a. m. 28th. Received 5.30 p. m. 28th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am desired by a large number of citizens to tender their services to you for nine months. Will they be received?

C. ROBINSON,

Governor.

BOSTON, MASS., August 27, 1862-12.30 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Please authorize the U. S. mustering officers to must in our militia as nine-months" men, as I may request. We have thousands

