
of militia enlisted for nine months. Can"t get a quartermaster mustered in because regiment not organized. Can"t get regiment organized because no way to get store and means to encamp. Please allow mustering and supplies to go as in volunteer regiments, at my discretion. Reply immediately.

JNO. A. ANDREW.

DETROIT, August 27, 1862.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Seventeenth Regiment leaves this evening, completely armed and equipped. The commandant, Colonel Withington, will telegraph from Harrisburg for orders to be received at Baltimore. The Twenty-fourth Regiment will leave to-morrow night, and the Twentieth on Monday night. Every effort is being made to forward the balance of the troops.

H. D. TERRY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[AUGUST 27, 1862.-For Lincoln to Ramsey, in regard to the extension of time for draft in Minnesota, see Series I, Vol. XIII, p. 599.]

SAINT LOUIS, August 27, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The Thirteenth Regiment of Missouri Volunteers was formed at this place by the voluntary union of certain companies recruited in Ohio with certain other companies recruited in Missouri, with the agreement between those who were to hold the field offices that Colonel Wright should be the colonel of the regiment and Lieutenant-Colonel St. James should be the lieutenant-colonel of the regiment, and it was to have the designation of a Missouri regiment. Under this arrangement I commissioned the officers of the regiment, and all appeared to move well until the lieutenant- colonel, St. James, was killed at Shiloh. Then there was put in operation a scheme for filling all vacancies in the regiment by the appointment of officers from Ohio and finally and order was obtained (how, I will not say) for turning over the whole regiment to the State of Ohio, and it has been made to assume the designation of the Twenty-second Ohio, when the original Ohio regiment of that number was disbanded for cowardice. The Missourians in the regiment are very much dissatisfied and are anxious to be in service bearing the name of their State. Their complaints are the more reasonable because the original formation of the regiment and the combination of companies from different States was with the express understanding that the whole body should be know as the Thirteenth Missouri Volunteers. I have no spirit for this practice of grasping at fame for my own State which has been so frequently shown by Governors of other States, but I cannot quietly consent to have men of Missouri retained in a position to which they object and in which they are less likely to render good service, if I can help

