
it. I would forward to you the very numerous applications which I have received asking me to do something for the restoration of the men who are from this State to the service, in the name of the State. I will not, however, burden you with the reading of those papers. They are very numerous and strongly express the dissatisfaction of the writers. I would ask that the companies mustered i Missouri be turned over to the service in a Missouri regiment either now in the field or a new regiment, as you may think proper. There are regiments from Missouri very much reduced now near the location of this, whose ranks would be filled up by truing these companies over to them. I think, sir, you will find in the mode in which this regiment was originally formed, by agreement, a sufficient reason for restoring these Missouri companies to the service as Missouri troops.

Very respectfully, your obtained servant,

H. R. GAMBLE,

Governor of Missouri.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 27, 1862.

Governor OLDEN,

Trenton, N. J.:

Please forward your regiments immediately to Washington.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 27, 1862.

Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

There will be no objection to receiving the regiment proposed to be raised in Hamilton Country if raised under your authority, but to advanced pay or bounty can be allowed, because that having been stopped in all the other States except for recruits in old regiments, no preference or exception can be justly made. Numerous applications from different States to continue the pay and bounty for the purpose of raising or filling up new regiments have been denied and it would be a breach of good faith to do it in one case and refuse it in all others, and would subject the Government to deserved reproach.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., August 27, 1862-10 a. m.

(Received 11.30 a. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

I have extended time until 15th of September to make draft. it is a large work in this State, but we can do it them. The arms ordered on Saturday have not arrived, and our regiments are ready and waiting on them. After the positive refusal of the Secretary, on my request, to give time, the exceptions made to some regiments are causing much trouble, and force me to explain, which I will do and refer them all to Washington. Please say to the Secretary that the division asked for in Philadelphia can be made better by a prudent man than by me, and the subordinates could be better selected in the

