
same way. The reason why I asked that the division and names be submitted to me was to prevent too many districts or too many deputies. I wish to hasten the draft by some such arrangement. If desired, we can try first without any such arrangement. I think population as a basis, we are charged some 12,000 too many men for the draft.

A. G. CURTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 27, 1862.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

No exceptions to the rule have been made among your regiments in giving time, except to Colonel Ellmaker's. That was full to the minimum and was permitted to recruit to the maximum. Your quota of draft men is correct.

C. P. BUCKINGNAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, August 27, 1862-3 p. m.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

Major Lyon, the paymaster here, hesitates about paying the volunteers for nine months the month's pay in advance. Please have him telegraphed to pay at once. Do not hesitate. If it is not done we will have trouble here and you will at Washington. Answer immediately, as the regiments can leave in the morning if paid. I regret this trouble and delay, and hope you will have it corrected at once. Send on arms. We will be out to-morrow.

A. G. CURTIN.

HARRISBURG, PA., August 27, 1862-5.55 p. m.

(Received 7.10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

We have about 7,000 troops at our camp, most of them in readiness to leave in regiments, and other regiments are ordered here from various parts of the State. I ask that General Ketchup, or some officer of rank, be sent here to-night, to whom we can refer the many questions arising which the U. S. officers here are unwilling to assume the responsibility of disposing of. No arms have yet arrived. Send a as many Springfield and Minie rifles as you can possibly.

A. G. CURTIN.

PHILADELPHIA, August 27, 1862.

(Received 11.20 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

If it be possible to extend the time for recruiting until arrangements for drafting in Pennsylvania are completed it should be done. Many district, if given a little time, will secure volunteers for their entire quota and thus avoid drafting altogether. Our people anxious to have all the time possible. Please answer.

THOPS. A. SCOTT.

