
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 27, 1862.

THOMAS A. SCOTT, Esq.,

Philadelphia:

The pay and bounty will be allowed until the time of drafting for recruits for the old regiments. The distinction is made between them and the new regiments in order to fill up the old regiments. The same credit to the fullest extent is in either case given to the State, district, of township.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 27, 1862.

Governor SALOMON,

Madison, Wis.:

In the case supposed in your telegram of yesterday afternoon I do not know anything better than to "let them slide."

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MADISON, WIS., August 27, 1862-11.45 a. m.

(Received 6.45 p. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

Your dispatch received. It it means to say that the number of troops to be raised, beginning with the call of July 2, is 23,808 and that besides this we are to have a special draft for what is necessary to fill our regiments to maximum, I want your understand this would amount to 29,712. You called on us July 8. for five regiments, as a part of our quota of the 300,000 volunteers; but in dispatch of August 6, in ordering the draft of 11,904 men, you expressly stated that the States should have credit for whatever surplus they had therefore sent to the field. Our surplus was somewhere about 5,000, so that we supposed our first call provided for when we had the five regiments called for July 8 full. We have then gone on receiving and organizing volunteers, to be credited on our draft, assigning the quota of counties on the basis as above, as we understood it. Must of our counties have thus raised their quota, and very great dissatisfaction would arise if the figures given them, fully authorized by dispatches on file, are not adhered to now. What I want to know is, whether you wall on us to supply 6,904 men on our first call, and give us no credit for surplus sent before July 2. I ought to have a distinct understanding on this point at once. All I ask is to fix our number definitely and justly and let me know it. Can I receive volunteers for old regiments after September 1 and until draft/

E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

MADISON, WIS., August 27, 1862-4.50 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch received. I assure the Department that I shall make the draft on the first day possible, but what I want is to be

