
allowed to receive volunteers for the old regiments up to the time when I get ready to draft. Our people are ready and anxious to do this, and we cannot draft before September 15. Please answer this point favorably and definitely. I have now five regiments in camp, which might leave for the field in a week if they had their necessary equipments. They have no haversacks or canteens, and I have eight more ready for camp, for which there are no stores whatever provided. In this connection I ask attention to my letters to General Migs and repeated dispatches to the War Department for the appointment of Mr. Vandyke as U. s. quartermaster here. The new man sent here is unacquainted with the business, and unwilling to take the responsibility to help us in this matter. We are doing all that were can and ask the prompt co-operation of the Department.

E. SALOMON.

Governor of Wisconsin.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 28, 1862.

His Excellency RICHARD YATES,

Governor, Springfield, Ill.:

My telegram of August 8 was written under a misapprehension of the Secretary's views. On the 9th I corrected it, but your inferences from the latter are wrong. No orders have been given for a draft to fill old regiments. It has been said that such an order would be given; that is all. Leave that matter, then, entirely out of sight in your present proceeding. If I were with you I could explain former telegrams, but cannot in a telegram. Setting them all aside, your quota of militia is 26,148, as stated heretofore. Your quota of 3200,000 volunteers is the same, making 52,296. Deduct from this all volunteers for three years, enlisted and mustered from July 2 to September 1 for old and new regiment, and the remainder is the number to be drafted. In reapply to your other telegram, it is not understood here how the want of paymasters, money, and mustering officers can prevent the organization of regiments, as the companies should be complete before their duties begin and may at once be formed into regiments. To furnish tents is simply impossible, but quartermasters will supply anything that the country affords for shelter. Every nerve is strained to obtain and furnish supplies, but your promptness in volunteering has outstripped all the estimates of the Department. The entire resources of the country are being used without stint to meet the emergency. Your anxiety about it cannot exceed that of this Department.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 28, 1862.

(Via Leavenworth.)

Governor ROBINSON,

Lawrence:

Volunteers for three years or during the war are the only ones received. Volunteers for nine months are not required at present.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

