
STATE OF WISCONSIN, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Madison, May 20, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS, U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Your dispatch of yesterday asking "how soon the State can raise and organize one or more infantry regiments and have them ready to be forwarded to Washington to be armed and equipped?" is received, and I hasten to reply:

It is easy to say, while it would be true, that the patriotic people of Wisconsin are ready still to furnish troops at the call of Government to aid in maintaining the laws, although they have already largely exceeded the quota assigned to them, having sent to the field about 2,500 men. But while I can readily say that one or two regiments can be easily raised in this State, it is impossible to fix upon any time when a regiment can be ready; and before undertaking to raise any more troops it is necessary that the Department should understand and act upon certain matters which our past experience has taught us and our present financial condition imposes upon us. First, such delay has occurred in obtaining reimbursements of the large amount expended in raising troops in this State that we have no money. Therefore if we undertake to raise more troops it must be under such arrangements by Government that the expenses of transportation and subsistence, together with legitimate recruiting expenses, shall be met promptly on the rendering of accounts. If, as I presume would of course be the case, these various expenses are to be met through the U. S. officer detailed for mustering duty, I deem it quite important that some other officer than Captain Trowbridge be assigned to that duty, there having been many complaints against that officer and much trouble to the State authorities arising therefrom. Major Smith, who has been the recruiting superintendent for this State, and who is stationed here, would be every way acceptable if Government could place these matters in his hands. Second, in regard to equipment, your dispatch proposes to equip the troops at Washington in the ordinary dress in which they come to camp. Clothing should be supoccur to the Department that in the regiment are absolutely necessary, so that these must be provided here, and by the United States. U. S. Quartermaster Potter, stationed at Chicago, has an agent here and military store. Third, in regard to pay of officers: The existing construction of the laws of Congress relative to the pay of officers, by which, while those laws of Congress relative to the pay of officers, by which, while those laws are supposed to place the volunteer officers on the same footing as regulars, they do not effect that object, operates very unfavorably in regard to obtaining the services of competent officers. While the officers appointed to posts in the regular service are placed upon pay from the date of accepting commission and being assigned to duty, our volunteer officers cannot get pay except from the time when they are mustered into U. S. service, and this will not be done until, if first lieutenants, they have forty men; or if captains or third lieutenants, they have eighty- three men; or if field or staff officers, as limited by general orders. Thus, while demanding the most energetic action and devotion of their whole time from the date of commencing to raise a company, the Government does not pay them from that date. Unless some different rule is adopted, by which officers will be paid from the time when they, be

