
my efforts at every turn. If the whole recruitment, transportation, and equipment were left to the State, as last lire, we should be a month ahead of our present condition.

JOHN A. ANDREW.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington. D. C., August 28, 1862.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston:

If all the State were like Massachusetts and all Governors like hers, transportation and everything else might be left to State authorities. It must be done to all or mone. Experience of last year produced too many frightful evils to renew the experiment. If the disbursing officers in one State trouble you so much I have eighteen times as much trouble. We must both, therefore, patiently endure what we cannot remedy. The rules will, however, be changed or modified as far as possible to cure the evils you suffer under.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 28, 1862.

His Excellency Governor MORGAN,

Albany, N. Y.:

Sixty-three hundred Enfield rifles with accouterments have been ordered to Elmira. This number is sufficient for arming seven maximum regiments.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 28, 1862-6 p. m.

(Received 8 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Some few weeks since you authorized me to convert the Eighty- fifth Regiments Ohio Volunteer Infantry (three-months" State guards) into a three-years" force for like duty. Some considerable progress has been made in it. The recent discharge of prisoners of war at Camp chase renders so large a force unnecessary. I have, therefore, to advise that you authorize me to retain three companies to guard political prisoners and accept the balance for a regiment of three-years" troops, with authority to fill it up with new recruits, giving me until the 10th day of September.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

HARRISBURG, August 28, 1862-5 p. m.

(Received 5.45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Fourteen regiments of nine-months" men have already gone forward from this State. Two nine-months" regiments will leave this evening and to-morrow morning. This includes all nine-months" men.

