
To-morrow evening a regiment of three-years" men will leave. Colonels Biddle's and Wister's incomplete regiments will be ordered here from Philadelphia on the 1st of September and completed. There will them remain in Camp Curtin, including a few companies to arrive from distant counties companies to make six regiments, and they will be at once made up. I expect to find in Philadelphia the following regiments complete, or very nearly so: Colonels Tippin's, Collis" Prevost's, Ellmaker's, and Heenan's. The incomplete regiments will be those of Colonels Schreyber, davis, Adams, and Johnston, and of these I will probably make one.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

BRATTLEBOROUGH, VT., August 28, 1862-12 m.

(Received 1.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The quota of Vermont for old regiments will be filled by September 1,. but the men ar so scattered that we cannot concentrate them by the date. I desire authority their bounty and premium, so soon as I can present them to the mustering officer, without reference to time, which will be at the earliest moment possible, being overrun with business in getting up at the same moment our quota of nine-months" men. We shall evidently be able to furnish both the quota of three-years" and nine-months" men without draft.

FREDERICK HOLBROOK,

Governor of Vermont.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 28, 1862.

His Excellency GOVERNOR SALOMON,

Madison, Wis.:

Telegram of yesterday received. Your are in error in estimating your quota of troops sent to the field before July 2. Instead of surplus of 5,000 it was about 600, and has been disregarded in all estimates. Disregard for the present any draft for filling old regiments. That is an affair distinct and separate from present proceedings, which are simply to fill your quota of volunteers and militia, amounting together to 23,808. From this number subtract the number of volunteers for there years mustered in from July 2 to September 1 for old new regiments, and the remainder is the number to be drafted.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MADISON, WIS., August 28, 1862-4.10 p. m.

(Received 7.45 p. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

Your dispatch received. There must ba a very serious mistake in your figures relative to our quota. If 11,904 is our quota of 300,000 then our quota of the original 500,000 was 19,840. The muster-rolls

31 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

