
here show that we had sent prior to May 30 24,653-a surplus of 4,813. The number of about 20,000 as our quota was given at Washington by the Secretary of war to my private secretary, who, as the secretary of Governor Randall, was there on military business. We have always acted on that supposition. There can be no mistake about this on our part. The muster-rolls show the men you call upon. As your construction would make us draft a large number of men from a people already discontented because they are not allowed to volunteer, please revise your figures.

E. SALMON,

Governor.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 119. Washington, August 29, 1862.

The following orders are published for the information and government of all concerned:

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 28, 1862.

ORDER RESPECTING TRADE REGULATIONS.

The attention of all officers and other connected with Army of United States is called to the regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury concerning commercial intercourse with insurrectionary States, or sections, dated August 28, 1862.

I. Commandants of departments, district,a nd posts will render all such military aid as may become necessary in carrying out the provisions of said regulations and enforcing observance thereof to the extent directed by the Secretary of the Treasury, so far as can possibly be done without danger to the operations or safety of their respective commands.

II. There will be no interference with trade in or shipments of cotton, or other merchandise, conducted in pursuance of said regulations, with any territory occupied and controlled by the force of the United States, unless absolutely necessary to the successful execution of military plans or movements therein. But in cases of the violation of the condition of any clearance of permit under said regulations, and in cases of unlawful traffic, the guilty party or parties will be arrested and the facts promptly reported to the commandant of the department for orders.

III. No officer of the Army, or other person connected therewith, will seize cotton needed for military purposes, or for confiscation under the act of Congress and in all such cases of seizure the same shall be promptly reported to the commandant of the department wherein they are made for his orders therein.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT, GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 121. Washington, August 29, 1862.

ORDER CONCERNING SUPPLIES TO DRAFTED MILITIA.

The commissioners for drafting in each country will, one the assembling of the draft at the country seat, appoint a lance corporal for every eight men, and a lance sergeant for every sixteen men, and will make fair and reasonable contracts for cooked provisions sufficient to subsist the men until their arrival at the camp of rendezvous and twenty-four hours thereafter; copies of these contracts and duplicate bills, certified by the commissioner and by the mustering officer, will be sent to the Commissary-General for payment.

