
The commissioner will accompany the men to the camp, taking the control of the, providing for their transportation by railroad or steam-boat when practicable, and where it is necessary to march he may provide a reasonable amount of transportation for the provisions and baggage of the men. The expenses of transportation will be paid by the Quartermaster's Department on duplicate bills, certified by the commissioner.

The chief mustering officer of each State will immediately, in formity with the regulations of the Subsistence Department, advertise for separate proposals and make contract for uncooked rations for each camp, and will also immediately make their requisitions on the Commissary-General For funds to meet all subsistence for drafted men while their remain at camp of rendezvous.

Until companies are organized the rations will be supplied on the returns of the commander of each camp, and his receipt will be the basis for a settlement with the contractor.

After organization into companies rations will be issued on returns signed by the company commanders, and approved by the commandant of the camp.

After being organized into regiment rations will be supplied to the regimental quartermaster on regimental returns signed im and approved by the colonel, the regimental quartermaster being charged

with their distribution to the companies.

Cooking utensils and such other camp equipage and blankets as can be furnished by the Quartermaster's Department will be supplied as soon as possible by the U. S. quartermasters hereinafter named, on the requisition of the commandants of camps of rendezvous within their respective districts, and will be issued by such commandants to the men, as follows: Each man receiving a blanket will receipt for the same, which receipt will be turned over by the commandant of the camp of rendezvous to the quartermaster of his regiment as soon as he shall be appointed, and he shall make the proper entry on his account.

Camp equipage issued before the organization of companies will be received for by the lance sergeant of the squad, and taken up by

quartermaster of the regiment on his return as soon as the regiment is organized. When issued after the organization of a company it will be receipted for by the captain and taken up in like manner.

It will be the duty of the officer of the U. S. Quartermaster's Department to forward to the several camps of rendezvous as soon as possible camp and garrison equipage necessary for the first organization. Arrangements now in progress will provide the uniform clothing, which will not be issued to the soldiers until the organization of regiments is completed.

As the sudden call for volunteers and militia has exhauste military purposes in the market, and it will take some time to procure by manufacture or importation a sufficient supply, all citizens who may volunteer or be drafted are advised to take with them to the rendezvous, if possible a good stout woolen blanket. The regulation military blankets is 84 by 66 inches and weighs five pounds.

As all clothing, blankets, and shoes issued by the United States to its troops are charged at average cost, and no soldier who furnished his own blanket is required to draw to draw one, it is to his interest to supply himself and thereby avoid much discomfort, as it is impossible for the United States to supply all the troops immediately.

