
The camps of rendezvous in the different States will be supplied by the U. S quartermaster, as follows: Camps in Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Captain McKim, assistant quartermaster, Boston; Vermont, Connecticut, Rhode Island, new York, New Jersey (part Jersey (part of), Pennsylvania, Delaware, Colonel Crosman, deputy quartermaster-general, Philadelphia. Camps near Harrisburg will be supplied by requisition upon Captain E. C. Wilson, assistant quartermaster, at Harrisburg. Those near Pittsburgh by Major A. Montgomery, quartermaster, U. S. Army, at Pittsburgh; Ohio, Captain J. H. Dickerson, assistant quartermaster, Cincinnati; Indiana, Captain James A. Ekin, assistant quartermaster, Indianapolis; Illinois, Wisconsin, Captain J. A. Potter, assistant quartermaster, Chicago; Kentucky, Colonel Thomas Swords, assistant quartermaster-general, Louisville; Michigan, Captain G. W. Lee, assistant quartermaster, Detroit; Iowa, Captain,. H. B. Hendershott, Second Artillery, davenport; Minnesota, Captain T. M. Saunders, Third Artillery, Saint Paul. Camps near Saint Louis will be supplied by Major Robert Allen, chief quartermaster of the Department of the Mississippi.

By orders of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 29, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Cincinnati:

Great evils attend the issue of ordnance upon requisitions of State authorities, and it is sanctioned by no law or regulation. You must either take the responsibility of making specific requisitions yourself, for the propriety of which you will hold yourself responsible, or you should qualify your order to Lieutenant Edson to the effect that when he receives a requisition from State authority he shall first communicate it to the Department for approval before filling it.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, August 29, 1862-7.30 p. m.

(Received 10.05 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I will countermand the order to Lieutenant Edson, which was in accordance with usage in many States,a nd what I understood to be General Halleck's views. I say, however, that unless carried out we risk the loss of many recruits from Kentucky regiments. They are being formed in district liable to raids, and they can"t defend themselves without arms, even if fully organized. I am sensible of evils to which you refer, but in the condition in which the State of Kentucky now is I am sure they are the lesser. The rebels sent off bodies of recruits within thirty miles of Louisville while I was there.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

