
23rd instant. All our new regiments will not be mustered in by September 1, owing to distance, slowness of transportation, and want of barracks and blanker, but will be as soon as they can be got together. If our quotas of both calls for 300,000 men are filled by volunteers on the 23rd will the drafted men go into the old regiments? Are we not entitled to a credit for excess of volunteers now in service in the old regiments?

SAML. J. KIRKWOOD.

FRANKFORT, KY., August 29, 1862-5.30 p. m.

(Received 9.50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Paymaster Larded advised me that he has instructions not to pay advance pay or bounty ($25) to twelve-months" men. This decision if adhered to will destroy the one-year regiments now ready for muster. I beg to call your attention to your order of July 23 last authorizing John B. Temple to raise three regiments of cavalry for one year. I pray you respond as early as practicable, as the question is of vital importance to our service here.

J. F. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kentucky.

HARRISBURG, August 29, 1862-12 m.

(Received 1.50 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

The One hundred and forty-first Regiment, which leaves this evening, is a fine body of men from that part of the State having no military organization, and there is but one man in it that has any military knowledge whatever. This regiment is without a field officer, and it very important that a military officer be appointed colonel. The Governor desires Major henry Madill, Sixth Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, and I request that in this special case the rule be departed from and the Governor be authorized to commission him. Some of the companies of the regiment come from Major Madill's county. The One hundred and thirty-eighth Regiment, Colonel Sumwalt, will leave to-morrow morning and a Bucktail regiment will leave in the evening. Two regiments will be organized and sent forward every day until all the companies are consolidated. I leave for Philadelphia to- night.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 29, 18672.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Your telegram received. Major Madill may commissioned for the reasons stated. I am glad you are getting along so well, but you should remain at Harrisburg and Philadelphia until the work is done, for as soon as you leave the spot new troubles will arise. Hurry on the troops; there is reason for it.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

