
State authority and commission, commence their work of raising companies, I should consider it a matter of great difficulty to obtain the service of proper men for the purpose, and would be reluctant to enter upon the business unless the need of Government is very pressing. Our people are as patriotic as any, but so many of our officers have been badly treated in the matter of pay, earned with great labor and really no remuneration for their sacrifices and outlay, that good men will hesitate to enter upon the work of recruiting. With the matters above referred to arranged and distinctly understood so as to be laid before the people, we can raise one or two regiments in a brief period of time, probably as soon as they can be raised in any other State in the Union, and I shall be glad to do so, promising that no delay not absolutely necessary shall occur.

I remain, yours, very respectfully,

EDWARD SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 30, 1862.

Brigadier General J. G. BLUNT,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of Special Orders, Numbers 80, current series, for this office, the object of which was to restore Colonel Weer and certain other officers to their positions in the Fourth Regiment Kansas Volunteers, from which they had been displaced by the order of the Governor of Kansas. Colonel Weer has reported to this office that great confusion would take place by endeavoring to carry out the provisions of this order, requiring the restoration of the original organization of the Fourth Regiment Kansas Volunteers, and suggests that the order be modified so as to transfer him as colonel to the present Third Regiment, and to provide for the field officers who might thus be displaced by transferring them to vacancies of their own grade in other Kansas regiments. This report of Colonel Weer has been referred to His Excellency the Governor of Kansas, with the request of the Secretary of War that the suggestion of Colonel Weer might be carried into effect. As, however, it appears that the Governor and Lieutenant-Governor of Kansas are both absent from Kansas, the Secretary of War now directs that the transfers proposed be carried into effect by you, and that Colonel William Weer, Lieutenant Colonel J. T. Burris, and Lieutenant and Adjt. J. A. Phillips, be provided with positions in their own grade, and that any field or regimental staff officers displaced by them be assigned by you to vacancies in their respective grades in other Kansas regiments.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 21, 1862.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that arrangements be made at once to place clothing for one regiment of infantry in each of the

4 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

