
Mr. Couturie would have done, assuredly, with an earnestness at least equal, before the very lamentable occurrence of the 10th of May what he did a few days afterward of his own motion.

These preliminary facts being thus set forth in relief, there necessarily flows therefrom the conclusion that Mr. Couturie has not incurred the slightest blame of having exaggerated to himself the privileges and immunities of the Netherlandish consul and consulate. And if any mention has not hitherto been made of the absence of previous demand for information on the part of General Butler concerning the articles deposited in the consulate, it is because a report is naturally only a narrative of facts which have actually taken place.

Negative facts cannot find a place in it sometimes, except by way of explanation, elucidation, or justification.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., Augu-11.30 a. m.

(Received 7.20 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

O find here a want of system and a want of supplies; no tents for the troops. As soon as practicable I will systematize matters and bring order out of chaos.

W. SCOTT KETCHUP,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 30, 1862.

His Excellency Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

In reply to your telegram of yesterday the Secretary of War directs me to say that the Department has on interest nor incline action to dispute with State authorities concerning their respective quotas, and that having furnished the best information in its power in relation to the fair proportion, it remains with the Governor of each State to furnish the troops at his pleasure. That, however distasteful a draft may be in Indiana, it is a mode of defending the Government authorized by law, required for the national safety, and strongly urged by Governors and citizens of many States, and is not an arbitrary exaction of the Department. He therefore leaves the matter to your patriotism and discretion.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 30, 1862.

His Excellency Governor KIRKWOOD,

Davenport, Iowa:

If your quota of 600,000 men, viz, 21, 140, is filled by volunteers enlisted between July 2 and September 2, there will be no draft unless order hereafter. The order for a draft to fill old regiments has not yet been issued, but only a notice of such draft.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-general and Assistant Adjutant-General.

