
for maryland. Should a draft be order to fill the old regiment your remark will received due consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 30, 1862.

Mayor OPDYKE,

New York:

General Pope fought a great battle yesterday with the combined rebel forces at Centerville on the field of the battle last yet. The enemy were driven at all position and large number of prisoners captured. He renewed the battle this morning and the fight is still going on. The loss in killed and wounded is very heavy. Volunteer surgeon will be much needed. Please forward all you can, directing them to report to the Surgeon-General.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Governor Andrew, Boston.)

MANSFIELD, OHIO, August 30, 1862.

(Received 11.45 p. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

By postponing the draft until the 15th of september I think I can fill our regiments in the field, and thus furnish Ohio's quota without resorting to draft. Shall I do so?

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

PHILADELPHIA, August 30, 1862-8.50 p. m.

(Received 9.15 p. m.)

I have completed the organization of four regiments. Prevost's and Tippin's will leave for Washington to-morrow, and Collis" and Ellmaker's will leave on Monday. Henan's and Biddle's will be ready to start of Tuesday. Wister's incomplete regiment of Bucktails I will send to Harrisburg on Monday, there to be completed. This includes all the volunteers in this city. The regiments of Collis and Provost only have arms. There are no arms at the arsenal. A weekly delivery is made by Mr. Ames of about 1,000.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, August 30, 1862.

(Received 11.15 a. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

We have had applications for authority to raise cavalry, but there being no requisition from the War Department, have declined receiving companies. I think we can safely undertake to raise three regiments within the time indicated by your dispatch.

A. G. CURTIN.

