
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 30, 1862.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

You are authorized to raise three regiments of cavalry within twenty days. Advance pay and bounty will be paid as heretofore.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 30, 1862.

His Excellency Governor SALOMON,

Madison, Wis.:

This Department has no desire to make rigid exactions from the States, not to dispute with State authorities about the number to be drafted. It furnishes the best information i its power, and leaves the rest to the patriotism and discretion of the Governors. No doubt is entertained of your desire to bring your State up to the full measure of her duty in defending the Government, and your proceeding, therefore, in accordance with your published notice to the people will be sanctioned by this Department.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MADISON, WIS., August 30, 1862.

(Received 9.30 p. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

Your reply entirely satisfactory. We shall do our whole duty to Government. I notice that volunteering for new regiments is still going on in New York and elsewhere. In reply to repeated dispatches I have been told that volunteering for new regiments must cease on the 22nd, and for old regiments September 1. I have stated that we cannot get ready to draft for a fortnight and more, and have begged to be allowed to keep on receiving volunteers for old regiments till we get ready to draft. Why cannot this be done, and is it not better for Government?

E. SALOMON.

MADISON, WIS., August 30, 1862-4.40 p. m.

(received 7.40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Please order without a moment's delay a supply of ammunition, say 75,000 rounds each of 58 and 69 caliber, from nearest t arsenal- Indianapolis, I think. I have sent all I had to Minnesota and to localities in this State. State threatened by Indians. Send by express. Please give me authority to use the troops in camp if necessary for the purpose.

E. SALOMON,

Governor.

