
SPRINGFIELD, ILL., August 31, 1862-2 p. m.

(Received 1.30 a. m. September 1.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Colonel Morrison has no money to pay either premium or bounty, and Lieutenant Hill has only $4,000 to pay premium and $5,000 to pay bounty. Notes of $1 and $2 required to pay premium. Eight regiments ordered to be paid with funds found here. Money required at once.

W. S. KETCHUP,

Acting Inspector-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 31, 1862-3 p. m

(Received 7.30 p. m.)

Honorable C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

In your telegram of August 5 you state that the whole number of troops sent by the several States will be estimated and apportioned, and any surplus furnished by a State above its proportion will be credit to the draft. It does not appear from any information which has reached me that this has been done, of far as Indiana is concerned. In your telegram of August 9 you fix our quota of 300,000 militia at 21,250, and i telegram of August 10 you state that the quota under call of July 2 will be the same, making 42,500 altogether, and that the militia quota is without reference to the force already sent into the field. In a subsequent telegram to the adjutant-general of Indiana the quota to fill up old regiments was stated to be 22,200, which, if not filled up by volunteers by September 1, the Secretary of War, in his order of August 14, says shall be filled by special draft yet to be ordered. My application for information, August 29, was not designed to controvert any decision made in your Department, and ought not to be so cinctured. I desired information that would enable me to know our just proportion under the draft, and only alluded to the distaste to Indiana to drafting, which I presume exists every whose, to show my reason for asking that information. What I claimed was that in determining our quota we should be credited with the surplus volunteers furnished above our proportion, which you stated in your telegram of August 5 should be done. In subsequent telegrams I understood you to say it will not be done. The draft system is intended to operate equally among the States, so that each may furnish its relative proportion. If under any call Indiana has furnished more than her proportion, should she not be credited with the excess? This is all I ask. We not only desire, but will insist of furnishing our full quota, and ask no exemption from the common burden. our draft will be made on September 15.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

ALBANY, August 31, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The One hundred and twenty-second Regiment left Syracuse for Washington, via Albany, at 10 a. m. to-day. We hope to give you at least ten additional regiments this week.

THOS. HILLHOUSE.

