
[Inclosure Numbers 4.-Translation.] LEGATION OF FRANCE IN THE UNITED STATES, Washington, August 8, 1862.

The Viscount Treihard present his compliments to Mr. Steward, and has the honor to communicate to him the papers hereto annexed, referring to a Frenchman chose funds are held in custody in consequence of a conflict of authority between Mr. Revery Johnson and General Butler.

(Translation.)

CONSULATE OF FRANCE AT NEW ORLEANS,

New Orleans, July 24, 1862.

Count H. MERCIER,

Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of France in the United State, Washington:

Mr. MINISTER: I have the honor to send you the two inclosed herewith, relating to the affair of Mr. Eduard Dupasseur.

Mr. Revery Johnston, to whom this affairs has been submitted, had five the opinion that the funds deposited were the legitimate property of Mr. Dupasseur, and should be restored to him; but this withdrawal was again prevented by formal order from General Butler, who has refused to give a reason thereof.

This new decision in the withdrawal of the funds belonging to Mr. Dupasseur may occasion to him considerable injury, in consequence of the loss of interest and of the possible depreciation of the specie, both in gold and silver.

Be pleased, Mr. Minister, to accept the assurances of my high consideration.

COUNT MEJAN.

P. S.-The funds referred to belong to MM. Edouard Dupasseur &amp; Co., and not to Mr. Dupasseur alone.

[Inclosure.-Translation.]

NEW ORLEANS, July 24, 1862.

Count MEJAN,

Consul of France at New Orleans:

SIR: On the 14th of April last we purchased of the Citizens" Bank an amount of coin amounting to $716,196, which we settled for by our drafts, at four months" sight, upon sundry bankers in Paris and upon our house in Have.

With your consent we deposited this coin at the consulate of France, and caused the bill of sale of the bank, receipted for by the cashier, to be sworn to at your chancelleries as French property. about one month since we were summoned, in your presence, to appear before General Butler, who interrogated us upon this purchase of coin. We replied to him we had only intended making a purely commercial transaction, advantageous to us because it offered us a profit of from 3 to 4 per cent., and that, as he had appeared to suspect, this money was in no way intended to purchase arms in Europe, but really to pay the drafts which we had drawn against it. We added, furthermore, that we had never run the blockade, nor made any contract with the Confederate Government or with its officers. General Butler requested us, and also yourself, not to take this coin from the consulate until the arrival of the Hon.

