
loyal States, ready for troops about to be called out as a reserve force, and for the immediate equipment of 50,000 infantry. Also that 5,000 cavalry houses be advertised for, one- half to be collected at Perryville, the other at convenient points in the West hereafter to be designated. The advertisements will be made in the following cities: Harrisburg, Pittsburg, Buffalo, Detroit, Indianapolis, Chicago, Saint Louis, Cincinnati, and Columbus. Wagon transportation sufficient for the force above mentioned will also be provided.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

TREASURY DEPARTMENT,

May 21, 9172.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I send you the Port Royal papers, embracing, first, report of Mr. Pierce; second, circular of General Stevens to superintendents of plantations; third, letter of General Stevens to Mr. Pierce; fourth, circular of Mr. Pierce to superintendents; fifth [and sixth], Letter [s] of Mr. Pierce to Major-General Hunter; sixth [seventh], statement of Superintendent Wells in relation to the effects of the order; seventh [eighth], statement of Superintendent Phillips as to same. All the papers are worth reading and are important to a correct view of the state of things on the island. The report of Mr. Pierce is a brief summary of the whole, and will, I think, impress you with a high opinion of his discretion and capacity.

Yours, truly,

S. P. CHASE.

Abstract of correspondence and other papers in relation to the order of Major-General Hunter for arming able-bodied negroes. This abstract refers to the papers in their natural order; that is, in the order of events.

Numbers 2.-This paper is a short circular, dated Beaufort, S. C., May 11, 1862, signed by Assistant Adjutant-General Stevens, stating that, in accordance with an order of General Hunter, the agents and overseer of plantations must send to Beaufort on the following morning every able-bodied negro between the ages of fifteen and forty-five years capable of bearing arms.

Numbers 3.-This is a letter accompanying the above circular, from the aforesaid Assistant Adjutant-General Stevens, addressed to Edward L. Pierce, special agents of the Treasury Department, requesting him to have the circular distributed among the several agents, with instructions to pay the greatest attention to the enforcement of the order.

Numbers 4 is a circular or note from Ed. L. Pierce, dated "Pope's Plantation, May 11, 1862," communicating the contents of the circular of General Stevens in relation to General Hunter's order, and stating that this order is to be respected and obeyed by superintendents of plantations.

Numbers 5 is a letter of considerable length addressed to Major- General Hunter by E. L. Pierce, dated may 11, 1862, deprecating in urgent language the mischievous effects likely to result from efforts to execute this order, showing how it would conflict with the designs and

