
his request, he would have been faithless to the trust which his countrymen had placed in him and would place himself in contravention of the precise terms of the consular convention of 1853-those especially of article 3, according to which the papers in the consular chanceries cannot in any case be searched. General Butler then told him that if he would not give his word of honor not to allow any deposit of any importance to be taken away he would send a guard to watch the consulate. In this dilemma Mr. Mejan, desiring to continue to act in the most conciliatory spirit but forgetting that he was subscribing to an obligation which he had nor right to assume, and thereby placing himself in a most delicate position toward his countrymen, whose funds he had no power to detain when they should come to demand them again, gave this word of honor.

Mr. Mejan has in a later communicate expressed to General Butler his regret at having pledged his word. It is of consequence that he should be promptly relieved, and Mr. Reverdy Johnson could receive, in this particular, instructions from the Government of the United States, and end in a spirit of conciliation an incidental matter from which very serious difficulties might result to the consul of France in relations with his countrymen, and entanglements, to the regretted, with the authorities at New Orleans.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 9, 1862.

Viscount TEAILHARD, &amp;c.:

Mr. Seward presents his compliments to Viscount Treilhard and has the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the papers which accompanied his note of yesterday in regard to a Frenchman whose funds are held in custody in consequence of a conflict of authority between Mr. Reverdy Johnson and General Butler. In reply Mr. Seward begs leave to inform the Viscount Treilhard that no-decision can be arrived at in the case until the report of Mr. Reverdy Johnson, who is daily expected here, shall have been received.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 20, 1862.

Viscount TREILHARD, &c.:

SIR: Your have already been informed that the complaint made by your legation to this Department concerning a request or requirement made by Major-General Butler, commanding at New Orleans, upon Count Mejan, the French consul there, that he would retain $716,196 which he said was deposited with him by Messrs. Dupasseur & Co., was by me referred to the examination

of the Honorable Reverdy Johnson, who had been appointed by the President as a commissioner for this Department.

I have now the honor to inform you that Mr. Johnson, who had been appointed by the President as a commissioner for this Department.

I have now the honor to inform you that Mr. Johnson has performed the duty confided to him and has submitted his report thereupon. I think it proper to furnish you with so much of Mr. Johnson's general report as relates to that transaction, and I have further to state that it has been approved by the President. In accordance with the conclusion of the report I have the honor to advise you that instructions will at once be given to Major-General Butler, the acting military

