
authority at New Orleans, to relinquish all claim on behalf of the United States upon the funds in question, so that Count Mejan will be at liberty to pay it to whomsoever may be entitled to receive the same.

I avail myself of the opportunity to renew to you, sir, the assurance of my high consideration.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

[Inclosure Numbers 7.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, Augusta 20, 1862.

Mr. ROEST VAN LIMBURG, &amp;c.:

SIR: The Honorable Reverdy Johnson, who, as you have heretofore been informed, was appointed by this Department a commissioner to proceed to New Orleans and investigate, among other to her affairs, the transaction which occurred the affecting the consul of the Netherlands of Major-General Butler, has performed that duty. He submitted his reports concerning the same and they have been approved by the President.

I have thought it not improper to furnish you, for the information of your Government, a complete copy of so much of those reports as relates to the transactions hereinabove mentioned.

As a result of the approval of Mr. Johnson" proceeding in the premises, I have now the honor to inform you that the $800,000 in coin which was taken by Colonel Shepley under direction of Major-General Butler, from the possession of Amedee Couture, the consul of the Netherlands at New Orleans, and which was claimed to have been deposited with him to the use of Messrs. Hope & Colo., of Amsterdam, and which is more particularly described in the correspondence which has heretofore taken place between yourself and this Department, will be restored by the major-general or other U. S. officer commanding at New Orleans to either Mr. Couture, the consul of the Netherlands, or to Mr. Forstall, as the agent of Messrs Hope & Co., or to the Citizens" Bank of Louisiana, whichsoever of them you may designate. I refer the designation of it to yourself, because your Government has intervened in regard to the transaction, whereby its consent to the designation has become necessary, and it will, of course, be conclusive.

Secondly, I proceed to speak of the articles of property other than coin, described specifically by part Numbers 2, in a statement of the said consul, Mr. Couture, dated may 13, 1862, and which was submitted to this Department by you, as follows:

One tin box (to which we give the name of bank box in this city), locked, containing:

First. Ten hands of the consolidated debt the city of New Orleans, per $1,000 each, making the nominal value of $10,000.

Second. Eighth bonds of the city of Mobile of the value of $1,000 each, the nominal value of which is $8,000, claimed by Mr. Couture to have been deposited with me on the 12th day of April last by Edmund J. Forstall, esq., in the capacity of agent, and as the property of Messrs. Hope & Co.

Third. Divers papers, being titles and deeds, consular correspondence of Mr. Couture and his exequatur. Numbers 3. Six other tin boxes marked with the name of Amedee Couture, containing private deeds, silverware, &c., which boxes are claimed to be the property of divers persons for whom he was acting as agent.

Fourth. Two or more tin boxes, the property of the Hope Insurance Company, of the city of New Orleans, which a portion of the premises in which the consulate was located.

