
but a public one, which your Government is at entire liberty to promulgate without reserve whenever it shall please to do so, and whether your Government shall think proper to so promulgate it or not, it will, according to our national habit, be communicated without any reservation to Congress on their assembling here on the first Monday of December next. Nor is it at all a matter of reserve on the part of this Government that the dissatisfaction with Major-General Butler's precipitancy and harshness in the transactions concerned were among the causes for transferring the administration of public affairs at New Orleans to General Shepley.

It is very true, sir, as you remark, that Mr. Couture has been very ill-used, and upon that ground General Shepley will be directed to invite him to resume his consular functions at New Orleans, if, indeed, he has not done so already under previous instructions. But I must, nevertheless, accompany this invitation with the declaration that, in the judgment of this Government, Mr. Couture has acted throughout the transactions which have been reviewed, and even throughout the investigation of them which has taken place, in a manner that was very indiscreet, and calculated, though, I presume, not intended, to embarrass the relations between your country and our own, and that unless his conduct hereafter shall exhibit more of consideration for the authority of the Untied States it must not be expected that the President will be content with his remaining in the consulate at New Orleans.

I trust, sir, that your Government will be satisfied that the United States have resolved the questions which have been discussed in a spirit not merely of good faith, but also of friendship and good will, toward their ancient and esteemed friend, the Netherlands.

I avail myself of this opportunity to renew to you, sir, the assurance of my very high consideration.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 2, 1862-1 a. m.(Received 3.30 a. m. 3rd.)

General HALLECK:

The order to muster only at regimental rendezvous is destroying our regiments. They cannot be moved from points where recruited, and unarmed, without danger of capture. The camps at Russellville and Henderson have 600 men each of the same regiment. They were promised pay and bounty. The failure to fulfill is demoralizing them, and I am advised that they are on the verge of mutiny. If you will order your mustering officer to muser them I will advance the money.

J. F. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kentucky.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., September 2, 1862.

His Excellency ISRAEL WASHBURN,

Governor of Maine:

SIR: In reply to yours of the 28th ultimo,* urging several considerations why the quota of men to be drafted from your State should be

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

