
reduced, I am directed to say that these considerations are fully appreciated by the Department. They have been urged by other States, and part of them by still more. The following is an extract from ta reply made a few days since in a similar case:

The Secretary of War directs me to say that the Department has no interest nor inclination to dispute with the State to furnish troops at his portion, it remains with the Governor of each State to furnish troops at his pleasure. * * * He therefore leaves the matter to your patriotism and discretion.

You will see from this extract the position held by the Department on this subject.

Not having any specific data upon which to be as any change in the quota assigned to your State, it can only leave the whole matter to your "patriotism and discretion."

It may not be out of place to say that of the troops sent into the field by the loyal States before the 1st of July the number sent by Maine was over 4,000 short of her proportion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. BUKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF MARYLAND, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Baltimore, Md., September 2, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: IN several of the counties of this State the enrolling officers are menaced with personal violence and are applying to me for protection. Many are consequently declining to act and others acting in constant fear of the loss of life or property. In one case the grain stacks of the enroller have been fired. It seems to me, therefore, to be essentially necessary that a small military force should be placed at once at the disposal of the provost-marshal of the State to enable him to afford the necessary support to the enrolling officers. I do not think that the whole force required need exceed 500 men. For several days past the necessity of some such provision has been obvious, and with the view of procuring it I sent for the provost-marshal on the morning of the 30th ultimo. After conferring with him in reference to the particular points where such a force was most wanted, I addressed a letter to Major- General Wool calling his requesting him a detail some troops for the purpose. I inclose herewith a copy of that letter, to which I have not yet received any reply. The provost-marshall reported to me in the course of the same day the particulars of his interview with General Wool, a copy of which I also inclose. Having failed to receive any response from General Wool, and inferring from the tenor of his remarks to Mr. McPhail that he declines to accede to my request, I submit the subject to your consideration. It is with reluctance that I trouble you with a matter of this kind when I know you are engrossed with subjects of far greater importance; but, believing that the enrollment cannot be completed in Maryland without such a military assistance, and that we owe it to the safety of the officers engaged in it to provide them such a support, I have no resort- the

