
commander of this department declining to supply it-but to bring the subject to your attention.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

A. W. BRADFORD,

Governor.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

STATE OF MARYLAND, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Baltimore, Md., August 30, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding Eighth Army Corps:

SIR: Information from various parts of the State convinces me that the draft of militia about to be made, as well as the enrollment now in progress, cannot be satisfactorily accomplished unless the enrolling officers are supported by a sufficient military force. Threats of personal violence, as i am informed, are repeatedly made, and many of the enrolling officers are declining, chiefly, as I believe, in consequence of such threaten. I have conversed with the provost-marshal on the subject, who is ready to act promptly; but it is necessary that he should be provided with a sufficient provost guard. We have agreed upon the counties to which it is most important that such a force should be now sent, and more of them would require more than a company-some of them less-and the provost-marshal will make known to you the particular places requiring such a force and the number that will suffice. I would therefore most respectfully request that from some of the troops at your command you will detail, with as little delay as possible, a sufficient force for the object I have indicated.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

A. W. BRADFORD,

Governor.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL, Baltimore, August 30, 1862.

Honorable A. W. BRADFORD,

Governor of Maryland:

SIR: I presented your letter to General Wool this morning. He asked me its contents. I told him its purport. He said, "I have no soldiers; I am sending them all away." I asked him if he would reply to you by letter. He replied, "I answer all my letters." I said, "Then you will reply to the Governor in writing." He said, "Yes;" but did not ready your letter whilst I was present.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

J. L. McPHAIL,

Provost-Marshal, Maryland.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 2, 1862.

Brigadier-General STRONG,

New York:

You are specially assigned to the duty of forwarding troops and recruits from New York to this city. You will report daily your operations.

