
COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 2, 1862. (Received 9.45 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

There ought to be twelve commissioners and surgeons in Philadelphia, giving 50,000 population to each. Unless the number is increase the draft cannot be made there in season. General Orders, Numbers 99, states that Secretary of War will appoint provost-marshals to compel attendance of drafted men on nomination of Governor. I suggested the men I have appointed commissioners to be appointed marshals for that propose. Order Numbers 121, just received, seems to assign the duty to commissioners. If provost-marshals are still to be appointed I would name the commissioners. Answer about Philadelphia.

A. G. CURTIN.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, September 2, 1862.

Major B. H. HILL,

Superintendent Recruiting Service, Wheeling, Va.:

The organization of the Twelfth, Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth Regiments Virginia Infantry is authorized to be completed. Advance pay, bounty, and premium will continue to be paid to recruits for them until September 20. In artillery companies muster the maximum number of officers and non- commissioned officers.

By order of the Secretary of War:

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MADISON, WIS., September 2, 1862--10.15 a. m. (Received 2.50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

There is very great apprehension in the northwestern and central portions of this State on account of Indians. Appeals are daily made to me for arms and ammunition. Families are leaving their homes for fear of the wandering bands. I am well satisfied that these Indians have been tampered with by rebel agent. The people must be protected. Prevention is better than cure. I have furnished to different localities all the State arms--some 800- that we have, and must send more. More arms must be forwarded immediately, as only about 8,000 stand have been sent, and we have fully 13,000 men assigned to new regiments formed and forming. Send a supply without delay. I telegraphed for ammunition August 30 to you. Has any been sent? Our Lake Superior settlements, surrounded by large numbers of Indians, are entirely defenseless. One or more companies should be sent there

