
at once with arms for the people. Will the Government attend to these matters, or give me authority to act for the best? I shall need to call for transportation on the Government officers. Please answer. The call is urgent. With a judicious and speedily distribution of arms and ammunition it will be necessary to keep very few of our troops in the State--perhaps one regiment, and this for a short time-as I am organizing home guards.

E. SALOMON,

Governor.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 124. Washington, September 3, 1862.

The Honorable Joseph Holt has been appointed by the President Judge-Advocate-General of the Army, with the rank of colonel. He will enter upon his duties without delay.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., September 3, 1862-12.30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Governor of this State has called on me for troops to enforce an enrollment of the militia. I informed him, through Provost-Marshal McPhail; I have not had time to reply to him by letter. My command occupied my attention day and night. I have more than 100 stations which claim attention, besides other onerous duties. I have not men to spare at this time for the purposes required by the Governor. It would take half my command to perform what he and McPhail require. Governor Curtin has called on me for men to enforce enrollment. If a State cannot enforce its own laws without U. S. soldiers we may as well give up at once. The odium ought not to be thrown on the U. S. troops; there is no necessity so for doing. If the State of Maryland cannot enforce enrollment let it be put under martial law. I do not want men who are to be forced into the service. We have now more treason in the Army than we can well get along with. This is no fiction.

JNO. E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C. September 3, 1862.

Governor ROBINSON,

Louisville, Ky.:

The War Department declines to change the regulation in regard to mustering. Nearly every State is making the same application, and it would be impossible to supply mustering officers for separate detachments. If soldiers are ready to mutiny before they reach the rendezvous for mustering, they would be of little use afterward.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

