
MADISON, WIS., September 3, 1862-6.50 p. m.(Received 10.40 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Please answer my dispatch of September 2 relative to provision against Indian disturbances. We must have some ammunition. Order some sent here by express, if possible, from Indianapolis. We have not a cartridge. Please answer.

E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 4, 1862.

Mr. ROEST VAN LIMBURG, &amp;c.:

SIR: I have had the honor of receiving Your Excellency's note of the 30th of August, in which you designate Amedee Couture, of New Orleans, as the person who shall receive the $800,000 of coin which was taken from that person by direction of Major-General Butler, and which it has now been decided by this Government as a lawful deposit with him made by the agent of and for the account of Messrs. Hope & Co., of Amsterdam.

I have the honor further to state that instructions will be immediately given by this Government to Major-General Butler, or General Shepley, Military Governor at New Orleans, or other authorities there having possession of the coin, to deliver the same to the said Amedee Couture and take his acknowledgment for the same.

I regret that I do not find in your note a designation of any person to receive other articles which were taken from Mr. Couture by direction of Major-General Butler, and which this Government has decided shall be delivered to such person as you shall designate, as decided shall be delivered to such person as you shall designate, as you were informed by a note written by me to Your Excellency on the 20th day of August last.

Having submitted your note to the President, I am authorized to say that he accepts, with entire satisfaction, the explanation of the sense in which the word "outrage" was used in your previous communication of the 28th of July, and that your remarks are entirely liberal and generous.

In regard to the transfer of the administration of civil affairs at New Orleans from Major-General Butler to General Shepley, you admit that I wrote you on the 5th of June last that the President made a military governor of the State of Louisiana, who had been instructed to pay due respect to all consular rights and privileges. You then call my attention to the point that certain newspapers, among which is the New York Times, so late as the 26th of last month published letters and other documents showing that Major-General Butler was still exercising civil functions at New Orleans so late as the 14th and the 16th of Augusta, and you ask me to state whether these facts are authentic.

I find not the least difficulty in answering this inquiry. The commission to General Shepley as military governor of Louisiana had been already issued and forwarded to him at New Orleans when I communicated the fact to you on the 5th of June last. Postal and commercial communications with New Orleans had been entirely cut off by the civil war for a year previous to the capture of that city by Major-General Butler, and they had not been at all restored when my

