
NEW YORK, September 4, 1862. (Received 12.35 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Will you consent that General Fremont and General Mitchel, each or either, shall organize in this State a separate corps of 50,000, composed of citizens of this and other States, and allow the men received to be counted as part of the quota of the State from which they come upon some of the calls for troops heretofore made by the President? If you consent, we shall hope to induce the general to undertake the organization.

GEORGE OPDYKE,

Chairman National War Committee.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 4, 1862-9 p. m. (Received 11 p. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

Recruiting for old regiments is progressing satisfactorily. For the want of suitable accommodations at this point for the recruits, I have ordered the recruits to report at the camp of rendezvous nearest their location. Colonel Grier is rather too old for the duty thrown upon him.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 4, 1862-11 a. m. (Received 2 p. m.)

GENERAL BUCKINGHAM:

The provost-marshals named were intended as assistants. There should be one in each county where drafting is to take place. Will these assistants be appointed by the Secretary of War, the six provost-marshals, or by myself?

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 4, 1862-7.40 p. m. (Received 10.50 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

Twenty new Ohio regiments have gone to the field; three of them not quite full. Some of them had to leave before they could be mustered or paid. Several others nearly ready, and will have twenty ready to go in a few days.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Adjutant-General of Ohio.

HARRISBURG, September 4, 1862.

General C. OP. BUCKINGHAM:

Have you arms for the three regiments of cavalry? Offers are making of carbines, pistols, &amp;c., and I wish to answer if the Government wants any. Will horses be purchased in this State? I wish to have answers to questions on these subjects.

A. G. CURTIN.

