
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 5, 1862.

His Excellency ISRAEL WASHBURN,

Governor of Maine, Augusta, Me.:

SIR: In reply to yours of the 2nd instant, inquiring whether volunteer companies and regiments raised in lieu of drafted men will be organized on the basis of General Orders, Numbers 15 of 1861, I am directed to say that the act of July 17, 1862, provides "that the militia when so called into service shall be organized in the mode prescribed by law for volunteers."

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 5, 1862.

GEORGE OPDYKE, Esq.,

Mayor of New York:

Your telegram of yesterday has received consideration of this Department. General Mitchel, having been assigned to command the Southern Department, must immediately join his command. Raising volunteers in New York has been assigned to the Governor of that State, who is faithfully performing his duty, and there appears to be no reason for interfering with him. To authorize military officers of high rank to raise and organize army corps would be productive of military disorganization. This Department, therefore, cannot consent that any major-general shall organize a separate corps.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 5, 1862.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

The Ordnance Department will have arms for the three Pennsylvania cavalry regiments by the time they are recurred. The Untied States is buying all the serviceable arms in marked offered at a fair price. If you go into the market in competition you will raise the price, but not a single additional arms will be procured.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, September 5, 1862-5.20 p. m. (Received 6.45 p. m.)

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I have never purchased any arms, and do not wish to now. I only intended to inquire if the Government was prepared to arm cavalry, and to refer persons having arms to sell to it.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

