
MADISON, WIS., September 5, 1862-11 a. m. (Received 1.40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch received. As Executive of the State you must allow me to be the judge of the necessity for ammunition. There are thousands of Indians in the interior of our State. I am positively advised of the presence of emissaries among them from tribes, and there is good reason to believe these emissaries to be in the interest of the rebels on Lake Superior. There are thousands more of Indians. The people are agitated by the account of the Minnesota troubles. They are organizing for their own defense and calling for arms and ammunition. Your delays are cruel. Delegations are here daily asking for help, and I cannot help them. I again beg that a supply of ammunition, principally of caliber 58, be sent me by express the first moment possible. If we are prepared we shall have no trouble. If not we may have it any day.

E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 5, 1862.

Governor SALOMON,

Madison, Wis.:

You are entirely mistaken in supposing that you are the exclusive judge as the whether arms and ammunition of the General Government are to be sent to your State. The President must be the judge. You have not until now stated any fact for the judgment of the President, but contented yourself with giving imperious orders. The Department has borne, and will continue to bear, them patiently, and will act upon any facts you may communicate. Orders have been given to send ammunition. The arms it appears you have seized.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 126. Washington, September 6, 1862.

I. The following is the organization of regiments and companies of the Volunteer Army of the United States:

1. Regiment of infantry (ten companies).-One colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, 1 adjutant (an extra lieutenant), 1 quartermaster (an extra lieutenant), 1 surgeon, 2 assistant surgeons, 1 chaplain, 1 sergeant-major, 1 regimental quartermaster-sergeant, 1 regimental commissary-sergeant, 1 hospital steward.

Company of infantry.--One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 musicians, 1 wagoner, and 64 privates minimum, 82 privates maximum.

2. Regiment of cavalry (twelve companies or troops).--One colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 3 majors, 1 surgeon, 1 assistant surgeon, 1 regimental adjutant (an extra lieutenant), 1 regimental quartermaster (an extra lieutenant), 1 regimental commissary (an extra lieutenant), 1 chaplain, 1 sergeant-major, 1 quartermaster-sergeant, 1 commissary-sergeant, 2 hospital steward, 1 saddler-sergeant, 1 chief farrier or blacksmith.

