
Company or troops of cavalry.-One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 1 quartermaster-sergeant, 1 commissary-sergeant, 5 sergeants,8 corporals, 2 teamsters, 2 farriers or blacksmiths, 1 saddler, 1 wagoner, and 78 privates.

There being no bands now allowed, the chief trumpeter authorized by law will not be mustered into service. If any have been so mustered they will upon receipt of this order be mustered out.

The law does not authorize musicians for companies. To remedy this defect two musicians may be enlisted for each company. They will be rated and paid as privates.

3. Regiment of artillery (twelve batteries). One colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major for every four batteries, 1 adjutant (not an extra lieutenant), 1 quartermaster (not an extra lieutenant), 1 chaplain, 1 sergeant-major, 1 quartermaster- sergeant, 1 commissary-sergeant, 1 hospital steward.

Battery of artillery.--1 captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 1 quartermaster-sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 musicians, 2 artificers, 1 wagoner, and 122 privates.

To the above organization of a battery, one first and one second lieutenant, two sergeants, and four corporals may be added, at the President's discretion.

The field officers, chaplain, and regimental staff-commissioned and non-commissioned--will not be mustered or received into service without special authority from the War Department. As a general

rule, artillery will be called for and received by batteries, thus rendering the field and staff unnecessary.

II. Chaplains must meet the requirements of section 8 of the act of July 17, 1862, as follows:

No person shall be appointed a chaplain in the United States Army who is not a regularly ordained minister of some religious denomination, and who does not present testimonials of his present good standing as such minister, with a recommendation for his appointment as an army chaplain from some authorized ecclesiastical body, or not less than five accredited ministers belonging to said religious denomination.

After chaplains are appointed, under section 9 of the act of July 22, 1862, they must be mustered into service by an officer of the Regular Army, and thereafter borne on the field and staff roll of the regiment.

Mustering officers before mustering chaplains into service will require from them a copy of the proceedings on which the appointment is based. The said copy, if found conformable to the requirements of the law, will be indorsed by the mustering officer, and by him forwarded to the Adjutant-General's Office for file with the muster-in roll.

III. The foregoing organization must be strictly adhered to by all concerned. Commanding officers of departments, armies, and army corps will, without delay, direct an inspection to be made of their commands to ascertain if the regiments and units thereof conform to this organization, and all deviation from it will be promptly corrected. Supernumerary officers, if any, will be mustered out of service from the date of receipt of this order. Reports of the inspection will be forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

No commissioned officer or enlisted man of any grade in excess of the legal organization will be recognized. And any commander who may acknowledge or receive as in service any such officer or enlisted man, will be brought to trail for neglect of duty and disobedience of orders. No person acting in the capacity of a supernumerary will under any circumstances be permitted to receive pay and allowances

