
Numbers 1.

PORT ROYAL, S. C., May 12, 1862.

Honorable S. P. CHASE:

DEAR SIR: This has been a sad day on these islands. I do not question the purpose which has caused the disturbance, as in many respects it is praiseworthy; but practical injustice and inhumanity may often consist with a benevolent purpose.

Last evening (Sabbath) I received a messenger from General Stevens bringing an order from General Hunter requiring all able- bodied negroes between eighteen and forty-five to be sent early this morning to Beaufort, and from thence to go at once to Hilton Head, where they were to be armed. Having communicated the order to the superintendents, with a request for their aid, I sought at once General Stevens at Beaufort, whom I reached at 10 p. m., and in whose office I passed the night writing and copying. From General Stevens I learned that without previous consultation the imperative order had come from General Hunter by a boat leaving Beaufort at 6.30 a. m. and express his views. There were reasons why it was best for me not to go in person at the same time, and I arranged to go a few hours later. At once I wrote the inclosed letter* to General Hunter, to be forwarded by the same steamer which carried General Stevens down. You will there find my views of the proceeding. Leaving Beaufort about 9 a. m., I reached there in an hour and a half. General Hunter received me civilly and said he had read my letter. To my question if he was aware that he was thwarting a plan of the Government which I had in charge, he said he could not help it if two plans of the Government conflicted.

To my question if he had considered the propriety of taking the foreman and plowman away, he replied that he had not until my letter came, and he was willing they should remain.

To my questions if I might so communicate to them, he said he preferred I should not, but he would make the assurance to me. Later, however, and after a visit from John M. Forbes, who you remember served with you in the peace congress, and now returns in the Atlantic, he sent for me and told me he had changed his mind on that point; that such assurance might be given to the negroes, and he had so telegraphed to General Stevens, adding that they were to be told that they were to receive free papers at Hilton Head, and then return if they desired. I suggested the expected coming of General Saxton, provided with new and ample instructions, after a conference between the Treasury and War Departments. He said that it wnto General Saxton's hands and he might do as he pleased. I told him I yielded full obedience and co-operation, but I trusted he understood how totally his order conflicted with my views. he was gracious, but evidently felt committed to something which must go through.

I sought General Benham and conferred with him. The result is that, as far as I can find, he (General Hunter) has not consulted with any of his brigadier-generals and the project was exclusively his own. He has never consulted me, or any of the superintendents, who come in direct contact with these people, as to the plan or their feelings or

---------------

*See Numbers 5, p. 54.

---------------

