
Extract from order of War Department dated August 8, 1862.

"II. Any person liable to draft who shall absent himself from his county or State before such draft is made will be arrested by any provost-marshal, or other United States or State officer, wherever he may be found, within the jurisdiction of the United States, and conveyed to the nearest miliary post or depot, and placed on military duty fore the term of the draft; and the expenses of his own arrest and conveyance to such post or depot, and also the sum of five dollars as a reward to the officer who shall make such arrest, shall be deducted from his pay."

And also to the instructions of the War Department of August 11, 1862:

'Second. Any person detained may be released by giving bond to the United States, within sufficient security, in the sum of $1,000, conditional for the performance of military duty, if he should be drafted, or the providing of a proper substitute."

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 6, 1862.

Marshal MILLWARD,

Philadelphia:

You have not been authorized by this Department to make any order respecting railroads. If you have made any you will revoke it immediately, and are directed to make no orders or arrests under color of any authority of the War Department unless you are first expressly directed to do so by me.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

OMAHA, NEBR., September 6, 1862--3.30 p. m.(Received 6.05 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

You must permit us to raise part or full regiment of militia cavalry and infantry for nine months. Do this, [and we] will defend this entire border against Indians and relieve all troops now in Territory.

A. S. PADDOCK,

Secretary and Acting Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 6, 1862.

His Excellency Governor OLDEN,

Trenton, N. J.:

There are arms in the Washington Arsenal for the ten regiments form your State. Can you send the troops here to be armed, thereby saving the arms to New Jersey to be brought directly back?

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

ALBANY, N. Y., September 6, 1862. (Received 4.40 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

One hundred and nineteenth New York, Colonel Peissner; One hundred and twenty-third (Salem), Colonel McDougall; One hundred and twenty-eighth (Hudson), Colonel Cowles; One hundred

