
and thirty-fifth (Yonkers), Colonel Morris, pass through New York to-day. One hundred and twenty-fourth (Goshen), Colonel Ellis; One hundred and twenty-seventh (Staten Island), Colonel gurney, pass through New York to-morrow. One hundred and thirty-first New York, Colonel Turnbull, leaves on Monday. In addition to the above, One hundred and sixteenth (Buffalo), Colonel Chapin; One hundred and fourteenth (Norwich), Colonel Smith, leave Elmira to-day via Harrisburg. One hundred and twelfth (Jamestown) Colonel Drake; One hundred and thirtieth (Portage), Colonel Fullerton, leave to-morrow and Monday via same route. All the above will be armed and equipped. Several regiments will be ready to leave New York immediately succeeding Monday, 8th instant. I haven equipments for them. See my letter of 4th instant.*

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor.

HARRISBURG, September 6, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

MY DEAR STANTON: The State is being armed to held you. You have about 13,000 of our guns at Washington. They were of the best kind, and went with our regiments to Washington. They are needed here instantly. A special messenger has been sent for them, but the formalities of vouching may occasion delay. Pray, if that be so, dispense with the formalities and send the arms at once. If there should be any mistake the State will account for them.

In haste.

Allay faithfully, yours,

W. M. MEREDITH.

This will be handed you by General Irwin, who is entirely reliable.

BRATTLEBOROUGH, VT., September 6, 1862--7.15 p. m. (Received 8.45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The Tenth Vermont Regiment left for Washington at noon to-day, and the Eleventh Regiment is to move for Washington at 9 a. m. to-morrow. Allow me most earnestly to request that these noble regiments have their present inferior guns exchanged for the best you have before they are called to any active service. The regiments richly merit it and I feel that i ought to urge.

FREDK. HOLBROOK,

Governor of Vermont.

MADISON, WIS., September 6, 1862--5.50 p. m.(Received 11 p. m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch received. If you will read my dispatch of 2nd carefully you will see that the tone of your last dispatch is entirely unjustifiable. I have for four days begged for ammunition. I gave all the reasons possible in a telegraphic dispatch, in my first one going

---------------

*Related to an individual officer.

---------------

