
into all details possible. I have seized no arms whatever. Your own Department has charge of the Indians, and should know there are thousands of Indians legally and actually in this State. I do not propose to wait until butchery commences, as in Minnesota, but to arm people for defense, and thus enable them to take care of themselves, so that our troops can leave for the South and the East. I invite your attention again to my dispatch, and shall appeal to the President, as you suggest. I wish authority to use some of the new troops raised here, if necessary, to protect our people. See my former dispatch .

E. SALOMON,

Govern of Wisconsin.

ARSENAL, September 7, 1862--5 p. m. (Received 6.40 p. m.)

Honorable P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I am now sending to the depot the arms for Governor Curtin,and shall hope to get off not less than 7,000 this evening. The packing is the only thing which delays, as it would destroy the arms to go loose in the cars. The remainder shall be forwarded with all possible dispatch. We have had our hands more than full to-day.

GEO. D. RAMSAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, September 7, 1862-11.20 a. m. (Received 12.20 p. m. 8th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Governor orders regiments into the field, therefore I report when notified. Matters progressing harmoniously. One regiment gone to Cairo. Thirty regiments mustered; seventeen armed. Twelve dispatched on 31st ultimo. I suggested small Treasury notes to pay bounty. None received.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, September 7, 1862.

Mr. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I heartily thank you for the generous sympathy which you expressed to me this morning for the struggling Union men of Kentucky. I will leave this evening to return and do all in my power to assist in driving the rebels from my native State, and you can aid us greatly by forwarding as fast as possible arms, directed to the Governor of Kentucky, and to be deposited either at Cincinnati or Indianapolis. When I left there were six or seven regiments of cavalry and three or four of infantry organized, but there were no arms for them and no officer to muster them in. Major Seawell is too old and too slow. He does not do as much business in a week as he should do in a day. Larz Anderson, of Cincinnati, has two sons in the army, one a colonel commanding a regiment and the other an acting aide of General Nelson. I recommend the latter as an additional mustering-in officer with

