
Major Seawell. At all events let us have an active, capable young man who will do the work speedily. We wish our State delivered of the rebels at the earliest day. Whilst they are there the work od demoralization will go on, and the longer they stay with increasing rapidity. What we want, to make short work with them, is an active and dispatchful mustering-in officer and 12,000 complete sets of additional arms, 6,000 of which to be cavalry and 6,000 infantry arms, of the very best classes and quality to be had. Send them in three installments of 4,000 each-one immediately, one in two, and one four weeks. If you have not the best quality and class, send the best you have; and if you have not all we want, send what you have. Time and events are hurrying us, and by giving your immediate and energetic attention to the requests of this letter you will receive the gratitude not only of me, but of the Union men of Kentucky.

Very respectfully, yours,

GARRETT DAVIS.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 7, 1862-10.15 p. m.(Received 12.45 p. m. 8th.)

His Excellency President LINCOLN:

Colonel Clinton B. Fisk has raised the first new regiment. I wish you would authorize him to raise a brigade, to be commanded by himself.

H. R. GAMBLE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 7, 1862.

His Excellency Governor OLDEN,

Trenton, N. J.:

In reply to your telegram of the 3rd instant, nine-months" men can only be received as militia. Organization same as volunteers. No bounty or advance pay. Supplied as soon as possible.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., September 7, 1862.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

You are authorized to raise two more regiments of cavalry.

By order of Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 7, 1862.

Governor HOLBROOK,

Brattleborough, Vt.:

Your regiments shall have the best arms the Government have on hand upon their arrival of before they go to the field.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

