
SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE, September 7, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to ask your attention to the frightful state of disorder existing in the arrangement for removing the wounded from the field of battle. The scarcity of ambulances, the want of organization, the drunkenness and incompetency of the drivers, the total absence of ambulance attendants are now working their legitimate results--results which I feel I have no right to keep from the knowledge of the Department. The whole system should be under the change of the Medical Department. An ambulance corps should be organized and set in instant operation. I have already laid before you a plan for such an organization, which I think covers the whole ground, but which I am sorry to find does not meet with the approval of the General- in-Chief. I am not wedded to it. I only ask that some system may be adopted by which the removal of the sick from the field of battle may be speedily accomplished, and the suffering to which they are now subjected be in the future as far as possible avoided. Up to this date 600 wounded still remain on the battle- field in consequence of an insufficiency of ambulances and the want of a proper system for regulating their removal in the Army of Virginia. Many have died of starvation; many more will die in consequence of exhaustion, and all have endured torments which might have been avoided. I ask, sir, that you will give me your aid in this matter; that you will interpose to prevent a recurrence of such consequences as have followed the recent battle-consequences which will inevitably ensue on the next important engagement if nothing is done to obviate them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM A. HAMMOND,

Surgeon-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., September 8, 1862.

Commodore C. VANDERBILT,

New York:

The Vanderbilt is to be fitted out for cruising in the West Indies to run down the privateers that our Navy cannot catch. You are authorized to fit her up as well and as speedily as possible for the service. As she will have to said under naval colors, under the direction of the Secretary of the Navy, Captain Fox will correspond with you about the aid of the Vanderbilt, for without it they cannot maintain the blockade against the Nashville, Ovieta, Numbers 290, and other fast vessels.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., September 8, 1862.

Instructions to U. S. marshals, military commandants, provost- marshals, police officers, sheriffs, &amp;c.

The quota of volunteers and enrollment of militia having been completed in several States, the necessity for stringent enforcement of the

