
orders of the War Department in respect to volunteering and drafting no longer exists. Arrests for violation of these orders and for disloyal practices will hereafter be made only upon my express warrant, or by direction of the military commander or Governor of the State in which such arrests may be made, and restrictions upon travel imposed by those orders are rescinded.

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 8, 1862.

General KETCHUM,

Springfield, Ill.:

Your telegram received. Small Treasury notes will be forwarded.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 8, 1862.

His Excellency ISRAEL WASHBURN,

Governor of Maine:

SIR: In reply to yours of the 6th instant* I am directed to say that the number of volunteers from your State for three years enlisted prior to July 2 appears from the records in the Adjutant-General's Office to be 13,076. The last muster-roll, however, is dated December 3, 1861. Any troops sent to the field between that date and July 2 should be added. Errors may and probably do exist in the returns made to this Department, and it is intended that there shall be no controversy between it and State authorities on the subject of furnishing troops. The best information in possession of the Department is furnished to the Governors to enable them to fix their quotas, and then the whole matter is left in their hands, with a confident reliance on their patriotism and discretion that the honor of each State shall be fully protected in sharing the sacrifices and burdens of the war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALBANY, September 8, 1862-3 p. m. (Received 4 p. m.)

Hon E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Gillmore telegraphs from New York the Adjutant-General of the Army directs that the artillery companies be mustered in as infantry. There are 2,500 men enlisted as artillerists in the Eighteenth Senatorial District of the State on the presumption that the Government would require an additional force of this kind.

They are now being organized into companies and battalions. To

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

