
charge the condition of the enlistments would be attended with serious if not insurmountable difficulties. With this explanation we await the decision of the Secretary of War.

THOS. HILLHOUSE,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 8, 1862.

Adjutant-General HILLHOUSE,

Albany:

You will go on organizing the artillery as you propose without regard to the order you mention, which was given without my authority.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 8, 1862.

SIMEON DRAPER,

New York City, N. Y.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 28th ultimo, in which you state that you have information that a number of deserters now in Canada are desirous to return to their regiments on assurance of being permitted to do so without suffering the penalty due to their crime. In reply the Secretary instructs me to inform you that on reference to the Adjutant-General he reports as follows:

It has been the rule rarely departed from to make no terms with deserters. If they return and surrender themselves unconditionally, clemency is often extended to them, but no promises should be given them, or pledge of any sort. The crime is too series in its consequences to be made light of even for the sake of securing the return to the ranks of a few effective men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

BRATTLEBOROUGH, VT., September 8, 1862-11 a. m.(Received 12.40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

On the 18th of August I made requisition on General Ripley for arms and accouterments for five regiments of nine-months" troops, being the quota of Vermont under last call, and on 1st of September telegraphed him on the subject, but have no reply. These troops will be ready in all this week to come into camp. Here they will all be volunteers. They are now located about the State in accounted and organized companies. We need the arms at once, and we are promptly and heartily responding to your call for troops. I trust we shall promptly have arms. When will they be sent here?

FREDK. HOLBROOK,

Governor.

