
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 9, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I inclose for your information the accompanying extract from a dispatch to this Department from the legation of the Untied States at Rome, dated the 19th of last month, and commend to your attention the subject of it, viz, an offer on the part [of] Colonel Don Francisco Valle, late of the Spanish infantry, of a regiment of 2,000 men, chiefly Catalans, for the service of the United States.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. LEGATION, Rome, Augusta 19, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that Colonel Don Francisco Valle, late of the Spanish infantry, has called upon me with an officer a regiment of 2,000 men, chiefly Catalans, for the service of the United States, being only desirous of being assured that he would be repaid the passage money by the bounty, &amp;c.

I have not hesitated to assure him that on presenting his men at any military post in the Untied States he would receive the same terms as other recruiting officers, but that the Government could not recognize enlistments abroad as such. That by making an agreement with his men to that effect he could claim on this account so much of their bounty as was necessary to repay the expressed of their passage, and that there was no doubt that the Government of the United States would continue that present organization of the troops as far as was consistent with the Regulations of the U. s. Army.

* * * *

Yours, most respectfully,

W. J. STILLMAN,

U. S. Consul, &c.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 9, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit a translation of a communication which has been received at this Department from his excellency, Mr. Tassara, the minister from Spain, preferring complaints alleged by Spanish subjects against Major-General Butler's administration of the quarantine laws at New Orleans, and to call your attention to allegations in effect of a capricious discrimination to the prejudice of Spanish vessels trading at New Orleans. This Department does not doubt that Major-General Butler is acting with perfect justice and impartiality. But it is bound to acknowledge that the Spanish Government seems to be acting in a very conciliatory and liberal spirit toward the Untied States. I will thank you, therefore, to transmit a copy of Mr. Tassara's communication, together with a copy of this letter, to Major-General Butler, and to ask him for such detailed

