
explanations of the subjects as will enable me to give a full and satisfactory answer to the spanish minister.

I would submit also for General Butler's or General Shelley's consideration the expediency of allowing the Spanish tobacco ships mentioned by Mr. Tassara their clearances as soon as may be compatible with public health.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.-Translation.]

LEGATION OF SPAIN IN WASHINGTON, Washington, September 3, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the Untied States, &amp;c.:

The undersigned, envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary of Her Catholic Majesty, deplores to find himself under the necessity to again call the attention of the Honorable Secretary of State of the United States upon the arbitrariness of which, in regard to quarantines, the Spanish vessels at New Orleans are being subjected.

The transport ships of war of the Spanish Navy, Pinta and Maria Galante, coming from Havana, in ballast, have arrived at New Orleans, for the purpose of taking on board a part of the to bacchus which the Spanish Government has purchased in that city, and notwithstanding the health of their crews has been most excellent during the voyage, a quarantine of thirty days to both has been imposed without regard to the time of passage.

The consul of Her Majesty had officially addressed himself to General Butler to know if the serious injuries which would arise from so extraordinary detention could be avoided, but up to the departure of the mail of the 23rd of Augusta no attention had been paid to his remonstrance.

It must be observed (held in mind) that at the same time that these hard quartermaster are imposed upon the Spanish vessels North American vessels coming from the same place are being admitted without any detention whatever, and also some foreign vessels, who observe it (the quarantine) during only two or three days.

In the note which the undersigned addressed to the Honorable Secretary of State of on the 7th of August last, respecting the quarantine of the Cardenas, mention was made of three vessels, to wit, the Marie Felicite, a French vessel, the English schooner Virginia Antoinette and the North American steamer Roanoke, which, although coming from Havana, had been treated with less severity.

To these cases may now be added the ship Wild Cat, coming from Matanzawo days, and the ship Statesman, from the same port, which was admitted after eight days.

In a correspondence which has taken place between General Butler and the commander of the Spanish war steamer Blasco de Garay, in the question of quarantines has been incidentally treated, General Butler says the following:

The question of the duration of the quarantines and of the operations which are to be made to preserve us from contagion I have submitted to the judgment of the proper medical officers of the Lazaretto.

34 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

