
BOSTON, September 9, 1862-5 p.m .(Received 5.05 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Please allow nine-months" men to be mustered by companies; then I can combine companies into regiments. This will hasten organizations,and is very important.

JOHN A. ANDREW.

ALBANY, N. Y., September 9, 1862. (Received 3.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Troops should not move now without arms, ammunition, and cartridge-boxes. Have orders been given to Captain Crispin and Major Whiteley?

E. D. MORGAN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 9, 1862.

His Excellency Governor MORGAN,

Albany, N. Y.:

The accouterments have been forwarded to-day from New York to Elmira, as you requested. Major Whiteley has been directed to supply accouterments on your requisition for any regiment actually organized and armed. The reason of this limitation is that for about three weeks our supply of accouterments will be less than the demand, and must be issued where most needed. After that we shall have an abundant supply and they will be issued freely.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

(Translation.)

NEW YORK, September 10, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the Untied States of America, &amp;c.:

SIR: I have had the honor to receive the letter,under date of the 4th of this month, through which you have been pleased to inform me that instructions would be given immediately to return to Mr. Amedee Couturie the $800,000 in coin. With respect to the question of ascertaining to whom the other articles seized at his house should be restored, I have the honor to request you, sir, to be pleased to cause them also to be returned to Mr. Couturie, whom I have invited to receive them, as well as the $800,000.

I beg you, sir, to be pleased to accept my thanks for the explanations which you have been pleased to give me with respect to the protraction of the civil functions of Major-General Butler in New Orleans, and from them I am inspired with hope that the justice of the President and Government of the Untied States will hereafter exempt the foreign consuls from official relations with him. I would be happy to be enabled to thank you for it, and to find in it a new bond for the maintenance of the relations for so long a period sincerely friendly between our two countries.

