
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 10, 1862.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs me to transmit herewith a copy of a letter, dated the 9th instant, received from the Department of State, together with a copy of the translation of the Spanish minister's communication, to which reference is therein made.*

In view of the complaints alleged by the minister from Spain against the administration of the quarantine laws at New Orleans, the Secretary of War requests that you will as early as practicable submit to this Department full explanations of the questions involved, and at the same time, as suggested by the Secretary of State, consider "the expediency of allowing" the Spanish tobacco ships mentioned by Mr. Tassara their clearances as soon as may be compatible with the public health.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 10, 1862.

Senor Don GABRIEL GARCIA Y TASSARA, &amp;c.:

The undersigned, Secretary of the State of the United States, has the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Mr. Tassara's note of the 3rd instant, preferring complaints alleged by the Spanish consul at New Orleans against Major-General Butler's administration of the quarantine laws there, in the cases of the Pinta and Maria Galante, transport ships of war of the Spanish Navy.

In reply the undersigned has the honor to inform Mr. Tassara that a copy of his communication has been sent to the Secretary of War, with the request that he would cause the subjects involved to be promptly investigated.

So far as this Government knows, or has any reason to believe, Major-General Butler's administration of the quarantine laws has been impartial in regard to all vessels of whatever nationality. Certainly the Government will allow no invidious discrimination, and least of all, a discrimination to the inconvenience of the Spanish vessels, and Major-General Butler and Governor Shepley will immediately be so instructed.

The undersigned avails himself of the occasion to offer to Mr. Tassara renewed assurances of his very high consideration.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, September 10, 1862.

Major General HENRY W. HALLECK,Commander-in-Chief Army of the United States:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 23rd of Augusta, directing an immediate investigation of the charges against Charles Heidsieck, and a report of the cause of his arrest and detention, I beg leave to submit the following:

Soon after my coming to this city it became a matter of necessity to

---------------

*See pp. 528, 529.

---------------

