
allow a boat to ply between this city and Mobile, for the purpose of bringing flour, the property of this city, which had been purchased by the Committee of Relief and stored there. It was one of the expressed and published conditions that no information or passengers should be conveyed between the two places.

To evade and violate this condition Charles Heidsieck was permitted by the agent to smuggle himself on board to boat, in the pretended capacity of barkeeper or under-steward, and made several trips between rebels and their sympathizers in the two cities, besides carrying on a contraband trade in wines. After the exigency ceased and the boat was stopped running a permit and a flag of truce were given to a small boat to bring over the city agent, who had gone there to settle up the affairs smuggled himself on board, under the pretense of being the bearer of dispatches of letters, partly under cover, to the consul of France at New Orleans.

The above facts being established by his own confession to me, as well as by information from others, I directed his confinement at Fort Jackson, where the exigencies of the public service require me to confine some 500 Union soldiers to guard that important point. The health of the soi-disant barkeeper was exposed to the same dangers, and no other, that the Union officers and soldiers were; but learning that cases of yellow fever had occurred at quarantine near by, I caused Heidsieck and the other prisoners not confined at hard labor to be removed to Fort Pickens; but upon the intercession of his friends here, and the assurance that this barkeeper of a steam-boat was a gentleman of the highest respectability and honor, I offered to discharge him upon the condition that he should immediately leave for France, whose protection he has claimed, which I trust that every other man who behaves as he does will do.

I know of on other fact which would be of interest to the commanding general.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 10, 1862.

His Excellency Governor ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

Companies of nine-months" men may be mustered into the service separately, but must be attached to some reigment as mustered, in order to perfect muster-rolls.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., September 11, 1862.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding at New Orleans, La.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to transmit to you the inclosed copies of a correspondence which has taken place between

