
authorities of Spain. In view of such a possibility, I beg leave to suggest the expediency of establishing a joint commission for their settlement, to be composed of commissioners mutually agreed upon by the two Governments. A similar proposition has been made by the United States to Great Britain, and it is understood that there is a probability of its acceptance.

I avail myself of this occasion ot offer to you, sir, a renewed assurance of my very high consideration.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.-Translation.]

LEGATION OF SPAIN IN WASHINGTON, Washington, September 11, 1862.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States, &amp;c.:

The undersigned, envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary of Her Catholic Majesty, has had the honor to receive the note of the Honorable Secretary of State of the 9th instant, in reply to that of the 3rd from this legation, remonstrating against the outrage committed in New Orleans upon the Spanish house of Avendano Brothers.

The case is in truth serious, and the undersigned hopes that, as the Honorable Secretary of State assures hi, the Government of the United States, once convinced of the ground of the remonstrance, will hasten to do justice. The appointment of the new Government of Louisiana will, without doubt, contribute to the settlement of affairs in New Orleans.

The Honorable Secretary of State adds in his note:

It may sometimes happen that difference of opinion may arise between this Government and that of Spain upon the merits of complaints made by the subjects of Spain against the American authorities, or complaints made by citizens of the United States against the authorities of Spain. In view of such a possibility, I beg leave to suggest the expediency of establishing a joint commission for their settlement, to be composed of commissioners mutually agreed upon by the two Governments.

The undersigned will submit this proposition to his Government. TO do so, however, with a full understanding, he would request the Honorable Secretary of State to be pleased to inform him whether the proposed commission should comprehend the settlement of all the claims pending between the two Governments, or only that of some of them-such as those recently arising in New Orleans. The Honorable Secretary of State knows very well that, with a view of carrying into effect a general settlement, there was concluded some time since a convention at Madrid which subsequently was not approved by the Senate of the United States. Furthermore, the Government of Her Catholic Majesty will always be prepared to do all that may contribute to adjust these differences and to strengthen the relations between the two Governments.

The undersigned avails himself of this occasion to renew to the Honorable Secretary of State the assurance of his most high consideration.

GABRIEL G. Y TASSARA.

STATE OF MARYLAND, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Annapolis, September 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The loyal population of our State, excited by current events, are manifesting a strong desire for immediate militia organization,

