
and their great anxiety is to be able to procure arms. Unfortunately we have but very few at command. Although the purpose of those proposing thus to organize looks chiefly to domestic emergencies, yet those emergencies are just now so intimately connected with the national cause that it would seem to be important in every aspect that we should avail ourselves of the spirit now aroused, and arm as many as possible of our loyal people. In the hope that you may be able to spare us infantry arms and equipments, say, for 4,000 or 5,000 men, I have requested General Shriver to bear you this, and if you have that number or less in any of the arsenals or depositories which can be spared, I would respectfully but urgently request your authority to receive them, and we would at once provide for their transportation and delivery.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A . W. BRADFORD.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 11, 1862-10.30 a. m. (Received 12.15 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

In my efforts to popularize volunteering I have been compelled to appoint many officers who I fear are unfit for their positions. This difficulty can be cured only by an examining board. Please organize one for my regiments in Kentucky at as early day as possible.

DAVID TOD.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 11, 1862.

Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

I am pretty much of your opinion about some of your officers, and will try to do them justice by a board.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., September 11, 1862.

His Excellency ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg, Pa.:

SIR: The application made to me by your adjutant-general for authority to call out the militia of the State of Pennsylvania has received careful consideration. It is my anxious desire to afford, as far as possible, the means and powers of the Federal Government to protect the State of Pennsylvania from invasion by the rebel forces, and since, in your judgment, the militia of the State are required, and have been called upon by you, to organize for home defense and protection, I sanction the call that you have made, and will receive them into the service and pay of the United States to the extent that they can be armed, equipped, and usefully employed. The arms and equipments now belonging to the General Government will be needed for the troops called out for the national armies, so that arms can only be furnished for the quota of militia furnished by the draft of nine-months" men, heretofore ordered. But as arms may be supplied by the militia under your call, these, with the 30,000 in your arsenal,

