
will probably be sufficient for the purpose contemplated by your call. You will be authorized to provide such equipments as my abe required, according to the regulations of the United States service, which, upon being turned over the United States Quartermaster's Department, will be paid for at regulation prices, or the rates allowed by the department for such articles. Railroad transportation will also be paid for, as in other cases. Such general officers will be supplied as the exigencies of the service will permit.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

BRATTLEBOROUGH, VT., September 11, 1862-5 p. m. (Received 6.45 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Recruits required for old companies Vermont cavalry will soon all be raised; also, two new companies as authorized by law for additional to cavalry regiments, approved July 17, 1862. Our difficulty is this; That the laws of Vermont authorize and require all military companies to elect their company officers. In this view cannot you allow these two additional companies of cavalry to elect their officers? Will you authorize mustering and disbursing officers for Vermont to pay these companies advance pay and bounty, same as to other three- years" troops? Please answer.

F. HOLBROOK,

Governor of Vermont.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 12, 1862.

LAFAYETTE C. BAKER:

You are hereby appointed special provost-marshal for the War Department, and are authorized to exercise the powers and do and perform the functions pertaining to that office during the pleasure of the President.

You will report to the Secretary of War for instructions.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

DES MOINES, IOWA, September 12, 1862-10 a. m. (Received 4.40 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

We have now twenty-two regiments of infantry. I ask as a special favor of the Department permission to furnish a battery of artillery.

SAML. J. KIRKWOOD.

ALBANY, September 12, 1862-11 p. m. (Received 1.40 a. m. 13th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

SIR: I respectfully request authority to accept volunteers for nine-months" service to count [on] the call for drafted militia.

E. D. MORGAN.

