
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., September 13, 1862.

Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

I have no suggestion to make in respect to the meeting mentioned in your telegram and hope its counsels may be wise and productive of good.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 133. Washington, September 14, 1862.

I. The attention of all officers, and especially of commanders of departments and army corps, is called to the absolute necessity of reducing the baggage trains of troops in the field. The mobility of our armies is destroyed by the vast trains which attend them, and which they are required to guard. This evil requires a prompt remedy. Officers will hereafter be allowed to carry into the field only the ordinary mess-chest and a valise or carpet-bag. No trunks or boxes will be permitted in the baggage trains. Privates frequently carry carpet-bags and boxes in the regimental wagons. This must be immediately stopped. Inspectors, quartermasters, and wagon-musters will see that such articles are ejected from the wagons and cars wherever found; and regimental and company officers who permit these abuses will be reported, through the proper channels, for dismissal from service. Commanders of departments and army corps will direct frequent inspections to be made of baggage trains, and especially of officers" baggage, and see that this order is strictly enforced in their respective commands.

II. Another cause of the increase of trains is the carrying of sutlers" goods in regimental or quartermaster wagons, under the guise of quartermaster and commissary stores. Hereafter any officer or wagon-master who permits this abuse will be duty punished, and the sutler whose goods are so carried will be placed without the lines of the army and his appointment revoked.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ALBANY, N. Y., September 14, 1862. (Received 5 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

It may be necessary to put a portion of our State militia in a situation to render assistance at a moment's notice. Please direct Major Thornton to deliver as required, upon my requisition, arms and ammunition. He has a large supply of ammunition, and 2,000 or 3,000 flintlock muskets, which he is now altering to percussion.

E. D. MORGAN.

