
cause we need the services of all our soldiers. They have been reduced below the standard by no fault of theirs. I pray you, my dear sir, to order the muster of all battalions or regiments which, being full, were reduced by the casualties of war before muster. I will undertake to see that no advantage shall be taken of this privilege if granted. An immediately reply is respectfully solicited.

JAMES F. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kentucky.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., September 15, 1862.

Governor ROBINSON,

Louisville, Ky.:

It is not only right that troops who have been in actual service should be mustered in as if their ranks were full, but also that the families of those who have fallen should receive the same benefit as if there had been an actual muster. Orders will accordingly be given to the mustering officer to muster in all who have been in actual as of the date in which they entered actual service. This I understand to be the wish expressed in your telegram of this date. Accounts have just reached us of a great battle and brilliant victory over the rebels near Hagerstown by our forces against General Lee.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, September 15, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

We have guns, &amp;c., for ten batteries and can fill them [in] a very short time. Will you give orders for the purchase of the horses immediately?

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

BOSTON, MASS., September 15, 1862. (Received 4.40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Obliged to postpone draft again, both by slowness of supplies and partial incompleteness of enrollment. Troops come in faster than camp supplies. Authorize me to postpone to October 1 at discretion. We are doing well. People hearty.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor.

ALBANY, N. Y., September 15, 1862-11.50 p. m. (Received 9.10 a. m. 16th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Seven regiments are ordered to move via Elmira on or before 23rd instant. Arms and accouterments are there for only three regiments. Will you now order 3,600 arms and sets of accouterments there?

E. D. MORGAN.

