
COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 15, 1862. (Received 10 p .m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have postponed the draft until the 1st of October by which time I expect to raise Ohio's quota in full by voluntary enlistment. It is important, however, that the pay and bounty be continued to the recruits for both new and old regiments until that time. Can this be had?

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, U. S. MILITARY RAILROADS, Washington, September 16, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

GENERAL; Since my interview with you this morning I have been giving some thought to the subject of our conversation and have concluded to venture some suggestions.

As at present informed, the Department of Military Railroads, excepting perhaps for the immediate vicinity of the capital, is without a head. If you or the Secretary of War should desire to be informed as to what roads are in possession of the United States, how far they are in operation, by whom operated,what their condition, what the amount of rolling-stock, what prices are paid for materials and supplies, whether a judicious economy or a lavish expenditure characterizes their operation, it would be impossible to procure any direct information on any of these subjects, and abuses of great magnitude may exist without the power of discovering them.

To procure information, put it in shape the be readily accessible, secure system and uniformity in administration, correct abuses, and promote efficiency, the following arrangements appear to be proper:

First. The construction the transportation on the military railroads of the United States to be intrusted to a distinct bureau or department under control of the Commander-in-Chief of Army of the United States.

Second. The head of the department to be an aide to the General- in-Chief with the rank of brigadier-general.

Third. All the military railroads of the United States to be brought under a uniform organization.

Fourth. Regular reports to be made to headquarters of the miles of road in operation, condition of roads, amount and condition of rolling-stock, requirements in construction and transportation, expenditures, lists and pay of employes, purchases-specifying prices in detail and embracing such other particulars as the chief of the department may prescribe, from which reports and abstracts can be prepared exhibiting the comparative economy of operation.

Fifth. The present director of military railroads to be an officer in the department of construction and transportation of U. S. military railroads and as such to have the direction under the chief of the department of all matters appertaining to the office details. He shall make such reports as may be required from time and shall examine, supervise, compare, and prepare abstracts from all reports made to be department by the officers in charge of U. S. military railroads.

