
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., September 16, 1862.

His Excellency DAVID TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

Advance pay and bounty will be paid to volunteers for old regiments indefinitely, but not for new regiments.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 16, 1862.

Honorable J. H. LANE,

Leavenworth, Kans.:

In reply to your telegram of yesterday requesting authority to raise a battalion of mounted men for nine months, I am directed to say that authority cannot be granted.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 132. Washington, September 17, 1862.

I. Ordered, That medical purveyors be required to give bond in the sum of $75,000.

II. The following regulations have been adopted to govern the allowances to officers under sections 1 and 2, act of July 17, 1862, "To define the pay and emoluments of certain officers of the Army:"

1. When forage in kind cannot be furnished by the proper department, officers entitled to forage may commute it for the number of horses specified in section 2 upon the certificate of the quartermaster, when there is one, or of the commanding officer when there is no quartermaster, that forage in kind cannot be furnished. When the office is on detached duty, his own certificate to the fact, with the additional statement that there is no commanding officer or quartermaster serving with him, will entitle him to the communication.

2. Officers on leave of absence are not entitled to forage or to commutation therefor.

3. Officers of the Army and of volunteers detailed for duty in the Engineers or other branches of the staff are not,as a matter of course, entitled to the pay, emoluments, and allowances of cavalry officers; but, when ordered by the proper authority to be mounted,and when so mounted at their own expense, they are entitled.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 17, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: Your note of the 9th instant, with the communication from the U. S. legation to Rome, relative to the offer of Colonel Don. Fran-

