
cisco Valle of a regiment of 2,000 men, chiefly Catalans, has been referred to the General-in-Chief, who reports as follows:

I cannot see that any action of the military authorities can be had on the within proposition. No troops can be raised abroad; they can come to the United States only as emigrants, and on arriving here can only be organized and received into service in the manner prescribed by law.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, September 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I transmit herewith a copy in translation of three notes addressed to this Department on the 28th of June, 7th of August, and 26th of August last, respectively, and have the honor to request that you will cause an investigation to be made of the facts in connection with the occurrences to which the minister refers as having taken place in the month of June last at New Orleans on the arrival and departure of the Spanish steamer Cardenas and the U. S. steamer Roanoke. An early report of the result of the investigation would be acceptable.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.-Translation.] SPANISH LEGATION, Washington, June 28, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States:

The undersigned, envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary of Her Catholic Majesty, has the honor to call the attention of the Honorable Secretary of State to occurrences, intimately connected together, in which very lately the Spanish consul at New Orleans has interposed.

In consequence of the proclamation of the President of the United States declaring the port of New Orleans to be open, the Spanish steamer Cardenas left the Havana for that place on the 31st May last with freight and passengers, arriving at her destination on the 4th instant without her passage being hindered either at Fort Jackson or at the Lazaretto, and, on the other hand, without having had from the consul of the United States at the Havana any notification whatever about quarantine.

But after a short time she received an order to go back to Fort Jackson, which she did, but not till after landing her passengers, about which no difficulty was made.

In this situation the Spanish consul sent on the 10th to General Butler a communication remonstrating against the order, founding it on the old sanitary legislation of the State of Louisiana, according to which quarantine was not imposed on vessels coming from Cuba unless the usual proclamation had been first made declaring what ports were considered as infected, and vessels which had been cleared without notice of the proclamation were admitted to free pratique.

