
The consul added that in this case, besides the circumstance of the vessel having commence her voyage at a period earlier than that expressed by the said regulation for the application of the provisions it contains, might be alleged the favorable opinion of the Board of Health, such opinion being that the Cardenas had arrived in the best condition, and that there was no reason for sending her back (unless something new had turned out on board), as is shown by the circumstance that she had been allowed engers.

Mr. Callejon notices another peculiarity, to wit: That the captain was not notified how long he should remain in quarantine; on this account calling the attention of General Butler to the losses which were accruing by such unexpected detention, since, besides the risk of spoiling the cargo, which consisted of fresh fruits, there was s scarcity of provisions, they having been provided only for the time reckoned upon for the passage, and there being no means of renewal where they were at the time.

Not having received any reply, the consul on the 12th sent another dispatch, of which a copy is annexed, transcribing literally that of the 10th and placing afresh, in prominence, the considerations which militated in favor of the Cardenas.

He concluded by stating that on that date expired the term of ten days which, in the greatest strictness, it had been usual to impose on vessels coming from Cuba, and that, for this and other reasons which had been stated, it was hoped orders would be given for the admission of the steamer.

The measure taken with the Cardenas appears the more arbitrary as it makes a contrast with the course pursued with the North american steamer Roanoke. That vessels, after touching also at Havana, had been also admitted at the port of New Orleans without, like the Cardenas, being obliged to return to the Fort Jackson to perform quarantine. This consideration, without doubt, is only secondary in presence of the graver incthe clearing of the Roanoke for the Havana gave place, between General Butler and the Spanish consul.

Differing from the case of the Cardenas from the Havana, the Roanoke sailed from New Orleans after the 1st of June, a date at which, according to all instructions and practice of the Spanish consulate at that port, the state of public health is noted on the papers, and on clearing her it was the consul's duty to note that he could not give her a clean bill of health. The consignee replied that he would not take the paper which was given to him if he number o days of quarantine which should be imposed on her at Havana, to which the consul rejoined that those which were to be imposed on the Cardenas not having yet been fixed, and there having always been observed strict reciprocity between New Orleans and the ports of Cuba, it was not possible for him to do it; that probably the same number of days would be imposed on the Roanoke as would be imposed on the Cardenas.

The consignee went to see General Butler, and the consul being called by that authority, he required of him that he should issue to the Roanoke a clean bill. The consul refused to do so; a conversation ensuing, in which, according to an official communication before him, the undersigned finds himself under the necessity of calling the attention of the Honorable Secretary of State to the following points;

First. An order of General Butler to the consul of Spain conceived in these terms;

