
the steamer Roanoke from New York and Havana has been admitted to free pratique. At the same time I ask you to be so good as to make known to me the regulations which will have to be observed hereafter at the Lazaretto on this river by vessels coming from point which may be considered as infected, and their designation, as that especially affects Spanish commerce. Unless you decide this very shortly it will be understood that in all points of view the measure taken with thjust-

First. Because she left Havana at a date earlier than that which the old legislation of this State pointed out as obliging vessels coming from thence to perform quarantine.

Second. Because that legislation has not been modified by you before or since.

Third. Because no notice having been given, nor time fixed for which she should remain under supervision, it is not known if she should stay or go back to her destination, which condition of uncertainty is very damaging, as you are aware, not being able to renew her supplies at that point, nor to receive the least assistance from parties enabled to give it, in case of necessity; and fourth, that besides the thirty and more passengers who were permitted to land, free entry has been allowed the American steamer Roanoke from New York and Havana, and I cannot believe that there is a distinct legislation for each nationality.

For all these reasons, and being a matter which does not admit of delay on account of the very serious damages those interested in the Spanish steamer Cardenas are suffering, and intending to render an account to my Government of this act which I do not think agrees with the justice and impartiality which I have a right to expect from you, I ask you again to deign reply as soon as possible to my said communication, so that Spanish commerce may know what to expect, and not suffer fresh surprises which may prejudice its interests.

JUAN CALLEJON.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.-Translation.] SPANISH LEGATION, Washington, August 7, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States:

For the better clearing up of what occurred to the steamer Cardenas, as referred to in your communication at large of the 28th of last month, the undersigned, envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary of Her Catholic Majesty, has the honor to inclose a copy of the protect made before the Spanish consul at New Orleans by Captain Burguero.

From the said document it follows, among other things, that the steamer being compelled to return to Fort Jackson, as was done on the 5th June, did not receive a visit from the physician until the 18th, and only on the 24th was she permitted to enter the port-that is to say, twenty-five days after her departure from the Havana. In this interval the brigantine Marie Felicite, which arrived, leaving the same port on the 13th June, obtained permit to ascend the river on the 21st. On the 13th the English schooner Virginia Antoinette, also from Havana, whence she sailed on the same day as the Cadenas, anchored in sight of Fort Jackson, and on the 18th obtained the like permit as the French brig Marie Felicite and lastly the mail steamer Roanoke arrived on the 10th and went up to port without detention.

The undersigned avails himself of this occasion to reiterate to the Honorable Secretary of State the assurance of his highest consideration.

GABRIEL G. Y. TASSARA.

[Sub-inclosure.-Translation.]

At the city of New Orleans, on the 25th day of June, in the year 1862, before me, Don Juan Callejon, consul of Her Catholic Majesty at this place and its dependencies, appeared Don Jose Ramon Burguero, of

