
custom, they had landed without the captain's knowledge, and that he could not seek through a city unknown to him some thirty-five persons, but that it was to be expected that they would come to get their passports and baggage. He delivered to the supercargo the register, the manifest, and a bag of letters sealed up by the American consul at Havana, the captain giving him special instruction that if the general insisted on his going off he should state to him that the had no provisions or pillow; that he required six hours at least to fill the boilers and get up steam, and that he would hold the general responsible for any damage that his order might occasion.

The supercargo went off with the officer, and at 10 at night came back, accompanies went off him, and bringing back the letter beg and papers, which he took, and complaining that he had not been able to make his statements because General Butler refused to listen to them, with strong threats forbidding him to utter a word. It being then necessary to go in compliance with the order the supercargo had received from the mouth of the general in person, and desirous to shelter himself from responsibility, the declarant had an interview with his consignees, who accompanied him in search of the undersigned consul of Her Catholic Majesty, whom they could not find owing to the unreasonableness of the hour. At 2 in the morning appeared the pilot, who had been ordered to be got through the aid of one of the passengers, and the Cardenas left immediately thereafter. On the 5th day at 7 o"clock in the morning she anchored at two miles to the east of Fort Jackson, and the captain sent the supercargo t the fort to ask the commander if he gave him permission to go up, to which he answered that he had the general's order not to permit the Cardenas to go up, no communicate with any one until fresh orders; and from some remarks of the commander the captain arrived at the conclusion that he had been sent there to perform quarantine; to his great surprise, because, neither in the conversation held with the officers, nor in that had with the general, was anything said about sanitary regined waiting, shut off from communication, for the visit of the health officer, without provisions and in a difficult position for obtaining them. The said health officer did not come until the 18th day, and found there were no sick on board, cut could not fix for the captain's declarant the term of quarantine, nor did he receive any communication from the authorities which would fix it.

On the 12th of June the brigantine Marie Felicite arrived from the Havana, and on the 21st obtained leave to go up the river. On the 13th day arrived the schooner Virginia Antoinette- Captain Stria-and on the 18th obtained the same leave as the French schooner Marie Felicite. The english schooner Virginia Antoinette had left the Havana on the same day with the Cardenas. On the 10th arrived the United States mail steamer Roanoke, also from the Havana, and went up immediately to the port without performing the slightest quarantine. On the 18th, and by special favor, the Cardenas was permitted to pass the forts and to anchor in front of the Lazaretto. On the 23rd the captain obtained permission to come to the city, but not the vessels. She did not receive any until the 24th, on which she came up to the port of New Orleans on the 25th, after the departure from Havana.

What is written was read to the captain declarant, and after confirming the same and made oath that he had told the truth in every particular, he added that considering the procedure of the military

