
authorities of New Orleans in regard to the Spanish steamer Cardenas under his command to be unjust; considering that the vessel had a crew, every one in the best of condition of health, and that she was sent to quarantine for an indefinite time and without receiving a visit from the health office until thirteen days after her arrival; considering that this causeless detention

has produced great losses to the owners and fitters-out of said Spanish steamer Cardenas, among others that of a cargo of fresh fruit, of which she brought a large quantity, and which it was made necessary to throw overboard bacause it was in a state of putrefaction; considering that said authorities have acted with notorious injustice in destining the steamer Cardenas while they permitted the coming up to the port of vessels proceeding from the same place with the said steamer, even imposing on the last a shorter quarantine than on the Spanish, or not subjecting them to any, as happened with the American steam mail packet Roanoke; by these presents, one, twice, thrice, and in the most public, formal, and solemn manner, he protested against, &amp;c.

(Certified.)

[Inclosure Numbers 3.-Translation.] LEGATION OF SPAIN, Washington, August 26, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States:

In continuation of the business of the Spanish steamer Cardenas, the undersigned, envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary of Her Catholic Majesty, has the honor to transmit annexed to the Honorable Secretary of State of the United States copy of the proceedings, sustained by documents, by which Don Jose maria Morales, president of the Cuban General Steam Navigation Company, shows that the damages occasioned to them by the long detention of said vessel at New Orleans, in consequence of the unjustifiable orders of General Butler, amount to the sum of $16,347.

In pressing this claim the undersigned entertains the confidence that the Government of the United States will admit it justice by indemnifying the owners of the Cardenas for the losses they have suffered.

The undersigned avails of this occasion to reiterate to the Honorable Secretary of State of the United States the assurance of his highest consideration.

GABRIEL G. Y. TASSARA.

(Translation.)

HAVANA, July 26, 1862.

Most Excellent CAPTAIN-GENERAL, SUPERIOR CIVIL GOVERNOR:

Don Jese Maria Morales, president of the Cuban General Steam Navigation Company, with all due respect, shows to you that on the 13th of this present month arrived at this port from New Orleans the Spanish merchant steamer Cardenas, the property of the said company, and under command of their captain, Don Jose Ramon Burguero. This vessel was cleared here for that port on the 31st of May last past, carrying freight and passengers, with all the formalities and requirements necessary on the part of our authorities, and with the intervention of the consul of the United States at this place in all that concerned certificates to documents.

On the 4th day of June, at 5 o"clock in the afternoon, the said vessel reached New Orleans, made fast to one of its wharves, and landed all the passengers in the best condition of health, without any impediment whatever made by the vessels of war and forts of that place.

