
the plantations will be taken, to say nothing of the injurious influence upon the sensitive minds and feelings of those who remain, greatly diminishing the results of their labor. Thus the public funds devoted to a work which has the sanction of the War and Treasury Departments and the approval of the President will have been, in a very large proportion, wasted. But the order has other than financial and industrial results. The cultivation of the plantations was a social experiment which it was deemed important to make. It is a new and delicate one and entitled to a fair trial. The conscription of these laborers will at once arrest it and disorganize and defeat an enterprise now hopefully begun. As the persons are to be taken to Hilton Head, and without their consent, I assume (though I trust under a misapprehension) that they are to be organized for military purposes without their consent. I deplore the probable effects of this on their minds. They are ignorant, suspicious, and sensitive. They have not acquired such confidence in us; they have not so far recovered the manhood which two centuries of bondage have rooted out; they do not as yet so realize that they have a country to fight for, as to make this, in my judgment, a safe way of dealing with them. I have been struck, and so have others associated with me been struck, with their indisposition to become soldiers. This indisposition will pass away, but only time and a growing confidence in us will remove it. I fear also that an enforced enlistment will give color to their masters" assurance that we were going to take them to Cuba. For these and other reasons, which I have not time to give, I deplore the order enrolled and enlisted. Even if they are to return, they would be excited by the trip; the families left behind would come next. I have grave apprehensions as to what may occur to-morrow morning upon the execution of the order. While thus expressing my anxious regrets let me assure you that I have no hostility tot he entirely voluntary enlistment of negroes. They should be instructed in due time, and as they grow to it, in every right and duty, even that to bear arms in the common defense, and accordingly I acceded readily to the request of yours for facilities to a colored person engaged in promoting such enlistments.

I ought, perhaps, to add that General Saxton is hourly expected by the McClellan, provided with new and full instructions from the War Department, to assume charge of all the negroes and the plantations, and it is perhaps desirable to await these before reducing the force on the plantations, unless a controlling military exigency necessitates the reduction.

It is with pain that I see the work with which the Treasury Department has charged me summarily defeated, and I cannot believe it to have been the intention of the Government, having expended so much upon it, thus to leave it. On the other hand, all communications received by me from Washington affirm continued confidence in it and the intention to promote it.

While therefore yielding obedience to the order issued, I have felt compelled to state in what manner it appears to me conflict with the policy of the Government and the duties with which I have been charged, and in conclusion I beg leave to suggest whether it be just to deal thus with these poor people against their will.

Your obedient servant,

EDWARD L. PIERCE,

Special Agent Treasury Department.

