
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 17, 1862.

General WILLIAM SCHOULER, Boston, Mass.:

As the United State is purchasing large numbers of English Enfield rifles of the best quality at about $16 each, including exchange, the War Department would not be justified in paying several dollars a gun higher price because the State of Pennsylvania sees fit to do so. By the time the duty is paid on these arms the cost to the buyer will be $25 a piece at least. Who is the importer of these arms, and who is negotiating the sale to Pennsylvania?

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

DETROIT, MICH., September 17, 1862.

(Received 2.15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The Fourth Regiment Cavalry, 1,200 strong, is ready to march, but it has no carbines, although the requisition was made on the Ordnance Department several weeks since. Can they be forwarded immediately? Sharps carbines preferred, if possible.

AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 17, 1862.

His Excellency Governor BLAIR, Detroit, Mich.:

Three hundred and fifty carbines only can be supplied to the Fourth Regiment of Michigan Cavalry. They are sufficient for scouting and skirmishing. Their equipment is complete with either pistols and sabers, or with carbines and pistols.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, September 17, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE OPDYKE,

Mayor of New York:

SIR: Your letter of the 12th to the Secretary of War has been referred to me for answer. At the present time it is impossible to send troops to New York. Every available man must be in the field against the enemy. Perhaps in a few days the condition of affairs may be such as to make other arrangements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 17, 1862-1.15 p. m.

(Received 4.15 p. m.)

General BUCKINGHAM:

The order forbidding the re-enlistment of men discharged from service interferes with recruiting. Many who were discharged on account of sickness have recovered and are anxious to enter the service again. Cannot the order be modified?

DAVID TOD.

