
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 18, 1862-3 p. m.

His Excellency Governor BUKCINGHAM,

Hartford, Conn.:

A battalion of Irishmen will be accepted if raised, but no promise can be gin to serve under Corcoran unless it may be through expedient. All troops must serve where they may be required.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 18, 1862-10 a. m.

Colonel WILLIAM SCHOULER,

Adjutant-General of Massachusetts:

The Governor of Pennsylvania telegraphs to me, "I have made no offer of any kind to any one for arms. Have always refused to buy arms of any description. The agent would impose on you." Will you at once send by telegraph the name of the pretended agent of Governor Curtin, and all the circumstances that led to your telegraphing to the War Department respecting the sale of arms, and where the Enfield rifles now are that you offered to sell?

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 18, 1862.

His Excellency Governor OLDEN,

Trenton, N. J.:

Since you have determined not to allow the New Jersey troops to come to Washington to receive their arms, the arms will be sent to New Jersey as soon as they can be boxed and transported. I would take the liberty of suggesting that the route of travel from New Jersey here is not within eighty miles of the present position of any hostile force, and that the railroad across Maryland is guarded by 20,000 men, including the garrison of Baltimore.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

MAYOR'S OFFICE,

New York, September 18, 1862.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

DEAR SIR: This will be handed to you by Major-General Sandford, the commanding officer of the State militia in this city.

In reference to the subject of harbor defense, to which he purposes calling your attention, I would respectfully suggest that the militia under the general's command might be used in part for the garrisoning of the fortifications in our harbor. The exigencies of the war require all the available force at the command of the National Government for service in the field. In General Sandford's opinion, the various forts here will require about 3,000 men for effective defense.

