
Two artillery battalions of 600 men each, from the interior of the State, have been ordered by the Governor to garrison the forts, as I have been informed through the private secretary of His Excellency but I have not yet learned of their arrival. Meantime we are liable at any moment to attack by rebel iron-clad war steamers. If General Sandford, who is located in this city at the point of danger, could, compatibly with military propriety and the rules of the service, be authorized to man the forts with the militia, and to use that force in the defense of the city, it would, I am satisfied, tend to hasten the completion of our preparations for defense, and at the same time avoid any withdrawal of strength from the army in the field.

I wrote to the Secretary of War on the 12th instant on this subject of harbor defense, requesting a few more guns for our forts, some of them rifled, and a few experienced gunners to instruct the inexperienced men who will man the forts.

I have just received from General Halleck an answer stating that "at the present time it is impossible to send troops to New York; every available man must be in the field against the enemy."

I had not asked for troops, as we can furnish them ourselves; but the fact stated by General Halleck adds force to the suggestion I have made to you.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

GEORGE OPDYKE,

Major.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., September 19, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,*

Secretary of State:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the following facts: C. McDougall Fogo, a British subject, resident many years in New Orleans, is about to make claim to the property of Wright &amp; Allen, in New Orleans, which has been taken possession of by the U. S. authorities under the following state of facts:

Wright & Allen are cotton brokers, who claim to have property outside of New Orleans of $2,000,000. They are most rabid rebels, and were of those who published a card advising the planters not to send forward their corps of cotton for the purpose of including foreign intervention.

Soon after we came here they mortgaged their real estate here, consisting of a house, for $60,000 to planters in the State of Arkansas, and then sold the equity, together with their furniture, for $5,000 to Mr. Fogo, who at a nominal rent, Mr. Fogo paying about $4,500 per annum interest and taxes on the property and to receive nothing. His only payment, however, was by his own note on twelve months, which was sent to their friend the planter in Arkansas. Wright & Allen were then openly boasting that they would not take the oath of allegiance to the United States and were encouraging others to refuse and stand by secession.

In order of divest themselves of the last vestige of visible property upon which the confiscation act could take effect, having given to the widow of their deceased partner, and Irishman, their note or notes for $3,500, they then sell her their plate for that amount and then have

---------------

*Sent through the War Department.

---------------

