
it shipped under another name to Liverpool. A large number of others are following their example, and, indeed, all the property of New Orleans is changing into the hands of foreigners and women of avoid the consequence of the confiscation act.

Believing all this to be colorable, I have resolved to make this a test case, and have seized this property and intend to hold it where it is until the matter can be submitted to the courts.

Mr. Fogo is sent to Washington to have this property given up as a test case. If the course of authority is to be interfered with in this case, it will be next to impossible to maintain order in this city. This Mr. Fogo has just had a large amount of sugar belonging to his brother, an aide to Governor Moore, given up to him by the decision of Reverdy Johnson. Emboldened by this experiment, he proposes to try once more. If successful, I should prefer that the Government should get some one else to hold New Orleans instead of myself.

Indeed, sir, I beg leave to add that another such commissioner as Mr. Johnson sent to New Orleans would render the city untenable. The town got itself into such a state while Mr. Johnson was here that he confessed to me he could hardly sleep from nervousness from fear of a rising, and hurried away, hardly completing his work, as soon as he heard Baton Rouge was to be attacked.

The result of his mission here has caused it to be understood that I am not supported by the Government; that I am soon to be relieved; that all my acts are to be overruled, and that a rebel many do anything, when my successor will come and he will be released.

To such an extent has this thing gone that the inmates of the parish prison, sent there for grand larceny, robbery, and forgery, in humble imitation of the foreign consuls, have agreed together to send an agent to Washington to ask for a commission to investigate charges made by these thieves against the provost- marshal, by whose vigilance they were detected.

Alexander, the coppersmith, by his cry, "Great is Diana of the Ephesians," "the institution of slavery is in danger," did me much harm in Louisiana, from the effects of which I am just recovering, and the only fear I now have is that, if the last accounts are true, Mr. Johnson will have so much more nervous apprehensions for his personal safety in Baltimore than he had in New Orleans that he will want to come back here, now the yellow fever season is over, as to a place of security.

I have done myself the honor to make this detail of the case at length to the State Department so that all the facts may be before it upon which I act. The inference from those facts must, from the nature of testimony, be left to my judgment until the courts can act authoritatively in the matter. Another reason why I have detailed these facts with such minuteness is, that in the report of Mr. Johnson furnished to the consuls to be read here every fact is suppressed which would form a shadow of justification for my acts and ex parte affidavits of parties accused by me of a fraudulent transfer of a large amount of property are the sole basis of the report.

True, by that report more than three-quarters of a million of specie is placed in the hands of one Forstall, a rebel, a leading member of the Southern Independent Association, a league wherein each member bound himself by a horrid and impious oath to resist unto death itself all attempts to restore the Union; a confrere of Soule in the committee of the city which destroyed more than ten millions of

