
property by fire to prevent its coming into the hands of the U. S. authorities when the fleet passed the forts.

I beg of you, sir, to consider that I mention the characteristics of this report not in tone of complaint of the State Department, because if it is necessary to suppress the facts to impugn the motives and disown the acts of the commanding officer of an army the Republic that he has had all control of public affairs in New Orleans taken from him and transferred to a subordinate because of the harshness of his administration, as was done in the dispatch to the minister of the Netherlands, even if the facts are not true, I bow to the mandate of 'State necessity" without a murmur. I have made larger sacrifices than this for my country and am prepared for still greater if need be. But I only wish to make them when they will be useful, and therefore have pointed out the effect of the commissioner's report and the dispatch upon a turbulent, rebellions, uneasy, excitable, vindictive, brutalized, half-foreign population, made mad by the exaggerated reports of the victories of their fellows, the fall of the National Capital, the invasion of the North, and incited to insubordination by the double hope that either by the success of the arms of their brethren or the interference of the National Executive in their behalf, they shall soon be released from the only Government which has ever held this city in quiet order and unplundering peace.

Awaiting instructions, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

INDIANAPOLIS, September 19, 1862.

E. M. STANTON:

I hope my dispatch respecting artillery horses sent several days ago will receive your undivided attention.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 19, 1862.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

For what term do you propose to enlist your ten batteries?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, September 19, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The batteries will be organized for three years or during the war.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

AUGUSTA, ME., September 19, 1862-10 a. m.

(Received 11.40 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The militia companies have already furnished their quota of drafted or volunteers in lieu thereof to nearly the full call. The men have

