
been examined by good surgeon appointed by me. Have gone into camp now. Captain Dana, U. S. Army, refuses to furnish subsistence for these until examined by U. S. surgeons. I had supposed that when a State was called on for militia, and it raised the men called from, and caused them to be examined, and offered them to the United States, it would receive them and subsist them, and muster them without the imposition of such conditions. Please answer by telegraph whether these men are to be received and subsisted by the United States.

I. WASBURN, JR.

BOSTON, September 19, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON:

Have received your telegraph. Will write or telegraph you the facts to-night. I am examining the matter.*

WM. SCHOULER,

Adjutant-General of Massachusetts.

U. S. MUSTERING AND DISBURSING OFFICE,

Harrisburg, Pa., September 19, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of telegraphic order, dated Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, September 17, 1862, directing "that the men who respond to the call of 50,000 by Governor Curtin * * * be mustered into the U. S. service for three months," * * * and to report that I immediately called upon the Governor and showed him the order. After reading it he said, "It cannot be done. The men did not come out for three months, and are not prepared for that term. They will not submit to it. Besides, this will break up the draft entirely." He then requested me to leave the telegraphic order with him, saying that he would answer it. With this I complied. He has not yet returned it to me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. I. DODGE,

Captain, Eighth Infantry, Mustering Officer.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 19, 1862.

His Excellency WILLIAM SPRAGUE,

Governor of Rhode Island, Providence, R. I.:

MY DEAR SIR: There has been some delay and difficulty in determining the best organization of sharpshooters. They are regarded as a very important arm of the service, especially for the protection of batteries, but their special service requires some departure from the general system. The General-in-Chief has concluded that the organization should be by separate companies, to be under the disposition of the commanding general in the field, and employed as circumstances shall require. You may therefore organize as many

---------------

*See September 22, p. 578.

---------------

