
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 20, 1862.

Brigadier-General STRONG:

You will please take charge of the forwarding of troops from the State of New York and other Eastern States, as may hereafter be directed from time to time, devoting all your attention and energy to this important duty. You will report to this Department by telegraph whatever obstacles you may find in this duty, in order that as far as possible they may be removed, and apply for instructions whenever needed. Apply to the quartermaster for such quarters as may be required for your duties, which will be furnished on presentation of this order.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 20, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE OPDYKE,

Mayor of New York:

SIR: Your letter of the 18th instant to the President in regard to garrisoning the forts in New York Harbor with militia has been received, and the proper instructions for carrying out your suggestions have been sent to Major-General Morgan, commanding the department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 20, 1862.

Major General E. D. MORGAN,

Commanding, &amp;c., New York:

GENERAL: The mayor of New York has addressed a letter to the President suggesting that a portion of the New York City militia under General Sandford be taken to garrison the forts in the harbor and all the volunteers be sent forward to the field. The suggestion is approved, and you are directed to take such measures as you may deem proper to carry it into effect. There is a most pressing necessity for more troops in the field in this vicinity, and it is hoped that this arrangement will assist you in supplying this want, while it will at the same time afford the New York militia an opportunity to learn the use of artillery in forts. You will report the number of the militia which you purpose to use for the object indicated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

PHILADELPHIA, PA., September 20, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

All the forces of Pennsylvania have been forwarded by the Governor, as directed by the General Government. It is now a question of home defense for our own capital, and if you have surplus guns and ammunition in the West or East it is believed that our citizens would rise en masse to protect the capital, provided you would give them any means of doing so.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

