
Numbers 7. MRS. JENKINS" PLANTATION, Saint Helena Island, S. C.

E. L. PIERCE, Esq.:

DEAR SIR: The quiet of the last Sabbath morning was broken in upon by one whom I shall call in this connection an intruder, Mr. Phillips. I saw that he was laboring under some excitement, which excitement was communicated to me through the medium of a circular from General Stevens, which Mr. Phillips very privately submitted for my perusal and benefit, with also an order from yourself authorizing me to act in accordance with the spirit and letter of the military command. At half-past 1 a. m. of Monday a detachment of three soldiers, in command of a corporal, were admitted to my house and quartered, also breakfasted in the morning. After which preparation was made for the execution of the "order." As we left the house we saw where had been but a few moments before field hands, hard at work, nothing but horses and plows without drivers, and idle hoes. On inquiry we found that no one could tell the whereabouts of any of the "able-bodied men." The fact was they had 'smelt a very large rat," and according to the expression of an old man on the place, had found it "very necessary to go to the wood to split rails." The soldiers went to the cabins and to the woods some quarter of a mile distant and brought in all but two of the men "capable of bearing arms." The two men had eluded the vigilance of the soldiers and could be found. The people were not told the object for which they were taken until they were brought to me. I tried to explain to them why they were to be carried away, cheering and encouraging them by every means in my power. All seemed disheartened and sad, though none were stubborn or used harsh words. The soldiers used them very kindly and made no decided demonstration of authority. The scene at the house was stage and affecting. Women and children gathered round the men to say farewell. Fathers took the little children in their arms, while the women gave way to the wildest expressioned of grief. My foreman also carried his ax about with him for some time, but no threat or attempt to use them was made. I think the axes were those which the men had used in the woods for railspilitting, but when the time came to march these were laid aside, and a moaning and weeping such as touches the hearts of strong men burst forth, an evidence and sure witness that there is a fountain of love and humanity in the hearts of the poor negroes of South Carolina that can be opened and will overflow with the sentiments which charactize the heart of making that is impressed with the sentiments which characterize the heart of making that is impressed with the image of God. My attempts to comfort the hearts and quiet the apprehensions of the mourners were quite unsuccessful, and I left them to join the new recruits, they "refusing to be comforted." One woman told me she had lost all her children and friends, and now her husband was taken and she must die uncared for. Many expressions of a like nature were made to me, while all felt andaration. My protection was claimed, but I was to give 'such aid as was in my power" for the execution of the order. I reserved, by advisement of the corporal, the foreman on all my places. At the Doctor Croft plantation but two men were taken, the others with the foreman escaped to the woods, having gained infor-

