
this port, asking for the delivery of certain specified packages laden on board his vessel, and informed me at the same time that he refused compliance.

You are no doubt aware that the bills of lading for the packages in question, signed respectively on the 9th and 15th instant, are in possession of the shippers, and in order to hold the vessel harmless and to avoid complication in Liverpool, her port of destination, it will either be necessary that the bills of landing be returned to the captain on delivery here of the packages, or that the same be taken from his vessel by force.

In your note addressed to me on the 19th instant (receipt of which I have the honor to acknowledge herewith) the said packages are declared to be contraband, and in this connection I would beg leave to observe that by the sixth section of the confiscation act they would only become such after the 23rd, or perhaps have become such after the 18th by the operation of your General Orders, Numbers 73. It [There] existed, therefore, on the 15th instant no cause for the detention of the Essex.

I have now herewith to hand you the protest entered by Captain Klatt against the detention of his vessel, and of which I shall also forward a copy minister at Washington.

The Essex is at great daily expense. She claims damages to the extent of $500 in gold per diem, and it is therefore of importance to bring this question to an issue either in one way or another; and begging that you will give it your early consideration.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KRUTTSCHNITT,

Acting Consul of Prussia.

P. S.-Captain Klatt request me to state that he wishes it to be distinctly understood that the non-compliance on his part with your order should only be attributed to his desire to guard himself against difficulties in Liverpool, and to no other motive.

J. KRUTTSCHNITT,

Acting Consul.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, September 23, 1862.

ACTING PRUSSIAN CONSUL,

New Orleans:

SIR: I have received yours of the 23th, containing protest.

The ship Essex has been at liberty to depart since the date of the collector's letter to you. If the captain choose to lay here longer, he does it at his own risk and expense.

I suppose it is within the province of a military commander to determine for himself, and upon his own responsibility, what he may judge the necessity of his position will allow to be shipped from the post under his command. I have exercised that discretion, and I do not require any interpretation of my orders from the acting Prussian consul to govern my action.

I take leave to call [to] your attention that the only Prussian consul accredited here is in command of rebel forces in the field while his wife remains in this jurisdiction.

