
While I have endeavored and shall still endeavor to interfere as little as possible with any acts either of commerce of your countrymen of official acts of yourself, as I have endeavored to extend to you every courtesy, I am not a little surprised at your action in regard to ship Essex. I shall not use force to take the obnoxious packages out of the Essex, because I believe that very force would be made a subject of complaint; but I repeat what I have already said: Until the master of the Essex delivers those packages to the custom-house officer the ship cannot sail, and if he remains as he is now doing it must be at his own risk and peril.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., September 23, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

If you desire it, this State can furnish an additional regiment of cavalry.

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 23, 1862-7.35 p. m.

Honorable J. H. LANE,

Leavenworth, Kans.:

You are not authorized to organize Indians, nor any but loyal white men. Funds to pay the regiments will be forwarded as soon as the money can be had from the Treasury.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Address of loyal Governors to the President, adopted at a meeting of Governors of loyal States, held to take measures for the more active support of the Government, at Altoona, Pa., on the 24th day of September, 1862.

After nearly one year and a half spent in contest with an armed and gigantic rebellion against the National Government of the United States, the duty and the purpose of the loyal States and people continue, and must always remain as they were at its origin-namely, to restore and perpetuate the authority of this Government and the life of the Nation. No matter what consequences are involved in our fidelity, this work of restoring the Republic, preserving the institutions of democratic liberty, and justifying the hopes and toils of our farther shall not fail to be performed.

And we pledge, without hesitation, to the President of the United States the most loyal and cordial support, hereafter as heretofore, in the exercise of the functions of his great office. We recognize in him the Chief Executive Magistrate of the Nation, the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, their responsible and constitutional head, whose rightful authority and power, as well as the constitutional powers of Congress, must be rigorously and religiously

