
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 140. Washington, September 24, 1862.

ORDER RESPECTING SPECIAL PROVOST-MARSHALS AND DEFINING THEIR DUTIES.

First. There shall be a Provost-Marshal-General of the War Department, whose headquarters will be at Washington, and who will have the immediate supervision, control, and management of the corps.

Second. There will be appointed in each State one or more special provost-marshals, as necessity may require, who will report to and receive instructions and orders from the Provost-Marshal-General of the War Department.

Third. It will be the duty of the special provost-marshals to arrest all deserters, whether regulars, volunteers, or militia, and send them to the nearest military commander or military post, where they can be cared for and sent to their respective regiments; to arrest, upon the warrant of the judge-advocate, all disloyal persons subject to arrest under the orders of the War Department; to inquire into and report treasonable practices, seize stolen or embezzled property of the Government, detect spies of the enemy, and perform such other duties as may be enjoined upon them by the War Department; and report all their proceedings promptly to the Provost-Marshal-General.

Fourth. To enable special provost-marshals to discharge their duties efficiently, they are authorized to call on any available military force within their respective district, or else to employ the assistance of citizens, constables, sheriffs, or police officers, so far as may be necessary, under such regulations as may be prescribed by the Provost-Marshal-General of the War Department, with the approval of the Secretary of War.

Fifth. Necessary expenses incurred in this service will be paid on duplicate bills certified by the special provost-marshals, stating the time and nature of the service, after examination and approval by the Provost-Marshal-General.

Sixth. The compensation of special provost-marshals will be- dollars per month, and actual traveling expenses and postage will be refunded on bills certified under oath and approved by the Provost-Marshal-General.

Seventh. All appointments in this service will be subject to be revoked at the pleasure of the Secretary of War.

Eighth. All orders heretofore issued by the War Department conferring authority upon other officers to act as provost- marshals (except those who have received special commissions from the War Department) are hereby revoked.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., September 24, 1862.

(Received 12.30 a. m. 25th.)

His Excellency President LINCOLN:

The following resolution was this day unanimously adopted by the Republication Convention:

Resolved, That we cordially indorse the proclamation of freedom and confiscation of the President issued September 22, 1862, as a great and imperative war measure,

