
essential to the salvation of the Union, and we hereby pledge all truly loyal citizens to sustain him in complete and faithful enforcement.

FRANCIS A. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant-Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 24, 1862.

Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

An additional regiment of cavalry will be accepted.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., September 24, 1862.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The constitution of the State of Indiana contains the following provision:

No person conscientiously opposed to bearing arms shall be compelled to do military duty, but such person pay an equivalent for exemption, the amount to be prescribed by law.

Our Legislature has omitted to fix any equivalent for such exemption. This omission can be supplied by you under section 1 of the act of July 17, 1862. Will you please fix the amount and advise me of it as early as possible?

O. P. MORTON.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 141. Washington, September 25, 1862.

The following proclamation by the President is published for the information and government of the Army and all concerned:

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas it has become necessary to call into service not only volunteers but also portions of the militia of the States by draft, in order to suppress the insurrection existing in the United States, and disloyal persons are not adequately restrained by the ordinary processes of law from hindering this measure and from giving aid and comfort in various ways to the insurrection:

Now, therefore, be it ordered-

First. That during the existing insurrection, and as a necessary measure for suppressing the same, all rebels na insurgents, their agents and abettors, within the United States, and all persons discouraging volunteer enlistments, resisting militia drafts, or guilty of any disloyal practice, affording aid and comfort to rebels against the authority of the United States, shall be subject to martial law, and liable to trial and punishment by courts-martial or military commission.

Second. That the writ of habeas corpus is suspended in respect to all persons arrested, or who are now, or hereafter during the rebellion shall be, imprisoned in any fort, camp, arsenal, military prison, or other place of confinement by any military authority, or by the sentence of any court-martial or military commission.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

