
Done at the city of Washington this twenty-fourth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-seventh.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 25, 1862.

Governor GAMBLE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

No authority can be granted to raise regiments for service under particular commanders. Every regiment must serve wherever and under whomsoever the exigencies of the war may require. Regiments for Sigel, therefore, cannot be authorized, for having been done in some cases much trouble and discontent and prejudice to the service has ensued.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, N. Y., September 26, 1862.

(Received 2 p. m. 27th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have been delayed in procuring arms by excitement and spirit of speculation induced by appearance of State agents in market. Missouri, Indiana, and Massachusetts are here, and it is said New York also. I have bought 90,000, of which 20,000 are Enfield; 10,000 French, equal to Enfield; 20,000 Prussian smooth-bore, equal to the Springfield smooth-bore, and 40,000 are the Marshall, offered at Washington at $7.50 and bought here for $7, or $20,000 less than they were offered. I except to secure a large additional number of arms. If I can complete business by 5 in the afternoon I will leave to-night, otherwise to-morrow night. There is boundless rejoicing among the people-Democrats and Whigs-that the President has sent time when he will cease to be a negro-driver for the rebels in arms, keeping their slaves in subjection, and diligently working to furnish supplied for masters absent from home fighting to subject us.

P. H. WATSON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 26, 1862.

His Excellency Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

Please say what amount would in your opinion be a fair commutation to be paid by persons conscientiously opposed to bearing arms, and thus exempt under the constitution of Indiana.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

