
INDIANAPOLIS, IND., September 26, 1862-8 p. m.

(Received 4 a. m. 27th.)

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

In reply to your dispatch of this date, in my opinion a fair commutation to be paid by persons conscientiously opposed to bearing arms, and thus exempt under the constitution of Indiana, should not be less than $200 per man.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 26, 1862.

Captain R. I. DODGE,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

SIR: I have respectfully to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th instant in reference to the muster into service for three months of the 50,000 troops called for by His Excellency the Governor. In reply I am instructed to inform you that the order was given not with the intention of holding the said troops for three months if the exigency making them necessary should sooner pass, but to guard against complications as to pay, &amp;c., which always arise where troops are not regularly received. Had they been mustered in under the requirements of the telegram order they would without doubt have been mustered out so soon as the State was no longer threatened. As the case now stands a muster into and out of service will be necessary before the troops can be paid by the General Government.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army:

SIR: The Secretary of War is informed that a large number of colored men are employed in this district and in Alexandria as teamsters and laborers, at the rate of $25 per month and a ration to the former, and $20 and a ration to the latter. In view of the fact that the Government is supplying several hundred women and children of the same class, who are unable to find employment, and also furnishes medical care, support, and attendance to the sick and helpless, the Secretary directs that you cause $5 per month to be deducted from the pay of the said colored teamsters and laborers in the Quartermaster's Department, to be paid over to a commissioner who will be appointed by the Secretary of War, and who will expend the fund thus accruing for the benefit of the women and children, and as a hospital fund for the sick among the men from whom it is derived.

I am, sir, &c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

