
[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 13, 1862.

Copy respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Subsistence, who will carry out the same measures in regard to colored men employed in the Subsistence Department.

By order of the Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 27, 1862.

His Excellency Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

The commutation to be paid by persons conscientiously opposed to bearing arms, and thus exempt under the constitution of Indiana, will be $200.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., September 27, 1862-10.35 a. m.

(Received 12.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

There is nothing in the conduct of the Indiana troops who were taken prisoners at Monfordville or Richmond that reflects the slightest discredit upon them. The mismanagement and imbecility belong to those who placed them in exposed positions, and left them to be sacrificed to overwhelming numbers. If it is proposed to put them into camp in another State as a punishment to them and a warning to orders, it would be doing them, their friends, and the State an injustice that will not be readily forgotten. Disasters that result from the stupidity of blundering officers high in command should not be visited upon the soldiers who are the victims.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 27, 1862.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

No opinion has been expressed by this Department in respect to the conduct of the Indiana troops, but only a concurrence in a sentiment volunteered by yourself respecting the surrender at Munfordville and Richmond. The same justice will be received by them as by troops from other States, and they will be expected to conform to such regulations as the good of the service may require. Nothing has ever been said by this Department to indicate a design of punishment or warning in respect to them, but a reason suggested for the action of the Department which it is hoped will on reflection commend itself to your judgment.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

