
In regard to the other point presented in your letter, I agree with you that the commanding officer of a military district can assume no command over the enrolled State militia until the same is brought into the service of the United States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ALBANY, N. Y., September 27, 1862.

(Received 1.45 p. m. 29th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

SIR: The following regiments of infantry and battalions of artillery have left and will leave for Washington on the dates respectively named below: September 21, One hundred and forty- eighth New York Volunteers (Geneva), Colonel Johnson; September 23, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers (Syracuse), Colonel Barnum; September 25, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers (Troy), Colonel Buell; September 26, One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Volunteers (Schoharie), Colonel Danforth; One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers (Hamilton), Colonel Brown; September 27, One hundred and thirty- seventh New York Volunteers (Binghamton), Colonel Ireland; One hundred and forty-fifth New York Volunteers (Staten Island), Colonel Allen; One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers (Oswego), Colonel Warner; September 28, One hundred and thirty- second New York Volunteers (Brooklyn), Colonel Claassen. Four battalions of artillery, two of which left on the 18th and two on the 20th instant, all for three years or the war. Eleven thousand six hundred recruits for regiments in the field have received State bounty, and have also been forwarded to their regiments since the last of July.

E. D. MORGAN.

Dated 27th and left at the office this morning [29th].

NORWICH, CONN., September 28, 1862.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Are volunteers for nine months or enlisted men allowed to furnish substitutes? Reply.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 145. Washington, September 29, 1862.

I. The Department is informed that certain general officers of the volunteer service, on being relieved from their commands or transferred from one command to another, have occasionally carried off with them the soldiers employed as clerks or orderlies at their former headquarters. Not only had they no right and should have known better than to do so, but it was wrong in their superiors in command to permit it; nor will it again be permitted.

38 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

