
II. All soldiers so separated from their regiments will be immediately returned to them; and the commanding officers of all regiments from which men are thus irregularly detached shall, if the latter be not returned within a reasonable time, promptly report the facts to this office for the further action of the Department.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] WASHINGTON, September 29, 1862.

From casualties in the field and from absence by reason of sickness many volunteer regiments have not a sufficient number of officers to command them. It is important that vacancies caused by deaths and resignations be filled with the least possible delay. The Governors of the several States are earnestly requested to fill these vacancies by promoting officers and non- commissioned officers and privates who have distinguished themselves in the field, or who have shown a capacity for military command. Without the hope of promotion there is no encouragement to a faithful performance of duty and no stimulus to deeds of valor. Moreover, the discipline and efficiency of an army depend in a great measure upon the character and qualifications of its officers. Without good officers the very best soldiers soon become a mere military mob, the inefficiency of which is increased by its numbers.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 29, 1862.

His Excellency Governor BUCKINGHAM,

Norwich, Conn.:

Enlisted men who have been mustered into service cannot furnish substitutes.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARTFORD, September 29, 1862.

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

Can volunteers who have not been mustered into service furnish substitutes?

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 29, 1862.

Adjt. General JOHN I. HODSON,

Augusta, Me.:

Nine-months" men can only be received as militia in full regiments. By order of Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

