
loyal citizens to service within the State or their respective counties and districts during the present rebellion, who shall be organized, officered, armed, equipped and paid (while in actual service), and subsisted as other volunteers. The uniforms, equipments, arms, and ammunition to be procured by requisition upon the military commandant of the department, and the companies when in service to be under command of the military commandant and called into actual service by him. The officers to be commissioned by the Military Governor and supplies furnished by the military commandant on requisitions as aforesaid.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 29, 1862.

(Received 12 m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We have a large number of men in this State who are volunteer substitutes for the draft. Please order them mustered in for the same term of service required of the drafted militia. They expect the same pay and are willing to assume the same obligations of drafted men, and if mustered could be sent forward immediately. The local authorities have paid large bounties to those men in induce them to take the place of drafted. It is to avoid the draft in their locality.

A. G. CURTIN.

HARRISBURG, September 29, 1862-4 p. m.

(Received 4.30 p. m.)

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

We have a regiment here offered by Northampton County, in lieu of quota of draft, asking to be mustered in for mile months as volunteers. Will you not send authority at once to muster the regiment into service? Do it now, as the officers and men are impatient and the Government may suffer by delay. We have telegraphed the Secretary and General Halleck.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 30, 1862.

The following "Instructions for making muster-rolls, for mustering into service, for periodical payments, and for discharge from service of volunteers or militia "having been duly examined, are approved and will be carried into effect.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Instructions for making muster-rolls, mustering into service, periodical payments, and discharge from service of volunteers or militia.

CAPTIONS OF MUSTER-ROLLS.

1. The caption of rolls will embrace the name of the captain or permanent commanders, and letter of the company; the number of the

