
16. The copies for the captain and paymaster will be left, by the mustering officer, with the captain, and the others transmitted by mail, or otherwise, according to their destination, with the return mentioned in paragraph 1439, Army Regulations.

FILLING UP THE MUSTER-ROLLS.

17. In making muster-rolls, where the number of lines on the sheet will admit give two lines to each commissioned officer to afford room for necessary remarks, and leave a blank line between lieutenant and sergeant, between sergeant and corporal, and so of the grades below.

18. Number (in the marginal column only) the captain 1; 1st lieutenant 1; 2nd lieutenants 1, 2; commissary sergeant, quartermaster-sergeant, sergeants 1, 2, 3, 4; corporals 1, 2, 3, 4; musicians 1, 2; artificers 1, 2; farriers or blacksmiths 1, 2; saddlers 1; privates 1, 2, 3, and so on; or according to the numbers in each grade embraced on the roll-every grade on any roll will commence with Numbers 1-and the recapitulation will then show a corresponding number of each grade.

19. The names of officers resigned, discharged, transferred, promoted, or died will be inserted on the next muster-roll thereafter among the commissioned officers (not at the bottom of the roll) with appropriate remarks.

20. The Christian name, or the first one, as "John B. Smith," must in all cases be written at full length-not the first letter of it; and the names of every grade must exactly correspond, by numbers, on all the rolls made for any muster.

21. In the column of "rank," (the third,) designate the sergeant on the first or upper line as "1st sergeant," the others as sergeants, simply, without numbering them in that column, as also the corporals, &amp;c. "First sergeant" is the title, by law, of the orderly sergeant, who may be appointed to the duty, by the captain, from any of the sergeants.

22. In field and staff rolls, the regimental rank, as well as staff office, must be shown in the third column.

23. The ages of all officers and men will be placed in figures opposite their names, and continued without change during the term in the fourth column.

24. The fifth column will be filled with the date of arrival (as mentioned in paragraph 14) at the place of general rendezvous, which is generally also the place of muster; and the dates, respectively, of such as may, under legal authority, join and be received as recruits afterward at that or other places. The supplies and pay, by time, will commence with such dates; all previous allowances will be in proportion to the distance raveled, having respect to grades.

25. This column or rolls of field and staff, as well as the time of enrollment in the caption, will be filled with the date on which the colonel or commanding officer was elected or appointed; and so (in the column) of the others, field and staff, as the commencement of the official term for payment respectively. But in no case can any-one (except those in the staff appointed by the President) go back beyond the day when the regiment or prescribed command became complete in its organization by the arrival of the tenth or last company at the place or places of general rendezvous, or the dates subsequently of election or appointment of office.

26. If compensation be claimed for any prior service, as by the colonel, for superintending, under legal authority, the formation

