
assembling, and command of the companies at the general rendezvous, a remark will be made embracing the facts in the column of remarks; and a copy of the order for performance of the duty must accompany the roll for payment. (See paragraphs 28,64.)

27. The sixth column, "where," will contain the name of the place of general rendezvous, (not the place of company organization,) as that of the enrollment of those present at the original muster; the places, if any, where individuals may have engaged and joined the company on the march to or in [Mexico,] or the places where men have been enlisted by recruiting officers, after the muster of the company into service, to serve in the regiment. The dates of the actual joining of all such men (not present at first muster) will be given in the column of remarks.

28. The seventh column will show the name of the officer (generally the captain) who raised and organized the company on the lines of all who were present at first muster; opposite the names of those who joined afterward, as in paragraph 24, will be inserted the name of the recruiting officer.

29. The first column, under "travelling," will contain the distance, in plain figures on each line, which each person may have traveled as a member of the company from his home-the place of company organization preferable-to the place of general rendezvous, by the nearest practicable road for wagons. All such as join at other places, or subsequently, are not entitled to any distance for travel, and the word "none" will be written opposite their names, and also those of recruits, who will be under pay from the dates of their enlistment. (See paragraph 7 for discontinuance of these figures)

30. The next column, under "traveling," is of no use on the roll for muster into service and for periodical payments, and might have been left out. But on the roll for discharge, that column will be filled with the distance, in figures, from the place of discharge to that of company organization, or to the places where men may afterward have joined or been enlisted under proper authority, by the nearest practicable route. (See paragraph 29.)

31. But where the company is discharged in [Mexico,] or other place, and the officers and men, or any of them, are to be furnished with transportation, thence by water, to some other place nearer their homes, then the distance for travel, in that column, will be calculated from the place where they are to be landed; and the persons so transported may be furnished with subsistence in kind or paid the per diem allowance therefor, as they may prefer, and paid for a reasonable number of days beyond the date of muster for discharge on that passage by water; and the number of days aforesaid-the average time of voyage by such vessel as the men are to take passage in-to be determined by the mustering officer, on consultation with the chief quartermaster- will be stated by the mustering officer and captain in a note on the muster-roll, and whether subsistence has or has not been furnished in kind for the passage.

32. The amount of money, if any, advanced for clothing, and the value of clothing issued in kind, will be entered in the column for that purpose, and continued on every roll till liquidated; the mustering officer will see that the amount for clothing in kind be properly calculated by the table of cost.

33. If any field or staff officer, or non-commissioned staff officer, shall have been elected or appointed from a lower grade after the arrival at the general rendezvous, or after any part of his term which has not

