
have furnished themselves, or have not been furnished, in any manner, by the United States. When no balance is due say "none," in one or both columns, as the case may require. The object of these two columns is to furnish the data by which the paymaster may calculate the amount due to each person, in money, for the period embraced.

51. Fractional or component parts of rations of subsistence cannot be estimated so as to make a balance of one or more entire rations; nor can any balance for subsistence accrue for any time for which a return may have been made for the company or person, either at company headquarters or elsewhere.

STOPPAGES.

53. For any arms and equipments, or other public property, lost through carelessness, of not returned in good order, and to be paid for by the individual, and also for extra clothing issued, say, in the column of remarks (following all other remarks accounting for the men, changes of grades, &amp;c.) 'Stop for one musket complete, one wiper, one saber, one cartridge-box, &c. Stop for one coat, one jacket, two shirts, one pair stockings, &c.," whatever is to be charged. The amount of the articles lost or issued will not be stated by the captain, but by the mustering officer in the column for that purpose. Stoppages on account of Government will have precedence of all others. (See Tables A and B for cost.)

54. All arms, equipments, and other public property must be charged for unless the loss was unavoidable and altogether beyond the control of the man. If loaned and not returned, or left where they should not be, as put into a wagon on the march, or if missing from the tent or other customary place for keeping them, when the man is not, necessarily, absent by order they must be charged; and if a man is ordered on duty, without arms, away from his tent or quarters, the captain must see that his arms and other property are taken care of, or himself will be charge with them if lost. (See same tables.)

LOSSES OF HORSES OR ARMS OWNED BY INDIVIDUALS, AND FOR WHICH PAYMENT WILL BE CLAIMED OF THE GOVERNMENT ON MUSTER-ROLL OF DISCHARGE.

55. After all the before-mentioned remarks and stoppages, the losses of horses, or of arms will be stated on the muster-roll for discharge, as, "Horse killed in battle," or "Horse died of sickness, of colic, of boats, in a fit, or from getting cast by his halter; or horse killed by accident, at [Monterey, October 28, 18-;] man remounted himself [same day] or [November 10, 18-,] or man not remounted, according to the fact; or horse failed for want of forage, from hard riding on forced march, or on express, and abandoned, or condemned, at [Monterey, October 28, 18-,] by order of [Colonel Tod;] or horse diseased with glanders, or farcy, and shot, or condemned, at [Monterey, October 28, 18-,] by order of [Colonel Tod;] or horse stolen, strayed, broke loose from camp or other place, strayed from grazing, in the daytime or at night, whether guarded, and how, or not, at [Monterey, October 28, 18-."] In all cases state the exact manner of death or loss, where, and when, the name of the officer who ordered the condemnation or execution, and if the man remounted himself, and when, or if not remounted. If another horse was lost, say "2nd horse died," &c., (

or otherwise lost) in same manner, as the case may require. The saddle, &c., will be added, if lost, and how.

