
56. If a man has been without a serviceable horse belonging to himself in consequence of his own neglect, or having disposed of his animal, or not remounted himself after the loss of one, or had the use of a public horse or the company horse of another man, say "Not mounted from [August 4 to September 12"].

57. The loss of private arms and equipments by any of the men (provided they were legally authorized to equip themselves) may be stated, when the loss was unavoidable, and from no fault or careless on the part of the man. Name the article, its cost, manner, place, and time of loss. Officers are to furnish themselves, and cannot charge for such articles lost.

58. Claims for horses and private arms lost in the service will be made to the Third Auditor of the Treasury Department at Washington after the expiration of the term; and, consequently, all such losses will be stated on the muster-roll of discharge only. But an official and full record of all losses will be kept by the captain or other officer in command, and preserved for reference after the discharge of the company.

DISCHARGE AND SUBSTITUTION OF MEN AND EXCHANGE OF HORSES FORBIDDEN.

59. After muster into service, or the prescribed enrollment of recruits to fill vacancies, no enlisted man of volunteers or militia shall be discharged before the expiration of his term of enlistment without authority of the War Department, except by sentence of a general court-martial, or on certificates of disability by the commander of the department, of an army, or army corps, in the field. All substitution or exchange of one man for another is illegal and unauthorized and will bar both bounty and pension, and consequently that and the exchanging or 'swapping" of horses have been mustered into the service is positively forbidden.

MUSTERING OUT AND MUSTER-ROLLS FOR DISCHARGE.

60. The rolls for this purpose will be compared with those of the first muster. All persons on the first rolls, and absent at the final muster, must be accounted for, whether dead, captured, discharged, or otherwise absent; and if the mustering officer, in any particular case, shall have cause to doubt the report entered on the rolls, he shall demand the oath of one or more persons to prove the fact to his satisfaction; further, he shall take care that not more persons of the several ranks be mustered out of service than were mustered in, if there be an excess over the requisition or beyond the law, nor recognize additions or substitutions, without full satisfaction that the additions or substitutions were regularly made and at the time reported on the rolls.

To fulfill the requirements of the act of Congress, approved July 22, 1861, in relation to "bounty," three copies of the muster- roll for discharge (one for the captain to retain, one for the Adjutant-General of the Army, and one for the Bounty Bureau) will contain the names of all the persons who have been borne on the previous muster-rolls from the first, or the one of muster into service, and including such, if any, as may have joined the company since that muster, with the appropriate remarks opposite their names, showing when, where, how, and by what authority they joined or were enrolled.

61. The names of all those, except commissioned officers, who have been killed in battle, missing since a battle, have died, deserted, been

