
discharged, transferred, or in any manner dropped from the company, during the whole term, will be placed, in the order here mentioned, below the name of the last private present, in the manner, and with remarks, as directed in paragraph 46, officers and men.

62. All the different grades, or rank, which any person may have held during the term will also be noted in the roll of discharge, with dates of changes, in the column of remarks. If the person be in his second grade (shown in the third column) at the time of muster, say "Was [private] from enrollment to [September 4, 18- .]" If in his third grade, say "Was [private] from enrollment to [Sept. 4;] then [corporal] to [October 31, 18-;]" or "Was [sergeant] from enrollment to [September 4,] then [private] to [October 31, 18-.]"

63. If the change, either up or down, took place since the last payment to the person, and his pay due is thereby affected, the remark, or the last part of it, will be "Was [private, &amp;c.,]" then appointed, elected, promoted, or reduced, &c., as directed in paragraph 33.

64. The two copies of roll for paymaster will not embrace the names of persons previously dropped from the rolls.

65. But if no payment has been made before the muster for discharge, all the rolls will be alike, and embrace every name from the muster into service, or commencement of the term, with dates, &c., of those joined afterward, as in paragraphs 24 and 27; then changes of grades as in paragraph 37, and all necessary remarks. But those killed, died, discharged, &c., will be put at the bottom of the roll, as directed in paragraphs 46 and 61.

66. The three rolls for discharge (for captain, Adjutant-General, and Bounty Bureau), mentioned in paragraph 60, will contain two additional columns, two and three inches wide, (as next page), to show to whom and to what place the soldier wishes to have his warrant for bounty addressed.

Warrant for bounty for each man, how to be directed on the envelope.

Horse	 To whom.	 What post-	 Remarks.a

equipments.	 	 office and

place.

aThis column, on rolls for discharge, should be near a foot wide, for necessary remarks.

67. These columns will be filled up by the captain, who will consult, seasonably, all the men of his company, and conform strictly in this respect to their wishes.

68. In all cases of casual discharge or death, under circumstances which entitle to bounty, the address as above, or late place of residence of the men deceased, will be given by the captain in a note at the bottom of his next roll for periodical payment, repeated, of course, on the roll for discharge. And the addresses thus entered on the roll shall be read to the men present, in the hearing of the mustering officer, that his signature may authenticate also their wishes in that respect.

