
ORDER IN WHICH REMARKS WILL BE MADE.

69. Make the remarks, such as any case may require, in the following order of precedence: "Joined," when, how, as in paragraphs 27,45; "Appointed, promoted, or reduced," as paragraph 37; 'Sick or confined," as paragraph 39; "Detached service," as paragraph 41; "Back pay due," as paragraph 48; 'Stop for extra clothing or arms lost," as paragraph 53; "Claim for horse or private arms lost," as paragraphs 55, 57.

ARMS AND OTHER PUBLIC PROPERTY-HOW RECEIVED, ACCOUNTED FOR, AND RETURNED.

70. All arms, clothing, camp equipage, and other public property will be issued on requisitions made by the colonels of regiments, duly approved, and a register will be kept at regimental headquarters of all property so received from whom received, and to whom (in the regiment) reissued. And all officers of the Army who make such issues will make report thereof at the time, or in season for the ensuing muster for payment or discharge, to the inspector-general or commanding general where the regiment may be serving, to be verified by the invoices and register of property received at regimental headquarters, to the end that mustering officers, for periodical payments or discharge, may cause the necessary stoppages to be made on the muster-rolls. These stoppages will include all arms and equipments furnished to commissioned officers for their personal use.

71. Arms, equipments, camp equipage, &amp;c., which are furnished for public use during the term or campaign, must be redelivered before the muster for discharge, and receipts therefor shown or accounted for by the decision of a board of survey, legally convened, as having been worn out in service, or lost, while in public use, by unavoidable accident, without any fault or negligence by him who had the property in charge. All deficiencies will be charged to the individual who had the property in use. Captains and other officers are responsible for the public property, such as arms, equipments, camp equipage, &c., issued to and in use by their men, to see that the articles are well preserved and returned or accounted for as above mentioned.

72. Therefore, preparatory to the muster for discharge, the officers who have had public property in their charge will make returns (in tabular form) of arms and equipments; of quartermaster's stores; of commissary supplies; of medical supplies and surgical instruments; of clothing (each department separate), showing the amount or quantity received-to be verified by the register at regimental headquarters-to be accounted for either by issues or receipts from officers issues of clothing to the men and charged on the muster-rolls; expended or worn out, or lost by unavoidable accident, and in what manner; and remaining on hand then, to be delivered. These returns must be authenticated before the mustering officer, by oath, and any deficiency of property not satisfactorily accounted for will be charged to the officer on the muster-rolls.

73. What is said of captains or company will apply to colonel or other officer having a muster-roll to make in relation to men and property.

74. The year (as "18-") need not be given in the column of remarks in relation to changes of rank, men joined, on detached service, and other circumstances, which may have occurred within the period for

