
which the muster is made (mentioned always in the caption) unless the same months for different years are embraced, or more than twelve months included in the period.

75. Officers will conform strictly to the foregoing instructions, and be particularly careful to confine every word and remark to its appropriate column. Indebtedness, if any, of the troops to the State by which furnished will be charged on the muster-out roll.

76. Every officer and soldier present and in camp should be on parade with his company for muster, those on guard and in confinement, and, as far as practicable, the sick included. This will save much time to the mustering officer and others in the dispatch of the important duties of the day, as every man must be seen by the mustering officer. Application should be made to the commanding officer, seasonably, to give the necessary orders to have the duty men, &amp;c., join their respective regiments when they parade; to return to their places as soon as they answer to their names. (See paragraph 40.)

77. The acts of Congress approved August 5, 1861, and July 5, 1862, appropriate certain sums of money for "collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers." Under this head the Adjutant-General of the Army will furnish transportation and subsistence until the organization of the regiment-or company, if an independent one-is completed, and the said force mustered into the United States service by the regularly appointed mustering officer of the State or district. Accounts for expenditures will be rendered to the Adjutant-General.

After "muster into service" the troops will be supplied and transported by the administrative departments, and accounts rendered accordingly.

"The attention of officers supplying subsistence to volunteers in the process of their organization into companies and regiments, both prior and subsequent to muster, is called to the exorbitant prices demanded and paid for this object. Rations in kind will hereafter be issued whenever cooking facilities can be furnished to the troops, whether in squads or in larger bodies. If the rations cannot be contracted for at a reasonable rate, subsistence will be procured in bulk and issued to the volunteers. In no case should the cost of the ration, uncooked, exceed 19 cents, and at most of the point in the Western States it should not exceed 14 cents. When cooking facilities cannot be furnished, contracts for the rations, cooked, may be made at reasonable rates, and the necessity for the same must be clearly stated on the accounts. When board and lodging are necessary the prices for each should be stated, and the aggregate cost of both must not exceed 40 cents per day."

"Transportation will be at the rate of 2 cents per mile for railroad travel, and at the current rates for stage and steam- boat fare."

80. Whenever volunteers or militia are mustered for final discharge on the expiration of their term of service, a discharge will be furnished for each officer and soldier, whether present or absent. (See Form C.)

The blanks for these must be filled with great care and neatness, and signed (at the left hand) by the colonel for the field and staff, by the captains for their respective companies, and by the mustering officer, all officially, and by the mustering officer returned to the colonel and captains for delivery to the individuals. See form following Table B.)

81. Where troops are mustered out of service final statements must not be given. The muster-out rolls take the place of final statements in such cases.

