
OF MUSTERING A REGIMENT OR OTHER FORCE INTO SERVICE.

82. An officer who is appointed to make a muster of any force into the service of the United States, on arriving at the place designated in his instructions, will, if the name of the commander and captains be not given in his order, ascertain from the proper authority who the commanders of the regiment and companies are to be. This information is generally obtained from the Executive of the State. And he must be satisfied that the whole number of companies for the designated command are present, or on their way there, with organization complete, unless otherwise directed, before he commences the muster.

ORGANIZATIONS.

83. The following is the organization of regiments and companies of the volunteer army of the United States:

1. Regiment of infantry (ten companies).-One colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, 1 adjutant (an extra lieutenant), 1 quartermaster (an extra lieutenant), 1 surgeon, 2 assistant surgeons, 1 chaplain, 1 sergeant-major, 1 regimental quartermaster-sergeant, 1 regimental commissary-sergeant, 1 hospital steward.

Company of infantry.-One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 musicians, 1 wagoner, and 64 privates (minimum), 82 privates (maximum).

2. Regiment of cavalry (twelve companies or troops).-One colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 3 majors, 1 surgeon, 1 assistant surgeon, 1 regimental adjutant (an extra lieutenant), 1 regimental quartermaster (an extra lieutenant) 1 regimental commissary (an extra lieutenant), 1 chaplain, 1 sergeant-major, 1 quartermaster- sergeant, 1 commissary-sergeant, 2 hospital stewards, 1 saddler- sergeant, 1 chief farrier or blacksmith.

Company or troop of cavalry.-One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 1 quartermaster-sergeant, 1 commissary-sergeant, 5 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 teamsters, 2 farriers or blacksmiths, 1 saddler, 1 wagoner, and 78 privates.

There being no bands now allowed, the chief trumpeter authorized by law will not be mustered into service. If any have been so mustered they will, upon receipt of this order, be mustered out.

The law does not authorize musicians for companies. To remedy this defect two musicians may be enlisted for each company. They will be rated and paid as privates.

3. Regimental of artillery (twelve batteries).-One colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major for every four batteries, 1 adjutant (not an extra lieutenant) 1 quartermaster (not an extra lieutenant) 1 chaplain, 1 sergeant-major, 1 quartermaster- sergeant, 1 commissary-sergeant, 1 hospital steward.

Battery of artillery.-One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 musicians, 2 artificers, 1 wagoner, and 122 privates.

To the above organization of a battery one first and one second lieutenant, two sergeants, and four corporals may be added, at the President's discretion.

The field officers, chaplain, and regimental staff (commissioned and non-commissioned) will not be mustered or receive into service without special authority from the War Department. As a general

39 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

