
rule, artillery will be called for and received by batteries, thus rendering the filed and staff unnecessary.

84. Chaplains must meet the requirements of section 8 of the act of July 17, 1862, as follows:

"No person shall be appointed a chaplain in the United States Army who is not a regularly ordained minister of some religious denomination, and who does not present testimonials of his present good standing as such a minister, with a recommendation for his appointment as an army chaplain from some authorized ecclesiastical body, or not less than five accredited ministers belonging to said religious denomination."

After chaplains are appointed, under section 9 of the act of July 22, 1861, they must be mustered into service by an officer of the Regular Army, and thereafter borne on the field and staff roll of the regiment.

Mustering officers, before mustering chaplains into service, will require from them a copy of the proceedings on which the appointment is based. The said copy, if found conformable to the requirements of the law, will be indorsed by the mustering officer, and by him forwarded to the Adjutant-General's Office for file, with the muster-in roll.

85. No commissioned officer or enlisted man, of any grade, in excess of the legal organization, will be recognized. And any commander who may acknowledge or receive, as in service, any such officer or enlisted man, will be brought to trial for neglect of duty and disobedience of orders. No person acting in the capacity of a supernumerary will, under any circumstances, be permitted to receive pay and allowances from the Government; and paymasters making payment to such supernumeraries will be held individually accountable for amounts so paid.

86. All musters into and out of service must be made by an officer of the Regular Army, unless otherwise specially directed by the Secretary of War, through the Adjutant-General's Office.

Enlisted men can be mustered from date of enrollment. When the men of a company have been mustered by more than one officer, the fact must be stated on the muster-rolls opposite their names "by whom mustered," and these rolls must be signed by each of the mustering officers.

When one-half a company has been mustered into service the first lieutenant thereof can be mustered in, and when the organization of the company is completed, the captain and second lieutenant can be mustered.

No officers of the general staff will be mustered into service without special authority from the War Department, through the Adjutant-General.

Field and staff officers of regiments can be mustered into service upon the completion of the organization of regiment or companies, as follows:

Infantry.-Colonel and chaplain-entire regiment. Lieutenant- colonel-four companies. Major-six companies.

Cavalry.-Colonel and chaplain-entire regiment. Lieutenant- colonel-six companies. Major-one for every four companies.

Artillery.-Colonel and chaplain-entire regiment. Lieutenant- colonel-six companies. Majors-one for every four batteries.

For the respective arms, the Governors of the several States may, at any time during the organization of a volunteer regiment, authorize

