
the adjutant, quartermaster, and, when absolutely necessary, the medical officers thereof, to be mustered into service, to aid in recruiting the regiment, and for the prompt transaction of all other public business. The non-commissioned staff will in no case be mustered in till the regiment is complete.

After a regiment has been mustered into service no commissioned officer will be mustered in before producing a commission from the Governor of his State. After the commission has been exhibited the mustering officer will satisfy himself that a vacancy exists, in which case only can be make the muster.

The muster-in roll must show, over the certificate of the mustering officer, that the vacancy existed, and how it occurred. For example, if the vacancy resulted from death, the remark will be, "vice Captain A. S. Cole, deceased;" if from resignation, "vice Lieutenant Thomas Stone, resigned."

87. When volunteers are to be mustered into the service of the United States they will be minutely examined by the surgeon and assistant surgeon of the regiment, to ascertain whether they have the physical qualifications necessary for the military service. And in case any individual shall be discharged within three months after entering the service for a disability which existed at that time, he shall receive neither pay nor allowances except subsistence and transportation to his home. The certificate given by the surgeon will in all cases whether the disability existed prior to the date of muster, or was contracted after it.

If there be no medical officers, dully appointed, present the mustering officer, on consultation with the colonel or other gentleman of respectability, will select and engage the services of one or more physicians having diplomas and of well-established capacities and character, to assist him in inspecting the officers and men to be mustered, and to attend upon and accompany the troops on their march till relieved by others regularly appointed. They will be borne on the muster-roll of field and staff as acting surgeon and assistant surgeon, (not embraced in recapitulation,) with dates and place of commencement of service, and in the column of remarks say "Engaged at [Baltimore, July 25] by mustering officer, with approval of the colonel, to serve as acting surgeon (or assistant surgeon) in the regiment temporarily, and provisionally mustered at the rate of pay and allowances of that grade while serving and for the distance from place of discharge to his home, or the place of general rendezvous."

88. Captains will have a roll or list of their companies in the order of rank in every grade, the privates alphabetically (by the surname,) and all of the same name together, as Smith, John, Smith, John R., &amp;c., written in a plain hand, the first Christian name at full length, and every name accurately spelled; and they will form the company in the same order from right to left in two ranks, if it be foot, the commissioned officers on the right, then the sergeants, next the corporals, the musicians, privates, with an interval of a pace between the different grades, so that they may be easily distinguished and the number in each counted.

89. The mustering officer, accompanied by the captain and surgeon, will make a cursory examination from right to left and verify the numbers; and there should always be an excess of privates to supply the place of men rejected. He will be careful that men from one company or detachment are not borrowed for the occasion, to swell the

