
ranks of others about to be mustered.a No volunteer will be mustered into the service who is unable to speak the English language. (For exceptions see par. 3, G. O., A. G. O., 1861.)

90. If the company be of a mounted corps the men will be on horse-back in one rank, and the officer will examine the horses in front and rear to see that they are of suitable size, age, health, and condition, and, if necessary, he will require them to be moved out of the rank for inspection. No horse under five nor over nine years old should be received.

In addition to the usual examination of officers and men, a test of horsemanship must be made under the direction of the mustering officer; and no person shall be mustered into the cavalry service who does not exhibit good horsemanship and a practical knowledge of the ordinary care and treatment of horses.

91. Large pony horses, and sometimes large mules, may be received, but their acceptance will depend on the nature of the contemplated service and the feed to be used, as marching service in a section of country destitute of grain-not where maneuvering is expected.

92. If the mustering officer be not a good judge of horses in the qualities mentioned, he must obtain the services of some disinterested person who is, for much will depend on the efficiency of the animals.

93. The horse equipments will consist of a saddle, saddle blanket, double-rein bridle with curb bit, martingale, and tie rope or halter, and all strong and fitting.

94. Volunteers and militia are not to be less than eighteen nor more than forty-five years of age. Some exceptions may be admissible for over age in commissioned officers, provided they be physically robust and active, and in all other respects well qualified; but in this the mustering officer must exercise a sound and rigid judgment.

95. If there be any doubt the age of a person, ask any of the following questions: "How old are you? Are you eighteen? (or) Are you under forty-five? How do you know your age? In what year were you born? Did you ever see the register of your birth, and in what and when? Who told you the year of your birth, and when were you told? Will you take an oath that, to the best of your knowledge and belief, you are eighteen, or not over forty-five, years old?" And then administer the oath accordingly: "You swear that, to the best of your knowledge and belief, you are eighteen (or not over forty-five) years old: so help you God."

96. All officers and men must be sound and active, free from all malformation, defects of sight, hearing, ulcers, piles, rupture, fracture, dislocation, and disease of any kind. But the lack of or defect in the left eye, or slight injury of the left hand, will not reject the man. Stammerers must not be received. But all men who are enrolled and have performed duty in the organize militia will be received.

97. The company, being in line, will be faced to the right. The mustering officer, accompanied by the surgeon, after inspecting and accepting the captain and lieutenants, will place himself about a dozen paces form and nearly in front of the first sergeant with the captain near him on his right, to call the names. One of the second lieutenants will place himself by the left of the first sergeant, with directions

aTo this end the mustering officer will, at the conclusion of the muster of each battalion or regiment (whether by companies or not,) cause the entire force to be paraded for inspection; and in case any deception or fraud is discovered to have been practiced, he will immediately report the fact to the Adjutant-General, that the guilty parties may be disbanded.

