
to keep the right, now front, file of the company (not called) closed up to his front, and to see that each man, when his name is called, answers "Here," in a tone to be heard distinctly by the mustering officer. And every man must be called by and answer personally to his legal name; any other will vitiate his title to bounty and pension.

98. At the instant of answering the man will step off briskly, in a natural gait, his hands, without gloves on, hanging in an easy, traveling position, to and in front of the mustering officer and surgeon, who will, in most cases, be able to discover, while the man is approaching and passing, whether he is sound and suitable for service. If the man be accepted he will pass on and join the first lieutenant, who will form the company in the same order as before, see that the rear rank men cover those in front, and intervals preserved between the grades, so that the number in each may be easily distinguished and counted.

99. If the mustering officer and surgeon are not satisfied to receive a man by his appearance and movement in walking past, they will direct him to stop for a more critical examination and, if necessary, require him to strip at some convenient place, when the others shall have been called. Those rejected will be turned off and their names marked out of the list; and they must not be suffered to join any other company.

100. If the company be of a mounted corps the officers and men will be required to dismount and lead their horses past, holding the bridle rein by the end, out of the martingale and moving in a quick walk, so as to show the natural gait of both man and horse.

101. By this manner of inspecting a company may be examined in about half an hour; and the officers will be able to judge with great accuracy, by the close observance of a man's size, figure, motions, hands, eyes, and general appearance, all which must be scrutinizedl pass muster. The examination of a company naked, with the inconvenience generally felt at such places by the want of suitable buildings, would require two or three hours.

102. The captain and other officers, and, indeed, every man, are obligated to inform each other and the inspecting officers, when making up the company and at the muster, of any concealed or known lameness, defect, or disease in any one of the company; and the officers who enrolled the company will be held to refund the amount of pay and clothing furnished to any man who may be discharged, or found to be unfit for service, within three months from the muster into service, in consequence of any rupture, defect, or disease, unless he can show to the commanding general that the cause of unfitness occurred after the muster, not before.

103. When all the men have been called and accepted the mustering officer, accompanied by the captain, will count the number in each grade and see that they correspond with the number of names on the list, and agree with the prescribed organization.

104. The mustering officer will then cause the company to take the oath of allegiance contained in the 10th article of the Rules and Articles of War, this being proper to insure subordination and faithful service on the part of the men, who have, by enrollment and muster as volunteers, enlisted in the service of the United States. It is not absolutely necessary, but proper that the oath be administered, as the men are he service by the act of mustering. The substance of the oath may be mentioned beforehand if required; it must be administered by an officer of the Regular Army or civil

