
magistrate, preferably the former. The company, officers included, will be directed to uncover their heads and hold up their right hands, and then, in a loud and very distinct, impressive manner, the following will be administered: (See also Article 97.)

105. "All and each of you do solemnly swear (or affirm, as the cayou will bear true allegiance to the United States of America, and that you will serve them honestly and faithfully against all their enemies or opposes whatsoever, and observe and obey the orders of the President of the United States and the orders of the officers appointed over you according to the Rules and Articles for the government of the Armies of the United States: so help you God."

The above oath having been administered, the mustering officer will form the officers in a body and administer to them the following, in addition:

"All and each of you do solemnly swear (or affirm) that you have never voluntarily borne arms against the United States since you have been citizens thereof; that you have voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel, or encouragement to persons engaged in armed hostility thereto; that you have neither sought nor accepted, nor attempted to exercise, the functions of any officer under any authority or pretended authority in hostility to the United States; that you have not yielded a voluntary support to any pretended government, authority, power, or constitution within the United States, hostile or inimical thereto. And you do further swear (or affirm) that, to the best of your knowledge and ability, you will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the offices on which you are about to enter; so help you God."

106. The Rules and Articles of War will then be read to th captain, or under his superintendence, as also paragraph 1645 of Army Regulations, and read again, in like manner, semi-annually, on the last days of December and June. And on the muster-rolls for pay, and those of muster into service, the captain will certify that the rules have been read as here directed.

APPRAISAL OF HORSES AND HORSE EQUIPMENT.

107. The mustering officer and captains of companies will select three respectable and impartial men, god judges of the value of horses, and not members of any company, nor owning or having interest in any horse therein, to appraise the horses and horse equipments. The valuation will be the fair cash price at the place and time what the judges would be willing to give were they purchasing for themselves. And the assessed value for horses and horse equipments-the two separate-will be put on the muster-roll opposite the owners" names, and the appraisers, being sworn by the mustering officers, will sign the certificate for that purpose on the roll of muster into service. And the valuation will be continued on the subsequent rolls.

108. Every officer and man should be the owner of the horse in his use; no officer or other person belonging to the command (company or regiment) can be the owner of, or in any manner have interest in, the horse in use by another.

