
by the military authorities of New Orleans, and inviting him to resume the exercise of his functions as consul of the Netherlands.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

STATE OF LOUISIANA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

New Orleans, La., September 19, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of September 2, inclosing copies of several communications addressed by the Department of State to the diplomate representatives of Great Britain, France, and the Netherlands, growing out of the relations between the military authorities and the consuls of those countries at New Orleans. I have advised M. Couturie, the consul of the Netherlands, that the $800,000 in coin taken from his possession by General Butler would be restored to him or to the agent of Messrs. Hope &amp; Co., or to the Citizens" Bank of Louisiana, whichsoever of them he might designate. Copy of my letter to M. Couturie is herewith transmitted. As the diplomatic correspondence transmitted to me contains a statement that I should be directed to invite M. Couturie to resume his consular functions, and also that I should be directed to cause to be restored the $800,000 seized by General Butler, I have taken the liberty to act upon these communications without awaiting any more specific instructions from you or from the Department of State on this subject. I shall endeavor in my intercourse with the foreign consuls in New Orleans as far as possible to avoid any causes of irritation tending to embarrass the Government in its relations to foreign powers.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

G. F. SHEPLEY,

Military Governor of Louisiana.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 30, 1862.

His Excellency WILLIAM A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut, Hartford:

Volunteers who h ave not been muste cannot be held. They can of course furnish substitutes if they choose.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 30, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel RITCHIE,

Boston, Mass.:

Your nine-months" regiments to the number of eight will be forwarded to General Foster, at New Berne, as soon as they are ready. You will apply to the quartermaster for transportation and report to this Department, so that it may be provided.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

