
SAINT PAUL, MINN., September 30, 1862-11 a.m.

(Received 4 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

It is advisable that the three-months" regiment of mounted infantry authorized to be raised August 25 should be mustered in for one year. Can permission be obtained?

OSCAR MALMROS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 30, 1862.

President A. LINCOLN:

SIR: I have the honor to refer to some of the topies of our conversation last week, at which time you were pleased to say that you desired the Governors of the loyal States present to put their suggestions in writing.

I proposed at that time to fill the regiments in service most reduced by the casualties of war by retiring a given number from the more active service with the armies in the presence of the enemy, and, having filled them and obtained a perfect reorganization, return them to the field and retire others until they were all filled to the standard established by the Government, in the meantime supplying their places in the field with new regiments. I named ten regiments as the number to be retired at each time from this State. Most of our regiments that have participated in the recent battles are reduced to skeletons, and although we have furnished about 15,000 recruits for old regiments in the field, divided amongst the many regiments from this State, no efficient strength has been given to any of them.

The Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, numbering thirteen regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and one of artillery, with a numerical strength of 15,760 men, were taken into the service of the United States in July, 1861, immediately after the first battle of Manassas. The thirteen regiments of infantry did not muster 4,000 men after the battle of Antietam. All of these regiments are much reduced in number, whilst many of them can scarcely be said to retain regimental organization. The brilliant history of this Reserve Corps in the war and the State pride which has followed them since they entered the service, together with the circumstances surrounding their organization, would, I have no doubt, prove such incentives to enlistment that the corps could be filled to the maximum in a short space of time.

I suggest that the corps be returned to the State and placed in the camp at this capital, and, if I am corrsion, the success would affect the minds of our people favorably, and other regiments in the service could be filled in their turn promptly.

It is proper that, in this connection, I should say that the suggestions reflect the opinion of all the officers of the corps.

I take this opportunity of again renewing the suggestion of all the Governors on the occasion referred to-that so far as consistent with the interests of the public service sick and wounded volunteers be taken to hospitals within the States within which they were enlisted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. CURTIN.

[First indorsement.]

OCTOBER 11, 1862.

Submitted to the consideration of the Secretary of War and of General Halleck.

A. LINCOLN.

