
subjects against his administration of the quarantine laws at New Orleans, which was submitted for the perusal of the Secretary of State on the 18th instant. A transcript of the report has been communicated to Mr. Tassara, the minister of Spain.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, June 22, 1862.

JUAN CALLEON,

Spanish Consul at New Orleans, La.:

SIR: In the matter of the steamer Cardenas the following order has gone to the officer in command of Forts Jackson and Saint Philip:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, June 22, 1862.

You will permit the Spanish steamer Cardenas to come up the river, provided the surgeon at quarantine can give her a clean bill or health. The steamer will make no landing in New Orleans till she reports to the captain of the port.

By order of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

The Cardenas came into the river, ran by the forts without stopping, being supposed to be the U. S. mail steamer Connecticut, anchored below the town. Did not report to the harbor master; landed her passengers without permission or the knowledge of the authorities here, and was preparing to land her cargo without regard of the revenue laws. For these reasons I ordered her back below the forts. I have now my quarantine arrangements made and if the steamer has committed no breaches of the revenue laws of the United States she will meet with no difficulties.

I am your obedient servant,

By order of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, August 11, 1862.

CAPTAIN OF THE SPANISH WAR STEAMER BLASCO DE GARAY:

I have learned through Admiral Farragut that owing to the non- arrival and necessary quarantine of your supply ship from Havana that you are embarrassed in the matter of provisions.

Anything in the commissariat of the United States in this department is tendered at your service precisely as we supply our own Navy.

In regard to your mail on board the Cardenas, I will take measures to have the same properly fumigated and passed to you with as little delay as possible. Any other courtesy or assistance in the power of this department which can be shown or given to a vessel of war of the Spanish nation, always so friendly to the United States, is fully offered.

I have the honor to be, with sentiments of high esteem, your obedient servant,

BEN. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

