
nation for this port, where she is to load with tobacco, which the Spanish Government had bought in this place (or market) more than a year since. The third day it arrived at the balize, and to-day it is announced to me by the captain that she has been quarantined for thirty days at the quarantine, where she had arrived.

It is now twenty days since this vessel left Havana, and she has not experienced any change in her crew; and admitting the singularity with which you are wont to treat Spanish vessels, imposing upon them a greater quarantine than upon those of other nations coming from the same port, and whatever may be the quarantine laws of all nations, the stated period commences the day the vessel sails from port.

The quarantine of thirty days imposed upon the frigate-of-war Pinta would neither be just nor equitable, because the same length of quarantine was imposed on the Spanish steamer Cardenas, which came here from Havana with cargo.

In making these observation to you I comply with the instructions I received yesterday from my Government and from the Captain- General of Cuba, and I beg you will deign to attend to them in order to shield the Government of Her Majesty from the grave damages which so extraordinary a detention would originate.

God guard your excellency many years.

JUAN CALLEON,

Spanish Consul.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, August 16, 1862.

Senior Don CALLEJON,

Spanish Consul:

SIR: I have this moment received the letter with which you have honored me.

I am not aware that I have imposed any different quarantine upon Spanish vessels sailing from Havana from any other nations. My orders are imperative to the quarantine officers not to allow any vessels from an infected port to pass without strictest quarantine. These orders have been obeyed. In one instance, when a vessel did not touch the shore in Havana, I believe they were relaxed.

I beg to assure you and the Government of Her Most Catholic Majesty that personally and officially I entertain feelings of the utmost cordiality toward that Government; and any vessel running from Spain or any portion of Her Majesty's dominions not infected with "epidemic yellow fever," which is the bill of health of the Pinta, will be allowed to pass as the most favored nation.

It is only to save the inhabitants of New Orleans, as well Spanish as others, from that deadly scourge, the epidemic, that makes me rigid in quarantine. I cannot therefore put any weight of tobacco against the lives of those in my charge.

With assurances of the utmost respect, I remain, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, August 19, 1862.

COMMANDER OF SPANISH WAR STEAMER:

SIR: In making you the proposition in my former note I by no means intended to enter into a correspondence which would add to

