
long as the United States has the physical power (pouvoir materiel) to enforce it. I have submitted to the judgment of my very competent surgeon at the quarantine the question of the length of time and the action proper to be taken to insure safety. I have by no order interfered with his discretion. If he thinks ten days sufficient in a given case, be it so; if forty in another, be it so; if one hundred in another, it shall be so. I should think, however, that the surgeon would make a difference in length of quarantine between a vessel which only touched at Havana and one that loaded and shipped her crew there. This may account for the different length of quarantine.

Some of the vessels you name came earlier in the season, but with this I have nothing to do except to enforce vigorously such quarantine as my health officers think proper. In regard to the petty officer and man from your ship, I had not been informed save by your letter. If you had done me the honor to notify me of their arrestation I would instantly have seen to it that they should have had every advantage upon their trial. Convince me now that injustice has been done and they shall be pardoned. You will remember that I cannot personally superintend every administrative and judicial act. Ifed to the unreasonable complaints of bad men, so as not to feel at liberty to approach me with the freedom and promptness which has characterized the intercourse of the commanders of the Milan, French ship, and the British ship Rinaldo, whenever their countrymen needed redress, I am sure you will acquit me of all blame so far as official and personal courtesy toward yourself is concerned.

I have to apologize for the delay in this reply. My translator was absent, and I do not read your language with sufficient accuracy to allow myself to reply to the language of accusation without a translator.

With sentiments of respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 7.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, September 2, 1862.

Senor JUAN CALLEON, Spanish Consul:

SIR: I inclose to you for information a copy of a report of the quarantine physician. I have directed the two Spanish vessels to be allowed to come up at once, in accordance with the recommendation of the health officer. The Cardenas will be up as soon as her cargo is loaded. You will see the wretched state of health of the Italian bark, showing the necessity of the strictest quarantine.

With sentiments of regard and esteem, I am, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure.]

QUARANTINE STATION,

Mississippi River, August 30, 1862.

Dr. CHARLES McCORMICK, U. S. Army,

Medical Director, Department of the Gulf:

SIR: In obedience to your order of date 28th instant (per telegram) I submit the following report in relation to Her Catholic Majesty's (Spanish) transports now in quarantine.

I have made daily visits on board these vessels, invariably inspected

