
crews and condition, clothing, &amp;c., and find all in good health except one case of laryngitis on board the Maria Galante. This case is now discharged and rapidly convalescing. The commanders have rendered every facility in promptly executing the requirements of this quarantine. Vessels have been fumigated and thoroughly cleaned, crews and clothing all washed and purified. I should pronounce favorably to granting permission for these vessels to be permitted to continue their voyage to New Orleans without any danger whatever of introducing an infection.

The emanations arising from decomposed vegetable matter (potatoes) on board the steamer Estrella, now unloaded, was, without doubt, the worst I ever came in contact with. It was with force on my part alone that I could get the men to handle the barrels. So dense and foul was the effluvia when brought from the hold of the vessels on to the wharf that a distance of 1,000 yards complaint was made. Such cargoes are the rife beds of disease. No wonder New Orleans suffered severely from pestilence by permitting the introduction, in former years, of the like character of cargoes to be discharged alongside her wharves, from whence infection radiated from a common center to her inhabitants. There is likewise a quantity of Dutch cheese among her cargo, rotten and moldy, which I shall order to be thrown into the river, being beyond any process of purification.

An Italian brig, the Buno Corrinna, arrived to-night from Havana direct with assorted cargo, bill of health, declaring the existence of yellow fever in an epidemic character. This vessel had three of her crew in hospital (in H.) from yellow fever. Two died; the mate is on board convalescing. I have forbidden (under a very severe penalty) any communication with this vessel by any one save myself. As her condition (vessel) is very foul, I shall use daily powerful disinfectants on board, in the hold, and among the passengers and cabin, before I bring the vessel alongside of wharf. The vessel is anchored in middle river. I would not suffer Dr. Charles W. Moore, my assistant, to board vessel, as he is not acclimated. There are on board (this morning, Sunday) two of her men complaining with prodromic symptoms, whom I shall immediately place under treatment. Under all circumstances I shall exercise the greatest vigilance and enforcement o quarantine laws on this vessel and her passengers and crew. I have taken the precaution to have this vessel anchored fully one mile below the wharf until I have her freely fumigated, then I shall haul her alongside wharf for unloading. In case any disease develops itself on board I will immediately communicate with you.

E. Hopkins, assistant surgeon Fourteenth Maine Regiment, a passenger on board the steamer Estrella, has been on shore in my residence since his arrival here, 21st instant-is healthy, and desirous to join his command, now at Carrollton. I deem it prudent and safe that he be permitted to go up.

Answer by telegram.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. G. FISHER,

Resident Physician.

[Inclosure Numbers 8.] DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, September 24, 1862.

CAPTAIN COMMANDING THE BLASCO DE GARAY:

SIR: Having reason to believe that some escaped prisoners are attempting to leave on board of Spanish transports, the names of two

