
having already been found on the list, and knowing it was without the knowledge of the Spanish consul, or any of your [officers], upon consultation with your consul, I desire to ask that you will permit one of my detective officers, in company with one of the officers of your ship, to examine the passengers on board the transport so as to detect the escape of unworthy persons.

I ask the supervision of one of your officers, in order that I may not seem to interfere with or infringe the Spanish jurisdiction over your nationals vessel; or if this would seem to you objectionable, any other means may be taken by which the same object be accomplished.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 9.] NEW ORLEANS, LA., October 4, 1862.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, U. S. Army,

Commanding the Department of the Gulf:

Having carefully examined into the cases referred to in the communication of His Excellency Mr. Tassara, minister from Spain, I respectfully submit that, from the annexed statements of facts, taken from the records of the quarantine station and those of the Board of Health of New Orleans, the "complaints alleged by Spanish subjects against Major-General Butler's administrations of the quarantine laws at New Orleans," and "allegations in effect of a capricious discrimination to the prejudice of Spanish vessels trading at New Orleans," it will be seen that, as far as Major-General Butler and his medical officers connected with the quarantine station and the Board of Health of New Orleans are concerned, their acts have been without fear, favor, or partiality, so to conduct and enforce the quarantine regulations as to derive therefrom the sole object for which they were instituted, the greatest possible salubrity of the city of New Orleans during the sickly season of the year and, above all, so as to prevent the introduction of yellow fever into the city of New Orleans; and yet, notwithstanding all their vigilance, on the 6th day of September, by the steam tug Ida, from New York via Nassau, New Providence, a case of most undoubted yellow fever was brought into this city and proved fatal on the morning of the (sixth day after its arrival) 12th of September. Doctors Smyth, Fenner, Wederstrandt and Brickell, each of whom had seen and examined the case before its fatal termination, all concur that it was an unmistakable case of yellow fever. In the words of Doctor Wederstrandt, that whom no physician is more capable of judging, having plainly shown every characteristic of yellow fever up to and including black vomit.

I saw this case myself immediately after death, and am satisfied it was an unmistakable case of yellow fever.

This circumstances naturally caused greatly increased rigor, as had previously taken place from accidental occurrences of a minor nature.

In every judicious quarantine all vessels direct from healthy ports can enter without delay, and all from infected ports must be detained until the medical officers become satisfied beyond a doubt that in permitting them to go up to the city they shall neither carry up the yellow fever nor the infection that may produce it. This requires much nice discrimination, and also a greater or less lapse of time, according to attending circumstances, and its exercise can scarcely fail in some

