
few cases, as in the present instance, to cause discontent, which would c all the true facts in each particular case were thoroughly understood. Such I apprehend to be the only foundation upon which can rest the allegations above referred to of arbitrariness to Spanish vessels.

In reference to the comparative salubrity of the city of New Orleans and of the island of Cuba, I will simply remark that it is public and notorious that yellow fever has been severe in Havana, both in the town and among the shipping, whilst New Orleans has never within the memory of the oldest inhabitants been so extremely clean, so extremely healthy, or in such good police as it now is on this 4th day of October, and has been throughout the sickly season of this year, which may now be regarded as safely passed.

No candid person can deny that all of this has been the natural result of the measures adopted by Major-General Butler, both in the rigid and judicious quarantine regulations and the most admirable police of the entire city, whereof no portion has been overlooked. It is the universal remark that this city never was as healthy during the sickly season of the year, nor as clean, nor as well policed, nor as orderly, nor as well quarantined as it has been under Major-General Butler's administration. It would not be doing full justice to this subject did I fail to state that, within my own personal experience during the last seventeen years, whenever yellow existed with as much severity as it has this year at Vera Cruz, Galveston, Havana, and Key West, New Orleans has always likewise suffered from it severely, and, in my opinion, would most certainly have done so this season but for the most admirable and judicious military quarantine adopted by Major-General Butler. That a military quarantine can always be more rigidly, judiciously, and faithfully carried out, the present quarantine has demonstrated, when in the hands of a proper commander. The greatest public good results from the most rigid quarantine, and unless it is rigid it can scarcely protect.

To the foregoing remarks I hereto annex the following statement of facts:

Statement of facts in relation to the quarantine of vessels referred to by the minister from Spain.

The transport ships of war Pinta and Maria Galante arrive at quarantine station below New Orleans from a port (Havana) infected with yellow fever in an epidemic form, as shown by bill of health from Spanish authorities, with the indorsement of the American consul.

In consideration of their character, of their having no cargo, and being in good condition, they were not detained for thirty days, under the rule that then existed-the former only twenty and the latter only sixteen days. These ships were from a port infected with yellow fever in an epidemic form, as stated in their bills of health from the proper authorities in the city of Havana. Our general rule was that all vessels from ports infected with yellow fever should be detained at quarantine full thirty days. We waived this rule for their especial benefit. The Spanish steamship Cardenas was most necessarily detained, otherwise the quarantine would have been a farce.

The Marie Felicite, a French ship, was from Havre, France, via Havana. Her cargo was received on board at Havre, France. She was thirty days from Havana when she arrived at quarantine, the vessel clean, no sickness; the captain reported his crew all acclimated to

