
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXECUTIVE DEPT., Boston, May 22, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: On the 17th instant, by my direction, the adjutant-general of this Commonwealth had the honor to address you a letter concerning the Massachusetts battalion of infantry now on duty at Fort Warren, which he inclosed to the Honorable John B. Alley, who was requested to hand it to you, and if possible to receive your answer. This battalion numbers six full companies of 101 men each, is well officered, and is in an admirable state of discipline. With your permission I will recruit it to a regiment, which an be done in a comparatively short time, and have it placed, subject to your order, as one of the three regiments about which Adjutant-General Thomas telegraphed me on Monday. Should you accept this proposition, it will be an easy matter to recruit another battalion for service at the fort, which I will do with your permission. the men now at the fort desire active service, and as they are now proficient in military drill, it would be advisable to send them to the field in preference to a regiment composed of raw recruits. Please let me know by telegraph your decision. Colonel Dimick will probably oppose; the old army officers dislike changes. But it is the best thing to do, in my judgment. Fort Warren is a good place to break in and drill at, and when the men become proficient they do more good elsewhere.

Yours, with great respect,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

STATE OF NEW JERSEY, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Trenton, May 22, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General United States:

SIR: Last evening I received dispatch directing me to raise one regiment of infantry immediately. Measures have been taken to comply with the order at the earliest possible moment. We can clothe the regiment from our State arsenal.

Very respectfully, yours,

CHAS. S. OLDEN.

MADISON, May 22, 1862.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS:

If Government will pay our field and line officers from the time they commence their work we will raise the regiment speedily. It will save twenty days's time in getting regiment ready. Please answer as soon as possible.

E. SALOMON.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, May 22, 1862.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF WISCONSIN,

Madison, Wis.:

If the regiments are raised within twenty days, the field and line officers will be paid by the Government from commencement of their

