
yellow fever, and all surrounding circumstances confirmed his statement. She was detained at the quarantine station until thoroughly fumigated. Then, taking into consideration that thirty days had elapsed between her departure from Havana and arrival at quarantine station, having no disease on board, having been properly fumigated, having the number of crew of original Havre papers, and that she had left Havana on the 24th of May; had not taken any persons or things on board, then, most conclusive of all, that during these thirty days of voyage no developments of the disease occurred, which must inevitably have been the case had she had any infection on board, she was, for all these reasons combined, permitted to pass. The Virginia Antoinette was loaded with loose salt, had no passengers, crew all well, vessel clean, had left Havanna on the 31st of May and arrived at quarantine on the 20th of June. Her cabin and forecastle were well fumigated, and her load in itself being a powerful disinfectant she was permitted to pass up.

The steamship Roanoke was declared by the captain thereof to be direct from New York, and we had no means of knowing that he had called at Havana. As to the Wild Caing passed up or of her having been at the quarantine station at all. The ship Statesman was in ballast, was twenty days from Matanzas, and, as far as known to us then and since, an uninfected port.

OCTOBER 6, 1862.

Upon consulting the records of the Charity Hospital for the last forty-five years, I find that yellow fever has commenced in this city as late as the 25th day of September, and this was in the year 1859. It is now, therefore, nearly two weeks later than, during nearly the past half century, it has ever commenced, and we consequently have reasonable hope that this year we may escape, seeing that during this long period it has not once commenced in October.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES McCORMICK,

Medical Director Department of the Gulf.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 1, 1862.

His Excellency Governor WASHBURN,

Augusta, Me.:

Militia can only be mustered by regiments full to maximum. Arrangements made to-day for supplying all arms needed. How may will you want?

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXECUTIVE DEPT.,

Boston, Mass., October 1, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: There are encamped in this State now about 12,000 militia for nine-months" service, as a part of the quota of 19,000 required from

