
heretofore directed until sufficient number of men shall be drawn to make up the said proportions in said towns and cities respectively.

By order of His Excellency John A. Andrew, Governor and commander-in-chief:

WILLIAM SCHOULER,

Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, October 1, 1862-10.45 a.m.

(Received 12.30 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Safely at home. As agreed in our interview of Sunday, I have now to request: First, that your order the advance pay and bounty to recruits, after the 15th of September, for new regiments then raising; second, that your order the Second Ohio Cavalry, now in Kansas, home, to be remounted and sent into Kentucky for service; third, that you appoint Dr. L. C. Brown post surgeon at Camp Chase, or otherwise employ him with the rank and pay of a full surgeon; fourth, that you authorize me to accept the services of the drafted troops as volunteers for one year, allowing the usual pay and bounty; fifth, that you authorize the re-enlisting for three years of our late three-months" regiments.

D. TOD,

Governor of Ohio.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, October 1, 1862.

(Received 2.30 p.m.)

General BUCKINGHAM:

Since my dispatch of this a.m. to Secretary Stanton asking for the appointment of a surgeon at Camp Chase it has occurred to me that the better way is to appoint a surgeon to the Governor's Guard-a force of 300 men raised by his authority for guard duty at Camp Chase.

DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 1, 1862.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Volunteers for nine months presented by you will be received and mustered as militia. We do not inquire whether you drafted them or not. Mustering officers will be instructed accordingly.

By order of Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 149. Washington, October 2, 1862.

No person shall be mustered into the service of the United States as a member of the corps of sharpshooters unless he shall produce the certificate of some person, duly authorized by the Governor of the State in which the company is raised, that he has in five consecutive

