
shots, at 200 yards at rest, made a string not over twenty-five inches, or the same string offhand at 100 yards; the certificate to be written on the target used at the test.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 150. Washington, October 2, 1862.

The following order is published for the information of all concerned:

ORDER TRANSFERRING GUN-BOAT FLEET.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 1, 1862.

Under the act of Congress of 16th July, 1862, the Western Gun- boat Fleet is this day transferred from the War to the Navy Department.

The officers in charge will transfer to the officers of the Navy authorized to receive them the vessels, naval stores, supplies, and property of all kinds pertaining to the fleet. The usual receipts will be taken in triplicate for all property transferred.

The chief quartermaster, Captain G. D. Wise, of the gun-boat fleet, will settle up all indebtedness of the fleet to the 1st of October, make the usual returns, and will close his accounts and report by letter to the Quartermaster-General.

In thus transferring this fleet, organized and built under the direction of the War Department, to the Navy Department, the Secretary of War desires to express to the officers both of the Army and Navy, and to the civilians temporarily employed upon this dangerous service of the gun-boat fleet, his high sense of the valor, skill, and patriotism with which the operations of this fleet have been conducted. The brilliant and important services of the gun-boats at Fort Henry, Fort Donelson, Columbus, Island Numbers 10, Pittsburg Landing, Memphis, Vicksburg, Natchez, Baton Rouge, and generally in independent action or in co-operation with the army on the Western rivers, will constitute one of the brightest pages in the history of the war for the preservation of the integrity of the country and the suppression of a causeless and wicked rebellion.

They have the thanks, so well deserved, of this Government and of the people of the United States.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., October 2, 1862-8 p.m.

(Received 1.40 a.m. 3rd.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Are not all troops authorized by your Department to be raised in this State entitled to the bounty, premium, and the advance pay, including cavalry and artillery?

ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, ME., October 2, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Seven thousand six hundred arms needed. When will militia leave the State? Will Secretary pleas read my letter about mustering the militia, probably received to-day?*

I. WASHBURN, JR.

---------------

*Of September 30, relating to retention of commandants of camps after the militia have been duly mustered. Answered October 10, "that they will be retained until public property for which they may be responsible is called for."

---------------

