
States they have been accepted, but in no case has the advance pay and bounty been allowed. It is neither authorized by law, nor is there any money applicable to them. But the advanced pay and bounty will be allowed to fill up the regiments being raised but not full on the 15th of September.

E. M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 3, 1862.

His Excellency Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

First. Advance pay and bounty will be paid to recruits for regiments of three-years" troops, commenced before September 15.

Second. The Second Regiment Ohio Cavalry, now in service in Kansas, will be ordered home and remounted.

Third. Dr. L. C. Brown will be appointed surgeon of volunteers, and will be stationed at Camp Chase, in Ohio.

Fourth. The services of volunteers for nine or twelve months will be received in lieu of drafted troops, but no advance pay or bounty allowed.

Fifth. The three-months" regiments from Ohio, just mustered out, may enlist for three years and receive advance pay and bounty.

Sixth. You are authorized to raise another company for Governor's Guard, on duty at Camp Chase.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, October 3, 1862-2.40 p.m.

(Received 4.40 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I can recruit a few more batteries. Will you authorize me to do so?

DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 3, 1862.

GOVERNOR OF RHODE ISLAND,

Providence, R. I.:

SIR: The Secretary of War desires you to recruit a company of volunteer infantry for service as a guard at Portsmouth Grove Hospital. The company will be received and mustered in for this special service.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

MADISON, WIS., October 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I urge that permission by granted to raise two more companies of three-years" men by volunteers to fill one of our regiments. We shall

