
service. If not, then from date of organization of the respective commands.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, May 23, 1862.

His Excellency SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa, Des Moines, Iowa:

Raise one regiment of infantry as soon as possible, the other afterward.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

STATE OF KANSAS, EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Topeka, May 23,1 862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith the statements of Colonel Weer with indorsement* and to submit a statement relative to the matter.

On the 20th of June, 1861, General Lane received authority to raise two regiments. One of these Colonel Weer attempted to raise by appointment, not of the Governor but of General Lane. Those regiments were authorized to be mustered with full list of field and company officer before being filled.

September 16, 1861, the War Department issued Order Numbers 78, providing that all persons volunteer regiments, batteries, and companies in the loyal States, are with their commands hereby placed under the orders of the Governors of those State, to whom they will immediately report the present condition of their respective organizations. These troops will be organized or reorganized and prepared for service by the Governors of their respective States in the manner they may judge most advantageous for the interests of the General Government.

Notwithstanding this order General Lane never reported to me as commission such officers as he had selected, one of whom was Colonel Weer. Colonel W. was never appointed by the President and would regiments in the first instance, as it is notorious that he was loud in his threats against the State Executive. He was commissioned solely to avoid all appearance of apposing the wishes of General Lane in the organization of his regiments. I never ordered any companies from the Fourth Regiment except one cavalry and one artillery company, and this was done after notice was received by me from the War Department that mixed regiments would not be recognized. The other companies, if they ever belonged to the regiment, were detached by General Lane without any agency of mine.

---------------

*Omitted.

5 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

---------------

