
A forced service from them would not tend to the efficiency of the Quartermaster's Department.

If it applies to these persons it will probably to all persons of African descent employed by the United States throughout the loyal States and throughout the naval service. Free colored persons in Northern States cannot generally be hired at such rates.

In the rebel States, within the sphere of active military operations, there will probably be no difficulty in carrying out the law, and, it was, perhaps, to fugitives in such territory that the law was intended particularly to apply.

I respectfully ask that the question be decided by authority whether the law requires all persons of African descent employed in the Quartermaster's Department to be paid $10 a month and a ration, and no more, or whether the officers of the department are at liberty to continue to pay wages such as the market price of labor requires to persons of African descent already employed or hereafter employed and not enrolled into service under special regulations of the President under the law of 17th July, 1862.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 4, 1862.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

The time for filling the cavalry regiments now organizing in your State is extended to the 20th instant.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, October 5, 1862-7.30 p.m.

(Received 9.25 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The draft is progressing harmoniously. It will amount to about 10,000 in number. I have given authority to all drafted men to enlist in organized regiments for three years, which I think will dispose of about one-half of the number. This done, I propose then to ask the balance for one year. Without any well-defined authority therefor, I have exempted all State and county officers, also members of religious denominations whose creed forbids taking up arms, upon payment of $200 each; all of which I ask you to approve. I purpose using the money thus obtained in hiring substitutes and in caring for the sick and wounded, through Quartermaster-General Wright.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, October 5, 1862.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The order for raising three new cavalry regiments does not provide for advance pay and bounty. Please see directly.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

