
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 152. Washington, October 6, 1862.

The attention of all officers commanding posts, districts, or brigades of troops to which chaplains are attached is again directed to sections 8 and 9 of the act "to define the pay and emoluments of certain officers of the army," &amp;c., approved July 17, 1862, and to the duty therein enjoined on them-a duty which they will at once fulfill.

The two sections of this law referred to, though already published in General Orders, Numbers 91, of July 29, 1862, are republished for their information.*

Chaplains employed at the military posts called "Chaplains" posts" shall be required to reside at the posts, and all chaplains in the U. S. service shall be subject to such rules in relation to leave of absence from duty as are prescribed for commissioned officers of the U. S. Army stationed at such posts.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 6, 1862.

His Excellency Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

All new regiments, batteries, or companies specially authorized by this Department will receive advance pay and bounty unless the order provides to the contrary. All sharpshooters will be tested. See General Orders, Numbers 149.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., October 6, 1862.

(Received 2 p. m.)

General P. C. BUCKINGHAM:

Will you not see the Secretary and have an order made to muster in volunteers in lieu of drafted men by companies? See my dispatch to General Thomas yesterday. I assure you it is very important to the public service, as it will expedite filling the quota and relieve us from much trouble and dissatisfaction. We must treat the draft delicately in this State.

A. G. CURTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 6, 1862.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Full companies of volunteers in lieu of drafted men may be mustered in by companies, but will be assigned without delay to regiments which will be organized consecutively, so as to have at one time not more than one or two incomplete.

By order of Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM.

---------------

*See sections 8 and 9, p. 278.

---------------

