
kept there for border defense. Besides this force w shall have about five regiments of drafted militia. I shall also have, within the time your mention, one full regiment of cavalry and three fragments, enough in all, say, to make one more. We are, however, illy prepared with arms and equipments for both infantry and cavalry.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 154. Washington, October 9, 1862.

The commanding officer of each regiment, battalion, and battery of the Regular Army in the field will appoint one or more recruiting officers, who are hereby authorized to enlist, with their won consent, the requisite number of efficient volunteers to fill the ranks of their command to the legal standard.

The enlistments will be made in the usual mode, and for three years, or for the remaining portion of the period of three years which the volunteer has yet to serve, if he so prefer.

The recruiting officers will furnish to the commanding officers of companies to which volunteers whom they may enlist belong, lists of such volunteers. All the men upon such lists will be reported as honorably discharged the day previous to the date of their enlistment, on the first subsequent muster-roll of their company.

As an inducement to volunteers to enlist in the Regular Army, it will be remember that promotion to commissions therein is open by law to its meritorious and distinguished non-commissioned officers, and that may have already been promoted.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, October 9, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: There is no regulation fixing the allowance of transportation in the field. Printed orders from some of the generals commanding active troops have fixed the allowance at fifteen wagons to a regiment; others have marched with six.

The troops generally carry too much useless baggage.

The opinion of Napoleon was that 500 wagons were enough for an army of 40,000 men, and that with this number the army could have with it a month's provisions. His troops bivouacked without tents. The introduction of the shelter-tent enables our Army to carry the tents of the rank and file upon the persons of the soldiers, and the wagon trains can therefore be reduced to as low a standard as that advised by Napoleon. The trains of an army are of three classes-the headquarters, the regimental, and the general supply trains.

It is impossible to fix by any general regulation the number of wagons in the general supply trains. They will increase the distance from the depot of supplies to the army increases. These depots are generally filled in our country by railroad or water transportation, and the supplied are carried forward from the principal depots to the

