
In reply, I am instructed by the Secretary to inform you that the soldiers of our Army are recruited from among out own citizens, and that, while all foreigners are welcomed to our shores, and will be permitted to enlist, if they desire to do so, upon an equal footing with our citizens, the Government does not deem it expedient to procure enlistments in a foreign country, or to furnish transportation with the understanding, express or implied, that the emigrants will enlist on their arrival here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 10, 1862.

Governor BURTON,

State of Delaware:

ordered, That whereas the full quota of the State of Delaware of volunteers and militia called for by the President on the 3rd day of July has, under authority of this Department, been raised by volunteers, the order for a draft of militia from the State of Delaware is revoked and annulled.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, October 10, 1862-12 m.

(Received 2.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I can give you fifteen infantry regiments in two weeks if I can get pay, bounty, clothing, and arms. I have arms for ten regiments, and coats and pants making for all, but must have shirts, drawers, shoes, socks, overcoats, knapsacks, canteens, haversacks, and blankets. The weather grows cold, and our men suffer for want of clothing and blankets. Money is needed to pay advance pay and bounties. We must have clothing and money soon or some of our regiments will disband. Answer dispatch in regard to Wilson's cavalry.

SAML. J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor.

[OCTOBER 10, 1862.-For McClernand to Stanton in regard to organization of troops for the "Mississippi expedition," see Series I, Vol. XVII, Part II, p. 274. Other correspondence relating to the same subject is also published in Vol. XVII.]

SAINT LOUIS, October 10, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of the 27th September in answer to mine of the 22nd. I delayed a reply until the receipt of yours of the 3rd instant rendered a reply necessary.

