
January 17, 1862, General Hunter, commanding Department of Kansas, issued General Orders, Numbers 9, in part as follows:

I. In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 1, paragraph 4, from Headquarters of the Army, dated 2nd instant, First Lieutenant C. S. Bowman, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, will proceed to their respective stations and remuster the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Regiments Kansas Volunteer Brigade.

* * * * *

III. The mustering officer in the performance of this duty will strictly regard the requirements of the orders of the War Department applicable to the organization of regiments, battalions, and companies, namely, General Orders, Nos. 15, 25, and 61. If there are found in any regiment or organization, on remustering, and surplus officers, they must be mustered out of service preparatory to full payment for the time they have served, &amp;c.

In accordance with this order Colonel Weer's regiment was remustered, and he was found to have but five full infantry companies and a fragment. He was accordingly mustered out as colonel, not by my order, but by order of General Hunter.

The Third Regiment was found to be in about the same condition, and its colonel was also mustered out.

Afterward, when the department had been placed under General Halleck, that officer requested me to consolidate the fragments of regiments, which I did, organizing each arm of the service by itself. There were ten full infantry companies and some fragments, and I consolidated them into one regiment and placed over it such officers as I deemed for the best interests of the service. Colonel Weer being already out of the office of colonel by order of General Hunter, it was optional with me to reappoint him or take some one else. As I believe it would be an injury to the service to displace the present officers of the Tenth Regiment with the old officers of the Fourth, I cannot consistently do so. No injustice is done Colonel Weer. He was never had a full regiment;nel in accordance with Order Numbers 15, 1861; never was appointed by the President, and was simply commissioned by me for the reason above stated. It is true he may have been appointed by General Lane, but he was simply a civilian and his appointment carried with it no authority to be recognized by the War Department or State Executive.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kansas.

BOSTON, May 23, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am making all preparations possible in advance of your directions. Please make any requisition on my you desire and we will do our utmost, conquering all difficulties and obstacles by earnes will to obey and serve.

JOHN A. ANDREW.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, May 23, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Assuming that you wish to fill up the regiments in the field, allow me to suggest that full companies be made from the men now fit for

