
to provide an adequate supply of clothing and shelter as well for the troops in the field as for the new levies coming in, and I request from your a report upon the provision made by you for that purpose.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 13, 1862.

Brigadier-General TUTTLE,

Cairo:

You will please send no more contrabands or colored persons to Illinois until further order.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ALBANY, N. Y., October 13, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The following regiments of New York State Volunteers left for Washington on Saturday, 11th instant: One hundred and forty-third (Monticello), Colonel De Witt; One hundred and forty-fourth (Delhi), Colonel Hughston; One hundred and forty-sixth (Rome), Colonel Garrard; One hundred and fiftieth (Poughkeepsie), Colonel Ketcham. The One hundred and sixty-second, Colonel Benedict, and Ohe hundred and seventieth, Colonel McDermott, leave New York to- day.

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor.

BEAUFORT, S. C., October 13, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report my arrival at this place, and that I have entered upon the work assigned to me in your general instructions. I shall proceed at once to organize all the able-bodied and intelligent blacks on these sea islands as rapidly as possible into companies and regiments. In anticipation of our action the rebels are moving all their slaves back from the sea-coast as fast as they can, and until we are able to maintain posts upon the mainland my operations will be limited for the most part to these islands, as it is extremely difficult for the negroes from the "main" to reach our lines. Could we get positions on the mainland they would come in great numbers to join us. Some seventy or eighty came in a few days ago from near Charleston, and they report a great anxiety among the blacks to get to our lines. I hope that it will soon be in your power to send large re-enforcements to this department. I am convinced that the services of 50,000 effective men can do more here o break down this rebellion than twice that number in any other field. It would take a large portion of the rebel army to keep the slaves in check. A vast amount of cotton and rice could be obtained, and such a fire in their rear would be started as to call off all the southern portion of the rebel army in Virginia. Possessing as we do the power

