
on the ocean, all these southern posts would form secure bases of operations, which could be protected entirely by the navy, leaving the whole army force available for the interior service.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. SAXTON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 14, 1862.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c., New Orleans:

GENERAL: The Secretary of State has learned from the french minister that count Mejan, now on a visit at the North, is about to return to his post, and with the most friendly feelings toward the Government here and the authorities there. This friendly feeling is fully reciprocated by this Government, and it is expected that all its officers will endeavor to cultivate such feelings toward the officers of France.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., October 14, 1862-7 p. m.

(Received 10.45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I very much fear that our cavalry regiments will not fill up without advance pay and bounty as paid infantry. If they are thus paid recruiting will go forward more rapidly. Can assurance be given?

RICHARD YATES,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., October 15, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: Your communications of the 5th and 25th of June, transmitting notes of the Mexican charge d"affaires in relation to incursions upon Mexican territory by the insurgents of Texas, were referred to the General-in-Chief for report, and I am directed by the Secretary of War to transmit to you a copy, herewith inclosed, of the letter of Major-General Halleck on the subject.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, October 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Two letters of the Secretary of State to the War Department, dated June 5 and 25, inclosing notes of Senor Romero, charge d"affaires

