
mustered in. The Indiana war has assumed much larger proportions than at first anticipated. It was deemed advisable by General Pope and myself to change the term to twelve months, which has been done, and the men are being mustered in for that time. I trust this will meet your approbation.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

ALEXANDER RAMSEY.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS STATE OF NEW YORK, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Albany, N. Y., October 15, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am directed by His Excellency Governor Morgan to inclose a copy of the final orders for the draft, and to respectfully request that the commissioners named therein be appointed provost-marshals, in accordance with paragraph V, of General Orders, Numbers 99. In the counties of New York and Kings, where there are a number of commissioners, it is requested that the judge-advocate-general, who is chief commissioner, be appointed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. HILLHOUSE,

Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 26, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

The action of the Governor seems to have been intended to be under both General Orders 99 and some State law or regulation, which does not appear. The general orders authorized the appointment of but one commissioner to each county. In New York and Kings Counties, however, quite a number have been named, this being required, no doubt, by their large population. The judge- advocate-general of the State is also appointed chief of these commissioners and as a revisory authority over them. As a proceeding under the State law I do not know that any formal sanction of the Department is needed. If, however, it is a proceeding under the authority of the United States it is a departure from the general order-though it may be a necessary one-in the particulars mentioned. I find nothing in paragraph V, of General Orders 99 that contemplates these commissioners shall be appointed provost-marshals, nor is any reason suggested for this temp.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, GENERAL HEADQUARTERS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 79. Albany, N. Y., October 14, 1862.

I. The enrollment of the militia of this State being now nearly completed, a draft from the population liable to bear arms will be made on the 10th day of November next, equal in the aggregate to the number of men required on that day, to complete the quota of 120,000 apportioned to this State.

