
be immediately thereafter transmitted to this department, approved by a vote of the district committee. In addition to and in anticipation of the formal statement to be made as herein provided, a list giving the aggregate number od men who have volunteered from each town up to the 15th instant, with the regiment or company, and approved in the same manner, will be filed in this department on or before the 25th instant. If the requisite information should not be furnished from any county or town, the number of men to be drafted will be determined from the best information that can be obtained. Five per cent. will be added to the quota of each town to provide for any deficiency arising from desertions after enlistment, from the exemption of large classes residing in certain localities, and from other causes.

IX. Until otherwise ordered, volunteer for nine months will be accepted to apply on the quota of this State for the 300,000 militia under the call of August 4. Such volunteers will rendezvous at the camp established for drafted men for their respective districts as provided in paragraph II of these orders. They will be organized into companies for the infantry arm of the service, and attached to regiments in the field, except a limited number to be accepted and organized as independent companies of riflemen and sharpshooters. Applications for authorizations to raise companies or parts of companies will be sent, properly indorsed by the chairman or some member of the local committees, to this department. Enlistments and other blanks can be procured from the same source, or from the commandant of the depot for the district. Application for the transportation will be made by recruiting officers to the quartermaster of the depot for the district; or, where no quartermaster has been appointed, to the quartermaster-general, at 51 Walaker street, New York.

X. The following orders of the War Department, relating to the transportation, clothing, and subsistence of the drafted men, are hereby published for the information and guidance of all officers connected with their organization:*

XI. Paragraph IV, of General Orders, Numbers 67, is hereby modified and the following provisions substituted therefor:

In addition to the persons stated as exempt in General Orders, Numbers 99, of the War Department, the following persons are exempted by the laws of this State:

1. The lieutenant-governor, members and officers of the Legislature, the secretary of state, attorney-general, comptroller, State engineer and surveyor, State treasurer, and clerks and employes in their several offices; the judicial officers of this State, including justices of the peace, sheriffs, coroners, and constables.

2. All persons in the Army or navy or volunteer force of the United States, and the present officers and members of the organized militia of this State, who are liable to be specially drafted into the service with their respective organizations.

3. All persons who have been or hereafter shall be regularly and honorably discharged from the regular volunteer army or navy of the United States in consequence of the performance of military duty therein.

4. Ministers and preachers of the gospel.

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 121, War Department, Adjutant- General's Office, August 29, 1862, p. 482.

---------------

