
5. Persons being of the people called Shakers or quakers. Professors, teachers, and students in all colleges and public academies (as distinguished from private schools) and in all common chools.

6. Commissioned officers, who shall have served as such in the militia of this State, or in any of the States, for seven years, and whose resignation has been duly accepted, or who have been in some other lawful manner honorably discharged from such service and duty.

7. All idiots and lunatics, and persons convicted of infamous crimes.

8. All habitual drunkards and paupers who have been declared such by proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction.

The persons hereinabove enumerated and especially designated shall be exempted from such draft, on sufficient evidence being produced before said commissioner that they belong to any of the above-mentioned classes, or on the personal knowledge of the commissioner that they belong to any of the said classes of exempts, without reference to any note of exemption made by the enrolling officer upon the enrollment list.

XII. Commissioners and all other officers in the performance of their duties under the draft will be governed by the above rules and the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 67, except as herein modified. Should any further instructions be required they will be given in subsequent orders.

By order of the commander-in-chief:

THOS. HILLHOUSE,

Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, October 15, 1862-4.50 p. m.

(Received 6.15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Can you give me authority to raise regiments for one year unless sooner discharged? The drafted men are enlisting rapidly for three years or during the war. There will, however, be a few thousand left that would go into service for one year if permitted to form new regiments.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

HARRISBURG, PA., October 15, 1862-12 m.

(Received 12.40 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The time fixed for our cavalry is the 20th instant. We have two regiments organized here-the Anderson Cavalry at Carlisle, and one regiment at Pittsburg. I expect the third regiment to be ready here by the 20th. We want arms and horses for them here; horses at Carlisle and arms and horses at Pittsburg. I have asked for Captain J. I. Gregg, of the Fourth [Sixth] U. s. Cavalry, to command a regiment here. Please have him detailed at once. I will ask for two or three more officers in service for colonel.

A. G. CURTIN.

