
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 16, 1862.

Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

Twelve-months" volunteers will be accepted in lieu of drafted militia, but without advanced pay and bounty. The bounty and advanced pay are allowable for none but volunteers for three years or the war.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 17, 1862.

His Excellency Governor C. ROBINSON,

Topeka, Kans:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 12th ultimo inclosing your proclamation for the organization of the militia of your State, and requesting to be furnished with 5,000 stand of arms, so as to be prepared to meet apprehended Indian troubles.*

Your request having been referred to the General-in-Chief, he reports that to distribute arms in this way and for the purpose named would be to prevent the arming of troops already called into the field, and should only be done in case of absolute necessity, in regard to which General Curtis will be consulted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., October 17, 1862-10.30 a. m.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

Will you please to say if drafted men can be taken as volunteers for three years. I am offered them all over the State, and while I know they will be so taken I cannot assume the responsibility. Do me the favor to ask that Captain Gregg, of the Sixth Infantry [Cavalry], be detailed at once to command a cavalry regiment now ready. Please answer me at once, as we are pressed all over Pennsylvania to take the volunteers, and the cavalry regiment is ready.

A. G. CURTIN.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 17, 1862.

GOVERNOR OF PENNSYLVANIA,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

The Secretary of War gives authority for drafted men to be taken as volunteer for three years. Captain Gregg will have leave to command the cavalry regiment.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XIII, p. 628.

---------------

