
MADISON, WIS., October 17, 1862.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

I have telegraphed Secretary Stanton October 3 and 9, asking permission to raise two more companies of three-years" men with advance pay and bounty for a regiment now having eight companies in camp, but get no reply. I do assure you the request is founded on absolute necessity. Can it be granted? I have also telegraphed fully four days ago in relation to the proposed relief of Major Smith, the mustering officer here, but get no reply. Please answer immediately.

E. SALMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 160. Washington, October 18, 1862.

The following regulations are established for army trains and baggage:

I. There will be allowed--

For headquarters train of an army corps, four wagons; of a division or brigade, three; of a full infantry regiment, six; and of a light artillery battery or squadron of cavalry, three.

In no case will this allowance be exceeded, but always proportionably reduced according to the number of officers and men actually present. All surplus wagons will be turned over to the chief quartermaster to be organized, under direction of the commanding generals, into supply trains, or sent to the nearest depot.

The requisite supply trains, their size depending upon the state of the roads and character of the campaign, will be organized by the chief quartermaster, with the approval of the commanding generals, subject to the control of the War Department.

II. the wagons allowed to a regiment, battery, or squadron must carry nothing but forage for the teams, cooking utensils, and rations for the troops, hospital soles, and officers" baggage. One wagon to each regiment will transport exclusively hospital supplies, under the direction of the regimental surgeon; the one for regiment headquarters will carry the grain for the officers" horses; and the three allowed for each battery or squadron will be at least half loaded with grain for their own teams.

Stores in bulk and ammunition will be carried in the regular or special supply trains.

III. In active campaign troops must be prepared to bivouac on the march, the allowance of tents being limited, as follows:

For the headquarters of an army corps, division, or brigade, one wall-tent to the commanding general, and one to every two officers of his staff.

For the colonel, field, and staff of a full regiment, three wall- tents; and for every other commissioned officer, one shelter tent each.

For every two non-commissioned officers, soldiers, officers" servants, and authorized camp followers, one shelter tent.

One hospital tent will be allowed for office purpose at corps headquarters, and one wall-tent at those of a division or a brigade. All tents beyond this allowance will be left in depot.

IV. Officers" baggage will be limited to blankets, one small valise or carpet bag, and a moderate mess kit. The men will carry their own blankets and shelter tents, and reduce the contents of their knapsacks as much as possible.

