
The depot quartermaster will provide storage for a reasonable amount of officers" surplus baggage and the extra clothing and knapsacks of the men.

V. Hospital tents are for the sick and wounded, and, except those allowed for army corps headquarters, must not be diverted from their proper use.

VI. Commanding officers will be held responsible for the strict enforcement of these regulations, especially the reduction of officers" baggage, within their respective commands.

VII. On all marches quartermasters, under the orders of their commanding officers, will accompany and conduct their trains in a way not to obstruct the movement of troops.

VIII. All quartermaster and commissaries will personally attend to the reception and issue of supplies for their commands, and will keep themselves informed of the condition of the depots, roads, and other communications.

IX. All quartermasters and commissaries will report by letter on the first of every month to the chiefs of their respective departments at Washington, D. C., their station, and generally the duty on which they have been engaged during the preceding month.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 18, 1862.

Governor GAMBLE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

It is represented that teamsters for the Government trains to our Western posts cannot be procured unless you will exempt them from the enrolled militia of your State. The importance of these trains renders it necessary that every facility should be afforded them. If any application is made for exemption on that ground I hope you will grant it.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CLEVELAND, OHIO, October 18, 1862.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Foreigners not naturalized have been drafted. Is it not proper to discharge on habeas corpus?

R. P. SPALDING.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 18, 1862.

Honorable RUFUS P. SPALDING,

Cleveland, Ohio:

Any un-naturalized foreigner who has been drafted will be discharged on presenting his claim and proofs to the State Department,

