
but there should be no discharge by habeas corpus, that writ having been suspended by the President in relation to all military cases.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, October 18, 1862-11.25 a. m.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Honorable P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

What is he prospect for the arms telegraphed for to General Buckingham October 6 and 7? Our men are in camp without arms and anxiously calling for them. Please answer.

GEO. B. WRIGHT,

Quartermaster-General of Ohio.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 18, 1862.

GOVERNOR OF WISCONSIN,

Madison, Wis.:

No record here of your telegram October 3.

First. You have authority from the Secretary of War to raise the two companies, with advanced pay and bounty.

Second. Major Smith was relieved at the suggestion of General-in- Chief that his regiment was much in need of his services. Major Stansbury wa only available at command.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 19, 1862.

General B. WRIGHT,

Columbus, Ohio:

You ask what is the prospect for arms telegraphed for to General Buckingham October 6 and 7.

Previously you telegraphed that the French muskets sent for six regiments were unserviceable, which caused surprise, because in quality and cost both they are classed next to Enfields. An officer was sent to inspect them, who reports that they are serviceable and good arms. If you prefer smooth-bore muskets to them they can be sent in exchange. How many of your drafted men are to be organized into new regiments, and how many are to fill old ones?

The men who enter old regiments must be armed uniformly with the regiments they respectively enter.

Ohio has had and will receive her full proportion of first-class arms, but she must also take her share of those of second and third class until they can be replaced by those of the first class.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[OCTOBER 20, 1862.-For Executive Order establishing provisional court in Louisiana, see Series I, Vol. XV, p. 581.]

43 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

