
[OCTOBER 20, 1862.-For Stanton to Ellet, stating that the ram fleet was not included in the transfer of the gun-boat fleet to the Navy Department, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XVII, Part II, p. 282.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 20, 1862.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding, &c., New Orleans:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that you modify your decision in regard to the release of Mr. Heidsieck, and instead of requiring him to department from the United States you will make the release upon the condition that he will not again enter the lines of the insurgents.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BOSTON, MASS., October 20, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Will you authorize me to raise one or more additional companies of sharpshooters to form a battalion with those in the field? Please reply to my inquiries as to acceptance of a new battalion of cavalry.

JOHN A. ANDREW.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, October 20, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

In assigning cause for which discharges might be granted by commanders of camps of rendezvous I did not embrace foreigners. Many of this class are claiming exemption, and also that the President's proclamation does not extend to this class of cases. In view of this there is some danger of collision between the military and civil authorities of the State, especially in cases of rearrest after discharge. Instructions from you to embrace aliens among the causes for which the commanders of the camps may discharge will obviate the difficulty. Please answer without delay.

DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio.

OFFICE OF THE QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL OF OHIO,

Columbus, Ohio, October 20, 1862.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of 18th instant, pronouncing the "French muskets" a good arm, and inquiring how many drafted men are to be organized into new regiments, and how many into old regiments, &c.

