
I am not disposed to be captious or fault-finding abut arms, believing, as I always have, that you were doing the best you could for us, and that no partiality was how to one State over another. But you know how clamorous troops are for good arms, and I have never admitted to them that we ever issued an unserviceable arm.

As regards the French muskets, if Captain Crispin's clerk who was sent here to examine them made a favorable report, it is country to the facts and to his own admissions here. The employe of Captain Crispin,w ho is responsible for their non-inspection, can scarcely be considered unprejudiced. As I before reported to you, and now beg respectfully to reaffirm, the arms, are quite indifferent-none of them first-class, scarcely second-class, and at least one-fifth of them totally unfit for issue to troops. They vary in caliber from 58 to nearly 72 (though invoiced to me as .69s). I have had them recalibered and classified as .69s and .71s, and so issued them. They are roughly put together, are weak in the mainsprings, deficient in their parts and appendages, and never could have passed the inspection of a competent officer. If the Government received them as good serviceable arms it was grossly imposed upon. Samples of three different classes and calibers of this mixed lot were sent by Captain Crispin's clerk to New York.

Of these arms I have made issues to three regiments and will endeavor to supply two more. We have also a great deal of complaint about the recent issues of Austrian rifles, but I invariably reply to these complaints that they are a good arm, and that no better can be obtained. I fully appreciate the annoyance and trouble you have, and would not add to it, nor do I ask anything better for Ohio than is given to other States. I would myself very much prefer a first-class Springfield smooth- bore musket to either the Austrian or French rifles, but I fear our troops would not be as well satisfied, the rifle being the popular arm. I cannot tell you the exact number of drafted men that will be organized into new regiments; the Governor thinks now, about 8,000. They have been enlisting in old and new regiments, but that has nearly ceased. We want from 10,000 to 15,000 good serviceable arms for new three-years" regiments, and regiments of drafted men now organizing, and we need them immediately. My weekly report is made regularly to the Ordnance Department, and you can at any moment ascertain just what I have on hand. I will not ask for what we do not need, and am never disposed to find fault, trusting that your Department is incapable of any injustice as between the States when you have the facts before you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. WRIGHT,

Quartermaster-General of Ohio.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, October 21, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

The bearer of this, Thomas R. Smith, a citizen of Tennessee, goes to that State seeking to have such of the people thereof as desire to avoid the unsatisfactory prospect before them, and to have peace again upon the old terms, under the Constitution of the United States, to manifest such desire by elections of members to the Congress of the United States particularly, and perhaps a Legislature, State officers, and a U. S. Senator friendly to their object.

