
I shall be glad for you and each of you to aid him, and all others acting for this object as much as possible. In all available ways give the people a show to express their wishes at these elections.

Follow law, and forms of law, as far as convenient, but at all events get the expression of the largest number of the people possible. All see how such action will connect with and affect the proclamation of September 22. Of course the men elected should be gentlemen of character, willing to seal support to the Constitution as of old, and known to be above reasonable suspicion of duplicity.

Yours, very respectfully,

A. LINCOLN.

(The above was addressed as follows: Major General U. S. Grant, Governor Johnson, and all having military, naval, and civil authority under the United States, within the State of Tennessee.)

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 162. Washington, October 21, 1862.

I. Enlistments into the Regular Army under General Orders, Numbers 154, may be made either in the field or in the several States; but not more than ten volunteers will be enlisted from any one company.

II. the $25 advance of the $100 bounty authorized by section 5 of act of Congress approved July 22, 1861, and section 5 of the act approved July 29, 1861, and the @2 premium authorized by the act approved June 21, 1862, will only be paid to volunteers enlisting into the Regular Army under this order who have not already received it. Where recruiting officers are not furnished with funds these amounts, or either of them, will be credited to the soldier on the first muster all after his enlistment and paid by the paymaster who pays him.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 21, 1862.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

You are authorized to raise one or more independent companies of sharpshooters not to form a battalion, but to be attached to regiments or batteries as circumstances in the field may require.

Your letter in relation to the cavalry was received this morning. I would be glad to have you raise a regiment of cavalry, or even a battalion, but cannot bring home the others referred to in your letter.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, October 21, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Individual are offering themselves to me to join regiments in the field. Colonel Brooks, superintendent of recruiting, thinks he is not authorized to receive them unless presented by a regular recruiting officer. Please instruct him to consider me as such.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

