
[Inclosure.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, D. C., October 21, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to transmit for your information the copy of a dispatch of the 26th ultimo (Numbers 70) from our minister resident at Brussels, relating to contracts entered into by insurgent agents with manufacturers in Verviers for supplies of military cloths.

His suggestion concerning inquiries which it would be proper to make of Major-General Butler is commended to your consideration.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SEWARD.

[Sub-inclosure.] Numbers 70.] DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Brussels, September 26, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, &amp;c.:

SIR: When in Verviers a few days since I was told that the payments for the rebel contracts for military cloths, of which I wrote to you fully in November and December last (see especially confidential, 28th of November, 1861), and amounting to 1,750,000 francs, had not been made, and that the three-months" bills given for the same had been renewed as they fell due. Assurance had, however, now been given that the money for the same was deposited with the French consul at New Orleans and would be shortly received.

It would be well, I think, to cause inquiries to be made as to who the depositors of the money sequestered by General Butler were, and for whom it was intended. As I advised you at the time, large purchases of cloth, blankets, shoes, and arms, &c., were made for account of Ed. Gutherin & Co., of New Orleans, for the rebel authorities, whose agents they appeared to be, through their correspondents, G. L. More & Co., of Havre, the real purchaser on this side the Atlantic being apparently Baron Silliere, the noted furnisher of military cloths, &c., for the French Government.

If any of these names appear in any way connected with these deposits at the French consul's, the presumption would be that they are for payments by the rebel authorities for military supplies.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

H. S. SANFORD.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., October 22, 1862.

Adjutant-General FULLER,

Springfield, Ill.:

How many regiments of new troops have been sent to General Grant's command from Illinois?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ALBANY, N. Y., October 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

A. T. Stewart, Peter Cooper, and other leading citizens of New York apply to raise a regiment of three-years" volunteers. I had

