
decided to authorize no more regiments, as they lessen the number of men to go to the old regiments; but if a regiment of three- years" men, instead of an equal number of nine-months" men, to go to old regiments, should be deemed an advantage, I will grant the application. Please answer at once.

E. D. MORGAN.

HARRISBURG., PA., October 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have just received the following:

PHILADELPHIA, October 22, 1862.

The officers of the General Government refuse to issue to me subsistence and supplies for drafted men because General Montgomery refuses to approve of the requisitions in the absence of instructions. Whet am I to do?

Difficulties of some character occur here, and I beg of you to give full instructions to-night. It is quite as much as I can do to make the draft, and, as you were informed to-day,* it is resisted in parts of the State by force, and I hope ample provision will be made for the men that obey the Government.

A. G. CURTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 22, 1862.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

Instructions have been given General Montgomery to approve the requisitions made for supplies for the drafted men at Philadelphia by the commandants of the camps of rendezvous and to throw no obstruction in the way of supplies. Any difficulty that may occur will, as far as possible, be removed by this Department.

Your telegram in respect to troops has been answered.*

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., October 22, 1862.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

I have established rendezvous at Chambersburg, Gettysburg, and York, and will appoint commandants. These are points on the border, and we are receiving too many here-more than we can provide for. Unless ample power is given and the officers of the United States are active the men will suffer.

A. G. CURTIN.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 166. Washington, October 23, 1862.

It appearing that large quantities of Government property have been unlawfully disposed of by non-commissioned officers and soldiers, in violation of law and of the Army rules and regulations, it is therefore ordered that all United States officers commanding posts

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XIX, Part II, p. 468.

---------------

