
GENERAL HEADQUARTERS, STATE OF ILLINOIS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Springfield, Ill., October 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General KETCHUM,

Present:

The Eighty-second Regiment (Colonel Hecker) is about ready for muster, only lacking one enlisted man. The Ninety-third was filled by assigning one company from One hundred and twenty- sixth. The Eighty-ninth was filled by assigning one company from One hundred and twenty-sixth. The Eighty-ninth was filled by assigning one company from One hundred and twenty-sixth, leaving five companies. These five companies were consolidated with five companies of One hundred and twenty-eighth (Colonel Richmond), and the regiment thus consolidate will be know as One hundred and twenty-sixth. The One hundred and thirtieth has been filled by assigning the remaining two companies from Colonel Richmond's regiment (One hundred and twenty-eighth), he having had before consolidation seven companies. The One hundred and eighteenth has been filled by assigning one company from One hundred and thirty- second (Colonel McKeaig). Colonel Hundley's regiment has been filled by assigning two companies from One hundred and thirty- second (Colonel McKeaig), leaving three companies of One hundred and thirty-second, which three companies have been consolidated with seven companies of One hundred and twentieth (Colonel Hardy), McKeaig to be colonel and Hardy lieutenant-colonel, and the consolidated regiment known as One hundred and twentieth. Colonel Hundley's regiment will be known as the one hundred and twenty-eighth, that number having been vacated by consolidation of One hundred and twenty-sixth and One hundred and twenty- eighth, as before stated. These various transfers and consolidations will vacate Nos. 132 and 133, making sixty new regiments. The Ninetieth Regiment is an Irish, and when full will be properly reported for muster. The Ninety-ninth, now in the field, I understand, will soon have the few men they lack. The One hundred and twenty-first have until next month to fill up.

All you have hitherto written concerning particular consolidations has been duly noted; but as Governor Yates has considered it his province, and best qualified to order such consolidations when and where he deemed most proper, I have to occupied your time with discussing questions growing out of plans for consolidation. All consolidations are now made that can or will be made, and I am confident have been made with the best interests of the service in view; and I have no doubt whatever that the policy of Governor Yates in organizing our regiments will meet the unqualified approval of the War Department.

In relation to the movement of troops now in this State, I am directed by Governor Yates to say that he and myself are in constant correspondence with the Secretary of War and Generals Wright and Tuttle and Curtis, and marching orders are issued or withheld by Governor Yates, in pursuance of the powers conferred upon him. I beg leave, however, to add that it will afford me pleasure to communicate any information in my power that may be necessary to enable you to discharge your duties here. Governor Yates is now en route for Washington, and I expect soon to hear from him in relation to movement of troops and arms. And it may not be improper for

