
me to state it is his determination to have no more such miserable arms as the Austrian musket furnished to Illinois troops.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., October 24, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

If the views expressed above are to be carried out, and Illinois allowed to dictate what kind of arms the State troops shall receive, it is important that the arms, &amp;c., on hand may be disposed of in some manner and not kept here idle. The State authorities have ordnance stores, arms, accouterments, ammunition, &c., in possession which belong to the Government, and as I cannot get any satisfactory account thereof, I would suggest that the property may be turned over to a Government officer. The State authorities are issuing, as well as Lieutenant Hill. there should be but one source of supply here. This letter is in the usual style of Adjutant-General Fuller, and in answer to several letters from myself urging consolidation, stating what regiments have been fully paid and equipped, and much other information needed by the State authorities which I have felt it my duty to write, with a view to a consolidation of fragments, and in order to let the State authorities know when regiments were in readiness for the field. From this letter of Adjutant- General Fuller it is evident he does not wish to be informed when troops are ready for the field, because then there will be no good excuse for retaining regiments to vote for himself and others. Notwithstanding his retaining regiments during the absence of the Governor, he has failed to be nominated for Congress, and this has very much excited his irritable disposition. His snappishness does not affect me, however, or deter me from doing my duty pleasantly with the Governor and lieutenant-governor, or even himself.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General and Acting Inspector-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., October 23, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Eight new regiments have been sent to Cairo for General Grant, four in September and four in October, to wit: Seventy-second, Seventy-sixth, Eighty-first, Eighty-third, One hundred and first, One hundred and ninth, One hundred and twenty-second, and the One hundred and twenty-fourth.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 23, 1862.

Governor MORGAN,

Albany:

This Department would prefer the regiment of three years" men proposed to be raised if it can be filled up speedily. You will please authorize it to be raised.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

