
ROOMS OF THE UNION RELIEF ASSOCIATION,

120 Eutaw street, Baltimore, October 23, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: The Union Relief Association of Baltimore began its work soon after the 19th of April, 1861, and was regularly organized on the 28th of June following. Its declared objects were:

1. To provide for the comforts and health of the Maryland volunteers.

2. To relieve the sick and indigent of their families.

3. To give refreshment to the soldiers of the United States passing through the city and to comfort the sick and wounded.

A printed annual report of the proceedings of the executive committee was published June 26, 1862, and copies were forwarded to yourself and the heads of Department.

That report showed that the association was to a great extent diverted from its first and second objects and its attention concentrated on feeding the passing troops and expediting their movement to the seat of war. During eight months of the first year the association fed 133,575 men and expended $15,036.34, a considerable part of which was contributed by the loyal men of the city and the State. Distributions of food were made from time to time to 800 families of Maryland Volunteers, but were discontinued for the want of means.

The sick, wounded, and destitute soldiers received attention; but in dealing with this class great care was exercised to avoid aiding deserters or shirkers of their duty, and no false sympathy has been allowed to influence their proceedings.

During the present year the association has largely increased its accommodations and its activity. Besides the extensive building previously occupied, anays a rent of $600 pr annum, it has now, by favor of the Quartermaster's Department, an additional building, enabling it to feed about 1,500 men at once.

Within the last three months there has been fed by the association, by regiments, 126,145 men; by squads, 48,116 men; by single tickets, 5,080 men, and of rebel prisoners about 2,000, making a total within that period of 175,474 men.

The cash expenditures for the same time have been $18,600.78, of which $9,984.58 have been co city of Baltimore and the State of Maryland, $1,648.40 by members and loyal citizens, and the balance, $8,346.18, has been derived from rations furnished by the Subsistence Department.

No member of the committed receives remuneration, though serving by turns day and night. A superintendent and twenty-four attendants are employed at very moderate wages. The whole control of the establishment is in the hands of the executive committee, who have always acted in harmony with the military officers of the department and have at various times received their emphatic approbation. It is believed that a fair calculation would show, taking into consideration the gratuitous services of the committee and members, donations, and economical management, a saving to the United States of one-half the sum it would have cost to feed the troops in any other way.

In discharging their duties two prominent objects have forced themselves on the attention of the committee: First, the necessary for promptly providing accommodations for the large number of men

