
who through want of transportation or other causes, remained overnight; and, secondly, the entertainment, relief, and disposal of the many sick, wounded, furloughed, discharged, and destitute whole were thrown upon the association, often by the officers of the department, but whom it was not able to relieve or dispose of.

The attempt was made to lodge the first class in the upper lofts of the association buildings, but insuperable obstacles presented themselves, and the committee were compelled to relinquish the attempt, and to receive only the occasional sick and wounded not intended for the hospitals.

The committee also gave some aid to those of the second class who, after inspection by Major Hayner, of General Wool's staff, detailed for the purpose by their request, were judged deserving; but the pressure of other duties made it impossible to attend to these.

Representations on the first point were made some weeks since to General Wool, who received them favorably and promised to lay them before the proper authorities. Conference was also had with Colonel Sullivan more than two months since in reference to the second class, but nothing, on the 18th of October, appeared to have been done beyond advertising for parties to board the persons needing relief.

One other important matter has lately claimed the attention of the committee. Earnest appeals have been made to the association to extend relief to the destitute families of the Maryland Volunteers in Baltimore,, the long delay in whose payment has reduced many to the point of starvation, to which only a temporary and insufficient response could be given. It was therefore resolved to seek an interview with Your Excellency and reprities of those suffering families, and at the same time to ask attention to the two other points referred to, and also to wait on such officers or heads of departments as you might direct.

The audience only with yourself was gained, and the committee desire to express their obligations for your courteous reception,ted, incidentally, to learn that their past action and objects had been misapprehended. They were desired by you to submit a written memorandum of the points they wished to present, which would be referred to the proper departments.

In compliance with this request the present statement is respectfully submitted. Since their return the committee have understood that Colonel Sullivan has arranged for the care of the discharged and destitute soldiers, and that the preparation of shelter for those arriving and remaining at night is under consideration. It is a measure that ought not to be delayed. The needs of the poor families of the unpaid Maryland Volunteers the committee beg leave again to press upon your sympathy and consideration.

The committee particularly desire that the attention of the Secretary of War may be called to the facts presented in reference to the work of the association, and hope that the Government will recognize, in its past and present efforts, the disinterested and patriotic motives of its members. The measures referred to have been urged from no personal or local considerations, but from an earnest desire to aid in increasing the strength and efficiency of the Army, and thereby the conquering power of the Government of the United States.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

S. F. STREETER,

Chariman of Executive Committee of Union Relief Association of Baltimore.

