
[OCTOBER 24, 1862.-For Curtin to Stanton, requesting military force to crush resistance to the draft, and Stanton's reply, see Series I, Vol. XIX, Part II, p. 479.]

PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL.] EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, October 26, 1862.

Major-General DIX,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

Your dispatch to Mr. Stanton, of which the inclosed is a copy, has been handed me by him. It would be dangerous for me now to begin construing and making specific applications of the proclamation.

It is obvious to all that I therein intended to give time and opportunity. Also, it is seen I left myself at liberty to exempt parts of States. Without saying more, I shall be very glad if any Congressional district will, in good faith, do as your dispatch contemplates.

Could you not give me the facts which prompted you to telegraph?

Yours, very truly,

A. LINCOLN.

[Inclosure.]

FORT MONROE, VA., October 23, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Will a Congressional district, being in an insurgent State and represented on the 1st of January next in the Congress of the United States by a member chosen at an election wherein a majority of the qualified voters of the district shall have participated, be considered not in the rebellion and exempt from the penalty announced in the President's proclamation of the 22nd of September?

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 169. Washington, October 27, 1862.

I. Hereafter, after every battle, skirmish, or other engagement, the commanding officer of each regiment, battery, other detached portion of a regiment there present, will, in addition to the lists transmitted through intermediate commanders, promptly forward, direct to this office, a correct return of the killed, wounded and missing of his command.

II. As the monthly returns of regiments, by being transmitted through brigade headquarters, are detained and lost, they will hereafter be forwarded direct to this office.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, October 27, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge a dispatch from the Department, dated September 11, inclosing copies of correspondence between

