
otherwise appropriated are placed at this command. You will please confer with him, answer his requisition, and render him very aid in your power in speedily organizing his command.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to the Governors of Massachusetts, Boston; Rhode Island, Providence; Connecticut, Hartford; New Hampshire, Concord; Maine, Augusta; Vermont, Brattleborough.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, October 28, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention to the inclosed extracts,* translated from the Diario o Havana, in confirmation of my reports in regard to Spanish vessels of war transporting passengers; also the fact that the Spanish war steamer Blasco de Garay has taken from this port over $1,000,000 in specie. It will be seen that while I am forbidding the export of specie by the rebels, and forbidding their leaving the city without passes, the Spanish men-of-war are taking away both. I desire instructions whether this is to be permitted. It seems to me to be a breach of national courtesy and hospitality, and I shall allow no Spanish vessel of war to come above the forts until I receive instructions from the Department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Jackson, Tenn., October 28, 1862.

Colonel A. C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General of Illinois, Springfield, Ill.:

I am informed that re-enforcements have been ordered here from Illinois. When may I look for them? Public interest requires that they should be sent promptly.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., October 28, 1862.

(Received 8.30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I have sent eight new regiments to General Grant. Two more are under orders and will leave to-day or to-morrow for Columbus. One more is ready and will be ordered immediately. One German regiment goes immediately to Washington, according to orders from you. three regiments await advance pay and arms; three await advance pay; two await arms, and five are ready and being mustered, but have no pay or arms.

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

