
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 28, 1862.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

I will see you at Harrisburg to-morrow.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF INDIANA,

Indianapolis, October 29, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington City:

SIR: The late order of the War Department allowing officers of the Regular Army to recruit from volunteer regiments is becoming a serious inconvenience, and is a great embarrassment to officers of the volunteer corps who have spent considerable time and money in raising their regiments and have labored hard to enforce discipline and make them efficient.

I feel a deep interest in the prosperity, welfare, and success of Indiana regiments, and do not desire to see them unnecessarily embarrassed and deprived of men to whose services they are justly entitled by every right of justice and law.

Many men are dissatisfied with the service, and if you attempt to compel them to do their duty they threaten to re-enlist in the Regular Army, and my officers are constantly appealing to me to call your attention to these facts and request that the order be rescinded. No other one thing is creating so pernicious as influence on the Army as this, and I do trust that you will find it consistent to set the order aside.

By order of the Governor:

W. R. HOLLOWAY,

Private Secretary.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 29, 1862.

Governor WASHBURN,

Augusta, Me.:

I have directed Major Gardiner to be relieved from duty. Your troops are all assigned to Major-General Banks for his expedition. His headquarters are at New York. Please report to him for instructions.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, October 29, 1862-7 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Will advance pay and bounty be allowed recruits to be raised under your order of the 27th instant?

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

