
attention, but this one in particular should receive the greatest attention, not only because of its being the principal sea-port of that region and the terminus of the Canadian Grand Trunk line of railway, but because of the necessity of having at least one point on that extended coast which shall be a shelter, a rallying point, and a depot for provisions and munitions, impregnable to any force which may be brought against it.

The natural position of Portland is not unfavorable for the purposes of defense; on the contrary, it is susceptible of being very perfectly defended, whether from attacks by land or water, or both. The character of all that portion of the Atlantic Coast is most remarkable for its many natural harbors, so that with all the precautions possible an enemy might not find it very difficult to make a landing at some point, and hence attacks by land upon Portland and other places must be apprehended and guarded against.

In respect to the character of the defenses proper for Portland, recent events indicate that for the protection of the harbor floating ball-proof batteries will be most effective and essential in connection with the land batteries. In respect to the latter, a departure to a certain extent from the method of construction hitherto adopted may be advisable.

The superior efficiency of the revolving firearm has led to attempts to apply the same principle to heavy guns, which, if successful, will have its value greatly lessened in situations where steam power can conveniently be applied for revolving the tower in which the guns are placed, as in floating batteries and batteries on land. The great weight of the mass to be moved in the latter case, considering the cheapness and effectiveness of the moving power, is probably not an objection of importance, in view of the advantages which, in certain situations, may result from the arrangement.

These are matters, however, respecting which your military advisers are probably more competent to speak than myself.

In arranging a plan of defense suitable access to the points to be defended must be had from the more central parts of the country. Portland, by existing lines of railroad, is now accessible from the south, and so is the country east of it in the direction of the line of railroad to Bangor; east and north of Bangor, extending to the Aroostook and Madawaska, there is now a large population, which, in case of war with England, will require protection from our Government, and it will be highly unjust and discreditable to withhold from them that protection.

This protection can only by properly effected by the extension of a suitable line of railway communication from Bangor east and north-a line which, I am informed, the State and individuals are ready to build, provided they can receive from the General Government such aid as it is in the power of the Government to bestow.

This aid, it is supposed, can be constitutionally given, provided the Government desires as a consideration the benefit of the road, when built, for military purposes and the transportation of the mails. A stipulated amount per mile, to be paid annually to the proprietors, which need not be very large, will I am informed, secure the construction of the road and its use for Government purposes on reasonable terms.

The protection of our frontier citizens is not the sole object to be attained in a military view by the construction of such a line of railway. In the event of a war with England it will be of the greatest importance to us to enable us to render their communication with the

