
railroad companies, their officers and servants, shall hold themselves in readiness for the transportation of troops and munitions of war as may be ordered by the military authorities, to the exclusion of all other business.

By order of the Secretary of War:

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 25, 1862.

GOVERNOR OF MAINE:

Intelligence from various quarters leaves no doubt that the enemy in great force are advancing on Washington. You will please organize and forward immediately all the volunteer and militia force in your State.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to the Governors of New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Iowa.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., May 25,1 862.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

Send all the troops forward that you can immediately. Banks is completely routed. The enemy are in large force advancing upon Harper's Ferry.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary.

(Same to Governor Andrew, Boston, and to Governor Sprague, Providence.)

SAINT LOUIS, May 25,1 862.

His Excellency RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois:

SIR: I have the honor to state that large numbers of loyal citizens in Northwestern Arkansas express a desire to enter the military service of the United States. I believe a regiment can be raised in two or three counties near this post (Cassville, Mo., where my regiment is now stationed), composed exclusively of Arkansas, with no expense to the Government for subsistence of recruits prior to the mustering in of the regiment entire. Presuming that the extent of the loyal feeling in this region is unknown to the Government, and presuming that manifestations of such feeling by citizens of States in rebellion would, when known, be encouraged by the authorities, I deem it a duty to make the facts known, and therefore respectfully ask Your Excellency to present the matter to the consideration of the President or Secretary of War. If authorized to say that a regiment or more from

