
removed their wounded from the field in a short time, not by the perfection of their much-praised ambulance corps, which, I am informed by those who have seen it, consists of from four to six footmen carrying stretchers in rear of each regiment, but by the use of the ambulances which the Quartermaster's Department had provided for our own army, but which that army, being beaten, lost. There is too much proneness to give credit to the rebels. Every feat of daring of their cavalry is chronicled and dwelt upon with praise, and with disparaging remarks upon our own, which in many a deadly skirmish, in many a weary night march or bivouac, has shown in the cause of liberty and patriotism as high qualities as any thieving, plundering rebel can claim, and yet they are not encouraged by appreciation and praise, but systematically and constantly discouraged by abuse and contumely from the public press.

You quote a friend who never saw an ambulance cask that would hold water, and you publish this sapient assertion. Do you believe this, or had your fiend ever looked at more than one cask? You quote with approbation Major Delafield's remark that never was so much attention paid to the ambulance service as in front of Sebastopol, and refer to the several kinds of carriages in use there and the mule litters for carrying its wounded, 116 of which were in use at the bloody battle of Inkerman, as a great example of liberality and efficiency. Do you know that these litters war borrowed from the French, the English having no sufficient means of getting their wounded from the field, and that the U. S. Quartermaster's Department has some hundreds of these same chairs and litters, the full French allowance for 10,000 men having been imported from France, and some hundreds of the same and other patterns having been made in this country; that a large number was sent to General Pope's army and captured or destroyed in the railroad cars by the rebels? And what are these 116 chairs or litters, each carrying one man, compared to the 250 four-wheeled vehicles, each capable of carrying eight or ten slightly wounded or three desperately wounded men at a time, which were sent in six hours from this city, in addition to all the other and regular allowances of medical transport which had been supplied to the army before the last Manassas battle? The English brigade for hospital conveyances-20 carts, 5 wagons, 1 forge cart, and 1 cart for stoves and portable forge, the whole for twelve regiments-is also the subject of your commendation. Of these vehicles the drawings in Major Delafield's report are as familiar to the officers of the Quartermaster's and Medical Departments as to Jefferson Davis, and the vehicles which are furnished to our army are better than the British, as every one from Times Correspondent Russell to a staff surgeon of the British Army testifies. Their allowances for twelve regiments, say 12,000 men, is 27 vehicles, or 108 for 48,000 men, which is about the strength of Pope's army. I have shown that for that army we sent out after a battle 250 ambulances and 56 mule wagons in addition to their regular supply, which alone was far above this British model.

You refer again to the empty casks at Centerville, the suffering of the wounded for water, and ask what does a quartermaster care for them? The absolute "need of water for the thirsty, wounded, or dying soldiers would never be dreamed of by that officer." I have shown you that one quartermaster thought of it, and the reasons which prevented these new casks being filled were, I doubt not, sufficient to show you the injustice of your publication. All the nations

