
faithfully disburse for the benefit of the soldier. Yet it did great injustice to the department and to the Government, whose large lump of dough their little leaven leavened.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., October 30, 1862.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston:

Please report how many regiments have embarked for New Berne, and when the residue will embark. Please report also what force you can give General Banks, and how soon.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

UNOFFICIAL.] WASHINGTON, October 30, 1862.

His Excellency Governor GAMBLE,

Saint Louis:

GOVERNOR: Your letter of the 10th is just received and will be submitted to the Secretary of War for his directions, should he decide to give it an official answer.

I write this mainly as a personal explanation. My letter of September 27, in answer to yours of the 22nd, was written by the direction of the Secretary of War, and ordered by him to be published as a general answer to claims raised in other States in regard to the command of the nine-months" militia, then being organized under the law of the last Congress. It would not have been published but for this circumstance.

In regard to the views expressed in my letter of the 3rd instant, I must confess there was some doubt in my mind in regard to the proper construction to be given to the "agreement" referred to. That document seemed to have been drawn up for the purpose of confusing rather than of clearing up this question of command. It certainly looks two ways. It says distinctly that the troops to be raised under it are to be in the service of the United States, and yet in other paragraphs it seems to consider them as in the service of the State. I should suppose from reading it that it was worded expressly to dodge the question, and to provide certain expedients to prevent its ever coming up. But like most attempts at dodge it only increased the difficulties of deciding a question which is coming up all the time and must be decided one way or the other.

The whole matter was thoroughly discussed, the "agreement" being read paragraph by paragraph and considered in regard to its legal meaning and effect. The conclusions arrived at were those which I was directed to communicate to you. Perhaps they are right, and perhaps not. I don"t think it will make much difference anyway, so far as you and I are concerned; I am very certain that it will not, for I know that we can cordially co-operate. If left to me, your action will in all cases be confirmed, for I know that you will do nothing which is not right and just.

I am sick, tired, and disgusted with the condition of military affairs here in the East and wish myself back in the Western army. With all my efforts I can get nothing done. There is an immobility here that exceeds all that any man can conceive of. It requires the lever

