
of Archimedes to move this inert mass. I have tried my best, but without success. I do not yet despair, and shall continue my efforts.

I owe you many thanks, Governor, for your kind courtesies, and am, truly yours,

H. W. HALLECK.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 30, 1862.

Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

Your inquiry in respect to recruit fund is under consideration, and will be answered speedily as possible to obtain opinion from the law officers of the Government.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 30, 1862.

Governor TOD,

Columbus:

The time for advanced pay and bounty to new regiments and batteries has passed and the Secretary of War declines to extend it.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

EXECUTIVE MANSON,

Washington, October 30, 1862.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

By some means I have not seen your dispatch of the 27th about Order No. 154 until this moment.* I now learn, what I knew nothing of before, that the history of the order is as follows:

When General McClellan telegraphed asking General Halleck to have the order made General Halleck went to the Secretary of War with it, stating his approval of the plan. The Secretary assented and General Halleck wrote the order. It was a military question which the Secretary supposed the general understood better than he.

I wish I could see Governor Curtin.

A. LINCOLN.

MADISON, WIS., October 30, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

We shall draft in a few days. Will the Department arrange to allow the drafted men to volunteer in the old regiments for the unexpired term of those regiments, where they are much needed; and if so, will there be an advance of pay, and will they be entitled to a proportional share of bounty? Please send authority to me to use the troops in the State, if necessary, to enforce the draft. We should have a provost-marshal at once, with full instructions. Walter D. McIndoe has been highly recommended to you, and I desire his appointment. Please answer.

E. SALOMON,

Governor.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XIX, Part II, p.500.

---------------

