
Arkansas would be accepted, I believed I could soon make a cheering report from this people, who have hitherto since the war commenced been prevented from any exhibition of their undoubted loyalty by the forces in their midst until the battle of Pea Ridge.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS WHITE,

Colonel Thirty-seventh Illinois Vols., Commanding Post, Cassville, Mo.

[First indorsement.]

SPRINGFIELD, June 6, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the President of the United States.

Here seems to be an opening worthy of consideration. Colonel white is a reliable officer. Cannot something be done?

RICHD. YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

[Second indorsement.]

JUNE 11, 1862.

The President respectfully refers the inclosed to the Secretary of War, with the expression of his confidence in the energy and faithfulness of General White.

BOSTON, May 25, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your telegram received. Please communicate through me an order on Colonel Justin Dimick, commanding Fort Warren, to forward the battalion of six companies there stationed, and authorize me to place militia there for garrison. I will send by steamer down harbor to fort. Will get militia officers to consultation to- night. Authorize me to draw on the U. S. mustering, disbursing officers, quartermaster, and commissary for the needful. Authorize also to enlist such three-months" or six-months" volunteers as you want instead of sending militia. Probably can do that as quickly with better officers. Giver me discretion. Will watch telegraph all night.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 25, 1862.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

Your telegram received. The orders you desire will be given by the Adjutant-General and Quartermaster-General. In addition thereto I hereby authorize you to make requisitions upon the respective quartermasters and commissaries at your discretion, and to do and perform whatever acts and things may be necessary for the raising and forwarding troops for the Government. This telegram to be your warrant and authority.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

