
otherwise than all acts necessary for military operations are so. The taking of the blankets for military purposes was no violation of trust. The United States Government was responsible for them before they were taken; the same Government is responsible for them now. I trust and believe that these objectionable expressions in the note of the French consul were inadvertent, and I need not say they will not be repeated in official correspondence with me.

The authorities of the United States have endeavored to forward the interests of commerce almost to the exclusion of other matters, and that the commerce of Louisiana has not been fully opened to the world has not been the fault of the Federal Government. Their safeguard has been given to it, their protection offered, and that safeguard and that protection has in no just sense of the term ever been violated.

I am grieved that the French consul had chosen to take this course upon his matter, as now the necessary correspondence with the authorities at Washington will delay Barriere Brothers in getting their pay for their blankets, which I should have been glad to have given them, did I feel at liberty to do so after the French consul's communication.

I beg leave to say to the French consul, as an evidence of the necessary which compelled me to take the blankets, that they were of so poor a quality that had I any choice left me I would neither take them nor purchase them. Brought to Havana for the purpose of being imported into the rebel States through the blockade, as I am informed and think I am able to prove, they were only saved by tour ing now in the rebel cause, toward which the proclivities of the Messrs. Barriere Brothers are as well known as is their former trade with the rebels; still, having been brought here since the opening of the port, I should have overlooked the purpose for which they were originally taken to Havana and pay for them if the French consul had left me at liberty to do so.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

ALBANY, N. Y., November 1, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters of the Army:

GENERAL: In obedience to the orders of the General-in-Chief, I left Washington on Monday, the 27th October, and entered upon the discharge of my duties at New York on Tuesday, 28th. I have the honor to report a very general and earnest feeling among all classes of citizens both in New York and New England in favor of the expedition intrusted to my charge. An unexpected expression of satisfaction has met me from all sides, and I have received evidences of hearty and prompt co-operation from the Governor of New York, and the Governors of the New England States, with most of whom I shall have a conference on Monday next at Boston. There are already three regiments from Maine at New York. Three others will be ordered from this State to move to New York at once. Suitable camp accommodations have been provided for them, and they will enter at once upon a course of discipline and instruction for field service.

