
The troops are new, but of a better class of men than those of earlier levies, and the men are earnest for the expedition. Brigadier-General Corcoran's brigade was ordered yesterday, in obedience to instructions from the Secretary of War, to move at once to Fortress Monroe as a part of my force. Transportation and supplies were furnished for an immediate execution of this order. General Corcoran's command now consists of about 2,500 men. The regiments from Maine are armed, with exception of the Twenty- eighth, with the smooth-bore musket of imperfect construction. These should be exchanged as soon as possible. The Twenty-eighth Regiment is armed with the rifle. The regiments from New York are all without arms. Six thousand of 8,000 rifle muskets should be forwarded at once. Transports in part have been chartered by Commodore Vanderbilt. There seems to be some conflict of orders in regard to transports which will operate to the injury of the Government, and I fear to the delay of my movements. The quartermaster at New York is instructed to charter vessels for the transport of troops to Hilton Head or some other point on the coast. These conflicting orders embarrass both parties and will cause an overcharge of rates, and a possible and otherwise unnecessary delay. I hope this difficulty may be reconciled.

I have the honor to be,with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

The three Maine regiments are the Twenty-first, Colonel Johnson; the Twenty-fourth, Colonel Atwood, and the Twenty-eighth, Colonel Tompkins [Woodman?]. The three New York regiments ordered to New York to-day are the One hundred and sixtieth, Colonel Dwight; the One hundred and sixty-first, Colonel Harrower, and the One hundred and fifty-sixth, Colonel Cooke.

ALBANY, November 1, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Everything is favorable for my purpose. I shall obtain troops at once, and be ready for movement as early as you wish. The troops from New York are without arms. Six or eight thousand good rifled muskets should be forwarded to New York at once. Requisitions will be made and forwarded by mail. No material delay will occur, unless from want of transports. All indications as to election are reported favorable. I go to Boston this afternoon.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 1, 1862.

W. R. HOLLOWAY,

Indianapolis:

The drafted militia will be assigned first to the old regiments to give them the advantage of experienced officers. Those that remain after the old regiments are filled will be organized into new regiments. It will be of great service to permit the drafted men to be thus disposed of instead of sending them out under raw officers and without

