
instruction. A list of the regiments showing the number required in each will be speedily furnished.*

O. P. MORTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 1, 1862.

His Excellency Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

The bills for subsisting drafted men while under the charge of the commissioner should be submitted to the officer who musters them into service and approved by him. If the men have volunteered into three-year's service the commissioner should furnish to the mustering officer the evidence, and that will justify him in approving the accounts. If no mustering officer is at the camp there must be one sent, because the men must be mustered.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., November 1, 1862-6 p.m.

(Received 7 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Arrived here at 2 p.m. and had an interview with the Governor, who does not approve of filling the old regiments with the drafted men, believing it their right to elect their own officers and have distinct organizations. He fears I will meet with difficulty in carrying out your order, but says he will render me every assistance, and hopes I may succeed. I shall as far as possible fill regiments raised in any locality with the drafted men from that locality, which will be satisfactory to the men. The principal places of rendezvous are Philadelphia, Harrisburg, and Pittsburg, with the minor camps at Reading, York, Gettysburg, and Chambersburg. The number to be collected here and at the minor camps is about 20,500. Only 8,000 of the 12,000 for this place have as yet arrived. I judge General McClellan has few or no spare arms, and arms should be sent here. A partial supply might be sent until I can obtain more definite information. There is an ample supply of clothing here.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 1, 1862.

General THOMAS,

Harrisburg:

The order assigning the drafted men to the old regiments was made at the urgent request of General McClellan, who said that he had been communicating with Governor Curtin and that the Governor was waiting the order. This he has telegraphed both to General

---------------

*The original draft of this dispatch is in the handwriting of Mr. Stanton, Secretary of War.

---------------

