
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 2, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Harrisburg:

It is necessary that the troops sent to fill up old regiments should be armed uniformly with the regiments they enter, and as the regiments are variously armed it is necessary to know the kind of arms they have before the recruits are supplied. As the records of this Department do not supply the information, it has been found necessary to send recruits to their regiments and let the regimental officers make requisition for the arms that are needed. Most of the regiments have surplus arms in camp to supply recruits.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., November 2, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Governor Curtin will be in Washington to-morrow. He still thinks I may have some difficulty in assigning drafted men tot he old regiments, but says he is satisfied. He would prefer taking as many organized companies as possible to save the company officers, who have in some cases been elected. These officers will, no doubt, be dissatisfied if returned to the ranks, and from them the difficulty, if any, will come. I do not like the plan of consolidating old companies to add entire new ones. Major McClure, who has the records of the draft, is expected here to- morrow from Philadelphia.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 3, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the accompanying copies of reports made to this Department by Major-General Butler, commanding at New Orleans, in answer to the complaint of Mr. Tassara, Spanish minister at Washington, concerning the action of the U. S. authorities in relation to the house of Puig Brothers, Spanish traders, of New Orleans.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, October 12, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In obedience to the request of the Department, by letter of September 18, that I would report all the facts and circumstances which are the subject of the complaint of Mr. Tassara, Spanish minister at Washington, concerning the action of the U. S. authorities in

