
with the voluminous correspondence entailed upon me by the complaints of their several ministers, which I am obliged by courtesy to answer with my own hand.

To establish beyond cavil or doubt the deep-dyed criminality of the "most respectable house of Puig Brothers," I inclose herewith a certified copy of a receipt given, as lately as November last, to a rebel custom-house officer by that house for the delivery of many arms, and many pounds of powder and lead, imported by that "most respectable house of neutral Spanish subjects," but, in fact, army contractors of the Confederate States.

Unless the United States are to lose their manhood altogether, I trust I shall not be called upon to allow to pass unchecked this nefarious traffic under the high-sounding plea of "highly respectable house of neutrals."

As to the insinuated charge, in Mr. Tassara's communication, that any one in this department has interfered with the official correspondence of the Spanish legation with the Spanish consul at New Orleans, all the facts or circumstances I have to report about such complaint are that it has not the slightest foundation of fact.

After many weeks of delay it happened that one of my detective officers, having had his integrity overcome by the atmosphere of fraud and iniquity will which the rebels and their agents, such as Puig Brothers, had surrounded New Orleans, was detected in an act of criminal embezzlement, for which prompt punishment was meted out to him. This seemed to give a favorable occasion to one of Puig's clerks to make a claim for loss which I had reason to believe fraudulent, and I so characterized it in a communication to the Spanish consul, which he has not forwarded to his minister, or which, if he has so sent, has not been sent to the Secretary of State. I will remark from that time I have heard nothing of that claim.

Certain it is if the claim was a just one the clerk had more valuable in his principal's house than had the merchants themselves.

Perhaps it may not be inopportune to remark further, that through his consul Mr. Puig has subsequently asked leave to come on shore from his self-imposed imprisonment on board the man-of-war, and at the last I knew of him he was at liberty on his parole waiting trial.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosures.]

United States vs. Puig Brothers.

Edwardo Cabeyas, being duly sworn, deposes and says that he has resided in New Orleans for the period of one year, and that he is acquainted with one of the members of the above-named firm, to wit, Magui Puig, and the other member of the firm is now absent in Havana. That during the time a blockade was established and existing over the port of New Orleans by authority of the United States that the said firm were engaged in violating the blockade in this, to wit: In loading and dispatching from the port of New Orleans the schooner Major Farewell, which said schooner made three voyages, and upon her return brought arms and munitions of war. Deponent further states that he has heard the aforesaid Puig say that he had a contract with the Confederate Government to bring in arms and powder for the use of said Government.

