
portion were foreigners, and of which the complainants of Orders, No. 55, formed a part, in aid of the rebellion. The only cotton allowed to be shipped during the autumn and winter of 1861-"62 was by permits of Governor Moore, granted upon the express condition that at least one-half in value should be returned in arms and munitions of war. In this traffic almost the entire mercantile houses of New Orleans were engaged. Joint-stock companies were formed, shares issued, vessels bought, cargoes shipped, arms returned, immense profits realized, and the speculative and trading energy of the whole community was turned in this direction. It will be borne in mind that quite two-thirds of the trading community were foreign born and now claim exemption from all duties as citizens and exemption from liabilities for all their acts because of being "foreign neutrals."

When the expedition which I had the high honor to be intrusted to command landed at Ship Island and seemed to threaten New Orleans, the most energetic efforts were made by the State and Confederate authorities for the defense of the city. Nearly the entire foreign population of the city enrolled itself in companies, battalions, and brigades, representing different nationalities. They were armed, uniformed and equipped, drilled and maneuvered, reported for service to the Confederate generals. Many of the foreign officers took the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States. The brigadier-general in command of the European brigade, Paul Juge, a naturalized citizen of the United States, but born in France, renounced his citizenship and applied to the French Government to be restored to his former citizenship as a native of that country at the very time he held his command of this foreign legion.

The Prussian consul, now General Reichard of the Confederate Army, of whom we shall have more in the course of this report, raised a battalion of his countrymen and went into Virginia, where he has been promoted for his gallantry in the rebel service, leading his commercial partner, Mr. Kruttschnitt, now acting Prussian consul, who has married the sister of the rebel Secretary of War, to embarrass as much as possible the U. S. officers here by subscriptions to "city defense funds" and groundless complaints to the Prussian minister.

I have thus endeavored to give a faithful and exact account of the state of the foreign population of New Orleans on the 15th day of February, 1862.

In October, 1861, the city had voted to erect a battery out of this "defense fund," as will appear by exhibit extract from the Delta newspaper, marked C. On the 19th of February, 1862, the City Council by vote, published and commented upon in the newspaper, placed in the hands of the Confederate General Lovell $50,000, to be expended by him in the defenses of the city. This resolution is appended from a published newspaper copy, marked D. It will therefore clearly appear that all inhabitants of the city knew that the City Council were raising and expending large sums for war purposes.

On the 20th of the same February the City Countil raised an extraordinary committee on public safety from the body of inhabitants at large, consisting of sixty members, for the "purpose of co-operating with the Confederate and State authorities in devising means for the defense of the city and its approaches." This will appear from the exhibit marked E, a published newspaper copy of the resolution raising such committee.

On the 27th of the same February the City Council adopted a series of resolutions: First, recommending the issue of $1,000,000 of city

