
bonds for the purpose of purchasing arms and munitions, and to provide for the successful defense of the city and its approaches. Second. To appropriate $25,000 for the purpose of uniforming and equipping soldiers mustered into the service of the country. Third. Pledging the council "to support the families of all soldiers who shall volunteer for the war."

This will appear more at large in the published newspaper copy of the resolutions, marked F.

On the 3rd of March, 1862, the City Council authorized the mayor to issue the bonds of the city for $1,000,000, and provided that the chairman of the finance committee might pay over the said bonds to the Committee of Public Safety, appointed by the Common Council of the city of New Orleans as per resolution (No. 5930) approved 20th of February, 1862, in such sums as they may require for the purchase of arms, munitions of war, provisions, or to provide any means for the successful defense of the city and its approaches. And at the same time authorized the chairman of the finance committee to pay over $25,000 to troops mustered into the State service who should go to fight at Columbus or elsewhere under General G. T. Beauregard.

This will appear by exhibit marked G of the published newspaper copy of the doings of the City Council.

It was to this fund in the hands of this extraordinary committee, so published with its objects and purposes, that the complainants subscribed their money, and now claim exemption upon the ground of neutrality and want of knowledge of the purposes of the fund.

Will it be pretended for a moment that these persons-bankers, merchants, brokers-who are making this complaint did not know what this fund was, and its purposes, to which they were subscribing by thousands of dollars?

Did Mr. Rochereau, for instance, who had taken an oath to support the Confederate States-a banker and then a colonel commanding a body of troops in the service of the Confederates-never hear for what purpose the city was raising a million and a quarter in bonds? Take the Prussian consul, who complains for himself and the Mrs. Vogel whom he represents, as an example. Did he now know about this fund?

He, a trader, a Jew, famed for a bargain, married to the sister of the rebel Secretary of War, the partner of General Reichard, late Prussian consul, then in command in the Confederate Army, who subscribed for himself, his partner, and Mrs. Vogel, the wife of his former partner, $30,000-did he not know what he was doing when he bought those bonds of this Committee of Public Safety?

On the contrary, it was done to aid the rebellion, to which he was bound by his sympathies, his social relations, by business connection, and marriage ties! But it is said that this subscription was made to the fund for the sake of the investment. It will appear, however, by a careful examination that Mr. Kruttschnitt collected for his principal a note secured by mortgage, in anticipation of its being due, in order to purchase $25,000 of this loan. (See his letter to Mrs. Vogel.)

