
distributed in about the same proportion as to foreign and native born; so that, of an expenditure of nearly $80,000 per month to employ and feed the starving poor of New Orleans, $72,000 goes to the foreigners, whose compatriots loudly complain and offensively thrust forward their neutrality whenever they are called upon to aid their suffering countrymen.

I should need no extraordinary taxation to feed the poor of New Orleans if the bellies of the foreigner were as actively with the rebels as are their heads. Of those who claim exemption thus far of this taxation made and use for the purposes above set forth, upon the ground of their neutrality, I find Mr. Rochereau &amp; Co., the senior partner of which house took an oath of allegiance to support the constitution of the Confederate States.

I find also the house of Reichard & Co., the senior partner of which is General Reichard in the rebel army, the junior partner, Mr. Kruttschnitt, the brother-in-law of Benjamin, the rebel Secretary of War, using all funds in his hands to purchase arms and collecting the securities of his correspondents before they are due to get funds to loan to the rebel authorities, and now acting Prussian consul here, doing quite as effective service to the rebels as his partner in the field.

Mrs. Vogel, late partner in the same house (Reichard & Co.), now absent, whose funds are managed by that house.

Messrs. Quertier & Co., bankers, whose clerks and employes formed a part of the French legion organized to fight the United States, and who contributed largely to the arming and equipping of that corps, and a Mr. Lewis, whose antecedents I have not had time to investigate.

And these are fair specimens of the neutrality of the foreigners for whom the Government are called upon to interfere to prevent their paying anything toward the relief fund for their starving countrymen.

If the representatives of the foreign Governments, then, will feed their own starving people, over whom the only protection they extend, so far as I can see, is to tax them all, poor and rich, $1.50 each for certificates of neutrality, I will release the foreigners from all exactions, fines, and imposts whatever.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

A.

PROCLAMATION.

Concurring entirely in the views expressed by the cotton factors of New Orleans, in the annexed communication, I have determined to take the most decided means to prevent the landing of any cotton in this city. Notice is therefore hereby given to all masters and owners of steam-boats and other water craft, that from and after the 10th day of October instant, no cotton must be brought to New Orleans or within the lines embracing that section of the country between the fortifications above Carrollton and those below the city and extending back to the lake. All steam- boats or other water craft arriving within the prescribed limits will be forthwith placed in charge of an armed force and escorted above the points indicated. This course

