
will be adopted in all cases, whether the quantity of cotton brought be large or small.

The railroad companies have already issued orders in furtherance of the object of this proclamation, and no violation of them will be permitted.

THOMAS O. MOORE,

Governor.

I shall co-operate with Governor Moore in the enforcement of the above order.

D. E. TWIGGS,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, September 23, 1861.

To His Excellency Governor T. O. MOORE and

Major General D. E. TWIGGS:

The undersigned, cotton factors of New Orleans, respectfully represent that some time since they advised the planters from whom they yearly received shipments of cotton not to send any to this city during the continuance of the blockade. In adopting this course we make great individual sacrifices in order to accomplish a common benefit. We take no credit to ourselves for this. Embarked with our fellow-citizens in a struggle to maintain our dearest rights, we have only discharged our duty, as, in our opinion, the highest interests of the community exact, as the first obligation of all. But we regret to say that there are those in New Orleans less mindful than ourselves of the necessity of a steadfast adherence to the rules which we have adopted as our guide, and receive from time to time consignments of cotton.

Some of the planters, too, either not appreciating the importance of retaining their cotton at home or heedlessly disregarding it, transmit to this city occasionally a few bales of cotton. The certain consequence of this injudicious conduct of the factors and planters referred to will be that other planters, finding that their neighbors can with impunity ship and sell their cotton, will follow their example, and in a very few weeks large supplies will be sent to New Orleans, and this cotton, from the known inefficiency of the blockade, will find its way to foreign ports, and furnish the manufacturing interest of Europe and the United States with the product of which they are most in need. We shall thus give aid and comfort to our enemies, and contribute to the maintenance of that quasi neutrality which European nations have thought proper to avow-a neutrality which enables the United States to obtain every munitions of war in which they are deficient, and practically deprives us of the same sources of supply. Under these circumstances we earnestly request that you will take immediate steps to prevent the shipment of any cotton to this city. Unless this is promptly done we shall not be able to maintain the policy we have determined upon, and which not only received the sanction of public opinion here, but which has been so promptly and cheerfully followed by the planters and factors of the other States of the Confederacy.

It will not be difficult for you to devise means to accomplish the object desired, and we are quite sure that the people of Louisiana, with the exception of the few, who in times like these can regard their personal advantages as more important than the public good, will not

