
persisted in so doing they would be checked in a manner at once effectual and summary, though we hoped they would cease, immediately and voluntarily, to give occasion for an appeal to forcible measures on the part of the Governor.

The Governor, however, seems to have abandoned any hope of this kind, and hence his proclamation elsewhere, in response to a petition signed by about 100 of our cotton factors, warning masters of steamboats that after the 10th of October no cotton must be brought to New Orleans or within the lines of its fortifications, and announcing that armed force will be employed to prevent the admission of the prohibited shipments. The railroads are subjected to similar orders, and General Twiggs will co-operate with the Governor in enforcing them.

C.

(Extract from the New Orleans Daily Crescent of October 4, 1861.)

RESOLUTIONS.

The following resolutions, offered by Mr. Wiltz, was read twice and adopted, the rules being suspended:

Resolved, That the committee on city defense be and is hereby authorized to cause to be erected a battery on the levee, opposite Esplanade street, for artillery exercises, the cost not to exceed $3,000, to be paid out of the funds appropriated for city defenses, said battery to be used only be permission of the Common Council.

Yeas-Messrs. Nixon, Cox, Forstall, Robin, Stith, and Wiltz-6.

D. MAYORALTY OF NEW ORLEANS, City Hall, February 19, 1862. Common Council of the city of New Orleans. (No. 5927.)

Resolved, That the sum of $50,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated for the defense of the city and its approaches. Said sum to be paid over to Major-General Lovell, and to be spent by him for the purposes aforesaid, as he may deem proper.

S. P. DELABARRE,

President pro tem. Board of Aldermen.

J. MAGIONI,

President Board of Assistant Aldermen.

Approved February 19, 1862.

JOHN T. MONROE,

Mayor.

E.

(No. 5930.)

Resolved, That the following-named citizens be, and they are, appointed a committee to be styled Committee on Public Safety, for the purpose of co-operating with the Confederate and State authorities in devising means for the defense of the city of New Orleans and its approaches.

Resolved further, That the Committee on City Defense appointed by the Common Council be, and they are hereby, added to the aforesaid Committee on Public Safety.

