
Mr. Magioni appeared.

The following preamble and resolutions, published in the proceedings of the previous meeting, were adopted, as recommended in the foregoing report, to the following vote, viz:

Yeas-Messrs. Magioni, Allen, Beebe, Beggs, Benit, Davis, Hodgkins, Kingsland, Laborde, Leefe, Mensman and Seichsnaydre-12.

Nays-None.

(No. 5930.)

Resolved. That the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to uniform and equip all such companies, battalions, or regiments that may need assistance, who may muster in the service of the State, to be transferred to the command of General Beauregard, to fight our battles in Columbus or elsewhere.

Said appropriation to be disbursed under the superintendence and direction of the finance committee of the Common Council.

J. MAGIONI,

President Board of Assistant Aldermen.

S. P. DELABARRE,

President pro tem Board of Aldermen.

Approved March 3, 1862.

JOHN T. MONROE,

Mayor.

G.

(No. 5949.)

Whereas, the safety of the city of New Orleans being imperiled by the existence of the war now raging, and the presence of our enemies at the approaches of the city renders it of the greatest importance to the vital interest of the city-not only to the city, but to the whole Southern Confederacy-that immediate and ample means should be placed at the disposition of the public authorities to repel invasion, and for the prompt and efficient defense of the city of New Orleans and its approaches: Therefore,

Resolved, That the mayor of the city of New Orleans be, and he is hereby, authorized to issue bonds of the city, in favor of the city treasurer and comptroller, by the city comptroller, for the sum of one million of dollars, in sums of fifty, one hundred, five hundred, and one thousand dollars, payable in five equal installments of two hundred thousand dollars each, at six to ten years, inclusive, and bearing interest coupons at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum, payable semi-annually at the office of the city treasurer.

Resolved, That for the extinguishment of said bonds at their maturity there shall be created a sinking fund to which shall be especially pledged fifty thousand dollars per annum of the revenue derived from the sale of the public markets of the city of New Orleans, which fund shall be invested in such securities as the finance committee of the Common Council may from time to time direct, and report to the Common Council their action thereon.

Resolved, That it shall be the duty of the Common Council to provide in the month of January of each and every year for the payment of the current interest due and payable on said bonds; and

Be it further resolved, That the chairmen of the finance committee of the Common Council be, and they are hereby, fully authorized and empowered to pay over the said bonds to the Committee on Public Safety appointed by the Common Council of the city of New Orleans, as per resolution No. 5930, approved 20th of February, 1862, in such

