
HARRISBURG, PA., November 3, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Of the draft in this State about one-fourth have not been delivered, and the State is powerless to deliver them. An energetic provost-marshal will be necessary to seize them. Of those delivered a very large number were not examined by a medical officer for the want, as it is alleged, of time before the date set for the delivery; consequently very many are totally unfit for the service. To prevent such men being sent to join regiments I request that three medical officers of the Army be directed to report to me to inspect the men at Philadelphia, Harrisburg, and Pittsburg. There is a regiment of three-years" men, fully organized, at Wilkesbarre. Will it armed before I order it forward?

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 4, 1862.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs me to transmit to you the inclosed copy of a communication of the 31st ultimo [3rd instant] from the Department of State on the subject of the charges made to this Department in your letter of the 13th ultimo against the Spanish war vessels at New Orleans, and to request your attention to the suggestion maned by the Secretary of State for the supply, as far as practicable, of the proofs necessary to be produced should they be requested by the Government of Spain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, November 3, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date and to inform you in reply that the proper investigation of the charges of Major-General Butler against the Spanish vessels of war at New Orleans, to which he refers in his letter to the War Department of the 13th ultimo, have been requested through Mr. Tassara, Her Catholic Majesty's minister here. Inasmuch, however, as the charges referred to are not accompanied by any proofs, it is suggested that these, if obtainable, should be requested of General Butler, as they may be asked for by the Spanish Government.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

UNOFFICIAL.] SAINT LOUIS, November 4, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

GENERAL: I have just received your letter of the 30th October, and I am gratified to learn that your former letters of the 27th of

