
September and 3rd of October were the expression of the opinions of others rather than your own. I say this, general, because I thought it impossible that you could mistake the meaning of my agreement with the President, particularly when the general order from the War Department for the organization of the State militia had over and over again called them 'State forces."

But you seem to think that the agreement had been designedly made ambiguous upon the question of the character of the force. This is a mistake. I drew the instrument myself and whatever obscurity there may be was introduced by some interpolations made by Colonel Scott, Assistant Secretary of War, after the instrument as I drew it had been approved and indorsed by the President. While I was astonished, as an old lawyer would naturally be by what I regarded as an imprudent act of a subordinate, I did not object, because the alterations did not affect the scope and meaning of the instrument.

I concur in the opinion that between us there would never arise any difficulty growing out of a difference in our construction of the paper, because I am sure that you will never suspect me of having any concealed purpose of self-aggrandizement. Would to God it were possible for those in power to conceive of a man acting from perfectly unselfish patriotism.

I hope to see you in Washington in a few days, as I propose to visit the seat of Government upon business. If I could persuade you to come out and take the Western command and open the navigation of the Mississippi, I feel that I would be doing service to the country and possibly not a little service to yourself. I am satisfied that it is to be the great military enterprise of the year and will give to the general who achieves it more reputation, particularly in the West, than every other event of the war.

Beside this public consideration, I am anxious to have a general in command here with whom I have been accustomed to confer.

Very truly, yours,

H. R. GAMBLE.

WASHINGTON, November 4, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

New York:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 1st instant is just received. I am happy to learn that your prospects are so good for filling up your expedition. I think it would be well to designate your brigadier-generals, so that they may join your troops immediately. The matter of arms will be referred to Assistant Secretary Watson. The rule is that each State should take its proportion of each kind of arms, according to the quota of troops furnished. The prejudice against smooth-bores is unfounded. They are more effective in a battle than rifles. The latter are better for skirmishers, but in a close engagement, experience has proved that the ball and buck will kill and wound more.

The steamers for Hilton Head will return in time for a part of your command. The transports sent with troops to North Carolina are by this time on their way back. There therefore should be no clashing in this matter.

Our prospect of an early movement down the Mississippi is improving. In fact, while things remain almost in statu quo here, where

