
Archimedes with his longest lever could not move the army, at the West everything begins to look well again.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, November 4, 1862.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: I beg very respectfully to enter a remonstrance against what seems to me as the very pernicious order lately issued, to enlist men from the volunteer forces into the Regular Army. This for the following reasons:

First. It is a great discouragement, both to officers and men, in raising regiments for the volunteer service to feel that they may be so invaded. This acknowledge works detrimentally and discouragingly upon enlistments. It is true, indeed, that the men are not forced into the Regular Army; but the mere idea that influence of this nature will or may be brought to bear upon them has a very disagreeable effect upon those whom experience in the field has not yet familiarized with the following of arms as a profession, and who go to battle as reluctantly for its own sake as they go bravely and cheerfully for their country's sake. As a matter of fact, this feeling does work very badly and occasions great trouble and discouragement to both officers and men.

Second. The knowledge or belief that by thus enlisting in the regular service the soldier can escape jurisdiction and punishment with regard to his former officers tends directly to cause insubordination in the volunteer service and to encourage disrespect to volunteer officers, thus visibly increasing their difficulty in controlling the undisciplined bodies, hitherto totally unused to such rigid restraint, which they are called upon to command.

Third. Allow me respectfully to suggest that the order would be less objectionable which should allow or encourage the enlistment of nine-months" men into the volunteer regiments, since this would gain to the Government recruits with a longer term of service and be free from many of the objections which seem to me to render injurious to the service the order as it now stands, and would in great measure answer the end of filling the thinned ranks of the old regiments.

I am, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 7, 1862.

Submitted to the War Department.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 4, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

The surgeons will be sent forward to-morrow. Arms will be sent the Wilkesbarre regiment to what place you direct. Have you not

47 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

