
The regular officers of this department, few in number, have had heavy labors and responsibilities imposed upon them, and have, without exception, exhibited zeal, intetegrity worthy of notice.

With great respect, your most obedient servant,

J. P. TAYLOR,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, November 5, 1862.

Count MEJAN,

Consul of France:

SIR: I return you inclosed some letters, apparently from your consulate, which were captured surreptitiously passing our lines. This mode of communication need not be taken by the representative of a nation toward whom I desire to exercise every courtesy. If the French consul has occasion to send into the lines of the enemy any proper communications relating to the business of his consulate, if forwarded to these headquarters they will be sent at the earliest opportunity. This will prevent all miscarriages and examinations.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 5, 1862.

Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

A new battery, to be raised and commanded by Captain Neil, will be accepted.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 5, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Enfield arms for the Wilkesbarre regiment have been ordered to Harrisburg and should reach there to-morrow morning.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., November 5, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am satisfied that an officer of rank should at this time be in command in this State for all purposes connected with the organization and movement of troops, to whom the numerous questions constantly arising should be referred, subject only to the orders of the authorities at Washington. Brigadier General Andrew Porter is here, and if thus assigned, which I recommend, would be great assistance to me. One of my greatest difficulties will be get the drafted men at the several

