
colored teamsters and laborers in the District of Columbia and Alexandria, to be expended for the benefit of the women and children (families of these teamsters) and as a hospital fund for the sick among the men from whom it is derived. In that letter I stated that the necessary directions had been given to the proper quartermasters to effect the object of the order, and in that connection deemed it my duty to present for the consideration of the Department some of the difficulties attending the execution of the order and the effect it might have upon the public service; and I concluded by respectfully asking "that the question be decided by authority whether the law requires all persons of African descent employed in the Quartermaster's Department to be paid $10 a month and a ration and no more, or whether the officers of the department are at liberty to continue to pay wages, such as the market price of labor requires, to persons of African descent already employed or hereafter employed, and not enrolled into service under special regulations of the President under the law of 17th of July, 1862."

I understand that some action has been taken upon the subject, but it has not yet been completed, or if completed communicated to this office. I respectfully request that if a decision has been made a copy thereof may be furnished for the use of this department.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., November 6, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have issued the following order, which I think necessary and hope you will approve:

Brigadier General Andrew Porter is assigned to command in the State of Pennsylvania, and will also exercise the duties of provost-marshal-general. Brigadier Gens. I. N. Palmer and E. R. S. Canby are assigned to the command of the camps of drafted men at Philadelphia and Pittsburg, respectively.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, November 6, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS:

Your order assigning Brigadier General Andrew Porter to the command of Pennsylvania was issued without authority and will be immediately countermanded. You will not again issue such orders without proper authority.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 7, 1862.

Major-General BANKS,

New York:

The troops on transports now assembling at Fort Monroe are assigned to your command. They number about 10,000. Leave some staff officer to carry out your instructions in regard to the

