
BOSTON, November 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Please order that nine-months" men in this State may enlist for three years and be mustered out, and into any three-years" company. If disapproved, please at least permit such transfer to sharpshooter corps.

JNO. A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., November 7, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS,

Harrisburg:

The order assigning militia to fill the old regiments in Pennsylvania was made at the request of General McClellan, who stated that Governor Curtin desired it and was anxiously waiting the order. The attorney-general now objects to it and asks its revocation. It was supposed to be in accordance with the wishes of the State authorities, but if they have changed their minds, or the assignment is object to, you need not enforce the order, but may organize all the militia in new regiments and send back the officers of the old regiments. The order is not revoked, but its execution is dispensed with to avoid collision with State authorities of Pennsylvania.

Please report what progress you have made.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., November 7, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The order placing Brigadier General Andrew Porter in command in Pennsylvania has been countermanded. Brigadier-General Canby reported this morning and will proceed to Pittsburg.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., November 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

For two days I have been busily engaged in sending officers to the several camps to receive the drafted men for their regiments. In all cases I have urged those officers to use their influence with the men to enter the old regiments, where they will be better cared for, and render far more efficient service than if organized into new regiments with inexperienced officers. It is too early yet to know what effect these officers will have, except at Camp Curtin, but so far I can"t see that they have had any influence. The organization of detachments does not progress, nor am I pressing the matter, until the officers have had breed access to the men. The officers elected in company organization are bitterly opposed to the measure, stating that the law guarantees organization, and urge resistance. Two writs of habeas corpus were issued to-day for trial to-morrow, and I have employed counsel to defend the cases. I have authorized the drafted men to volunteer in old regiments for three years, with the payment of bounty and advance pay, but not for new organizations. The Third Cavalry Regiment

