
and Roberts" artillery could, perhaps, be filled up should I give the same privilege. Shall I do so? I have, by the direction of the General-in-Chief, countermanded the order placing General Porter in command of this State. I regret this, for I think he requires military command to strengthen his hands as provost- marshal-general and to General Porter, but knew it was in accordance with the wishes of Governor Curtin and Mr. Meredith.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 7, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS,

Harrisburg:

In view of the difficulties and the advice of Mr. Meredith, I authorized you this afternoon to waive the order assigning militia to old regiments without any formal revocation of the order, as it is operating well elsewhere. You had better go on and organize and forward the companies as fast as they are organized, leaving the regimental organization to be effected here.

I think General Halleck misunderstands your order. It will, not doubt, be advantageous for General Porter to have command of the troops in Pennsylvania, but General Halleck does not want a new department created. I supposed your order was designed only to give him command of the troops temporarily without interfering with the department. If this be so, let me know and I will endeavor to remove the objection of General Halleck, so as to carry out the Governor's desire.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PRIVATE.] HARRISBURG, November 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I think it would be advisable to revoke the order for putting the militia into the old regiments, the order being contrary to law and the regulations under which the draft was made. The men, I understand, are strongly opposed to it, and the hostile newspapers having taken up the subject, are doing everything to stimulate the opposition. I look upon the execution of the order as impracticable. It is still probable that if the order were revoked many of the men would volunteer for the old regiments.

W. M. MEREDITH.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 7, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM M. MEREDITH,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Adjutant-General Thomas has been authorized to organize the militia into regiments if preferred instead of assigning them to fill up the old regiments.

In some of the States they prefer to assign to the old regiments, and that was understood to be the desire of Governor Curtin and it had

