
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 9 [8], 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS,

Harrisburg:

It is designed to give the drafted men their regimental as well as company organization. The omission was accidental.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., November 8, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

SIR: I am glad you have modified my instructions so that I can receive organized companies of drafted men, for the discontent among them was increasing; and as the State authorities would only wish me success without rendering me any aid whatever, as they believed that the law guaranteed to the men company and regimental organizations, my mind was rapidly coming to the conclusion that force would be necessary to compel the men to join the old regiments. If even it could be done in that way, a display of force for such purpose would have a very bad effect. I shall permit company organizations without a formal revocation of the order, and will permit the men to join the old regiments, if they so desire; also let them enlist into any regiment for three years or during the war. Bounty and advance pay should, I suppose, be given in such cases. The order placing General Porter in command in Pennsylvania did not make a distinct department, not was it so intended. It gave him authority over the troops, which was necessary, also, to execute his orders of provost- marshal-general. A military commander would be advantageous to the service who could dispose promptly of the many vexatious points constantly arising. The One hundred and forty-third Regiment, from Wilkesbarre, arrived this morning. Arms have arrived.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., November 9, 1862-8 p.m.

(Received 2.25 a.m. 10th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Five regiments and one battery have been sent to Columbus, and also give regiments and one battery to Memphis. Will send four or five more regiments to Memphis this week, and I think three more next week, which will be the balance.

ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General of Illinois.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The usual annual returns for Congress are herewith respectfully submitted.*

---------------

*Not found; but see strength of Army as reported by Mr. Stanton, p.897.

---------------

