
himself, and that not only the President but all the other heads of Departments] were at least equally responsible with him for whatever error, wrong, or fault was committed in the premises.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 26, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX:

GENERAL: The President having taken military possession of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad for national purposes, under the authority invested in him by act of Congress, the utility of the road and the safety of the capital require that the railroad, its depots, workshops, rolling-stock, and all its appendages and appurtencnaces should be under military protection, and also that its officers, servants, and employes, and whomsoever may be engaged in the working of the road for the benefit of the Government, should be protected against all violence, injury, or danger. You are therefore directed to afford such protection to the fullest extent of the emergency and the force of your command, and you are requested to exert it for that purpose.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 26, 1862.

The GOVERNOR OF NEW HAMPSHIRE:

Please designate by telegram to Brigadier-General Ripley, Chief of Ordnance, and Quartermaster-General Meigs the points where you desire arms and clothing to be placed for your new regiments to be raised under recent call.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Governors of Vermont, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Iowa.)

NORWICH, May 26,1 862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have clothing and nearly enough equipments for the next regiment. Will order any deficiency as directed.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., May 26, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Governor has not returned from Tennessee. I can organize and arm militia to guard prisoners here and at Chicago and sent you three regiments ready for the field immediately. Shall I do so?

ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General.

