
and those diseases which affect men in camp have been kept at a low minimum. Scurvy has been almost entirely prevented, and yellow fever, from which much was feared, has had but few victims.

This immunity is due to the excellent hygienic arrangements instituted, and to the cordial manner in which generals in command have co-operated with the medical authorities.

In an army the size of that now maintained by the United States it was of course to be expected that the absolute number of sick would be very large, and the important battles which have been fought have thrown a large number of wounded on the care of the department. At present the total number under the charge of officers of the Medical Department is not short of 90,000, and immediately after the battle of Antietam it was even greater than this. In this city alone it was over 20,000. That this large number could be provided for without some cases of unnecessary suffering occurring would perhaps be too much to expect, but I must commend the medical corps, both of the regular and volunteer service, for the faithful and efficient manner in which their duties have been performed.

In the discharge of their duties medical officers have been very much aided by the contributions of the people of the country, and by the efficient co-operation of the Sanitary Commission and relief associations.

In addition to providing the sick and wounded with medical attendance and medicines, much has been done by the department in furnishing food, clothing, and comforts of various kinds. From much observation, both at home and abroad, and from the concurrent testimony of distinguished foreign medical officers, I am satisfied that never before were the sick and wounded of an army so well cared for as are those who have suffered for their country in the present rebellion.

The hospitals I take pride in saying are a credit to the nation.

Before the several medical boards in session during the year (from June 30, 1861, to July 1, 1862) a large number of applicants for appointment in the medical staff of the Army were invited by the Secretary of War. Of these, sixty-six candidates only presented themselves for examination. Thirty-three of this number were approved and five rejected; the remaining twenty- eight withdrew without examination, one on account of disqualification.

Before the same boards eleven assistant surgeons were also examined for promotion, nine of whom were found qualified, and two not considered as coming up to the standard of merit required.

In the examination by these boards the standard of attainment required for success was much lowered; the board in New York being ordered to examine two candidates each day for the Regular Army, while the examination of candidates for the appointment of surgeon of brigade became little more than a farce. Since the 1st of June last, however, the standard of examination has been raised, and the gentlemen now entering the medical staff have been found fully competent to undertake the important trust with which they are charged.

The breaking out of the rebellion found the U. S. Army with a Medical Department arranged for a peace establishment of 15,000 men. Experience soon demonstrated the fact that however efficient its officers might be, the organization was such as to ill adapt it to the necessities of a large force in time of war. Partial progress in the right direction was made by Congress in increasing the rank of the

