
There have been both reconnaissance and communication when from signal stations of observation elevated on towners, trees, or mountains, there has been communication by signals, to other stations near headquarters, or to stations upon electric lines, or to those whence couriers could readily ride. The cases are not infrequent, where, on the field of battle, the corps has been called upon for all these duties.

On the march of moving armies, in the presence of the enemy, the corps has assimilated in its duties, so far as the education and military experience of its officers made practicable, the duties of a corps of guides; and moving with the advance or on the flanks of the army, and seeking everywhere the best posts of view, have given such aid to the movements as their observation made practicable.

LIST OF BATTLES AND EXPEDITIONS.

The officers and men of the corps have taken, part by detachments under fire or in action, in the expedition to Port Royal and capture of Forts Walker and Beauregard; the Burnside expedition to North Carolina-Roanoke Island; battle at New Berne; siege of Fort Pulaski; expedition to Jacksonville, Fla., siege of Fort Macon, N. C.; expedition to Stono River, S. C., battle of James Island, S. C., General Banks" retreat from Strasburg, Va., to Williamsport, Md., action at Culpeper Court- House, Va.; expedition to Columbia, N. C., battle at Saint Charles, White River, Ark.; battle of Winchester, Va.; the movement of the Army of the Potomac from Alexandria to Fort Monroe; siege of Yorktown; battle of Williamsburg; action at Mechanicsville; battle of Hanover Court-House; battle of Gaines" Mill; battle of Mechanicsville (June 28, 1862); battle of Williamsburg Road; at evacuation of White House; battle at Savage Station; battle Malvern Hill (June 30 and July 1, 1862); battle at (August 5, 1862); engagement near Harrison's Landing, Va.; with the fleet in James River operating with the Army of the Potomac; with the fleet in York River operating with the Army of the Potomac; battle of Cedar Mountain; with the Army of Virginia falling back from the Rappahannock to Washington; engagement at Catoctin Pass; battle of South Mountain; battle of Antietam; at Cumberland Gap; battle of Chaplin Hills, near Perryville, Ky., expedition to Pocotaligo.

The corps has had part in other marches and expeditions not mentioned.

There is at this office official information of commendatory mention of the services and conduct of the signal officers serving with them from the following officers, viz;

Brigadier General I. I. Stevens, Major General A. E. Burnside, Major General George B. McClellan, Major General John Pope, Major General N. P. Banks, Major General E. D. Keyes, Major General J. G. Parke, Major Gn. Fitz John Porter, Major General J. G. Foster, Major General H. G. Wright, Major General S. R. Curtis Brigadier General L. H. Rousseau, Brigadier General James Shields, Brigadier General E. L. Viele; Actg. Rear- Admiral Charles Wilkes, U. S. Navy, commanding fleet in James River; Captain John Rodgers, U. S. Navy, commanding fleet in James River, at Malvern Hill and Harrison's Landing; Commander C. R. P. Rodgers, U. S. Navy, commanding naval forces at Port Royal Ferry; Commander Max. Woodhull, commanding steamer Cimarron; Commander G. H. Scott, U. S. Navy, commanding gunboat Maratanza; Commodore William Smith, U. S. Navy, commanding fleet in York River, at Yorktown and West Point.

