
I earnestly call the attention of the Secretary of War to this statement; and I respectfully recommend that in this annual report the direct to the subject of the organization of the Signal Corps the consideration of the President and of Congress.

CLERKS IN THE OFFICE OF THE SIGNAL OFFICER.

The duties of clerks in this office have been performed by soldiers, with the pay of extra duty.

The great labor incident to their duties makes it just that they should have the pay of clerks of third class. I recommend that two clerkships of that class be provided.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ALBERT J. MYER,

Signal Officer of the Army

DAVENPORT, IOWA, November 10, 1862.

A. LINCOLN,

President:

I most earnestly protest against General Orders, Nos. 154 and 162, War Department. They are disorganizing in results, of no benefit to any service, but great injury. In behalf of Iowa regiments I ask revocation.

N. B. BAKER

Adjutant-General of Iowa.

HARRISBURG, PA., November 10, 1862

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Telegram respecting Brigadier-General Porter, but placing him in command of the drafted men, does not answer the object the Governor desires, or what I thought best for the service. A military commander over the whole State is what the Governor recommends, to whom the very many questions constantly coming up could be referred and settled. This need not interfere at all which General Wool's command over Pennsylvania or the troops. As provost-marshal, General Porter should have authority to call on troops within the State other than drafted men to properly execute his orders. There may be difficulty in collecting the numerous stragglers from the drafted men.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., November 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Instructions received, and I shall now proceed to fully organize the drafted men and put the regiments en route. Shall any of the regiments organized at Pittsburg be sent to Kentucky? Those here and at Philadelphia I suppose will go to Washington. The men to rendezvous at Chambersburg, Gettysburg, and York will make four

