
of the defenses of Washington; Major George W. Cullum, brigadier-general of volunteers, chief of staff of the General- in-Chief; Major D. P. Woodbury, brigadier-general of volunteers, commanding brigade of volunteer engineers, Army of the Potomac; Major Z. B. Tower, brigadier-general of volunteers, commanding brigade, Army of the Potomac (severely wounded); Major H. G. Wright, major-general of volunteers, commanding Department of the Ohio; Major John Newton, brigadier-general of volunteers, commanding brigade Army of the Potomac; Captain B. S. Alexander, lieutenant-colonel and aide-de-camp, on duty with General Barnard, defenses of Washington; Captain J. G. Foster, major- general of volunteers, commanding Department of North Carolina; Captain J. C. Duane, chief engineer, Army of the Potomac; Captain Q. A. Gillmore, brigadier-general of volunteers, commanding brigade, Department of the Ohio; Captain F. E. Prime, chief engineer, Department of the Mississippi; Captain J. St. C. Morton, chief engineer, Department of the Tennessee; Captain J. B. McPherson, major-general of volunteers serving in Department of the Mississippi; First Lieutenant G. Weitzel, brigadier- general, of volunteers, serving in Department of the Gulf; First Lieutenant D. C. Houston major and aide-de-camp, headquarters staff, Army of the Potomac; First Lieutenant M. D. McAlester, headquarters staff, Department of the Ohio, First Lieutenant and Bvt. Captain W. E. Merrill, headquarters staff, Department of the Ohio; First Lieutenant C. B. Reese, commanding Company C, Engineer Battalion, Army of the Potomac, First Lieutenant J. A. Tardy, jr., headquarters staff, Department of the Ohio, First Lieutenant C. E. Cross, commanding battalion of engineer troops, headquarters Army of the Potomac; First Lieutenant O. E. Babcock, commanding Company D, Engineer Battalion, headquarters Army of the Potomac; Second Lieutenant P. H. O"Rorke, colonel of the One hundred and fortieth Regiment New York Volunteers, Army of the Potomac; Second Lieutenant A. H. Dutton, colonel of the Twenty-first Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, Army of the Potomac; Second Lieutenant R. S. Mackenzie, serving with Burnside's corps, Army of the Potomac; Second Lieutenant G. L. Gillespie, attached to Company C, Engineer Battalion, Army of the Potomac; Second Lieutenant George Burroughs, on duty connected with defenses of Cumberland Gap; Second Lieutenant Charles R. Suter, attached to Company D, Engineer Battalion, Army of the Potomac; Second Lieutenant Jared A. Smith, assigned to duty with General Banks; Second Lieutenant S. M. Mansfield, colonel Twenty-fourth Connecticut Volunteers; Second Lieutenant H. C. Wharton, assigned to duty with General Rosecrans.

ENGINEER SOLDIERS.

By legislation at the late session of Congress the number of these was increased to four companies of 150 men each. Prompt steps were taken to recruit these companies by establishing recruiting stations at a number of the principal cities and towns of the country, and for a time the result was quite successful, but the necessities of the case made it unavoidable to break up these stations and bring the recruits with the recruiting officers into service. Owing too this check the whole number of enlisted men of the corps amounted on the 1st July last to 276 men only. Recently, however, under the regulations permitting recruits to be drawn from the volunteer troops, large numbers have been added to the force, which now is not far from its limit of 600 men. The battalion of four companies is serving with the Army of the Potomac.

