
BOSTON, November 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Will you authorize the continuance of Government bounty to cavalry and artillery three-years" volunteers, to be recruited for General Banks?

JNO. A. ANDREW,

Governor.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 12, 1862.

Governor JOHN A. ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

Captain Collins ordered to pay bounty and premium to three-years" volunteers recruited for General Banks" command.

By order of Secretary of War:

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General and Acting Inspector-General

MADISON, WIS., November 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Very serious disturbances in regard to the draft have occurred in two counties. In Ozaukee County commissioner injured and obliged to flee for his life, and boxes destroyed and houses torn down. I furnished the provost-marshal with 600 men to protect new draft and make arrests. It being impossible to serve notices personally on those drafted, I instructed commissioners to publish by posters or otherwise. Please sanction this course. Provost-marshal has made fifty arrests, and will make more in that and other counties. What shall be done with the men arrested? They ought not to remain in the State. It will take too many to guard them. They are arrested under the proclamation of September 25, for resisting draft.

E. SALOMON.

Governor of Wisconsin.

EXECUTIVE MANSION.

November 13, 1862.

Ordered by the President:

That the Attorney-General be charged with the superintendence and direction of all proceedings to be had under the act of Congress of the 17th of July, 1862, entitled "An act to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of rebels and, for other purpose," in so far as may concern the seizure, prosecution, and condemnation of the estate, property, and effects of rebels and traitors, as mentioned and provided for in the fifth, sixth, and seventh sections of the said act of Congress.

And the Attorney-General is authorized and required to give to the attorneys and marshals of the United States such instructions and directions as he may find needful and convenient touching all such seizures, prosecutions, and condemnations; and, moreover, to authorize all such attorneys and marshal, whenever there may be reasonable ground to fear any forcible resistance to them in the discharge of their respective duties in this behalf, to call upon any military officer in command of the forces of the United States to give to them such aid,

