
its officers, gave up its receipts, which were destroyed, and took a receipt, which was dated back to the 16th of April, directly from Gautherin &amp; Co., so that the French consul's name should not appear in the transaction. These facts are established by the testimony of Mr. Belly, the cashier of the bank, which is written out, signed, and sworn to by him, a copy of which is annexed, marked O. P.

The money was sent on board the Spanish man-of-war Blasco de Garay, which left this port September last, and has now returned, and has been carried to Havana, and thence shipped to New York. All this has been done with the knowledge and consent of the consul of France.

You will see by the letter of Mr. Sanford the difficulty which the Confederates had of getting more goods on account of the non-payment of the first bill. Another cargo is now in Havana, not to be delivered of course, until the first is paid for. By this wrongful, illegal, and inimical interference of the French consul, aided by the Spanish ship-of-war, the money has gone forward so that the holders of the goods will be ready to ship the remainder for the benefit of the Confederate Army. A more flagrant violation of international law and national courtesy on the part of a consular agent cannot be imagined.

Before I proceeded upon the investigation, not knowing the extent to which the French consul was implicated, I called upon him, and, after showing him a letter received from the commanding general of the Army in which I was directed to cultivate the most friendly relations with him, I read him the letter of our minister at Brussels, and told him I should desire his friendly aid in making the investigation, and then asked him if he knew anything of the transaction spoken of in Mr. Sanford's letter, or if any money had ever been deposited with him for any such purpose. He, in the most emphatic manner, assured me that he knew nothing of any such transaction. He only knew that there was a French house of the name of Gautherin & Co. in New Orleans, and that no money had ever been deposited with him for any such purpose. I then informed him that it would become my duty to arrest and question Alfred and Jules Le More, the resident partners of the French house. I did so, and they denied all such transactions or refused to answer lest they should "criminate themselves." But, in the meantime, I had possessed myself of their books and papers, and among them I found two accounts, translations of which I inclose, marked B, A which show the whole transaction and which also show that one Kossuth, a clerk of the French consul, whose name appears in the account, received $528.25 as a fee for keeping the money within the French consulate, and that a douceur was given to Madame Mejan for the purpose of "carrying out the affair well:" that a lawyer was paid to deal with the consul in this matter; and these put together, with the testimony of the president, director, and cashier of the bank, puts the quilt of Count Mejan beyond questiontion to this extraordinary account of expenses.

I need not suggest to the Department that it is the duty of the Government at once and peremptorily to revoke the exequatur of Count Mejan. He has connived at the delivery of army clothing to the Confederate Army since the occupation of New Orleans by the Federal forces; he has taken away gold from the bank, nearly half a million of its specie, to aid the Confederates, acts which could not have been done without his aid and that of the Spanish ship-of-war Blasco de Garay.

