
F. - B. F. B.

Received, Brownsville, June 22, 1862, in good order and condition, from Charles Priolland, and for account of Messrs. Ed. Gautherin &amp; Co., of New Orleans:

Mark. Number.

E. G. C. 182 bales cloth, measuring 54,743 5/8 yards, at

$2.55 a yard.

B.

E. G. C. 427 bales cloth, measuring 134,626 2/8 yards, at

$1.97 1/2 a yard.

C.

W. L. SHARKEY,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

NEW ORLEANS, April 16, 1862.

I certify the above signature.

P. N. LUCKETT,

Colonel, Commanding Lower Rio Grande.

We hereby declare that the signatures above given are genuine, and that Mr. W. L. Sharkey, above named, is the special agent delegated to receive the above-mentioned goods for account of the contracting parties.

We furthermore hereby bind and obligate ourselves to produce, within reasonable time, a duplicate of the foregoing receipt, duly authenticated by the Quartermaster's Department of the Confederate States of America.

ED. GAUTHERIN & CO.

O. - B. F. B.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, November 13, 1862.

Memorandum of an examination of Mr. Belly, cashier, and Mr. Davis, president, of the Bank of New Orleans, before the commanding general this day:

Mortimer Belly, cashier, says;

I was cashier of the Bank of New Orleans and have been about five years. This transaction of loaning money to the Confederate Government was about the 15th of April. The first I knew of it the paper marked C and B. F. B. came to the bank about April 16, the day of its date, and to that I wrote an answer, which is in the minutes of the bank, by order of the board of directors. Then there was a contract made between the bank and J. B. D. De Bow. This is the contract marked D and B. F. B. Next I was instructed by William H. Dameron, then president of the bank, of the house of Payne, Huntington & Co., to take $405,000 to the French consulate, and took a receipt substantially as follows:

"Received of the Bank of New Orleans $405,000 in gold to be delivered to E. Gautherin & Co., for the payment of an invoice of cloths, said coin to be delivered on the production of certain receipts by a special agent sent by Major Winnemore, assistant quartermaster."

Signed by the Count Mejan.

This is the substance of it as near as I can remember. The receipt was signed by the French consul. I can"t say how much he knew about the transaction. He must have known about it from the receipt. Matters went on for two months, and finally the French consul felt uneasy about it and was anxious to get the gold away, and the receipts were exchanged-the one above for a new one. The house or the consul asked for the exchange. Mr. Menard had charge of the transaction. This receipt, marked E and B. F. B. was given me for the old one described above, and afterward another receipt was given also. That is the paper marked F and B. F. B. which was receipted in July upon the final settlement. No entry was made on the books upon the final settlement when the gold left the French consul. This $405,000 was borne on the books as a loan to the Confederate Government, and so appears now, Mr. Menard at one time acting president of the bank, was the principal man in this business. I took the oath of allegiance September 20. I can"t

