
say why I think it was in July that the money was paid over. I have no data by which I can say whether it was more or less than sixty days ago. De Bow's name did not figure at all in the receipt. I know that the French consul wanted to get the gold into the name of Frenchmen.

M. BELLY,

NEW ORLEANS, LA., November 14, 1862.

Personally appeared the above-named Mortimer Belly and [testified] under oath that the above statement by him subscribed is true.

WM. L. G. GREENE,

Lieutenant, Second Louisiana Volunteers, Aide-de-Camp,

Judge Provost Court.

Mr. Davis, president of the board, says:

I saw the papers E and F in July. These papers were delivered in July when the transaction was completed. I did not know that the intervening receipt was destroyed. I suppose the exchange was needed to alter the responsibility of the deposits. The original receipt was in the name of the bank. The money was held in trust for the bank. The money was transferred to Gautherin &amp; Co.; that is, the receipts were changed to their name. The bank had a contract to loan so much money or cotton to the Confederate Government.

Question. Why was it deposited in the name of the bank?

Answer. The idea was to move the coin. Most of the banks here sent their money into the Confederate States. The idea of the directors was to move the coin out of the bank and put it where they thought it would be safe.

There was nearly $800,000 sent, as I understood, to the French consulate. So far as this &405,000 was concerned I could not control it. Mr. Gautherin or his partners came several times about it. The French consul held the money for Gautherin & Co. when certain conditions were fulfilled.

Question. Did the consul object to returning the money?

Answer. To my knowledge I can"t say that any positive demand was made to him. I don"t know that he objected. Never heard it said that he did, in our bank.

Question. You say that you were controlled-overruled-in this matter; now, who controlled you?

Answer. The directory. My own sense of justice to the stockholders was to have the money returned, or rather never to let it go. I am of rather a yielding temper, and I yielded to the transaction as I found it and let it go. Nobody controlled me, positively. In the completion of the transaction I was there and acted with the rest. I was forced by the transactions by which I was surrounded. The other $400,000 was returned and $80,000 was sold to relieve the necessities of the bank. That I opposed. I don"t know who it was sold to. It was sold at 26 or 28 per cent. premium. Our circulation has been reduced by that amount.

This $405,000 transaction was closed up in July. I am sure it was in July from the length of time that has passed. Mr. Menard was one of the directors, and he went with the papers, and knowing these gentlemen, and knowing Mr. Du Prasien, Menard was really acting president of the bank at the time. There was no vote of the directors of the bank of the subject. Mr. Harrell, Mr. Menard, and Mr. Moulton were present, and I believe no other director, when the transaction was completed.

True copy from my original notes.

WM. L. G. GREENE,

Lieutenant, Second Louisiana Volunteers, Aide-de-Camp.

P.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, November 14, 1862.

Memorandum of a statement made by Mortimer Belly, cashier of the Bank of New Orleans, this day before Major-General; Butler in explanation of his statement made yesterday:

The first receipt was in substance as described by me yesterday. The French consul wishing to get the gold into the name of a French citizen, that receipt was given up and a new one made running directly to Gautherin & Co.

