
At the time the bank gave up its claim on the gold, and the settlement was made, the second receipt was given up and a new receipt, upon the invoice, was given, dated back to April 16.

At the same time the original invoice, signed by Captain Sharkey, the agent of the Confederate States, showing the delivery of the goods on the 22nd of June, was produced and a copy it is annexed to this statement.

M. BELLY

NEW ORLEANS, LA., November 14, 1862.

Personally appeared the above named Mortimer Belly and made oath to the statement above written.

WM. L. G. GREENE,

Judge Provost Court.

R.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, November 13, 1862.

Memorandum of the statement of Benjamin M. Harrell before the commanding general this day:

I was a director in the Bank of New Orleans in April last. I am the only director now here that was present when the loan of $400,000 was made to the Confederate Government. I do not know where the money was deposited or what was done with it. Receipts were to be given the bank upon certain goods being landed in Matamoras. The matter was never brought up in our board after you came here; I am sure of that. The cash capital of the bank was so for sterling. There was between $300,000 and $400,000, which was put under the protection of a foreign flag.

I never inquired or asked where the $400,000 went. That which we sold for sterling was under the control of the French consul; that came back when your order was issued. I never knew that the $400,000, was there. That matter was a contract completed. The receipts were given when the goods were delivered. That was since you came here, I have no doubtpts were given up I assented to the money being paid of course.

A correct transcript from my original notes.

WM. L. G. GREENE.

Lieutenant, Second Louisiana Volunteers, Aide-de-Camp.

X.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., July 29, 1861

ED. GAUTHERIN &amp; CO:

Your proposition to supply cloth for the Army of the Confederate States is accepted.

The Quartermaster's Department agrees to receive and pay for 175,000 yards of sample C, 150,000 yards of sample D, and 50,000 yards of sample B.

The color of B and C to be cadets" gray, and the texture fully to equal the samples.

B to be six-quarters wide, at $2.55 a yard.

C to be six-quarters wide, at $1.97 1/2 a yard.

D to be three-quarters wide, at 18 cents a yard.

The understanding between yourselves and the department is that the above must be delivered between the 15th of November next and the 15th of January, 1862, sooner if possible, the delivery to be at a port of the Confederacy as near the city of Richmond as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. M. SMITH,

Major and Assistant Quartermaster.

