
VIRGINIA, to wit:

I, John Letcher, Governor of the State aforesaid, do hereby certify and make known unto all whom it may concern, that James B. M. Smith, whose name is subscribed to the document annexed, is, and was at the time of subscribing the same, major and quartermaster of the Confederate States of America, authorized to make contracts for the purchase of supplies for the Army of the Confederate States, that his signature is genuine,and that to his official acts full faith, credit, and authority are due and ought to be given.

In testimony whereof I have subscribed my name and caused the great seal of the State to be affixed hereunto.

Done at the city of Richmond the thirtieth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and of the Commonwealth the eighty-sixth.

JOHN LETCHER.

By the Governor:

GEO. W. MUMFORD,

Secretary of the Commonwealth.

[Indorsement.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 30, 1861

Presented at the French consulate for verification, of the State of Virginia, affixed to the preceding papers.

ALFRED PAUL,

Consul of France.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, November 12., 1862.

Memorandum of a conversation this day between the commanding general and Alfred Le More and Jules Le More of the firm of Edward Gautherin &amp; Co. of New Orleans:

ALFRED LE MORE, being examined, apart, the following conversation took place:

General BUTLER. You are of the firm of Gautherin & Co.?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. G. L. Moore & Co., of Havre, are your correspondents?

Answer. And brothers also.

Question. G. L. Moore & Co., of Havre, are your correspondents?

Answer. And brothers also.

Question. At some time were you in treaty purchasing, a large quantity of goods at Verviers?

Answer. I wish to ask one question. Do we appear here as accused?

The GENERAL. You are, through the Secretary of State of the United States, of having been engaged in this traffic with the Confederates.

LE MORE. Then I have nothing to answer.

The GENERAL. You may answer or go to prison.

Afterward the following question was put:

Question. The question I put to you is this: Have you been engaged in purchasing cloths or clothing at Verviers, through your agents, for the supply of the rebel army? Now, you may answer that or not, just as you please.

Answer. I have not-myself.

