
Question. Have you been engaged in any way, directly, in any form in buying any clothing in Verviers for which drafts are now due and out?

Answer. I don"t want to answer that question.

The party protested that he did not hold himself bound to answer to the extent of criminating himself.

Sent to Fort Pickens until further orders.

JULES LE MORE, called.

Question. You are of the firm of Ed. Gautherin &amp; Co., doing business in New Orleans?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. G. L. Moore & Co. are your correspondents at Havre?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Has your house been directly or indirectly engaged in buying goods at Verviers, in Belgium-have you been concerned, or your house, in buying goods there?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Has your house been so engaged?

Answer. I don"t know anything about it as I have not been here for fifteen months. I came here in the Cardenas two months since. I had been in Havana twelve months.

Question. Has any clothing been shipped to you from Europe?

Answer. I don"t know anything about it.

Question. Have any goods been shipped by you from New York to Havana?

Answer. I cannot answer that question.

Ordered to be confined in Fort Jackson.

A correct transcript from my original notes.

WM. L. G. GREENE,

Lieutenant, Second Louisiana Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, November 13, 1862.

Memorandum of the statement of Etienne Nicholas Montardier before Major-General Butler this day:

I am bookkeeper in the house of Ed. Gautherin & Co., 28, Canal street, and have been so employed over four years. The partners are Edward Guatherin, Alfred and Jules Le More. Alfred is the older of the two. When I was first with them they used to buy tobacco for the contractor of the French Government. They had been so doing two years; since then they have been shipping cotton to Europe for joint account with other parties. They were also engaged in the tobacco business at the same time. They had no other regular business. Their correspondents at Havre were J. R. Le More & Co. - Le More's brother- but I believe J. R. Le More is alone in that firm. I know something of the house being engaged in trade in military clothing. It was an outside transaction in which the three partners and two other persons were engaged. No entry was entered in the books as the business was going except after the money was received. Colonel Le Mat I have not seen for some time and don"t know whether he is here or in Europe. The other man concerned is Jules Des Martines. I don"t believe Mr. Pretat had any contract with the Confederate Government. He was in Richmond and acted as the friend of Gautherin and

