
the partners. I was sent to Richmond about four or five days before the Federals came to New Orleans. I staid there about ten or twelve days. I got back here May 27.

Gautherin &amp; Co. and the partners undertook to sell cloth to the Confederate Government for a certain price. There was something like 500 or 600 bales. There were two lots, one amounting to $405,000; the other lot has never been delivered. It is or was in Havana. It was consigned to Ferran & Dupierris, I believe. The first lot was delivered a little before I started for Richmond. Mr. Gautherin was at Matamoras with the vessel about two or three weeks before April 23, and then went back to Havana with the cloth; afterward he went to Matamoras again, and the cloth was shipped in several small vessels. I know the cloth was shipped because Ed. Gautherin & Co. got a receipt from some Confederate officer for it. I don"t know where the receipt is. Mr. Le More used to keep all those things to himself, sometimes in a private safe, sometimes in a box. The box was kept at the French consulate. He used to send for that four or five times a week. They got the money two months or six weeks ago by some agreement with one of the banks of New Orleans. It was in gold. The money was loaned by the bank of New Orleans to the commissioner and was deposited in the hands of the French consul about fifteen days b here. I did not meet Count Mejan in Richmond. I do not know of any money being paid to the count-none to himself. There was some $400 or $500 paid for keeping the gold. I know that there was money paid to Kossuth, the clerk of the French consul, for keeping this money. There is in the account you see something charged for a present for Madame Mejan. It was really only $13; that charge of $153 charged for it is a forced account to show to somebody. There was no intention to bribe the consul. Alfred Le More said he did not know why he should not have charged it to the firm instead of paying it himself. I saw the Count Mejan since 12 o"clock yesterday. I had no conversation with him on this subject. It is charged $153. There is a book where the real account is entered. I made these accounts (two accounts marked A and B. F. B. and B and B. F. B.) This false entry was made to show Baron Selliere, whose agent they were. The last time we settled the whole affair we made an entry on the books. We make only a whole entry at last-not as the affair goes Numbers These two accounts, marked A and B, were made out by Alfred Le More and copied by the young man under the direction of A. Le More and myself, and copies were given to the other partners, of the firm. Robert, the lawyer has an office in Commercial Place. He is now in Havana. The Count Mejan must have known about the transaction. I have never heard him talk about it but he must have known something about it. He must have known from where he received the money. I think it was deposited in the name of De Bow. At any rate, it was Mr. De Bow that paid for this, but I didn"t know much about this business. They kept it to themselves and I only know what they could not help to let me know.

Question. What did you say to the French consul yesterday?

Answer. I had something to do about my papers- my certificate. As I knew Mr. Le More had been taken away, I asked him if I would be well protected by my papers. He told me I was all right; that I was a French subject.

Question. Was not something said about this transaction between you and somebody in the consulate yesterday?

Answer. No, sir. Yesterday I saw Mr. Kossuth. He told me about this affair, that Mr. Le More had been taken up.

Question. Was not something said about Mrs. Mejan and the present?

Answer. No, sir. I said to Kossuth, it is put down in the account

that you have received $400 or $500; that was all that was said.

Question. Did you say anything to Mejan about it?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Where did you meet Kossuth?

Answer. In the evening at this house. I said to him, Mr. Kossuth, you must remember that the account has been made, that you are put down for $500 and some dollars. He said it was all right. For hundred and five thousand dollars was paid into the French consulate for the first lot. Nothing was paid in for the second lot, as it never was delivered. I have been in this country since March, 1849. I came to New Orleans in March 1851. We borrowed some money, $50 of the French consul in Richmond.

E. N. MONTARDIER.

