
ALBANY, May 26, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch dated at midnight was received at 2.20 o"clock this morning. Seven or eight militia regiments, ranging from 400 to 600, are ready to go, but will in many cases need uniforms. Shall these be uniformed and sent, or does later information render it unavoidable to send militia regiments now? Seventh Militia and Fifth Volunteer Artillery will leave to-night.

E. D. MORGAN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 26,1 862.

Governor MORGAN,

Albany, N. Y.:

Send on all the militia regiments. Colonel Vinton, quartermaster at New York, has been directed to answer your requisitions; also the commissary has received the same directions.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

NEW YORK, May 26, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: The strength of the militia regiments under marching orders from this city can be increased by volunteers if uniforms can be issued to them. Colonel Vinton says he needs his instructions from the Quartermaster-General. He does not feel at liberty to issue clothing or equipage to militia regiments without special orders in every instance emanating from him. Please send him the necessary instructions. The clothing is required for troops to move to-morrow.

THOS. HILLHOUSE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 26, 1862.

Honorable DAVID TODD,

Columbus, Ohio:

We want as many troops as you can raise in the State for the term of three years, or during the war, or for any other term, not less than three months, according as you can raise them quickest.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[MAY 26, 1862.]

Governor DAVID TOD,

Columbu, Ohio:

Can you send forward rapidly a force along the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to Cumberland? The enemy occupy Martinsburg. We hold Harper's Ferry. I can furnish arms. Might not a temporary force be organized to guard the prisoners and relieve the force now on that duty at Camp Chase?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

