
FRANKFORT, KY., November 14, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We are raising nine-month's men in lie of draft, encouraging principally among those whose homes have been desolated by the rebels. It will be an act of humanity to permit them to be paid one month's advanced pay, and to be mustered in as soon as a company is received, and to let quartermaster's, medical, ordnance, and commissary stores be drawn for them while organizing, as provided for by paragraph Numbers 4, General Orders, Numbers 75, of July 8, 1862. Many of the families of these people are to-day in want. I earnestly entreat you to do all that can be legally done for them.

JAMES F. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kentucky.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 14, 1862.

Ordered, That Brigadier-General Hamilton, Military Governor of Texas, be, and he is hereby, authorized to raise and muster into the service of the United States two regiments of Texas Volunteers, to be organized according to the rules and regulations of the service, and when raised to be under his command, unless otherwise directed by the military commander or by this Department.

General Hamilton is also authorized to appoint and commission provisionally the line and staff officers of said regiments,making report of his proceedings to this Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 14, 1862.

Brigadier-General HAMILTON,

Military Governor of Texas:

SIR: The commission you have received expresses on its face the nature and extent of the duties and power devolved on you by the appointment of Military Governor of Texas.

Instructions have been given to Major-General Banks to aid you in the performance of your duty and the exercise of your authority. He has also been instructed to detail an adequate military force for the special purpose of a Governor's guard, and to act under your directions.

It is obvious to you that the great purpose of your appointment is to re-establish the authority of the Federal Government in the State of Texas and to provide the means of maintaining peace and security to the loyal inhabitants of that State until they shall be able to establish a civil government. Upon your wisdom and energetic action much will depend in accomplishing that result. It is not deemed necessary to give any specific instruction, but rather to confide in your sound discretion to adopt such measures as circumstances may demand. Specific instructions will be given when requested.

You may rely upon the perfect confidence and full support of the Department in the performance of your duties.

With respect, I am, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

