
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 14, 1862.

Major-General BANKS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: I have the pleasure of presenting to you Brigadier-General Hamilton who has been appointed Military Governor of Texas, with orders to report to and be subject to your direction.

The nature and extent of Governor Hamilton's authority and jurisdiction are expressed in his commission, which will be exhibited to you. Between him and yourself the President expects cordial co-operation for the restoration of the authority of the Federal Government.

The province of Governor Hamilton is to re-establish and maintain, under military form the functions of civil government, until the loyal inhabitants of Texas shall be able to assert their constitutional rights and privileges. In order to maintain peace and enforce respect, the Governor must be supported by a sufficient military force, to be detailed by you from your command, and report to him and act under his direction.

You will please detail such force as may be adequate for this purpose, to be designated as a governor's guard, and to be commanded by a competent officer. You will also at all times, upon the Governor's requisition, support his authority and enforce his orders by a military force competent for the occasion.

The well-known patriotism and discretion for which the Governor and yourself are distinguished render it superfluous to give any further general instructions. The President expects from your harmonious and intelligent action the most favorable results.

With great respect, I am, yours, &c.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, November 15, 1862.

General Order respecting the observance of the Sabbath day in the Army and Navy.

The President, Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, desires and enjoins the orderly observance of the Sabbath by the officers and men in military and naval service. The importance for man and beast of the prescribed weekly rest, the sacred rights of Christian soldiers and sailors, a becoming deference to the best sentiment of a Christian people, and a due regard for the Divine will, demand that Sunday labor in the Army and Navy be reduced to the measure of strict necessity.

The discipline and character of the national forces should not suffer nor the cause they defend the imperiled, by the profanation of the day or name of the Most High. At this time of public distress adopting the words of Washington in 1776, "men may find enough to do in the service of God and their country without abandoning themselves to vice and immorality." The first general order issued by the Father of his Country after the Declaration of Independence indicates the spirit in which our institutions were founded and should ever be defended: "The general hopes and trusts that every officer and man will endeavor to live and act as becomes a Christian soldier defending the dearest rights and liberties of his country."

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

