
JUDGE-ADVOCATE'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 15, 1862.

Applications having been made by ladies to go to their friends and families in the South, notice is hereby given that all applicants must make a written statement to this office, verified by oath, between this date and the 16th day of December next, setting forth; (1) The name, age, and residence of the applicant. (2) The date when she came within the military lines of the United States; for what purpose and where she has since resided. (3) The place she desires to go to, and the purpose or object thereof. The persons to whom leave may be granted will be sent with suitable escort from Washington to the lines of the U. S. forces in Virginia, with such personal effects as shall be allowed to pass. No person will be allowed to take more than one trunk or package of female wearing apparel, weighing not over 100 pounds, and subject to inspection; and any attempt or effort to smuggle contraband property will forfeit the same and subject the party to imprisonment during the war.

L. C. TURNER,

Major and Judge-Advocate.

WASHINGTON, November 15, 1862

Major-General BANKS,

Astor House, New York City:

If there is transportation at hand, the regiments of Parker and of Corcoran's brigade will be sent now; if not, they must wait for another convoy. There is no time to be lost, and you must move immediately with what troops you can get ready. The co- operating column is nearly prepared. Delay may disarrange the plan. Moreover, this fine weather must not be lost.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NEW YORK, N. Y., November 15, 1862

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch in cipher received 1.45 p.m. We are making every possible exertion to expedite our departure. No delay will occur that is not compelled by the necessity of waiting for the organization of the artillery.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 15, 1862.

GOVERNOR OF KENTUCKY,

Frankfort, Ky.:

I am directed to acknowledge the reception of your telegram of yesterday and to state that the law will not allow the payment of the advance pay to the persons mentioned by you.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM.

Brigadier-General, Acting Inspector-General.

