
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 15, 1862.

GOVERNOR OF KENTUCKY,

Frankfort, Ky.:

The Secretary of War directs me to say he will receive the volunteers mentioned in your telegram of yesterday by companies or regiments as fast as properly organized.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM.

Brigadier-General, Acting Inspector-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., November 15, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

My instructions are to receive substitutes on the day of muster, but not thereafter, unless the substitutes enters on old regiment for the long term. This meets the approbation of the Governor and provides for every case of seeming hardship. I have just been showing your instructions to Governor Curtin to permit drafted men already mustered to furnish substitutes to include the 24th instant, and to allow all not yet mustered ten days after muster to furnish them. My opinion is that these instructions will retard the organization now going on and create delay in collecting the delinquents. I should be pleased to receive some modification of these orders. It is important that provost-marshals should be appointed to collect all the absentees. I understand a list of names has been furnished. The purchase of horses for the cavalry regiments in progressing satisfactorily-about 200 daily.

L. THOMAS.

Adjutant-General

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 15, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS, Harrisburg:

You are authorized to change the order in respect to substitutes in whatever respect may be best for the service, not extending time. You were directed to take such measures as would bring the force into the field in the shortest period. Addison Stockton, of Pittsburg, was authorized to raise a regiment of cavalry, to be commanded by him if approved by the Governor. Recently I have heard that there is some objection to him. The approval of the Governor was an express condition of the authority, and the Governor will exercise his discretion.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 16, 1862.

Major-General BANKS,

Astor House, New York City:

I fear I have not made myself understood. It is the wish of the War Department that the Fort Monroe expedition should not wait for that from New York. They have separate convoys and can go separately.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

50 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

