
Canadas in winter, within their own limits, impracticable, which can only be effectually done by means of a line of communication which will enable us to reach the valley of the Saint John.

In this connection the important fact should not be overlooked that a railway thus constructed will be worth its entire cost, and more, in its effect in developing the resources of that portion of the country.

I cannot conclude this communication without again recurring to the danger which threatens, and the importance of being fully prepared, in the manner proposed, to repel successfully any invasion of our Northeastern territory; a preparation which, if made, will be the most effectual guarantee against such an invasion being attempted.

The real intentions of the English Government are apparent in the manner in which their relations with this country are discussed in their leading public journals in England and in the provinces. In a late number of one of their periodicals is an article on the "Defense of Canada," in which one is at loss which to condemn most, the unfriendly spirit thatement of facts in relation to past negotiations upon our international boundaries. This article assumes, most confidently, that the two nations will be at war in the year 1863. In one of their quarterlies and in Colburn's New Monthly are articles of a similar general character. All of these are calculated, if not designed, to prepare the British mind for the event predicted, and, in connection with the recent action of the provincial authorities, conclusively show that they deem the occurrence of the event certain. The alacrity with which the comparatively insignificant affair of the Trent was seized upon as a sufficient cause of war speaks volumes in support of this conclusion. If other evidence is needed of hostile intention toward us it may be found in the published remarks of the British colonial secretary relative to an ultimate probable necessity. The promulgation by so distinguished a statesman of an idea which we know can never have a practical existence, if we are not interfered with by other powers, is full of meaning to those who are apt in translating the giving out of so shrewd a diplomatist as Lord John Russell, and, when coupled with the remarks lately made at New Orleans by one of the recently returned rebel emissaries from abroad, can only be construed as evidence of an antagonistic position in the future.

The extraordinary liberality of the State of Maine in offering to advance the means required for the purpose of obtaining the protection recommended is an assurance that the people of that State (who are better situated than those of other portions of the Union for learning and understanding the views and intentions of the British government) realize fully the danger that threatens.

The bill introduced into Congress by Senator Morrill, of Maine, asking for Government aid for the purpose named above, is simple in its details and practical. It vests in the President a discretion which, from his known character, the nation will feel confident will be exercised forsts of the count no more than is due to the chief of our military force. It gives to him a power which seems to be needful at this time to check a threatened encroachment by a nation whose past history is replete with repeated aggressions upon the rights of others-a nation which has been treated by us with uniform justice, and toward which our own conduct has been invariably such as to afford no sufficient ground of offense.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

EDWIN F. JOHNSON.

