
After every battle and every considerable march great numbers of horses are turned into the depots as disabled, and urgent requisitions are made upon the department for remounts as essential to the efficiency of the troops. Of the disabled horses many die; many prove on inspection to be incapable of recovering in such time as to be worth the expense of keeping them; these are sold. Those which, by good feeding and careful attention, can be recruited are kept in the depots and issued for use in the army when again fit for the service.

WAGONS.

During the fiscal year over 20,000 wagons were purchased and issued to the various armies.

The greater part of these wagons are built after a model adopted by the Quartermaster's Department some years since and long used in the service of the Western wilderness. Their severe trial in the late campaigns and marches has shown that they are strong and durable and well adapted to the purposes of army transportation.

AMBULANCES.

About 2,500 ambulances were purchased and issued by the principal officers of the department during the fiscal year.

It is the duty of the Quartermasters" Department to provide these vehicles, which are to be made after models adopted by the Medical Department.

The models in use before the outbreak of war proved too light and frail for service and have been condemned. The ambulance first made in Wheeling appears to have most nearly met the requirements of the service, and lately large numbers of these have been constructed. Other models are under considerartment, and a few ambulances have been ordered from these models for trial in actual service.

MEDICAL TRANSPORT CARTS.

The model established for this use before this war has failed in service. On the requisition of the Medical Department a number of wagons with dispensing cases and operating tables, designed by Mr. Autenreith, have been constructed and are in use. Other styles are under consideration by the medical authorities. In the meantime medical stores are generally transported either in the common army baggage wagons or in the ambulances.

The appropriations for transportation for the fiscal year were $53,101,954; that for cavalry and artillery horses $17,075,540.

TENTS, BARRACKS, AND QUARTERS.

The scarcity of cotton has very much increased the cost of tents. The number provided during the year has been stated in another part of this report.

The Sibley tents provided during the year could accommodate 635,880 men.

The common tents could accommodate 353,675 men.

The shelter tents could accommodate 171,312 men.

In addition to these, large quantities of blanket tents have been issued.

