
The introduction of this system into our Army would greatly diminish its cost, and be increasing its mobility increase its efficiency.

HOSPITALS.

It is the duty of the Quartermaster's Department, in consultation with the Medical Department, to provide the hospitals for the sick and wounded. With so large an army actively operating the number of swatch and wounded has been very large. It has ben difficult to provide for their accommodation. It has been necessary to erect a great number of hospitals in great haste to prevent great suffering. At one time the department employed in the transportation of the sick from the Army of the Potomac alone a fleet of seven powerful steamers and three large sailing ships. The churches of Washington and Georgetown and many public halls, seminaries, and hospitals in different cities have been taken and fitted up as hospitals. In addition to these the temporary barracks and stables occupied last winter by the army encamped around Washington have been fitted for the reception of the sick and wounded. There have also been constructed in the District of Columbia, at Point Lookout, at Fortress Monroe, at Baltimore, Cumberland, Frederick, Philadelphia, New York, Portsmouth Grove, at Gallipolis, Evansville, and other points on the Western rivers, extensive hospitals. One at Philadelphia, containing nearly 3,000 beds, is one of the largest in the world.

The new buildings are constructed of wood, upon plans furnished by the Surgeon-General. They were generally built during the warm season, in urgent haste, to provide for the shelter of thousands of sick and wounded victims to the campaign, and they have required extensive alterations in order to fit them for use during winter.

The number of men sheltered in hospitals provided by the department has probably, at times, been nearly 100,000. During the warm season many of them were treated in camps of hospital tents, and it has not even yet been possible to provide better protection for all who need it. There are still several hospital camps in the District of Columbia.

CLOTHING.

When the rebellion first compelled the Government to call out a large force, the stock of clothing on hand in the arsenals, being intended only for the supply of the Regular Army, about 13,000 strong, was inconsiderable. The manufacture of cloth and materials the stock occupied but few of the factories of the country, and the stock of clothing and material was at once exhausted. there was great difficulty in supplying the large force suddenly raised. The organization of this department did not furnish enough officers of experience to provide and distribute to all parts of the country the necessary supplies. The mills, which were at once set to work upon army goods, could not manufacture fast enough to clothe the troops. There was a great scarcity of suitable blankets and army cloths and undergarments.

The troops being received generally through the State authorities, these authorities were engaged to assist the department in providing the necessary supplies. Large importations were made by merchants, and the goods thus imported were bought by the State authorities and by the Quartermaster's Department, and manufactured by contract or in the establishment of the department into clothing. As the cold

