
weather approached the troops in some cases for a time suffered for want of overcoats and blankets. Under these circumstances, and to supply the immediate and abes of the suffering troops, large quantities of such materials as could be found in the market in the hands of dealers and manufactures-materials manufactured for the ordinary clothing of the people-were purchased and made up. In some cases these articles were redyed, of the uniform coloreds, light and dark indigo blue, but the greater part of the gray, brown, and black cloths purchased were made up in those colors. For a time they were gladly received, and they prevented much suffering, but these materials were inferior to the army standard goods. When the troops came in contact with the enemy on thickly wooded fields mistakes occurred. The rebel forces were generally clothed in gray, and our own troops in some cases fired into each other. This caused orders to be issued, both by the Eastern and Western commanders, prohibiting the issue or use of clothing of any but the established uniform colors, light and dark blues.

As fast as uniform clothing could be obtained the irregular clothing was withdrawn from service. A great prejudice now exists against it, and the department has been the subject of unjust criticism for its action in the matter. The material was undoubtedly inferior to the excellent army cloths, and in making the immense purchases required the officers of the department were in some cases imposed upon by unscrupulous dealers and unfaithful inspectors. But the troops were clothed and rescued for severe suffering, and those saw sentinels waking post about the capital of the United States in freezing weather in their drawers, without trousers or overcoats, will not blame the department of its efforts to clothe them, even in materials not quite so durable as army blue kersey.

There is still on hand a considerable stock of this clothing, which it has been thought better to kept in store than to sacrifice at auction. It is used for gratuitous issue to soldiers in hospital, who have lost their clothing in consequence of wounds or disease. Some of it has been issued to prisoners of war in distress, both rebel prisoners and our own men released on parole, and some of it to negroes employed in the army. In time it can all be disposed of in these modes, and in the chances of war it ise of irregular clothing may yet prove of value to some portion of the armies in the field.

The principal depots for the purchase and manufacture of clothing have been at Philadelphia, under charge of Colonel G. H. Crosman, assistant quartermaster-general; at New York, under charge of Lieutenant Colonel D. H. Vinton, deputy quartermaster-genera; with a branch at Boston, under Captain W. W. McKim, assistant quartermaster of volunteers; at Cincinnati, under Captain J. H. Dickerson, assistant quartermaster; at Louisville, under Colonel Thomas Swords, assistant quartermaster-general; at Indianapolis, under Captain J. A. Ekin, assistant quartermaster of volunteers; at Saint Louis, under Colonel Robert Allen, quartermaster; at Detroit, under Captain G. W. Lee, assistant quartermaster of volunteers; at Springfield, Illinois, under Captain W. H. Bailhache, assistant quartermaster of volunteers.

The quantities of clothing and materials and of camp and garrison equipage on hand on the 30th of June in the principal depots are given in a tabular statement accompanying this report.

About 620,000 suits of coats and trousers were at that time on hand, with some 3,000,000 yards of uniform cloth. The stock of

