
In battle the losses of our equipment have been very large. Knapsacks are piled, overcoats, and other clothing thrown off, and, whether victorious or defeated, the regiments seem seldom to recover the property thus laid aside.

The appropriations made upon estimates of the regulation allowance for regular soldiers have proved insufficient for the clothing and equipment of the Volunteer Army, and large estimates of deficiencies have therefore become necessary. The total appropriation for clothing and camp and garrison equipage for the fiscal year was $54,589,983.79.

MILITARY BRIDGES.

When a portion of the Army was operating in the mountain region of Virginia calls were made upon this department for equipage of bridges suited to mountain streams.

With a view to providing a very light and portable bridge equipage for transportation over mountain roads, I caused to be prepared three complete sets of equipment for the construction of suspension bridges of wire rope.

This equipage is suitable for bridging streams with steep and high banks. The cables can also be used with advantage, iort scaffolding in the repair of railroad bridges with high piers of masonry, when, as is usually the case, the piers have not been destroyed with the bridge.

Upon the Shanandoah and the Rappahannock these bridges have been used bring the present campaign.

OFFICERS OF THE DEPARTMENT.

To the officers of this department are committed most important duties, the proper discharge of which requires zeal, integrity, industry, and intelligence of a high order, and which involve heavy pecuniary responsibility.

More than one captain in the Quartermaster's Department disburses millions annually, and has on his rolls the names of thousands of persons.

The purchase of forage, horses, and other supplies for the Army involves vast expenditure, in which, with the greatest attention and industry, there is a liability to error and pecuniary loss.

Some of those officers who have had the most responsible stations and the most laborious duties are still in the rank of captains, while their companious, who have served no longer and not more faithfully or more usefully in the war, have received promotion. I called attention in the last annual report of this department to the subject, and I again remind you of the claims of these deserving public servants.

House bill Numbers 523, which passed the House of Representatives on the 9th of July last, and which is among the unfinished business of the Senate, provided for a much-needed increase in the Quartermaster's Department, which would at the same time give the reward of promotion to several of its experienced and faithful officers. It is very desirable that this bill should become a law. Such services as have been rendered by the officers of this department deserve recognition and acknowledgment.

Upon the faithful and able performance of the duties of the quartermaster and army depends for its ability to move. the least neglect or want of capacity on his part may foil the best concerted measures and make the best planned campaign impracticable. The services of

