
after the commencement of hostilities the rush to arms was such that the manufacturers of the country, not having yet turned their machinery upon army goods, were unable to supply clothing fast enough. There was some suffering for want of overcoats and warm blankets at the opening of the last winter, and some troops occupying positions in the center of the Allghanies, when cold and rains made the roads impracticable, where no forage was to be found for horses or mules, suffered for a time from want of necessary clothing. Great exertions, in which the department received valuable aid from the Governors of some of the States, overcame this difficulty after a time, and since then there has been no call which has not been promptly met.

Much difficulty has been feared in dealing with the colored population in the Southern States. Thus far this department has not been oppressed with them. In the field operations in Virginia the supply of able-bodied negro labor has not exceeded the demand. It has rather been difficult to fill the requisitions for such labor.

Upon fortifications, as drivers of teams and ambulances, as hostlers, as laborers in the Quartermaster's Department, repairing railroads and military roads, all who have offered have found ready employment.

The labor of able-bodied men, with that of women able to wash for the hospitals, has supported all who have come directly under charge of this department upon the Potomac.

At Harrison's Landing a body of 1,000 negroes, organized by Colonel Ingalls into gangs, were most effective in landing stores from the transports, bearing fatigue and exposure in that unhealthy climate much longer than the white soldiers and laborers, who soon broke down alongside of them. Their assistance was there of the greatest value to the army.

On the southeastern coast large numbers of them were employed by the Quartermaster's Department in the necessary labor of the posts. This left the more costly soldier to his purely military duties, and enabled him to preserve his health and acquire that proficiency in drill and the use of arms which has made the troops of the Department of the South so efficient on every field.

Much of the crop of cotton standing in the fields of the sea islands, captured by the expedition under General Sherman and Admiral Du Pont, was saved by the labor of negroes, to whom a small compensations was given; and during the past season those not employed directly by the department have cultivated, under the direction of agents of the Treasury, and lately of the Quartermaster's Department, several thousands of acres in cotton, corn, and vegetables.

The cotton first saved was sent to New York and sold by the Quartermaster's Department. The Treasury Department at a subsequent period taking charge of this business, the proceeds of the sale were transferred to that Department, under whose direction the later sales were made.

The Quartermaster's Department has filled some requisitions for clothing and supplies for these people, but the demands upon its stores have not been large.

At Key West the negro laborers have been of great value in the work of the department, and indeed at all points of the coast they have been a much needed aid to its operations.

From New Orleans the chief quartermaster of the Department s were flocking into the lines in such numbers as to threaten serious embarrassment. He estimated that by Christmas there would be nearly, if not quite, 50,000 refugees with

