
the lines. As the whites themselves of New Orleans, owing to the strict blockade of the rebels at Vicksburg and the absence of the able-bodied men in the ranks of the rebellion, were in a state of destitution which compelled the general commanding to feed many thousands at the expense of the Government, this threatened a grave difficulty.

He was advised that the only resource appeared to be the conquest of a greater territory upon which these refugees could be located and permitted to cultivate their own food.

There was at that time but little land suited for such a purpose withing secure possession of the army. The expedition organized by General Butler and sent out under command of General Weitzel, which has recovered possession of some of the finest lands in Louisiana, extending for eighty miles along the railroad to Berwick's Bay, has, however, opened a country of sufficient extent to afford the means of living to all such persons who may not find profitable employment in the service of the United States.

A rich crop of can is reported to be decaying for want of labor, which the refugees in New Orleans, if properly governed, can at once supply, and the cultivation of the soil will afford them occupation and sustenance.

I am informed by Colonel Shaffer, chief quartermaster of the Department of the Gulf, that many troops, both white and black, are now being raised in Louisiana for the United States. Some or them did service in co-operating with General Weitzel's expedition, which has resulted in breaking up an important route of supply for the rebellion and recovering a valuable district to the Union.

In Southwestern Tennessee and in Northern Mississippi it is reported that as the army under General Grant advances large numbers of refugees flock into his lines in search of protection and freedom. The crops stand ungathered, and he has ordered them to be employed in picking the cotton, which is ready for harvest.

At 60 cents per pound their labor will not prove unremunerative, and the Government can well afford to secure this much needed staple at the wages-$10 a month and a ration-established by the law of July 17, 18620.

An expedition destined to break up some of the salt-works which line the rivers and bays of Georgia and South Carolina has lately shown, on a small scale, that some at least of the refugees of the South can do good service as soldiers. A small five traversed many miles of river and coast, destroyed many salt-works and a large number of teams and wagons engaged in supplying the rebels, drove in the pickets and defeated the enemy wherever met, and returned with a result singular in this contest-the number of armed men engaged in it, notwithstanding some loss in cation, more than doubled before its return. The refugees readily entered the ranks of the loyal troops and fought at once for those who had given them liberty.

With all the people of the Southern States as united, through choice or military compulsion, as the whites are asserted to be, it might well be doubted whether so great a rebellion, extending over so vast a territory, could be put down. but, as in the great rebellion in India, the people are of more than one race, and the task before the country, if proper use is made here as there of the aid of all who are loyal, all who are willing to contend on our side will be lightened by their divisions.

The rebellion does not cover a wider territory; is not more barbarous and ferocious; is not supported by stronger prejudices of race and caste; does not embrace a greater or more united population; is

