
retain in his hands, until the completion of the contract, 25 per cent. on the amount of moneys at any time due to the said party of the first part.

The United States reserves the right to suspend the work under this contract at any time, and when the work has been faithfully performed by the contractor he will be paid in full for all work done up to the time of such suspension.

And it is further stipulated and agreed that no member of Congress shall be admitted to any share or part in this contract or agreement, or to any benefits to arise therefrom. And this contract shall be in all its parts subject to the terms and conditions of an act of Congress passed on the 21st day of April, 1808, entitled an act relating to public contracts: Provided, Nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to authorize any officer of the United States to bind the United States by contract beyond the amount appropriated by Congress, or to sanction any such contract heretofore made: Provided, also, That it is expressly understood and agreed that this contract, nor any part thereof, shall not be sublet nor assigned, but that it shall be well and truly carried out and fulfilled in good faith by the above-recited party of the first part, and that all payments on account thereof shall be made to the aforesaid party of the first part, his heirs, executors, or administrators. It is further agreed that the party of the second part shall immediately appoint a superintendent, whose duty shall be to inspect the material used in constructing said boats as the work progresses, and to reject all that he may been defective. If all of said boats are not built in one yard, then as assistant superintendent shall be appointed for each additional yard where the said boats may be in course of construction, provided there shall not be more than one superintendent to two boats. All extra work shall be estimated and paid for accordingly.

And for the true and faithful performance of all and singular the covenants, articles, and agreements hereinbefore particularly set forth, the subscribers hereunto bind themselves, jointly and severally, their and each of their successors, heirs, executors, and administrators.

Thus covenanted and agreed by the said parties this 7th day of August, in the year of our Lord 1861, as witness their hands and seals.

JAMES B. EADS.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

Witness:

WILLIAM A. GORDON.

WASHINGTON, August 7, 1861.

It is agreed and understood that no deviation from the specifications shall be required by the superintendents which will delay the party of the first part in completing his contract in the specified time.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

SPECIFICATION FOR BUILDING A GUN-BOAT.

The length on deck to be 175 feet; the extreme breadth to be fifty feet, and the depth of hold to be sic feet from the top of the floor timber to the top of gun-deck beams; to have seven feet clear height between decks under the beams.

52 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

