
the center of the boat, and one under each fore and aft bulkhead; they will be bolted through the keelson floor timber and keel with one bolt in each floor timber, driven on alternate edges of the keelsons and riveted upon rings under the keel. There will be two bilge strakes on each side of the boat six inches thick and twelve inches wide, to be bolted through the side in the same manner as the keelson, viz, one bolt in each timber, driven through and riveted on rings.

The clamps, or shelf pieces, upon which the gun-deck beams rest, will be made of two thicknesses of timber, each to be nine inches thick, to fit against the timbers under the beams, to be made square from the beams, and they will tape off to a feather edge two feet below the beams; they will be booted through the timbers and outside plank with one bolt in each timber, on alternate edges of the clamps, and riveted on rings on the clamps; bolts seven-eighths inch in diameter.

There will be one deck hook forward and two breast hooks, sided seven inches, and two deck hooks aft, of the same size, the arm not less than eight feet long, to be bolted through each timber with one bolt in each driven through from the outside and riveted on the hooks; bolts seven-eights inch diameter.

The boat will then be celled with 2-inch white-oak plank, fastened to the timbers with 5-inch spikes and called. The floors in wake of the engines will be filled in solid before ceiling is put on. The gun-deck beams will be ten inches square, placed four fleet from center to center, and bolted to the shelf pieces with three bolts in each end of each beam; the bolts will be seven- eighths inch diameter and two feet long.

A tier of fore and aft pieces, seven inches square, will be framed into and between the beams over the fore and aft bulkheads, let into the beams one inch; then a ledge six inches square will be framed into the fore and aft pieces and between every two beams. The gun-deck plank will be of yellow pine, four inches thick, if to be had; if not, white pine, to be four and one-half inches thick, will be substituted, spiked to the beams and ledges with spikes nine inches long; to be two spikes in each beam and one in each ledge; the strakes not to exceed eight inches wide.

The waterways of the gun-deck to be of white oak and made in two pieces, each to be ten inches square, the outside piece fitted against the timbers, and the inside piece fitted against it, the whole to be bolted in each frame, driven through from the outside and riveted upon the inside of the waterway on rings; the bolts through the waterway into the end of each beam.

The height of the port sills above the deck will be twenty-four inches, and the picketing above the waterways will be six inches thick, worked two strakes up to the port sills, chamfered off to three inches at top and made square with the beams below.

The plank above the port sills to be two and one-half inches thick and about six inches wide, put on inside and outside, fastened with 5 1/2-inch spikes. The beams of the upper deck to be seven inches square, to be placed two feet apart from center to center, to fit between the timbers and clamps with two bolts in each end. The upper-deck clamps will be four inches thick and nine inches wide. The upper-deck plank to be of white pine, two and one-half inches thick, fastened with 6-inch spikes, and called; plank not to exceed seven inches wide.

