
General thickness of steam chest, one-half inch.

Steam-chest cover, ten and three-fourths inches long by eight and three-fourths inches wide, and seven-eighths inch thick.

Slide valve, three inches long by three and one-fourth inches wide, three-eighths inch thick.

Recess in slide valve, two inches long by two inches wide; motion, one inch.

Slide-valve stem, three-fourths inch diameter for a distance of one foot on the valve end, then to swell to one inch the balance of the length. Length from center or wrist to outside nut on the back of valve, two feet eight and one-half inches wrought-iron finished.

Throttle or stop valve, one and one-fourth inches diameter.

Cylinder cover, thirteen and one-fourth inches diameter by seven- fourths inch thick; to be carefully fitted to the cylinder and the joints ground together.

Piston rod, one and three-fourth inches diameter and seven- eighths inch thick; length, end to end, three feet.

Piston, five inches deep, including follower; to be fitted up in good style, with metallic packing rings.

Bolts, Numbers 5, for holding bottom of cylinder, seven-eighths inch diameter by three-fourths inches long.

Bolts, Numbers 5, for holding top of cylinder, three-fourths inch diameter by three inches long.

Bolts, Numbers 2, for stuffing-box of cylinder, five-eighths inch diameter by four and three-fourths inches long.

Bolts, Numbers 6, for branches insidey cylinder, five-eighths inch diameter by four and three-fourths inches long.

Bolts, Numbers 3, for piston follower, three-fourths inch diameter by four and three-fourths inches long.

Bolts, Numbers 8, for steam chest, with collars, five-eighths inch diameter by five and one-half inches long, back of collar; thickness of collar five-sixteenth inch; five-eighths inch diameter by two and one-eighth inches long, front of collar.

Bolts, Numbers 2, for valve rod stuffing-box, one-half inch diameter by three and three-fourths inches long.

Distance from face to face of nozzle, fifteen inches; distance from center of cylinder to valve face, eight and one-half inches; distance from center of cylinder to center to valve stem, ten inches.

Rock-shaft.- Wrought-iron, finished all over. Length between journals, eighteen inches. Journals, one and five-eighth inches diameter; other, one and one-half inches diameter by two inches long. Short arm, wrought-iron, three inches from center; wrist, seven and one-eighth inches diameter by one inch long. Long arm, wrought-iron, seven and one-half inches from center to center; wrist, one and one-fourth inches diameter by one and one-fourth inches long.

Main link.- Length from center to center, thirteen and five- eighths inches; neck, one and one-half inches diameter. Journals, two inches diameter, two inches long, wrought-iron.

Center pin.- Three and three-fourths inches diameter, fifteen and three-fourths inches between journals, wrought-iron. Journals, three inches diameter, four and one-fourth inches long; the ends of the pins are three inches diameter, and long enough to attach bilge or five pumps.

Swivel pin for connecting rods, wrought-iron; swivel bearing, three and three-fourths inches diameter, and three-fourths inch long; pin, two and seven-eighths inches diameter; middle, one and three-fourths

