
inches diameter at ends; distance between journals, thirty-four and one-half inches. Journals, one and one-fourth inches diameter by one and one-half inches long.

Two connecting rods, wrought-iron, length from center, three feet four and three-eighths inches; diameter of necks, one and one- fourth inches; diameter in middle, one and five-eighths inches, finished; journals, one and one-fourth inches diameter, one and one-half inches long.

Two cranks, wrought-iron, ten inches from center to center; two and three-fourths inches bore for shaft, and bore corresponding with connecting-rod pins or wrists.

Fly-wheel shaft, wrought-iron, three and one-half inches diameter; between journals, sixteen and one-half inches; between cranks, twenty-eight and one-half inches; total length, thirty- four inches; journals, two and three-fourths inches diameter and three and one-half inches long.

Fly-wheel, four feet six inches diameter; three and one-half inches bore. Section of rim, seven and one-half inches by three and one-fourth inches. Cornice, five and one-half inches deep by one-half inch thick; bolts, one-half inch diameter.

Beam, fourteen inches deep in middle, and four inches wide at ends; width of upper and lower ribs, four inches; thickness, one inch; thickness of we, one inch; wrist for main link, two inches diameter by two inches long; bearing for swivel pin, three and three-fourths inches diameter by three and one-eighth inches long; bore for center pin, three and three-fourths inches diameter; bore for pump pins, two inches diameter.

Eccentrics, eight and one-half inches diameter; throw, two and one-half inches; bore, two and seven-eighths inches; thickness, one an done-fourth inches.

Eccentric rod, one inch diameter; length from center of eccentric to center of hook, seven feet four inches; hook for wrist, one and one-fourth inches diameter by one and one-fourth inches thick.

Cylinder columns.- Height, base to capital, four feet seven inches; total height, five feet one and one-fourth inches.

Square flange, at base, seven and one-fourth inches square. Column flange, at bottom, four and three-eighths inches in diameter; thickness at bottom, three-fourths inch; at top, five- eighths inch; diameter at top, three and one-half inches.

Distance from center of column to face of nozzle, two and one- half with stuffing-box for valve stem.

Cap, seven and one-half inches diameter and three-fourths inch thick, with four 5/8-inch bolts.

The exhaust column in plain on the outside. The guides for the cross-heads are two feet and one-fourth inch long by one inch thick.

Brackets for rock-shaft, from center of column to center of shaft, seven inches.

Journals-one, one and five-eighths inches; the other, one and one-half inches, and two inches long.

Holding bolts, eight in number, three-fourths inch in diameter, and two and one-half inches between hearnut. Bolts for valve caps, four in number, and five-eighths inch in diameter.

Fly-wheel shaft columns.- Height, from base to capital, three feet nine inches. Other dimensions for these column the same as for

