
cylinder columns. Brackets for shaft, center of column to center of journal, four and one-half inches.

Journals, two and three-fourths inches diameter and three and one-half inches long.

Eight holding bolts, three-fourths inch in diameter; two cap bolts for journals, one and one-eighth inches diameter.

Bed plate.- Length, seven feet eight inches; breadth, three feet five inches; height, four inches; general thickness, three- eighths inch.

Center distance of column across, twenty inches.

Center distance of pumps across, eighteen inches.

Center distance of main column to cylinder, three feet three inches.

Center distance of main column to shaft columns, two feet ten and one-half inches.

Center distance of main column to force and cold-watar pumps, two feet one-fourth inch.

Are of passages, 3 1/2-inch pipe, except the receiving passage to the cold-water pumps, which are 4 1/2-inch pipes. Stop valves are four inches diameter; chambers, nine and one-half inches diameter outside; six cap bolts for valve, three-fourths inch diameter.

Two main force-pumps.- Four and one-half inch plungers, 13-inch stroke; bottom flange, one inch thick. Plungers hollow, twenty- three inches long, one-half inch thick. Height of pump, twenty inches; outside diameter, seven and three-fourths inches; thickness, three-fourth inch.

Valve chamber, outside diameter seven inches; thickness, eleven- sixteenths inch.

Passage, three and one-half inches diameter; stems, three-fourths inch diameter, brass.

Receiving valve, two and one-half inches thick; delivery valve, one inch thick.

Seat, one and three-eighths inches deep, brass caps; lugs for bolts, one and one-fourth inches thick; twelve holding bolts, three-fourths inch diameter; stuffing-box bolts, four in number, one inch diameter; eight cap bolts, seven-eighths inch diameter.

Two force-pump rods.- Length, center to center, four feet one and three-fourths inches.

Diameter at necks, one and one-eighth inches; diameter at middle, one and one-half inches.

Journals, one and one-fourth inches by two inches upper end; one and one-fourth inches by one-fourth inch lower end.

A spade-handle wrist is screwed into bottom of plunger.

Two pump pins.- Each of these pins work a force-pump on one side of the beam and a cold-water pump on the other side.

Diameter of pin through the beam, two inches; distance between journals sixteen and one-fourth inches; journals, one and one- fourth inches in diameter by two inches long for force-pumps, and one and one-half inches for cold-water pumps.

Two cold-water pumps, 5 1/4-inch bore, 13-inch stroke.

These pumps are open topped, and have packed pistons; depth of piston, four and three-eighths inches; height of pump, two feet and one-fourth inch; thickness, one-half inch.

Diameter of valve chamber outside, six and one-half inches; thickness, one-half inch.

Passage, three and one-half inches diameter, one-half inch thick.

Delivery valve, three inches diameter; stem three-fourths inch diameter, brass.

