
INDIANAPOLIS, May 27, 1862.

General L. THOMAS:

A battalion of four companies of the Sixty-third Regiment, Colonel Williams, left for Washington last night. The Meigs battery left this morning with equipment complete.

W. R. HOLLOWAY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, May 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

I have respectfully to represent that on the receipt of your letter of instructions of May 19 [20], directing me to reinstate Colonel Weer, Lieutenant-Colonel Burris, Adjutant Phillips, and others, in their respective positions in the Third Kansas Regiment as now consolidated with the Fourth Regiment, and to assign the officers thus displaced to duty in other Kansas regiments when there were vacancies equal to their rank, I immediately dispatched Captain Moonlight, my assistant adjutant- general, to confer with Governor Robinson and ask his co- operation in carrying out the wishes of the War Department. A copy of my letter of instructions to Captain Moonlight is herewith inclosed, marked A. From the inclosed copy of Governor Robinson's letter to me, dated May 25, and marked B, you will observe that he not only refuses to co-operate in carrying out your instructions, but calls in question your authority to make such an order.

It is notorious that from the first attempt to raise and organize volunteer troops in Kansas the conduct of Governor Robinson has been such that great injustice has been done to the officers who were first in the field, while the efficiency of the troops has been greatly injured affairs, I can hold no further conversation with the Governor, Robinson, relative to the Kansas troops now in the field, but shall carry out your instructions in the cases referred to, and in all other cases of like character I shall be governed by the same principle. I can see no authority for dismissing an officer from the service except that vested in the President of the United States and a general court-martial. Therefore all officers who have been commissioned and mustered into service and displaced by the corrupt operations of the Governor will be assigned to duty wherever vacancies occur equal to their rank.

I am apprised that Governor Robinson is now, through his emissaries, endeavoring to embarrass my administration and produce discontent among the troops under my command, and at a time when they are under marching orders and the interest of the country admits of no delay. I shall allow no tampering or interference with the forces under my command by Governor Robinson or nay of his agents, and should they attempt so to interfere to the detriment of the public service I shall promptly put them under arrest as camp followers, and even though it should be the Governor himself. Hoping to be sustained by the Department at Washington in this course, which is the only one that can render our Kansas troops efficient and do justice to all parties concerned.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

