
Numbers 7.- List of officers of the Quartermaster's Department on duty at the principal depots on June 30, 1862, &amp;c.-Continued.

Name.	 Place.	 Duty.

Captain J. J.	 Washington, D. C.	 In charge of

Dana.	 	 transportation and

forage.

Captain W. L.	 In the field.	 Major of volunteer

Lothrop.	 	 regiment.

Captain A. T. A.	 ...do...	 Colonel of

Torbert.	 	 volunteer regiment.

Captain G. A.	 ...do...	 Chief of artillery

Kensel.	 	 of General Butler's

expedition.

Captain Herman	 New Berne, N. C.	 Chief quartermaster

Biggs.	 	 Department of North

Carolina.

Captain J. A.	 Chicago, Ill.	 Purchasing,

Potter.	 	 issuing, and

forwarding

supplies.

Captain C. H.	 In the field.	 Colonel of

Tompkins.	 	 volunteer regiment.

Captain J. W.	 New Orleans, La.	 Chief quartermaster

Shaffer.	 	 Department of the

Gulf.

Captain G. S.	 Annapolis, Md.	 Issuing supplies,

Blodgett.	 	 &c.

Captain J. J.	 Hilton Head, S. C.	 Chief quartermaster

Elwell.	 	 Department of the

South.

Captain W. W.	 Boston, Mass.	 Purchasing and

McKim.	 	 issuing supplies.

Captain J. A.	 Indianapolis, Ind.	 Do.

Ekin.

Captain E. C.	 Harrisburg, Pa.	 Do.

Wilson.

Captain W. H.	 Springfield, Ill.	 In charge of issue

Bailhache.	 	 and distribution of

clothing and other

supplies.

Captain G. W. Lee.	 Detroit, Mich.	 In charge of

clothing depot, and

purchasing and

forwarding other

supplies.

Captain S. H.	 Denver City, Colo.	 Issuing supplies,

Moer.	 	 &c.

Captain T. M.	 Saint Paul, Minn.	 Do.

Saunders, Third

Artillery.

Numbers 8. QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington City, May 23, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit estimates of the indebtedness of the gun-boat flotilla on the Western rivers, with estimates for the maintenance of the flotilla upon its present footing during the remaining portion of the present fiscal year and the whole of year ending June 30, 1862.

These estimates have been delayed by the want of information in this office from the scene of operations.

The fleet has been constructed under constant pressure, and the daily demands upon the officers intrusted with its construction, outfit, and command have been such that the regular reports to this office have fallen into arrear.

It appears that the monthly expenditures of the gun-boat flotilla, with its tenders, as at present organized, are nearly $200,000, and that on the 30th of June the liabilities for its construction and maintenance will exceed the sums heretofore appropriated by $400,000.

In addition to this there have been constructed upon the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers, to meet the superior fleet prepared by the rebels, nine steam rams, upon which there had been expended, up to the 19th instant, including subsistence, coal, barges, and tenders, $300,000. The estimated expense of keeping these in service for the remainder of the present fiscal year is $100,000.

I respectfully advise that Congress be asked to make an appropriation for gun-boats and steam rams on the Western rivers during the remainder of the present fiscal year of $800,000; and that for the year ending on the 30th of June, 1863, the appropriation of $1,000,000 for gun-boats on Western rivers in the biull for the support of the Army, which has lately passed the House of Representatives, be increased to $2,340,000 which would maintain the proper gun-boat fleet for twelve months, or until the 30th of June, 1863, and the fleet of rams for three months, or until the 30th of September, this year, by which time it is probable they will have done their work and may be laid up.

