
per 100 pounds; 350 to 440 miles, not exceeding 90 cents per 100 pounds.

For transportation of horses in small lots, the following are the usual estimated weights of railroad companies:

Single animal, 3,000 pounds; two animals, 4,000 pounds; three animals, 5,000 pounds; four animals, 6,500 pounds; five animals, 8,000 pounds; six animals, 9,000 pounds; seven animals, 10,000 pounds; eight animals, 11,000 pounds; nine animals, 12,000 pounds; full carloads, thirteen or fourteen horse, usually charged 18,000 pounds.

All other supplies forwarded by freight trains, all charged local rates according to classification of property, which will usual average on provisions and heavy freights two to three cents per ton of 2,000 pounds per mile. Dry goods, clothing, and light goods will average three to five cents per ton of 2,000 pounds per mile.

Respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

General Manager.

Numbers 10. REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE.

Resolved, That the rates offered to the Government for the transportation of passengers shall be 2 cents per mile, allowing to each soldier not exceeding eighty pounds of luggage; this to include those things ordinary carried by a soldier in heavy- marching order and tents.

Resolved, That the rates for the transportation of freights shall be (under the four classifications last made by the four Atlantic trunk lines, with the additions hereunto annexed) the same as for the time being are charged for general transportation, either local or through; but upon these rates, both local and through, there shall be made a reduction of 10 per cent. upon all transforation ordered by the Government through its proper officers: Provided, That the rates for fifty miles or less shall not exceed on first-class 5 cents, on second-class 4 1/2 cents, on third-class 4 1/4 cents, and on fourth-class 4 cents per to per mile; and that on distances above fifty miles the rate shall not exceed on first-class 3 cents, on second-class 2 3/4 cents, on third-class 2 1/4 cents, and on fourth-class 1 3/4 cents per ton per mile; and that whatever the distance ordered, the full length so ordered shall govern the rate, whether the freight passes over one or many roads: And further provided, That in the application of the maximum rates to distances over fifty miles no increased distance shall be charged a less price, and the distance shall be estimated on both freight and passengers by the shortest lines, allowance being made for for intermediate distances between terminal stations of connecting lines. It shall be the duty of each company to furnish the Secretary of War and to the Quartermaster-General copies of their through and local tariffs, and when changes are made to notify them of the same.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this convention that the Secretary of War should make such compensation as will be equitable to those roads whose expenses are enhanced by reason of being in or near the seat of war.

Resolved, That Honorable Erastus Corning, Samuel M. Felton, and Thomas L. Jewett be a committee on the part of this convention to confer and co-operate with the Secretary of War and the Quartermaster-General, from time to time, with authority to take such action

