
as may be necessary to produce harmonious and satisfactory results in the business relations of the Government with the railroads of the United States.

SPECIAL CLASSIFICATION.

First class.- Drums (twice first class), haversacks, canteens, camp-kettles and mess-pans, wagon covers, furniture and camp stools, hard bread, powder in barrels, buckets, clothing.

Second class.- Gun carriages, caissons, forges and light artillery mounted, wagons and ambulances, loaded car twenty-eight feet in length, estimated at 12,000 ambulances, other lengths of cars in proportion. Tents and tent-poles, sabers in boxes. Cattle and horses, reconed at 18,000 pounds to a load for a car twenty- eight feet long, and other cites of cars in proportion.

Third class.- Fixed ammunition, small-arms ammunition, Subleytent stoves.

Fourth class.- Cannon and mortars not mounted, cannon-balls and shells, lumber and timber, flour, beef, pork, hay (hay reckoned at 18,000 pounds to a car-load.)

Numbers 11. QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington City, May 1, 1862.

SIR: The following regulations, in accordance with the recommendations of the convention of railroad managers assembled in this city by invitation of the Secretary of War, have been adopted by this department, for the guidance of its officers in the settlement of account with railroad and transportation companies, for the transportation of troops and supplies. The rates went into operation on the 3rd of March, 1862.

Regiments or portions of regiments to be transported by the shortest practicable route, at 2 cents per man per mile; eighty pounds of baggage to be allowed to each man, including those things ordinarily carried by a soldier, in heavy-marching order, among which are forage, provisions, baggage, equipments, camp and garrison equipage, and tents. Any excess over eighty pounds to a man to be expressly stated as such excess, and charged at second- class rates, exclusive of horses, wagons, and heavy ordnance accompanying troops, which are to be charged according to the classification hereinafter specified.

The military tariff is to be 10 per cent. below the printed local and through freight tariffs of the various companies in force at the time of the service; said tariffs to by furnished with each account to be examined, and no charge to be allowed exceeding the following maximum limits, even though the local tariffs may be at higher rates:

First class.- On short roads and for distances not exceeding fifty miles, the maximum charge to be 5 cents per ton per mile; for distances over fifty miles and not exceeding eighty-three miles, the maximum charge not to exceed $2.50 per ton for the entire distance; for eighty-three miles and over, the maximum charge to be 3 cents per ton per mile.

Second class.- On short roads and for distances not exceeding fifty miles, the maximum charge to be 4 1/2 cents per ton per mile; for distances over fifty and not exceeding eighty-two miles, the maximum charge not to exceed $2.25 per ton for the entire distance; for eighty-two miles and over, the maximum charge to be 2 2/3 cents per ton per mile.

