
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, May 24, 1862.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT:

You are hereby instructed to confer with His Excellency the Governor of Kansas relative to the subject of Special Orders, Numbers 80, War Department, April 12, and also letter of instructions from Adjutant-General's Office at Washington, May 19 [20], pertaining to said orders. You are authorized to say to the Governor that it is the wish of this department to co-operate with him in all proper measures to carry out the instructions of the War Department in reference to the Kansas volunteer troops. You will also inform the Governor that no more officers will be mustered into the Kansas regiments until all of the vacancies now existing are filled by the assignment of such officers as have already served under commissions issued by him and who have been displaced by the various transfers and consolidations of companies and regiments.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

B.

STATE OF KANSAS, EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Topeka, May 25, 1862.

General J. G. BLUNT,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a copy of Special Orders, Numbers 180 [80], of the War Department, dated May 19 [April 12], 1862. This order is based upon the supposition that both the Governor and Lieutenant-Governor were at the time out of the State, when both were in the State, and one, the Lieutenant-Governor, had not been absent at all. The order, being thus based upon false premises, falls to the ground, in my opinion. I have communicated my views to the War Department upon this subject, a copy of which has been forwarded to your headquarters. I do not feel disposed to take any action in the premises until the facts, as therein set forth, have been considered by the Secretary of War. I know of no law or precedent authorizing such interference with the duties of the State Executive as Order Numbers 180 [80] contemplates. In my judgment, to carry into effect that order would create great confusion and to great injustice, and therefore cannot be a party to its enforcement, but, on the contrary, must enter my solemn protest against it as illegal, inexpedient, and prejudicial to the best interests of the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. ROBINSON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 27, 1862.

Governor WASHBURN,

Augusta, Me.:

Urgent necessities indicated two years ago that the largest force in the shortest time would be required. The public spirit manifests that sufficient force may be raised of three-years" men, and as that is,

