
Third class.- On short roads and for distances not exceeding fifty miles, the maximum charge to be 4 1/2 cents per ton per mile; for distances over fifty and not exceeding ninety-four miles, the maximum charge not be exceed $2.12 1/2 per ton for the entire distance; for ninety-four miles and over, the maximum charge to be 2 1/4 cents per ton per mile.

Fourth class.- On short roads and for distance not exceeding fifty miles, the maximum charge to be 4 cents per ton per mile; for distances over fifty and not exceeding 114 miles, the maximum charge not to exceed $2 per ton for the entire distance, for 114 miles and over, the maximum charge to be 1 3/4 cents per ton per mile.

The full distance transported by the shortest route, whether over one or more roads, to govern the rate charged.

FREIGHT CLASSIFICATION.

First class.- Drum (twice first class), haversacks, camp-kettles and mess-pans, wagon covers, furniture and camp stools, cots and mattresses, hard bread, buckets, clothing, blankets, boots, shoes, hats, caps, &amp;c., dry goods, in boxes, bales, and trunks, glass, liquors, in glass, printed matter, in sheets, trunks, tinware, boxed, powder, in barrels or secure packages, marked "powder."

Second class.- Baggin, burlaps, coffee, ground, in boxes or casks candles, drugs and medicines, guns, rifles, and other firearms, lead, in bars, paper, writing and printing, tea, saddlery and harness, tents and tent-poles, sabers, in boxes, wheelbarrows. The following to be reckoned at 12,000 pounds a load for a car of twenty-eight feet in length, other sizes of cars in proportion, viz: Army wagons on wheels and four-wheel hospital wagons and ambulances, two to a car; two-wheel ambulances, guns with carriages and limbers complete, caissons with limbers, and traveling forges, four to a car; army wagons taken part, five to a car; proportionally for a less number.

HORSES, CATTLE, AND MULES.

Fourteen horses or cattle, eighteen mules, to be estimated at 18,000 pounds, and accounted a carload; a less number of either to be estimated proportionally, according to the following schedule:

One horse, 2,000 pounds; two horses, 3,500 pounds; three horses, 5,000 pounds; four horses, 6,400 pounds; five horses, 7,800 pounds; six horses, 9,100 pounds; seven horses, 10,300 pounds; eight horses, 11,400 pounds; nine horses, 12,500 pounds; ten horses, 13,600 pounds; eleven horses, 14,700 pounds; twelve horses, 15,800 pounds; thirteen horses, 16,900 pounds; fourteen horses, 18,000 pounds.

The number of horses, cattle, or mules, and pounds of freight to be stated in the certificate of transforation.

Third class.- Fixed ammunition, small-arms ammunition, Sibleytent stoves, axes, hoes, and picks, hardware, lead, in pigs, shovels and spades, liquor, in barrels.

Fourth class.- Cannon and mortars, not mounted, cannon-balls and shells, lumber and timber, flour, beef, pork, hay (reconed at 18,000 pounds to a car-load), salt, coffee, in sacks, rice, horseshoes, in packages, iron, bar, pig, band, and boiler, iron nuts and rivets, iron bolts and washers, in boxes or casks, nails and spikes, rope, leather, in rolls and boxes, common soap, portable forges, grain salted and smoked meats, white lead and zinc paints, oil, sugar, beans, molasses, potatoes, telegraph wire.

