
Bill for transportation of recruits and of volunteers, previous to company organization and muster and for recruiting service, to be settled by the Adjutant-General's Department.

This department has no appropriation from which transportation can be paid for rejected recruits, for soldiers on furlough, on leave of absence, deceased, or discharged, except when discharged under General Orders, Numbers 51, Adjutant-General's Office, of August 3, 1861, which is as follows, to wit:

Hereafter when volunteers are to be mustered into the service of the United States, they will at the same time be minutely examined by the surgeon and assistant surgeon of the regiment, to ascertain whether they have the physical qualifications necessary for the military service. And in case any individual shall be discharged within three months after entering the service for a disability which existed at that time, he shall receive neither pay nor allowances, except subsistence and transportation to his home. The certificate given by the surgeon will in all cases state whether the disability existed prior to the date of muster or was contracted after it.

Minors, also, why may be discharged either by the civil authority or upon the personal application of parents or friends, will be discharged without pay or allowances.

Soldiers on sick-leave may be furnishes transportation under General Orders, Numbers 41, dated Adjutant-General's Office, April 16, 1862, which is as follows:

Transportation to soldiers on sick-leave may be furnished and the cost stopped from their pay in the same manner as other stoppages are made. Necessary transportation furnished to soldiers on sick- leave by the authorities of any State to which such soldiers belong will be deducted from their pay and refunded to the State by the paymaster, whose warrant for making the stoppage will be the certificate of the proper agent of the State, accompanied by the receipt of the soldier for the transportations. Where several soldirs of different companies are concerned, separate accounts will be made for each company.

On all clams for transportation previous to March 3, 1862, the rates are not to exceed 2 cents per man per mile; nor should any charge on freight exceeding the rates of the printed local or through tariff of the roads to the public, at the time of the service, be allowed.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

Numbers 12. WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, October 12, 1861.

General M. G. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: In settling the accounts of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company the tariff of prices fixed upon by this Department for transportation of troops and supplies will be followed only in case of troops, the company being authorized to charge for freight the usual rates of the road now existing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., April 4, 1862.

To the QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL:

The accounts due for service of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to the 1st of April upon the main stem and Parkersburg Branch will be settled at the regular tariff rates of the company in force at the time the service was rendered.

By order of the Secretary of War:

M. G. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

