
Numbers 13. QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington City, September 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: On the 3th April, 1862, you directed that the accounts due for service of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company to the 1st April, 1862, upon the main stem and Parkersburg Branch should be settled at the regular tariff rates of the company in force at the time the service was rendered.

The president of the company now applies to have this arrangement continued to the present time, basing his application upon the irregular character of the service, the danger and interruption from the movements of the rebel army, and the destruction of their bridges by violence and by flood.

This road has done good service to the Government, and, though the question is one of some doubt, I think, upon the whole, it will be not more than just to grant their request and settle their accounts to this date upon the same basis as heretofore.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 21, 1862.

Approved.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 14. QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington City, November 3, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to state that on the 12th of October, 1861, the Secretary of War directed that in settlement of accounts of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company for freight the usual rates of the road then existing should be allowed.

On the 4th of April, 1862, you directed that the accounts of that company for service, both passengers and freight, prior to April 1, 1862, upon the main stem and Parkersburg Branch, should be settled at the regular tariff rates of the company in force at the time the service was rendered.

On the 11th of September, 1862, the president of the company applied for a continuance to that date of the last arrangement, basing his application on the irregular character of the service, the danger and interruption form the movements of the rebel army, and the destruction of their bridges by violence and flood.

On that day I wrote to you, recommending that their accounts to that date should be settled upon the same basis as had been authorized to the 1st of April, which recommendation was approved by you September 21, 1862.

The president of the company now asks that, in consequence of the recent interruption of their business and destruction of property by

