
the rebels, the same arrangement may be continued until such time as their road shall be reopened to the Ohio.

I think, in view of all the circumstances, it will be just and reasonable to continue to settle their accounts for service upon the basis of their published tariffs for freight and passenger business, excepting passengers on the Washington Branch, with the distinct understanding that in thus paying first-class passenger taes the allowance of baggage transported without extra charge to each soldier or passenger shall be as it was fixed by the railroad convention-eighty pounds per man; and that for all articles not specially classed in the printed tariffs heretofore in use by the company the classification fixed by the railroad convention shall apply. The prices to be those specified by the tariffs of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company for the respective classes to which the railroad convention assigned the articles.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Indorsement.]

The foregoing report is approved so far as it relates to the settlement upon the same basis as the report of September 11. The qualifications mentioned in the above report are reserved for decision hereafter.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 18, 1862.

Governor SALOMON,

Madison, Wis.:

The disposition of the persons arrested in your State was some days ago submitted to the President, who has the matter under consideration, and his determination will be immediately communicated to you.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 190. Washington, November 19, 1862.

When there is no mustering officer to certify to the accounts payable by the Commissary-General of Subsistence, according to the first paragraph of General Orders, Numbers 121, the affidavit of the claimant, supported by the certificate of the commissioner for drafting, will be required before payment of the account.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, STATE OF IOWA,

Iowa City, November 19, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: I have distributed among the respective counties of the State their several quotas necessary to fill up the old regiments, and have

