
given them until the 1st of January, 1863, to supply the same by voluntary enlistment. If this be not done by that time I shall confidently expect positive and immediate instruction from the General Government in regard to my course of action, either an immediate draft or an entire reliance on voluntary enlistment. Our old regiments need the men at once, and to prevent disorganization supply of men must be speedily furnished, and shall, if not forthcoming by the 1st of January, 1863, be raised by draft, if you so order.

Your obedient servant,

SAMUEL J. KIRKDWOOD.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, November 19, 1862.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

The recent order as to what number shall constitute a company of cavalry embarrasses the organization of the regiments very much. Can you not relieve me as to the regiments now forming by reistating former order?

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., November 19, 1862.

His Excellency Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

A company of cavalry may be mustered into service with seventy privates and filled up afterward.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 192. Washington, November 20, 1862.

Commandants of corps, divisions, and brigades are hereby required to have a special inspection of the cavalry of their respective commands with ten days from the date of this order, and report to this Department the names of all officers whose cavalry horses appear to have been neglected, or be unfit for duty, to the end that such officers may be promptly dismissed from the service.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., November 20, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

There is some uncertainty in my mid on the subject, and I ask to know whether Government will allow cavalrymen to find their own horses and equipment or either. If Government would use its influence to procure an act giving bounty, &amp;c., to all cavalrymen it

