
would greatly aid in recruiting in that arm. I fear that no force can be raised without it. I understand that it has been promised to all recruits so far.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

DAVENPORT, November 20, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

Officers here recruiting for the Regular Army are enlisting men recruited by me for the old regiments. If this is not stopped I will cease all efforts. I protest, too, most earnestly against enlisting men from our regiments into the regular service. I will not endeavor to fill up vacancies thus created.

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

New Berne, November 20, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: At the suggestion of the President I endeavored to have an interview with Governor Vance.

The correspondence, copies of which I now inclose, will show the result.

I still believe if the people of North Carolina could be allowed free expression of their wishes and opinions they would decide to separate themselves from any association with the rebel States.

At an early day I hope to be able to give information of a more pleasing character.

After the President shall have read the correspondence I ask to be informed if he has any further wishes to communicate.

With high respect,

ED. STANLY,

Military Governor of North Carolina.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] NEW BERNE, N. C., October 21, 1862.

Governor Z. B. VANCE:

SIR: The strong affection which I have inherited and cherish for the people of my native State has induced me to come here, by request of the President of the United States.

Nations, like individuals, sometimes quarrel because they misunderstand each other. This I think is now the case between the Government of the United States and the State of North Carolina.

I confidently believe I am in a situation to confer blessings upon the people of North Carolina if the Honorable gentlemen in high station who now control her affairs will give me their assistance.

If it is not incompatible with your views of duty, I earnestly solicity the favor of an interview with you at such time and place hereafter to be designated as may be agreeable to you.

If the interview with yourself personally for any reason be declined, then I ask that one or more good citizens, natives of or residing in North Carolina, be authorized by you to confer with me.

