
My chief purpose is to see whether some measures cannot be adopted which may lead to an Honorable peace.

If, unfortunately, this consummation so "devoutly wished" cannot be obtained, we may at all events do much to alleviate the inevitable sufferings that attend a war.

Authority has been given me to negotiate for an exchange of political prisoners.

I desire to do nothing in secret, will not stand upon any question of etiquette, wishing only to be instrumental in doing good to my country, and to that brave and noble hearted people who hitherto have conferred honor upon both of us, whose glory and welfare I am, as solicitous to protect as any other son of North Carolina can be. I hope to have an answer as soon as your convenience will allow. I beg leave to tender you the assurance of my best wishes for your happiness of our countrymen will hereafter bless the day on which the people of North Carolina elevated you to your present high position.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.

EDW[Inclosure Numbers 2.] STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, October 29, 1862.

Honorable EDWARD STANLY,

New Berne, N. C.:

SIR: Your communication, of the 21st instant has been receive, to which I proceed to reply. It is incompatible with my views of duty to grant you a personal interview for the purposes mentioned for the following reasons:

First. If the measures which you propose to discuss relate to a general peace between the Confederate States and the United States, then it is needless to inform you that I have not the power to confer with you authoritatively. By the constitution of the Confederate States, to which the State of North Carolina has unanimously acceded, the power to make war and conclude peace has been delegated to the President and Senate. To their hands I am content to leave it.

Second. If your proposition (as it evidently does) has relation to a separate peace between the State of North Carolina and the United States, then it is still more inadmissible. North Carolina, with great unanimity, dissolved her connection with the old Government and entered into a solemn compact with the new government of the Confederate States.

Her obligations in this new relation are obvious, and her honor is pledged to redeem all these obligations faithfully with the last dollar and the last drop of blood for the general good.

Your proposition is based on the supposition that there is baseness in North Carolina sufficient to induce here people to abandon their confederates and leave them to suffer alone all the horrors of this unnatural war for the sake of securing terms for themselves, a mistake which I could scarcely have supposed any one so well acquainted with the character of our people as yourself could have committed.

North Carolina, having committed the questions of war and peace to the authorities of the Confederate Government, sees now no cause to distrust their ability or their patriotism, or to withhold that generous support to their measures which has thus far characterized

