
the unfairness of an unprovoked and most unjust reflection upon myself. There is nothing, sir, in your position or in mine that justifies you is using the language complained of to me.

Though I am not asking and never ask for any favors at the hands of the people of North Carolina; though my home is in a far distant land, my affection for her is unchangeable, my aer unabated. I came on a mission of love; to hold out the olive branch of peace on terms such as a brave people could honorably accept. This has been my unvarying purpose, often publicly avowed. I came to provide the means of maintain peace and security to the loyal inhabitants of the State. I command no squadron in the field. If I had the skill to do so anywhere, I have no disposition to do so here.

Whether in answering the respectful communication of one coming in such a spirit you had forgotten you were the chief magistrate of North Carolina, and had condescended to by-only for a brief interval, I hope-the mere agent of the proper authorities of the new government, I leave to our hones countrymen to decide.

While I most deeply regret I cannot have your assistance, I thank Heaven I represent a Government which does not think it beyond my province to do anything "to alleviate the inevitable sufferings that attend the war."

The widow and the orphan, the defenseless and forsaken, have had protection and support through my humble instrumentality. Without looking for your aid I shall, whenever I have the ability, continue to make every effort consistent will duty and patriotism to protect the unfortunate misguided, as well as the loyal, people of my native State from the disastrous tyranny of our new government.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

EDWARD STANLY.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington City, D. C., November 21, 1862.

Ordered:

That no arms, ammunition, or munitions of war be cleared or allowed to be exported from the United States until further orders.

That any clearances for arms, ammunition, or munitions of war issued heretofore by the Treasury Department by vacated, if the articles have not passed without the United States, and the articles stopped.

That the Secretary of War hold possession of the arms, &c., recently seized by his order at Rouse's Point bound for Canada.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

War Department, Washington, November 21, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the principal operations of the Ordnance Department during the last fiscal year, with such remarks and suggestions as the interests of the public service connected with that branch of it seems to require.

54 R R-SERIES III, VOL II

