
sail Tuesday or Wednesday, and all during the week. I can appreciate your impatience; I fully share it.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, November 22, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Astor House, New York City:

Your requisition (Numbers 40) on the Quartermaster-General has just been submitted to the Secretary of War. You mistake the character and present object of your expedition, and may ruin all by delay and unnecessary impedimenta. Your transportation, till your first object is accomplished, must be almost entirely, by water. Such immense trains will only hamper you. So many animals cannot be transported from New York. When wanted the can be procured and foraged at one-quarter the expense from another direction. You must get off with your infantry and such artillery and cavalry as are ready. More can be sent hereafter. As I before telegraphed, delay will be fatal. It would require many weeks to fill all your requisitions. If the expedition must wait for it to be filled, perhaps it would be as well to give it up entirely, for the object will be accomplished before it starts.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NEW YORK, N. Y, November 22, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch received 7.37 p. m. We do not wait for anything but water transportation, artillery, and troops. Not an hour has been lost in getting these together. The requisitions referred to in your dispatch are not for supplies to be shipped with the first detachment, but those to follow. The delay is to be charged equally to the time indispensable to the preparation of vessels, the collection of troops, commissary stores, and ammunition. No time has been lost in respect to either, and all are now nearly ready. Time for shipment only is now required. The smaller vessels sail Tuesday and others immediately after. We shall wait for nothing that is not absolutely necessary, according to your dispatch. I fully share your impatience, and will spare no exertions to get off at the earliest possible moment.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 22, 1862.

Captain H. B. HENDERSHOTT,

Davenport, Iowa:

All recruiting from volunteer regiments for regulars in Iowa will cease.

By direction of the Secretary of War:

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

