
HARRISBURG, PA., November 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The taking of substitutes has grown worse each day until it has become a real evil, and I request authority to stop it entirely. A system of brokerage has sprung up, and men of suspicious and disreputable character are brought in numbers from the cities of New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore for sale. After receiving their money they desert, and thus but few men are added to the old regiments. It is procuring very great demoralization. Arms have arrived, and their issue will commence. Fourteen hundred horses will be issued to-day, and Colonel Gregg will be at once prepared to move.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 22, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS,

Harrisburg:

Why have you not stopped the substitutes at once if you deem it proper? Do so now, and pray use some diligence in getting the troops out of Pennsylvania. It seems as if the demoralization was not confined altogether to the draft men, and they should be got into the field at once.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., November 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I this day stopped the substitutes until I would receive your instructions. I only awaited the receipt of arms to send forward the drafted men. They have now [been] armed, and all in the several camps will be sent forward.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, November 23, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

The drafted men at Pittsburg have been organized into two regiments, but more than 300 of them have absented themselves since their muster. The number present is 1,735. About 300 are expected from Erie and Crawford Counties to-morrow. The drafted absentees will join, but the absent substitutes will not. There is also at Pittsburg one regiment and nearly five companies of cavalry and one company of artillery, all under orders to move. Arms have not yet reached that place.

L. THOMAS,

Assistant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL" OFFICE, Numbers 194. Washington, November 24, 1862.

The Paymaster-General is authorized to change the stations of paymasters within the limits of the pay districts which have been or may

