
be arranged by him whenever he may deem it necessary for the interests of the service.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK CITY, November 24, 1862.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States;

Your letter of the 22nd instant with inclosures received this morning. I never contemplated waiting supplies referred to in requisition Numbers 40 one moment. It was drawn up by an officer who did not fully comprehend my instructions, and inadvertently approved by me without sufficient examination and proper explanation. My purpose has not been changed since I left Washington, and I have waited nothing not absolutely necessary to place their entertained cause of delay [sic]. I have explained by letter to the Secretary of War.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

NEW YORK, November 24, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch received this morning, with letter from the President, by Mr. Tuckner. I never entertained the thought of awaiting requisition Numbers 40; it would only be needed for ultimate operations some weeks hence. I deeply regret that my purpose was not more clearly explained. I have waited only vessels, men, commissary stores and ordnance stores, and the unavoidable delays are explained by letter which I hope will be satisfactory. Mr. Tuckner's assistance will be important.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 24, 1862.

His Excellency Governor EDWARD SALOMON,

Madison, Wis.:

Please report by telegraph immediately, first, the number of volunteers since July 2 from your State for three years; second, the number of men drafted for military service or volunteers for nine months.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Governors A. W. Bradford, Annapolis, Md.; William Buckingham, Hartford, Conn.; Edwin D. Morgan, Albany, N. Y.; O. P. Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.; Austin Blair, Detroit, Mich.; A. G. Curtin, Harrisburg, Pa.; Nathaniel S. Berry, Concord, N. H.; William Sprague, Providence, R. I.; John A. Andrew, Boston, Mass.; F. H. Peirpoint, Wheeling, Va.; Israel Washburn, jr., Augusta, Me.; Frederick Holbrook, Brattleborough, Vt., and Adjutant-General N. B. Baker, Davenport, Iowa.

55 R R - SERIES III, VOL II

