
HARTFORD, CONN., November 24, 1862.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

Since July 2 Connecticut has put into the field 8,429 three- years" volunteers and 5,505 nine-months" volunteers.

By order of Governor Buckingham:

J. D. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 24, 1862.

His Excellency Governor KIRKWOOD,

Davenport, Iowa:

You are authorized to raise a battery of artillery, to be attached to the Thirty-eighth Iowa Volunteers, Colonel Hughes.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ANNAPOLIS, November 24, 1862.

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Since July 2 four new infantry regiments, one battery, and several cavalry companies have been added to the three-years" volunteers - in all, upward of 300 men. The number drafted for nine months will be 6,000 in the State, but all the counties have not yet drafted, nor all the drafted men reported from their counties that have. No volunteers for nine months reported.

A. W. BRADFORD,

Governor of Maryland.

BOSTON, November 24, 1862.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In answer to telegram: Three-years" volunteers from Massachusetts since July 1, 1862, so far as returns have come in, 15,827. Nine- months" volunteers from Massachusetts already mustered into the service, 16,807. A draft has been ordered for the balance, to be executed on the 8th December, but we hope the amount will be made up by volunteering before that time, and in a great measure by volunteers for three years. Of three-years" men above mentioned there are ten new regiments and five new batteries of artillery, one of them heavy artillery, and the remainder, about 4,672, have gone with old regiments and batteries and companies of sharpshooters.

By order of the Governor of Massachusetts:

WM. ROGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 24, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS,

Harrisburg:

Send all the Pennsylvania militia to Washington.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

