
HARRISBURG, PA., November 24, 1862.

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The information asked can only be furnished by regiments, as many of the commands were recruited at various points of the State, and ordered off without furnishing their rolls to this department. Sixteen regiments and two batteries of artillery for three years, and seventeen regiment for nine months, have gone forward. There are now organized and being armed three cavalry regiments for three years; one regiment of volunteers, in lieu of draft, for nine months, and sixteen regiment of drafted men at different camps of rendezvous. There is also one regiment of artillery recruiting at Philadelphia, and one regiment of cavalry at Harrisburg, both well advanced. The draft should have procured at least thirty regiment, and will yet, as I have no doubt. The U. S. officers having that duty in charge will use the proper diligence and efforts to secure the delinquents.

By order:

A. L. RUSSELL,

Adjutant-General of Pennsylvania.

MADISON, WIS., November 24, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I telegraphed you on the 10th, 12th, 17th, and 21st concerning disposition of prisoners arrested under President's proclamation. I have no proper place to keep them. Except writs of habes corpus to release them. This responsibility should not thus be left upon me. Government should take them in charge, and that immediately, or should inform me that it declined so to do. Cannot Major- General Pope be instructed to take them in charge? Please answer immediately.

E. SALOMON,

Governor.

MADISON, WIS., November 24, 1862.

General BUCKINGHAM:

Your dispatch received. Number of volunteers for three years since July 2 about 14,500. We drafted 4,500. How many will come in and not be exempted it is impossible to tell. No nine-months" men. I ask again for reply concerning disposal of prisoners for resisting draft. If not informed I shall feel compelled to turn them over to civil authorities.

E. SALOMON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 24, 1862.

Governor SALOMON,

Madison, Wis.:

The Secretary of War directs me to say that you were informed, in answer to your telegrams respecting the disposition of the prisoners arrested by you, that the subject was under the consideration of the President, and that as soon as his decision was made it would be communicated to you. The matter probably be disposed of at Cabinet

