
example on other regiments a volunteered was most beneficial. The period for which they are to serve is left to be arranged after their arrival in Washington, but they left with the understanding that it should not be less than thirty days, nor more than three months, nor are they to be under any obligating to remain longer than the former period, unless they consent to after their arrival. Of course their muster should date from the time of their leaving.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. HILLHOUSE,

Adjutant-General.

ALBANY, May 27, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Five regiments are under marching orders to leave New York to- day. Colonel Vinton declines to issue clothing to them unless mustered, which will detain them until Friday. To prevent unnecessary delay, please give Colonel Vinton orders to issue clothing at once, and let the men be mustered on arrival at Washington, as was done last year.

E. D. MORGAN.

NEW YORK, May 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

SIR: Nearly 10,000 militia are under arms in this city ready to move as fast as transportation can be provided. They only need uniforms in part, which under existing orders Colonel Vinton [says] cannot be provided until they are mustered, and it will be several days before they can be mustered. Will you not answer Government Morgan's telegram requesting the issue of uniforms here, and muster on arrival at Washington?

THOS. HILLHOUSE,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 28 [27], 1862.

Governor MORGAN,

Albany, N. Y.:

The order you request has been given to Colonel Vinton. Please state the term of enlistment of the regiments you have sent and are sending.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, May 27, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Sixty-first, Colonel Schick, will leave at 6 p. m. this day via Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Regiment full. Troops are pouring in handsomely. Unless otherwise ordered will send via Pittsburgh.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

