
Davies, and Stanley. The first three were placed in line of battle near the old rebel entrenchments and the last held in reserve in the town. The skirmishing was renewed on the morning of the 3rd, and by 10 or 11 o"clock the engagement became pretty general and continued till dark. It was fiercely renewed in the morning of the 4th, and fought with varied success till near noon, when the rebels were defeated and driven from the field, leaving their dead and many of their wounded.

The enemy's forces were commanded by Generals Van Dorn, Price, Lovell, Villepigue, and Rust, and their number estimated at about 38,000, or nearly double those of General Rosecrans. Their loss in killed was 1,423, which would give by the usual proportion 5,692 wounded.* We took 2,265 prisoners, among whom were 127 officers. We also captured 14 stand of colors, 2 pieces of artillery, 3,300 stand of arms, and ammunition, accouterments, &amp;c. Our loss was 315 killed, 1,812 wounded, and 232 prisoners and missing.* This great disparity of numbers in killed and wounded resulted in part from the fact that a portion of our men fought behind the entrenched batteries.

Major-General Grant had ordered a brigade of four regiments, under Brigadier-General McPherson, from Jackson to Corinth. Finding the railroad interrupted at bethel, the latter turned to the left and reached Corinth on the 4th by the Farmington road, thus marching nearly around the enemy and forming a timely junction with General Rosecrans. Other forces from Jackson and Bolivar, under Brigadier-General Hurlbut, were directed on Corinth by way of Middleton and Pocahontas, to cut off the enemy's retreat in that direction. They encountered the enemy on the Hatchies River on the morning of the 5th, and as Brigadier- General Hurlbut was making dispositions for an attack Major-General Ord arrived upon the field and assumed command, but being wounded about 11 a. m. he again relinquished it to General Hurlbut. The battle continued till about 3.30 p. m., when the enemy retreated south, crossing the Hatchies at Crum's Mills, about six miles farther up the river. Our loss was 50 killed, 493 wounded, and 17 missing.+ General Hurlbut did not attempt any pursuit, and General Rosecrans did not leave Corinth till the morning of the 5th. The enemy therefore effected his escape, but was followed for a distance of about sixty miles without being overtaken.

General Grant afterward moved his forces south as far as Holly Springs and drove the enemy across the Tallahatchie. This operation was attended with several brisk skirmishes, in all of which our troops were victorious. These operations have restored peace in Western Tennessee.

The official reports of the operations of General Grant's army are submitted herewith, marked Exhibit Numbers 7.++

The unfortunate withdrawal to Missouri by General Curtis of a large part of the army in Arkansas prevented the execution of the military operations which had been ordered in the latter State. In Missouri the forces under Brigadier-General Schofield not only broke up and destroyed numerous guerrilla bands, but defeated the rebel army in several engagements near the southwest corner of that State and drove it across the Boston Mountains in Arkansas. I cannot give the details of these engagements, as no official reports have been received.#

---------------

* But see returns of casualties, Series I, Vol. XVII, Part I, pp. 176, 382-384.

+ Ibid., p. 304.

++ See Series I, Vol. XVII, Part I.

# But see Series I, Vol. XIII.

---------------

