
The Indian tribes in the Northwest, and more particularly in Minnesota, incited, it is said, by rebel emissaries, committed numerous, murders and other outrages on the frontier during the latter part of the summer. These savages were vigorously attacked by a volunteer force under Brigadier-General Sibley and defeated in several well-fought battles on the upper waters of the Minnesota River. These vigorous proceedings struck terror among the Indians and put an end to hostilities in that quarter for the present season. It is quite possible that these hostilities will be renewed in the coming spring, and preparations will be made accordingly.

In the Department of the Gilf the withdrawal of our flotilla from Vicksburg enabled the enemy to concentrate a considerable force on Baton Rouge, which was then held by Brigadier-General Williams. The attack was made on the 5th of August with greatly superior forces under the rebel General Breckinridge. General Williams gained a most signal victory, but fell in the fight. Our loss was 90 killed and 250 wounded.* We buried 300 of the enemy's dead left upon the field. On the 16th of August the garrison of Baton Rouge was withdrawn to New Orleans.

On the 24th of October General Butler sent a force under Brigadier-General Weitzel to operate on the west bank of the Mississippi, in the La Fourche District. He engaged a considerable body of the enemy on the 25th about nine miles from Donaldsonville and defeated them, with the loss of their commander, a large number killed and wounded, and 268 prisoners. Our loss was 18 killed and 68 wounded. This victory opened the whole of that part of the country.

General Butler's reports of the military operations in his department are submitted herewith, marked Exhibit Numbers 8.+

In the Department of the South the only military operations which have been undertaken were the reconnaissances of the Pocotaligo and Coosawhatchie Rivers. These expeditions, under Brigadier- General Brannan and Colonel Barton, encountered a considerable force of the enemy on the 22nd of October, and engagements ensued, in which we lost 32 killed and 180 wounded. The official reports of these engagements are submitted herewith, marked Exhibit Numbers 9.++

In the Department of North Carolina our force has also been too small to attempt any important offensive operations. On the 6th of September a party of the enemy surprised the garrison of Washington, but were soon driven out. Our loss was 8 killed and 36 wounded, and that of the enemy 33 killed and about 100 wounded. Several successful reconnaissance have been made into the interior. The official reports of the affair at Washington are marked Exhibit Numbers 10.#

It is seem from this brief summary of military operations during the last three or four months, that while our soldiers have generally fought with bravely and gained many important battles, these victories not produced the usual results. In many instances the defeated foe was not followed from the battle-field, and even where a pursuit was attempted it almost invariably failed to effect the capture or destruction of any part of the retreating army. This is a matter which requires serious and careful consideration. A victorious army is supposed to be in condition to pursue its defeated foe with advantage, and during such pursuit to do him serious of not fatal injury.

---------------

* But see Series I, Vol. XV, p. 51.

+ See Series I, Vol. XV.

++ See Series I, Vol. XIV.

# See Series I, Vol. XVIII.

---------------

