
ALBANY, November 26, 1862.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM:

The number of three-years" volunteers from this State since July 2 is 87,739, of which 81,139 have been placed in service, including those turned over to General Banks, leaving 1,600 in fractional organizations still undisposed of. Number of nine- months" men, 3,920, of which one regiment of 900 men has been ordered to report to General Banks. There have been no men drafted. It should be stated that the above computation is exclusive of a number of fractional companies throughout the State that have not reported.

By order of Governor Morgan:

THOS. HILLHOUSE.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., November 26, 1862.

His Excellency Governor SALOMON,

Madison, Wis.:

Drafted men may furnish substitutes within ten days after muster, provided there is no additional expense to the Government. They may volunteer into old regiments within ten days after muster, but their descriptive lists and clothing accounts must be transferred with them, so as to relieve their company commander from all responsibility. The enlistment papers will be the same as if they had not been drafted.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE,

Washington City, November 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to state for your information that during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1862, there was drawn from the Treasury for the subsistence of the Army and volunteers the sum of $48,701,122.98.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. P. TAYLOR,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., November 28, 1862.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS:

Since July 1 we have furnished thirty regiments of infantry, two regiments of cavalry, and four batteries of artillery. Four additional batteries await horses and equipments. Muster-in roll not yet filed, but the infantry regiments are all very near, or quite, to the maximum. When the rolls are received I will report at length. The drafted men have all volunteered in or been assigned to old regiments.

LAZ. NOBLE,

Adjutant-General.

56 R R - SERIES III, VOL II

