
PROVIDENCE, November 28, 1862.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The State of Rhode Island has recruited for three-years" service since July 2, 1862, 2,588 men; volunteers for nine-months" service 2,251 men, and 650 waiting instructions to be assigned.

WM. SPRAGUE.

MADISON, WIS., November 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

It is very cold here. Drafted men suffer much for want of clothing. Under existing order they can"t be mustered in and clothing furnished until regimental organization is complete. Instead of one blanket only they should their clothing at once. I cannot make the organization on account of the delay of assembling the men. Please have instructions sent to mustering officer to muster in the drafted men separately or by companies, and have clothing delivered as soon as mustered, taking individual receipts. Please answer without delay.

E. SALOMON,

Governor.

MADISON, WIS., November 28, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

General Order 121 prohibits the issue of clothing to drafted men till organization of regiments is completed. This is a great hardship. I have three camps of rendezvous, and not half enough yet in any to complete organization of regiment. Men are suffering extremely. Please send order to captain Van Slyke, assistant quartermaster here, to issue clothing as fast as men are mustered. I can then organize companies and relieve the pressing wants of men. It is very cold here. Send order by telegraph. Has the President made no order yet about the prisoners here who with arms resisted the draft? The delay is cruel. These men should be tried, and the guilty punished without delay, or I shall be still more embarrassed in enforcing the draft.

ED. SALOMON,

Governor.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, November 29, 1862.

Honorable ATTORNEY-GENERAL:

MY DEAR SIR: Few things perplex me more than this question between Governor Gamble and the War Department, as to whether the peculiar force organized by the former in missouri are 'State troops" or "United States troops." Now, this is either an immaterial or a mischievous question. First, if no more is desired than to have it settled what name the force is to be called by, it is immaterial. Secondly, if it is desired for more than the fixing a name, it can only be to get a position from which to draw practical inferences; then it is mischievous. Instead of settling one dispute by deciding the question, I should merely furnish a nest full of eggs for hatching new

