
disputes. I believe the force is not strictly either 'State troops" or "United States troops." It is of mixed character. I therefore think it is safer, when a practical question arises, to decide that question directly, and not indirectly by deciding a general abstraction supposed to include it, and also including a great deal more. Without dispute Governor Gamble appoints the officers of this force and fills vacancies when they occur. The question now practically in dispute is: Can Governor Gamble make a vacancy by removing and officer or accepting a resignation? Now, while it is proper that this question shall be settled, I do not perceive why either Governor Gamble or the Government here should care which way it is settled. I am perplexed with it only because three seems to be pertinacity about it. It seems to me that it might be either way without injury to the service; or that the offer of the Secretary of War to let Governor gamble make vacancies, and he (the Secretary) to ratify the making of them, ought to be satisfactory.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

PAYMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, November 29, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In obedience to your instructions of this date I have the honor to report that there has been expended in paying the troops since the 30th June, 1862, so far as shown by the returns of paymasters, $38,597,819.07.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CARY H. FRY,

Acting Paymaster-General U. S. Army.

NEW YORK, N. Y., November 29, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I regret to have occasion to inform you the expedition has not yet sailed. The transports, with one exception, are all ready. All now depends on the movement of the troops, which I may influence, but cannot control. Many of them have embarked. But one regiment only arrived to-day, and two regiment will not be here till next week. General Banks, however, will not wait for them.

JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War.

MESSAGE.

DECEMBER 1, 1862.

Fellow-citizens of the Senate and House of Representatives:

Since you last annual assembling another year of health and bountiful harvests has passed and while it has not pleased the Almightly to bless us with a return of peace, we can but press on, guided by the best light He gives us, trusting that in His own good time and wise way all will yet be well.

