
and, afterward, three-fourths of the States. The requisite three- fourths of the States will necessarily include seven of the slave States. Their concurrence, if obtained, will give assurance of their severally adopting emancipation at no very distant day upon the new constitutional terms. This assurance would end the struggle now and save the Union forever.

I do not forget the gravity which should characterize a paper addressed to the Congress of the nation by the Chief Magistrate of the nation. Nor do I forget that some of you are my seniors; nor that many of you have more experience than I in the conduct of public affairs. Yet I trust that, in view of the great responsibility resting upon me, you will perceive no want of respect to yourselves in any undue earnestness I may seem to display.

Is it doubted, then, that the plan I propose, if adopted, would shorten the war, and thus lessen its expenditures of money and of blood? Is it doubted that it would restore the national authority and national prosperity and perpetuate both indefinitely? Is it doubted that we here - Congress and Executive - can secure its adoption?

Will not the good people respond to a united and earnest appeal from us? Can we, can they, by any other means so certainly or so speedily assure these vital objects? We can succeed only by concert. It is not, "Can any of us imagine better?" but, "Can we all do better?" Object whatsoever is possible, still the question recurs, "Can we do better?" The dogmas of the quiet past are inadequate to the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion. As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew. We must disenthrall ourselves, and then we shall save our country.

Fellow-citizens, we cannot escape history. We of this Congress and this Administration will be remembered in spite of ourselves. No personal significance or insignificance can spare one or another of us. The fiery trial through which we pass will light us down, in honor or dishonor, to the latest generation. We say we are for the Union. The world will not forget that we says this. We know how to save the Union. The world knows we do know how to save it. We, even we, here hold the power and bear the responsibility. In giving freedom to the slave we assure freedom to the free, Honorable alike in what we give and what we preserve. We shall nobly save or meanly lose the last best hope of earth. Other means may succeed; this could not fail. The way is plain, peaceful, generous, just a way which, if followed, the world will forever applaud and God must forever bless.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

DECEMBER 1, 1862.

WAR DEPARTMENT, December 1, 1862.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: That portion of the United States which is now, or has been during the last year, the scene of military operations is compromised within ten military departments. The armies operating in these departments, according to recent official returns, constitute a force of 775,336 officers and privates, fully armed and equipped. Since the date of the returns this number has been increased to over 800,000 men. When the quotas are filled up the force will number 1,000,000 men, and the estimates for next year are based upon that numbers.

57 R R - SERIES III, VOL II

