
reduced on the 6th of February, after a short but severe engagement. General Grant then marched across the peninsula and attacked Fort Donelson. After several days" hard fighting that place also capitulated on the 16th with its armament and garrison, except the small force which crossed the Cumberland in the night and effected their escape. This victory caused the immediate evacuation of Bowling Green and Nashville, and, soon after, of Columbus and the greater part of Middle Tennessee.

While Grant and Buell were concentrating their armies on the Tennessee River, near the head of navigation and great lines of railroad communication, General Pope moved down the west bank of the Mississippi, captured New Madrid, and crossing the river below the enemy's batteries on and near Island Numbers 10, compelled the garrison to capitulate on the 7th and 8th of April.

General Grant has crossed the Tennessee and taken position at Pittsburg Landing in anticipation of the arrival of Buell. The enemy advanced from Corinth and attacked Grant on the morning of the 6th of April. A severe battle ensued, which continued till dark, the left of our line being driven back nearly to the river. A portion of Buell's forces arrived in the afternoon and during the night, and the battle was renewed at daylight on the morning of the 7th. The enemy was driven back at every point, and in the afternoon fled from the field, leaving their dead and many of their wounded in our hands.

Finding that the armies of Price and Van Dorn had been withdrawn from Arkansas to Corinth, and all the available troops of the Southwest concentrated at that place, orders were sent for General Pope and a part of General Curtis" troops to re-enforce our army on the Tennessee. The later had long and difficult marches to make, and did not reach their destination till the latter part of May. As the enemy's position at Corinth was strongly fortified and very difficult of attack at that season of the year, on account of the deep marches by which it was surrounded, General Halleck, while awaiting the arrival of re- enforcements from Missouri, approached the front by means of trenches, and movable forces were sent out to cut the railroads on the flanks. By the 29th of May three of the four railroads running from Corinth has been destroyed and heavy batteries established within breaching distance of the enemy's works, ready to open their fire next morning. The enemy evacuated the place in the night, destroying the bridges and breaking up the roads in his rear. As shall the streams were bordered by deep and impassable marches, the enemy could not be pursued without rebuilding the bridges and reopening the roads. The corps of Buell and Pope followed the enemy about fifty miles into the swamps of Mississippi, capturing a considerable number of stragglers and deserters, when the want of supplies compelled them to discontinue the pursuit. The reduction of Corinth caused the immediate evacuation of Forts Pilow and Randolph and the city of Memphis. The flotilla and ram fleet attacked and destroyed the enemy's gun-boats, opening the Mississippi River to Vicksburg.

Meanwhile General Curtis with the remainder of his army marched through the northeast part of Arkansas, and after several successful engagements reached Helena, where he established a depot of supplies for future operations.

General Buell had during the autumn of 1861 collected a large force at Louisville and in other parts of Kentucky. While his main army advanced toward Bowling Green, General Thomas" command

