
PROVIDENCE, May 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I send 1,000 men to-day.

WM. SPRAGUE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 27, 1862.

Governor SPRAGUE,

Providence, R. I.:

Your telegram was received to-day. Thanks for your promptness. The President directs that the new levies be confined to three- years" men. The regiment you have sent has been specially excepted, understanding it to be for three months.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

MADISON, WIS.,. May 27, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS:

Understanding from your reply to my dispatch and letter that the officers are to be paid for thirty-days" service, as all events, in raising troops, if engaged so long before organization of command, I will proceed with all possible diligence to raise the regiment. Answer.

E. SALOMON,

Governor.

HDQRS. SECOND DIV., DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MILITIA, Washington, May 28, 1862.

Major General R. C. WEIGHTMAN,

Commanding the District of Columbia:

GENERAL: The accompanying letter of Brigadier General J. H. Bradley is sent you with my approval, to be forwarded to the Secretary of War, and in os doing I would again propose to the Government to authorize the enrollment in Washington of a permanent armed home guard, to consist at present of from 8,000 to 10,000 men, composed mostly of citizens of this vicinity. The men would be familiar with the surroundings of this District, and with a few hours of military practice each day would soon become good soldiers, could act as a military police to Washington, would give confidence to the timid, and present an impassable barrier to any ordinary force which might threaten our city from without. Has such a body been organized it would have prevented the necessity of drawing troops here from New York Boston, or other points, and the cost of the latter operation, transportation, &amp;c., will far exceed that which would be necessary to keep up the organization suggested, and the general alarm thought eh country would be avoided. With reference to placing arms in the hands of the people at this juncture unless they had been previously drilled and property instructed to act in concern I could not recommend, but I most earnestly urge the imperative necessity of using our own citizens, the militia of this District or a portion of them, as a home guard, and I am satisfied that there are thousands of loyal citizens who would willingly and promptly co-operate in this measure. It is well known that I am an old army officer of artillery and a graduate

