
I desire to call special attention to the necessity of providing additional means for the storage and preservation of ordnance supplies, as recommended in the report of the Chief of Ordnance. When it is considered that we have now no more facilities for this purpose than when our military organization included an army of not over 18,000 men, the absolute necessity of a far more ample provision of such facilities will be manifest. The plan for this purpose, as stated in the report from the Ordnance Bureau, is believed to be the best that can be devised, and by no means too extensive in its provisions to meet our absolute wants, now and for the future; and I commend it for favorable consideration, and for such legislation as may be necessary. I concur also with the Chief of Ordnance in his remarks relative to the onerous duties, considering its present limited number of officers, which have devolved upon that branch of the service, and to the industry, zeal, and fidelity with which those duties have been discharged. They are deserving of the measures suggested for their recognition and reward.

An act of the last session of Congress provided for the establishment of armories at Columbus, Indianapolis, and Rock Island. By order of this Department, the selection of proper sites was intrusted to Brigadier-General Buckingham, whose report, approved by the Chief of Ordnance, is herewith submitted.* Measures to procure the needed State legislation and the approval of title will be promptly taken.

During the recess of Congress the necessities of the service required the old penitentiary of this District for the use of the arsenal, and, by your order, the convicts were removed to the State of New York, and the penitentiary buildings devoted to the purposes of the arsenal.

The attention of the Department has been earnestly directed to the forts and fortifications for coast and harbor defense. A personal inspection of these important works has been made by General Totten, the distinguished Chief of Engineers. The grants made by Congress for fortifications at its last session a mounted to $ 5,535,000 for permanent works and $ 750,000 for temporary works. The Chief of Engineers reports that these sums admitted of very material progress being made at most of the important forts now in process of construction. This has been realized in a number of instances, and in all decided advancement has been effected. Great difficulties have been experienced in obtaining supplies of materials from the quarries, stone yards, &amp; c., owing to the demands made by the war upon the classes usually employed in this kind of work. Similar trouble has been encountered in procuring transportation for materials.

Much has been done in advancing the state of readiness of our fortifications, in the principal commercial harbors, for service, in preparing for additional guns, in providing for the reception of armament of very large calibers in the existing batteries, and in placing all in effective condition for defense. Like measures have been observed with reference to naval stations and our frontiers generally.

A report by the Board of Visitors in respect to the condition of the Military Academy at West Point is submitted with the report of the Chief of Engineers.+

The officers of the Corps of Topographical Engineers, as appears been almost exclusively on duty with armies in the field, engaged in surveys and reconnaissances connected

---------------

* Omitted.

+ Report of the Board of Visitors omitted.

---------------

