
with their movements; in the collection of topographical and statistical information, and in the construction of field-works, batteries, entrenchments, block-houses, bridges, and other like duties.

The survey of the northern and northwestern lakes has been continued during the year, principally in the vicinity of Green Bay and the Fox Islands. The estimate for continuing the survey is $ 106,879.48, differing but little in amount from the last estimate.

The lake-harbor works are thirty-four in number. For want of appropriations by Congress no work has been done at any of them during the present year, with the exception of the Saint Clair light-house and beacon, and at Oswego Harbor, N. Y.

The general estimate for the completion of each harbor work, founded upon previous inspections, will be found in Appendix Numbers 2 of the report of this Bureau.

Claims for arrearage for harbors, rivers, roads, &amp; c., amounting to $ 15,000, are found on the records of the Bureau. The recommendation of the previous annual reports for an appropriation for their payment, on the approval of the War Department and adjustment by the Treasury, is renewed.

The bridging and repairs of the military and emigrant wagon road from Fort Walla Walla, on the Columbia River, to Fort Benton, on the Missouri, have been completed. The length of the road is 624 miles. The officer in charge of the work recommends that the sum of $ 70,000 be appropriated by Congress for the further improvement of the route.

It appears from the report of the Acting Paymaster-General that during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1862, the sum of $ 5,550,039.54 was paid to the regular troops; that $ 91,116,610.61 were paid to volunteers, and the $ 38,597,819.07 have been paid since the 30th of June, 1862. The report states that nearly all the regiments were paid to the 30th of June, many to the 31st of August; that some delay in payment has been occasioned by want of funds, but it is believed that all will soon be paid.

By the death of Colonel Larned a vacancy was occasioned in the office of chief of this Bureau, which, under the existing law, can only be filled by regular promotion from the corps. In my opinion, the good of the service requires a wider range of selection for this most important office. The vacancy has not yet been filled, in order that, by a change of the law, the volunteer and regular services may be open to selection of such person as you may deem most competent for the duty.

The Surgeon-General's report* affords information in respect to the sanitary condition of the Army. It also shows an expenditure of the whole appropriations of that department, amounting to $ 2,445,894.89. The number of general hospitals is 151; the number of patients in them, 58,175. The whole number under medical treatment is stated to be not short of 90,000.

The Surgeon-General represents that during the past year there have been no epidemics in the Army of any severity; that the diseases which affect men in camps have been kept at a low minimum; that scurvy has been almost entirely prevented, and that there have been but few victims of yellow fever.

This Bureau required enlargement and reorganization in many particulars, and some improvements have been made. Others are suggested which merit careful consideration.

---------------

* See p. 749.

---------------

