
of West Point, and I heartily join with Brigadier-General Bradley in offering my services to the Government. We would require no better arm than the smooth-bore musket, and of these there are thousands in our arsenals.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. THOMAS,

Major Ge., Commanding Second Div., District of Columbia Militia.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, May 26, 1862.

Major General G. C. THOMAS:

GENERAL: The rumors afloat in the city have produced a very unnecessary degree of uneasiness and alarm, and if it should produce no other effect, may to a great extent be allayed by an armed force among the citizens. I therefore beg leave to suggest an application to the proper department for arms, say from 500 to 1,000, to be issued to known and responsible men through reliable officers, and that so many and as many more as may be deemed expedient be called into service. I think I can be responsible for 500 at least, and that the number may be indefinitely increased. Although I have had no experience in the management and control of men and am familiarly acquainted with all the country about Washington. In the absence of a better man I will undertake, if the command is given to me, to give a good account of them and am ready to serve in any capacity that I can render most service. I beg leave through you to tender my services to the Government, and am,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. H. BRADLEY

Brigadier General, Commanding Third Brigadier, Militia District of Columbia.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MILITIA, Washington, May 28, 1862.

Major General R. C. WEIGHTMAN,Commanding the District of Columbia:

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War through the major- general commanding the District of Columbia.

The accompanying letter to be considered as an indorsement of the within suggestions.

GEO. C. THOMAS,

Major-General, Second Division, District of Columbia Militia.

[Second indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS MILITIA DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, Washington, May 30, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded to Brigadier General Lorenzo Thomas for the action of the Honorable Secretary of War, with the suggestion that the proposition of Brigadier General Joseph H. Bradley be favorably considered. The commanding officer of the District of Columbia believes that from twenty to thirty companies (uniformed) could be raised in a short period, if the Secretary of War favors the plan. Should he do so, the commanding officer of the District would further suggest that

