
By their assistance our armies will be able permanently to operate in and occupy the country; and in labor for the Army, in raising its and their own supplies, full occupation can be given them, and with this there will be neither occasion nor temptation to them to emigrate to a northern and less congenial climate. Judging by experience, no colored man will leave his home in the South if protected in that home. All possibility of competition from negro labor in the North is avoided in giving colored men protection and employment upon the soil which they have thus far cultivated, and the right to which has been vacated by the original proprietors deeply involved in the crimes of treason and rebellion. No great territory has been permanently reduced without depriving the leaders of its people of their lands and property. It is these that give power and influence. Few men have the commanding genius and talent to exercise dangerous influence over their fellow-men without the adventitious aid of money and of property. By striking down this system of compulsory labor, which enables the leaders of the rebellion to control the resources of the people, the rebellion would die of itself.

Under no circumstances has any disposition to servile insurrection been exhibited by the colored population in any Southern State, while a strong loyalty to the Federal Government has been displayed on every occasion and against every discouragement. By the means suggested the rebellion may be disarmed and subdued swiftly and effectually, and the lives of our own people saved from slaughter on the battle-field. By the occupation of all their ports on the Mississippi and the sea- coast, a market will be opened in every rebel State for the industry of our people to supply the wants of the Army, and also of a loyal population, in exchange for the valuable products of their labor. Another point of attack is by armed settlements upon the vacant Government lands in Florida and Texas. Thousands in the Northern and Western States are impatiently waiting the signal of military movement to plant their homes in the best territory of this continent and bring it back to the Union as loyal States. So far from the Southern States being invincible, no enemy was ever so vulnerable if the means at hand are employed against them. If your proposition for compensated emancipation and a voluntary return to loyalty be blindly rejected, still the proper application of the means at command of the Government cannot fail to accomplish the suppression of the rebellion and a restoration of those peaceful relations which were designed to be established forever on this continent by the Union of the States.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, December 1, 1862.

(Received 6.45 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Six transports detained to-day by storm will sail to-morrow morning. I sail Wednesday without fail.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

