
WASHINGTON, D. C., December 1, 1862.

Major-General BANKS,

Astor House, New York:

The President has determined to send the Fort Monroe expedition forward without any further delay. It will be ordered to-morrow. Answer whether you will join it personally or not.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NEW YORK, December 1, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch received 8.30. I have made arrangements to sail in North Star from this port Wednesday, but can go to Fort Monroe if necessary. Departure from this port I think most expeditious. Sailing orders were sent to General Emory from here yesterday.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW YORK, N. Y., December 1, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The wester to-day has been most unfavorable for embarking troops. Most of the officers are inexperienced, and the consequent delays are most vexatious. Still, a large number of vessels are in the stream ready to sail, and if we have fair weather it will be inexcusable if the fleet does not leave on Wednesday.

JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., December 1, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have received a letter from Assistant Secretary of War Wolcott announcing the decision to take no more ammunition from our arsenal. I am not surprised at this, as he acted on General Ripley's recommendation. Ripley decided the same way a year ago, but the service the arsenal has rendered since was an answer to his objections. Captain Jamison, military store-keeper, has reported here, but has specific instructions from Ripley not to receive any property not already the property of the United States. Under these instructions he declines to receive the ammunition, and defeats the purpose for which it was agreed he should be sent.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., December 1, 1862 - 5 p. m.

Governor MORTON, Indianapolis:

Your dispatch is just received. The action of the Ordnance Department on the subject referred to was without my knowledge, and I will immediately have it investigated.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

58 R R - SERIES III, VOL II

