
scrutiny before being forwarded to the Adjutant-General. They will not be so forwarded, if faulty and defective, until after they shall have notified the recruiting officer of the fact, and obtained from him, if possible, all such essential information as may be necessary to amend and perfect them.

920. When recruits should be sent to regiments a superintendent will report to the Adjutant-General for instructions in reference thereto.

921. When recruits are sent from a depot or rendezvous to a regiment or post a muster and descriptive roll and an account of clothing of the detachment will be given to the officer assigned to the command of it. And a duplicate of the muster and descriptive roll will be forwarded to the Adjutant-General by the superintendent, who will note on it the names of all the officers on duty with the detachment and the day of its departure from the depot or rendezvous.

922. The superintendent will report all commissioned or non- commissioned officers who may be incapable or negligent in the discharge of their functions. Where a recruiting party fails to get recruits from any cause other than the fault of the officer, the superintendent will transfer the party to a more eligible station. Every change so made, with the reasons therefor, will be reported to the Adjutant-General on his depot tri-monthly report.

923. When a rendezvous is closed the superintendent will give the necessary instructions for the safe-keeping or disposal of the public property, so as not to involve any expense for storage.

924. Tours of inspection by superintendents will be made only on instructions from the Adjutant-General's Office; but superintendents may order officers to visit branch or auxiliary rendezvous under their charge not oftener than once a week. The branch rendezvous to be established only by orders from superintendents, and not to be more than fifteen miles distant from the main rendezvous.

DUTIES OF RECRUITING OFFICERS.

925. Success in obtaining recruits depends much on the activity and personal attention of recruiting officers, and they will not intrust to enlisted men the duties for which they themselves only are responsible. They will in no case absent themselves from their stations without authority from the superintendent.

926. They will not allow any man to be deceived or inveigled into the service by false representations, but will in person explain the nature of the service, the length of the term, the pay, clothing, rations, and other allowances to which a soldier is entitled by law, to every man before he signs the enlistment.

927. If minors present themselves they are to be treated with great candor. The names and residences of their parents, or guardians, if they have any, must be ascertained, and these will be informed of the minor's wish to enlist, that they may make their objections or give their consent.

928. With the sanction of superintendents recruiting officers may insert, in not exceeding two newspapers, brief notices directing attention to the rendezvous for further information; or, with the approval of superintendents, may dispense with the newspaper notice and expend an amount, not to exceed $ 5 per month, in procuring posters conformable to the form prescribed.

