
936. Under the eleventh section of the act of 33 of August, 1861, chapter 38, the oath of enlistment and re-enlistment will, whenever practicable, be administered by any commissioned officer of the Army.

937. It is the duty of the recruiting officer to be present at the examination of the recruit by the medical officer.

938. Recruiting officers will not employ private physicians, without authority from the Adjutant-General's Office, for the special purpose of examining recruits prior to their enlisting.

939. If it be necessary, as in case of sickness, to employ a physician, the recruiting officer may engage his services by contract on reasonable terms, "by the visit," or by the month. If by the month, the examination of the recruits must be stated in the contract as part of his duty. In vouchers for medical attendance and medicines the name of each patient, date of, and charge for, each visit, and for medicine furnished, must be given, and the certificate of the physician added, that the rates charged are the usual rates of the place. The physician will be paid by the recruiting officer from recruiting funds.

940. Enlistments must in all cases be taken in triplicate. The recruiting officer will send one copy to the Second Auditor with his monthly accounts, a second to the superintendent with his monthly return, and a third to the depot at the time the recruits are sent there. In cases of soldiers re-enlisted in a regiment, or of regimental recruits, the third copy of the enlistment will be sent at its date to regimental headquarters for file. Enlistments must in no case be antedated, so as to entitle a soldier who applies after the period for "re-enlisting" has expired to any additional pay therefor.

941. When ordnance sergeants or hospital stewards re-enlist the recruiting officer will immediately send the second copy of the enlistment direct to the Adjutant-General, and the third copy to the station of the ordnance sergeant or hospital steward for file.

942. A premium of $ 2 will be paid to any citizen, non- commissioned officer, or soldier for each accepted recruit that he may bring to the rendezvous. If the recruit presents himself he may receive the premium.

943. The recruiting officer will see that the men under his command are neat in their personal appearance, and will require the permanent party to wear their military dress in a becoming manner, especially when permitted to go abroad.

944. Only such articles of clothing as are indispensable for immediate use will be issued to recruits at the rendezvous. Their equipment will not be made complete till after they have passed the inspection subsequent to their arrival at the depot.

945. The instruction of the recruits will commence at the rendezvous from the moment of enlistment. The general superintendent will see that all recruiting officers give particular attention to this subject.

946. Recruits will be sent from rendezvous to depots every ten days, or oftener if practicable, provided the number disposable exceeds three. The detachments of recruits will be sent from rendezvous to depots under charge of a non-commissioned officer.

947. Before recruits are sent from recruiting depots to regiments or companies the amounts due by them to the laundress and sutler, having been verified and audited, will be entered on a roll made for the purpose, and will be paid by the paymaster on his next visit at the post, the receipts of the laundress and sutler to the amounts paid being the voucher; provided the recruits have a clear amount of pay due them, over and above their dues to the Government, equal to the

