
claims of the laundress and sutler. The same amounts will be entered on the muster and descriptive roll of the recruits as "amount paid launders, or sutler" (naming them), to be deducted from the pay of the soldiers at their first subsequent payment.

948. Every officer commanding a recruiting party will procure the necessary transportation, forage, fuel, straw, and stationery, taking the requisite vouchers.

949. The transportation of recruits to depots, and from one recruiting station to another, will be paid from the recruiting funds; transportation of officers and enlisted men on the recruiting service will be paid in the same manner, e except when first proceeding to join that service or returning to their regiments after having been relieved. Officers are allowed the actual cost of transportation of their servants when changing stations, on recruiting service. Transportation of army supplies is paid by the Quartermaster's Department.

950. No expenses of transportation of officers will be admitted that do not arise under these regulations, or orders emanating from the Adjutant-General's Office; and in all cases only the actual cost of transportation, including porterage, will be refunded to officers traveling on recruiting service.

951. Whenever an officer is relieved or withdrawn from the recruiting service he will pay over the balance of any unexpended recruiting funds in his possession to the officer appointed to succeed him, or to the paymaster, if no officer be so designated; and if there be no paymaster or other proper officer convenient to receive such balance, the amount will be deposited to the credit of the Treasurer of the United States, with the most convenient Assistant Treasurer, or other depositary of public moneys. In either case the officer will forward to the Second Auditor the evidence of the disposition he may make of the funds, and report the fact to the superintendent, or to the colonel if on regimental recruiting service.

RENDEZVOUS, QUARTERING, AND SUBSISTING RECRUITS.

952. Written agreements will be made by recruiting officers for the rent of a rendezvous upon the most reasonable terms possible, and two copies thereof forwarded immediately to the Adjutant- General for approval. The rent will be paid from recruiting funds.

1204. When subsistence cannot be issued by the commissariat to recruiting parties it will be procured by the officer in charge on written contracts, when practicable, for complete rations. If the ration cannot be procured thus, then a contract will be made for board and lodging. a

1205. The contractor will send, monthly or quarterly, as he may choose, his account for rations issued to the Commissary-General for payment, accompanied by the abstract of issues certified by the officer. In case the officer makes the payment himself he will retain this abstract to accompany his voucher therefor.

1206. When convenience and economy require that the contract shall be for board and lodging, the contract shall state the amount for each separately. The contractor will be paid for board as prescribed in paragraph 1205 for rations, and for lodging by the recruiting officer from recruiting funds.

a The aggregate cost of board and lodging should never exceed 40 cents; as a general thing, experience has indicated that it should be less.

