
1207. At temporary rendezvous advertising may be dispensed with and a contract made conditioned to be terminated at the pleasure of the officer or the Commissary-General.

1208. The recruiting officer will be required, when convenient, to receive and disburse the funds for the subsistence of his party, and to render his accounts to the Third Auditor and Commissary-General, according to the regulations of the Subsistence Department.

1209. When a contract cannot be made the recruiting officer may pay the necessary expenses of subsisting and boarding his party.

1210. The expenses of subsistence at branch rendezvous, and all expenses of advertising for proposals, will, if practicable, be paid by the contractor at the principal station and included in his accounts.

1211. Issues of provisions will be made on the usual provision returns, and board will be furnished on a return showing the number of the party, the days, and dates. A ration in kind may be allowed to one laundress at each principal rendezvous.

1212. Lodging will be furnished on a return showing the number of men, days, and date for each. From these returns the abstract is made up.

BLANKS.

954. Superintendents of recruiting service will make timely requisitions for printed blanks to supply the officers on recruiting service under their charge; and such officers will address their requisitions for all printed blanks to their respective superintendents, who are enjoined to keep on hand an ample supply to meet these requisitions. Superintendents will address their requisitions as follows:

1. To the Adjutant-General. - For enlistments; re-enlistments; forms for medical inspection of recruits; muster-rolls; muster and descriptive rolls; monthly returns; tri-monthly reports; recruiting accounts current; accounts of clothing issued.

2. To the Quartermaster-General. - For estimates of clothing, camp and garrison equipage; clothing receipt rolls; quarterly returns of clothing, camp and garrison equipage.

3. To the Commissary-General of Subsistence. - For provision returns, abstracts, and such other of the forms in the subsistence regulations as may be furnished by the Subsistence- Department.

4. To the Chief of Ordnance. - For returns of ordnance stores, and such other blanks as may be furnished by the Ordnance Department.

955. Of the blanks above named, the printed forms furnished will be used. Other blanks, when required, must be ruled.

956. Blanks for the regimental recruiting service are furnished to the company commanders when not serving with the headquarters of their regiment.

FURNITURE AND STATIONERY.

957. The articles of furniture and police utensils which may be absolutely necessary at a recruiting station may be procured by the officer in charge of the rendezvous on the special authority of the superintendent.

958. Necessary stationery will be purchased monthly or quarterly, not to exceed, per quarter at each station, six quires of paper, twenty-four quills, or twenty-four steel pens and two holders, half an ounce of wafers, one paper of ink powder, one bottle of red ink, four ounces

