
of sealing wax, one quire of cartridge paper, or one hundred envelopes; one-fourth quire of blotting paper and one piece of tape. If necessary, an additional supply of one-fourth of these rates will be allowed to the recruiting officer having charge of one or more auxiliary rendezvous distant from his permanent station. At the principal depots the allowance must be fixed by the wants of the public service.

959. To each office table is allowed one instant, one wafer stamp, one wafer box, one paper folder, one ruler, and as many lead pencils as may be required, not exceeding four per annum.

960. Such blank books as may be necessary are allowed to the general superintendent and at permanent recruiting depots; also one descriptive book for the register of recruits at each permanent station. Blank books will be purchased by recruiting officers, under instructions from the superintendent.

961. When a recruiting officer is relieved the blanks, books, and unexpended stationery, with all the other public property at the station, will be transferred to his successor, who will receipt for the same.

ACCOUNTS, RETURNS, ETC.

962. The following are the accounts, returns, &amp; c., to be rendered by officers on recruiting service:

TO THE SECOND AUDITOR OF THE TREASURY.

1. Recruiting accounts current, monthly, with abstract, vouchers, and one set of enlistments. An account will be rendered by every officer who may receive funds, whether he makes expenditures or n ot during the month.

TO THE THIRD AUDITOR OF THE TREASURY.

2. (When required to disburse quartermaster's or subsistence funds), such money accounts as may be required by the regulations of those departments respectively.

TO THE ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

3. Monthly estimates for funds by superintendents.

4. Recruiting account current, monthly, with an abstract of disbursements (no vouchers). An account will be rendered by every officer who may receive funds, whether he makes expenditures or not during the month.

5. A quarterly return of stationery, books, fuel, straw, and such other property as may have been purchased with the recruiting funds, with vouchers.

6. A monthly summary statement of money received, expended, and remaining on hand, to be transmitted on the last day of each month.

7. A muster-roll of all enlisted men at the rendezvous, including the names of all who may have joined, whether by enlistment or otherwise, died, deserted, been transferred or discharged, during the two months embraced in the muster-roll. (See section II.)

8. Tri-monthly reports of the state of the recruiting service by recruiting officers, according to the prescribed form.

9. Depot tri-monthly reports of the state of recruiting service by superintendents, according to prescribed form.

TO THE SUPERINTENDENT.

10. A monthly return of recruits and of the recruiting party, accompanied with one copy of the enlistment of every recruit enlisted within the month.

11. Duplicate muster-rolls for pay of the permanent recruiting party, which may be sent direct to the nearest paymaster, when authorized by the superintendent. A triplicate of this roll will be retained at the station.

12. Muster and descriptive rolls and an account of clothing of every detachment of recruits ordered to the principal depot. If the recruits be ordered to proceed from the rendezvous direct, to join any regiment or post, these rolls and accounts of clothing will be delivered to the officer in command of the detachment, a duplicate

