
of each muster and descriptive roll only being then made and sent to the superintendent.

13. Monthly abstract of disbursements on account of contingencies of the recruiting service. Copy to be forwarded within three days after the expiration of each month.

14. Monthly estimates for funds.

15. Estimates for clothing, and camp and garrison equipage, and for arms and accouterments for six or twelve months, or for such times as may be directed by the superintendent.

16. Quarterly return of clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and of all quartermaster's property in his possession, not including property purchased with recruiting funds. Copy to be sent to superintendent.

17. Tri-monthly report. Copy sent to the superintendent.

TO THE QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL.

18. (When required to disburse quartermaster's funds, or to receive property belonging to that department), such money and property accounts as may be required by the regulations of that department.

TO THE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE.

19. (When required to disburse subsistence funds, or to receive property belonging to that department), such money and property accounts as may be required by the regulations of that department.

TO THE CHIEF OF ORDNANCE.

20. A quarterly return of arms, accouterments, ammunition, and of all ordnance stores.

RULES FOR MAKING ACCOUNTS AND PAPERS.

963. The following rules must be observed in making out and forwarding accounts and papers:

1. Letters addressed to the Adjutant-General "on recruiting service" will be so indorsed on the envelopes, under the words "official business;" if on recruiting service for volunteers, they will be indorsed "on volunteer recruiting service" under those words. a

2. The funds of one department must not be used to liquidate the debts of another.

3. If an officer's station is changed, o r he be temporarily relieved from recruiting duties, his money accounts will not be closed; they will be kept open till the end of the quarter, so that all money received and disbursed in the quarter may be embraced in one account.

4. Officers, in signing accounts and papers, must give their rank and regiment or corps.

5. Each voucher must be separately entered on the abstract of contingent expenses, and only the gross amount of the abstract must be entered on the account current.

6. No expenditure must be charged without a proper voucher to support it.

7. The receipt to the voucher must be signed, when practicable, by a principal. When this is not practicable, the recruiting officer will add to his own certificate a statement that the agent is duly authorized to sign the receipt.

8. When an individual makes "his mark," instead of signing his name to the receipt, it must be witnessed by a third person.

9. Expenditures must be confined to items stated in the regulations. In an unforeseen emergency, requiring a deviation from this rule, a full explanation must be appended to the voucher for the expendire; and if this be not satisfactory, the account will be charged in the Treasury against the recruiting officer.

10. In all vouchers the different items, with dates and cost of each, must be given. To vouchers for transportation of officers, a copy of the order under which the journey was performed must be appended.

11. In vouchers for medical attendance and medicines, the name of each patient, date of and charge for each visit, and for medicine furnished, must be given, and the certificate of the physician added, that the rates charged are the usualh voucher for notices inserted in newspapers or posters a copy of the notice or poster will be appended.

a NOTE. - All packages of mail matter addressed to the Adjutant- General should state the contents under the words "official business," as follows: "For Books and Blanks," "Vol. Rolls and Returns," "Regular Rolls and Returns," "Certificates of Disability," "Pension Papers," &amp; c.

