
979. Boards for the inspection of recruits will be composed of the commanding officer, the senior medical officer of the army present, and, if possible, the three senior regimental officers present on duty with the troops.

REJECTED RECRUITS.

980. In all cases of rejection the reasons therefor will be stated at large in a special report to be made by the Board, which will also show when, where, and by whom the recruit was enlisted. This report, together with the surgeon's certificate of disability for service, will be forwarded by the superintendent or commandant of the post direct to the Adjutant-General. In all such cases the commanding officer will cause the articles of clothing which may have been issued to the recruit, with the price of each article, to be indorsed on the certificates of disability. If the recommendation of the Board for the discharge of the recruit be approved, the authority therefor will be indorsed on the certificate, which will be sent back to be filled up and signed by the commanding officer, who will return the same to the Adjutant-General's Office. In all cases the superintendent or commander will cause an extract of the proceedings of the Board of Inspectors to be furnished the officer making the enlistment. Upon receipt of this extract the officer will promptly render a special report, in explanation, to the Adjutant-General.

981. The Board will state in the report whether the disability, or other cause of rejection, existed before his enlistment; and whether, with proper care and examination, it might not have been discovered.

DESERTERS.

155. If a soldier desert from, or a deserter be received at, any post other than the station of the company or detachment to which he belonged, he shall be promptly reported by the commanding officer of such post to the commander of his company or detachment. The time of desertion, apprehension, and delivery will be stated. If the man be a recruit, unattached, the required report will be made to the Adjutant-General. When a report is received of the apprehension or surrender of a deserter at any post other than the station of the company or detachment to which he belonged, the commander of such company or detachment shall immediately forward his description and account of clothing to the officer making the report.

156. A reward of $ 5 will be paid for the apprehension and delivery of a deserter to an officer of the Army at the most convenient post or recruiting station. Rewards thus paid will be promptly reported by the disbursing officer to the officer commanding the company in which the deserter is mustered, and to the authority competent to order his trial. The reward of $ 5 will include the remuneration for all expenses incurred for apprehending, securing, and delivering a deserter.

157. When non-commissioned officers or soldiers are sent in pursuit of a deserter, the expenses necessarily incurred will be paid whether he be apprehended or not, and reported as in case of rewards paid.

158. Deserters shall make good the time lost by desertion, unless discharged by competent authority.

159. No deserter shall be restored to duty without trial, except by the authority competent to order the trial.

160. Rewards and expenses paid for apprehending a deserter will be set against his pay when adjudged by a court-martial, or when he is restored to duty without trial on such condition.

