
161. In reckoning the time of service and the pay and allowances of a deserter, he is to be considered as again in service when delivered up as a deserter to the proper authority.

162. An apprehended deserter, or one who surrenders himself, shall receive no pay while waiting trial, and only such clothing as may be actually necessary for him.

1065. The incidental expenses of the Army paid through the Quartermaster's Department include * * * the expenses of the pursuit and apprehension of deserters. * * *

RECRUITS SENT TO REGIMENTS.

982. An officer intrusted with the command of recruits ordered to regiments will, on arriving at the place of destination, forward the following papers:

1. To the Adjutant-General and the superintendent, each, a descriptive roll and an account of clothing of such men as may have deserted, died, or been left on the route from any cause whatever, with date and place; also, a special report of the date of his arrival at the post, the strength and condition of the party when turned over to the commanding officer, and all circumstances worthy of remark which may have occurred on the march.

2. To the commanding officer of the regiment or post the muster and descriptive roll furnished him at the time of setting out, properly signed and completed by recording the names of the recruits present, and by noting in the column for remarks, opposite the appropriate spaces, the time and place of death, desertion, apprehension, or other casualty that may have occurred on the route.

983. Should an officer be relieved in charge of a party of recruits en route before it reaches its destination, the date and place and name of the officer by whom he is relieved must be recorded on the roll of the party. Without the evidence of such record no charge for extra pay on account of clothing accountability of the party, where equal to a company, will be allowed.

984. The "original muster and descriptive roll" of every draft, with remarks showing the final disposition of each recruit, and the regiment and letter of the company to which he may be assigned, will be signed and forwarded to the Adjutant-General by the commanding officer who makes the assignment. If the recruits embraced in one roll happen to be assigned to different posts, the original roll is to continue with the last party to its destination, each commander completing it so far as concerns the recruits left at his post. When this is not practicable, extracts from the original roll are to be made by the authority which distributes the recruits, to accompany the several parties, and to be forwarded to the Adjutant-General as in case of the original roll.

REGIMENTAL RECRUITING SERVICE.

985. The regimental recruiting will be conducted in the manner prescribed for the general service.

986. Every commander of a regiment is the superintendent of the recruiting service for his regiment, and will endeavor to keep it up to its establishment; for which purpose he will obtain the necessary funds, clothing, &amp; c., by requisition on the Adjutant- General.

987. At every station occupied by his regiment, or any part of it, the colonel will designate a suitable officer to attend to the recruiting duties; which selection will not relieve such officer from his company or other ordinary duties. The officer thus designated will be kept constantly furnished with funds, and when necessary with clothing and camp equipage.

