
988. The regimental recruiting officer will, with the approbation of the commanding officer of the station, enlist all suitable men. He will be governed, in rendering his accounts and returns, by the rules prescribed for the general service, and when leaving a post will turn over the funds in his hands to the senior company officer of his regiment present, unless some other be appointed to receive them.

(Extracts from General Regulations of the Army.)

ARTICLE XLI.

PUBLIC PROPERTY, MONEY, ACCOUNTS, AND CONTRACTS.

992. The Treasury Department having provided, by arrangement with the assistant treasurers at various points, secure depositories for funds in the hands of disbursing officers, all disbursing officers are required to avail themselves, as far as possible, of this arrangement by depositing with the assistant treasurers such funds as are not wanted for immediate use and drawing the same in convenient sums as wanted.

993. No public funds shall be exchanged except for gold or silver. a When the funds furnished are gold and silver, all payments shall be in gold and silver. When the funds furnished are drafts, they shall be presented at the place of payment, and paid according to law; and payments shall be made in the funds so received for the drafts, unless said funds or said drafts can be exchanged for gold and silver at par. If any disbursing officer shall violate any of these provisions he shall be suspended by the Secretary of War and reported to the President, and promptly removed from office or restored to his trust and duties, as to the President may seem just and proper. (Act August 6, 1846.)

994. No disbursing officer shall accept or receive, or transmit to the Treasury to be allowed in his favor, any receipt or voucher from a creditor of the United States without having paid to such creditor, in such funds as he received for disbursement, or such other funds as he is authorized by the preceding article to take in exchange, the full amount specified in such receipt or voucheremed to be a conversion to his own use of the amount specified in such receipt or voucher. And no officer in the military service charged with the safe-keeping, transfer, or disbursement of public money shall convert to his own use, or invest in any kind of merchandise or property, or loan with or without interest, or deposit in any bank, or exchange for other funds, except as allowed in the preceding article, any public money intrusted to him; and every such act shall be deemed to be a felony and an embezzlement of so much money as may be so taken, converted, invested, used, loaned, deposited, or exchanged. (Act August 6, 1846.)

995. Any officer who shall directly or indirectly sell or dispose of, for a premium, any Treasury note, draft, warrant, or other public security in his hands for disbursement, or sell or dispose of the proceeds or avails thereof without making returns of such premium and accounting therefor by charging it in his accounts to the credit of the United States, will forthwith be dismissed by the President. (Act August 6, 1846.)

a NOTE. - United States Treasury notes are also to be used by disbursing officers, according to acts approved February 25 and July 11, 1862.

