
996. If any disbursing officer shall bet at cards or any game of hazard, his commanding officer shall suspend his functions and require him to turn over all the public funds in his keeping, and shall immediately report the case to the proper bureau of the War Department.

997. All officers are forbid to give or take any receipt in blank for public money or property; but in all cases the voucher shall be made out in full, and the true date, place, and exact amount of money, in words, shall be written out in the receipt before it is signed.

1000. No officer disbursing or directing the disbursement of money for the military service shall be concerned, directly or indirectly, in the purchase or sale, for commercial purposes, of any article intended for, making a part of, or appertaining to, the department of the public service in which he is engaged, nor shall take, receive, or apply to his own use any gain or emolument, under the guise of presents or otherwise, for negotiating or transacting any public business, other than what is or may be allowed by law.

1002. No officer or agent in the military service shall purchase from any other person in the military service, or make any contract with any such person to furnish supplies or services, or make any contract with any such person to furnish supplies or services, or make any purchase or contract in which such person shall be admitted to any share or part, or to any benefit to arise therefrom.

1003. No person in the military service whose salary, pay, or emoluments is or are fixed by law or regulations, shall receive any additional pay, extra allowance, or compensation in any form whatever, for the disbursement of public money, or any other service or duty whatsoever, unless the same shall be authorized by law and explicitly set out in the appropriation.

1004. All accounts of expenditures shall set out a sufficient explanation of the object, necessity, and propriety of the expenditure.

1005. The facts on which on account depends must be stated and vouched by the certificate of an officer or other sufficient evidence.

1006. If any account paid on the certificate of an officer to the facts is afterward disallowed for error of fact in the certificate, it shall pass to the credit of the disbursing officer and be charged to the officer who gave the certificate.

1007. An officer shall have credit for an expenditure of money or property made in obedience to the order of his commanding officer. If the expenditure is disallowed it shall be charged to the officer who ordered it.

1009. When a disbursing officer is relieved he shall certify the outstanding debts to his successor, and transmit an account of the same to the head of the bureau, and turn over his public money and property appertaining to the service from which he is relieved to his successor, unless otherwise ordered.

1014. No officer has authority to insure public property or money.

1015. Disbursing officers are not authorized to settle with heirs, executors, or administrators, except by instructions from the proper bureau of the War Department upon accounts duly audited and certified by the proper accounting officers of the Treasury.

1017. No public property shall be used, nor labor hired for the public be employed, for any private use whatsoever not authorized by the regulations of the service.

1027. If any article of public property be lost or damaged by neglect or fault of any officer or soldier, he shall pay the value mage, or cost of repairs, at such rates as a board of survey, with the approval of the commanding officer, may assess,

