
according to the place and circumstances of the loss or damage. And he shall, moreover, be proceeded against as the Articles of War provide, if he demand a trial by court-martial, or the circumstances should require it.

1029. If any article of public property be embezzled, or by neglect lost or damaged, by any person hired in the public service the value or damage, as ascertained, if necessary, by a board of survey, shall be charged to him and set against any pay or money due him.

1030. Public property lost or destroyed in the military service must be accounted for by affidavit, or the certificate of a commissioned officer, or other satisfactory evidence.

1031. Affidavits or depositions may be taken before any officer in the list, as follows, when recourse cannot be had to any before named on said list, which fact shall be certified by the officer offering the evidence: First, a civil magistrate competent to administer oaths; second, a judge-advocate; third, the recorder of a garrison or regimental court-martial; fourth, the adjutant of a regiment; fifth, a commissioned officer.

1033. No officer making returns of property shall drop from his return any public property as worn out or unserviceable until it has been condemned, after proper inspection, and ordered to be so dropped.

1039. a Every officer of the United States who shall receive public money which he is not authorized to retain as salary, pay, or emolument, will render his accounts monthly; and such accounts, with the vouchers necessary to the correct and prompt settlement thereof, shall be rendered direct to the proper accounting officer of the Treasury, and be mailed or otherwise forwarded to its proper address within ten days after the expiration of each successive month. And in case of the non- receipt at the Treasury of any accounts within a reasonable and proper time thereafter, the officer whose accounts are in default will be required to furnish satisfactory evidence of having complied with this paragraph; and for any default on his part the delinquent officer shall be deemed a defaulter and be subject to all the penalties prescribed by law. (Act July 17, 1862.)

1049. a Contracts shall be made in quintuplicate; one to be kept by the officer, one by the contractor, two to be sent to the military

bureau - one of which for the office of the Second Comptroller of the Treasury - and one copy to the Return Office of the Department of the Interior, within thirty days after the contract is made; together with all proposals, and a copy of any advertisement published by the officer making the contract touching the same, attached and verified in the manner required by the act approved June 2, 1862.

1053. It is the duty of every commanding officer to enforce a rigid economy in the public expenses.

LIST OF FORMS.*

Numbers 1. - Poster.

Numbers 2. - Form for examining recruits (regulars and volunteers).

Numbers 3. - Enlistments (regulars).

Numbers 4. - Enlistments and re-enlistments for volunteers.

Numbers 5. - Re-enlistments (regulars).

Numbers 6. - Tri-monthly report (regulars and volunteers).

Numbers 7. - Tri-monthly report for depot (regulars and volunteers).

a Revised.

---------------

* All forms omitted.

---------------

