
Numbers 8. - Return of regimental recruiting party, both regular and volunteer.

Numbers 9. - Return of regimental recruiting service (regulars and volunteers).

Numbers 10. - Return of recruiting party, general service (regulars).

Numbers 11. - Return of general recruiting service (regulars).

Numbers 12. - Consolidated return of volunteer recruiting service.

Numbers 13. - Descriptive list (regulars).

Numbers 14. - Account of clothing issued to recruits.

Numbers 15. - Muster and descriptive roll of recruits and muster- in roll for recruits for volunteer regiments.

Numbers 16. - Estimate of funds.

Numbers 17. - Summary statement.

Numbers 18. - Account current.

Numbers 19. - Abstract of disbursements.

Numbers 20. - Officers" transportation.

Numbers 21. - Transportation of recruits.

Numbers 22. - Purchases.

Numbers 23. - Commutation of quarters.

Numbers 24. - Postage.

Numbers 25. - Pay-roll of premiums.

Numbers 26. - General voucher.

Numbers 27. - Abstract of lodgings.

Numbers 28. - Contract for subsistence.

Numbers 29. - Voucher for purchase of rations.

Numbers 30. - Abstract of rations issued.

Numbers 31. - Property return.

APPENDIX.

1. The volunteer recruiting service will be conducted according to the Regulations of the Recruiting Service for the United States Army, as far as they are applicable, except where special directions have been given by the War Department. The existing directions are given in this appendix, and such others as may be necessary, from time to time, will be published in general orders from the Adjutant-General's Office.

2. The recruiting service in the various States for the volunteer forces already in service, and for those that may be received, is placed under charge of general superintendents for those States, respectively, with general depots for the collection and instruction of recruits.

3. Both the superintendents and the location of the depots are announced in orders from the Adjutant-General's Office.

4. The superintendents detailed will take charge of the recruiting service in the various States to which they are assigned; they will take posts at their general depots, which will be under their immediate command. Upon the requisition of the superintendents a suitable number of volunteer officers, non- commissioned officers, and privates will be detailed for duty in the staff department and as drill-masters at the respective depots.

5. A disbursing officer of the fund for "collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers," will be assigned to each depot, and will be under the direction of the superintendent.

6. Commanding officers of volunteer regiments or independent companies will take measures to keep the strength of their commands up to the maximum standard of organization.

59 R R - SERIES III, VOL II

