
to organize a regiment of mounted men instead of infantry. If the regiment is intended for service in Kentucky in the present emergency a regiment of infantry would be of comparatively little value. Bands of mounted rebels are prowling about the country, committing acts of depredation and outrage, and they are generally mounted on the best horses in the country, stealing always the best they can find, moving with such rapidity from point to point that it would be and is impossible to operate against them effectively without mounted men. The board think the mounted men could be raised at once and without difficulty, all preferring that service and all desiring to be in that arm of the service which promises most usefulness. The board would direct its efforts to raise mounted men are generally practiced shots and superior horsemen, and where many of them could be recruited who would be familiar with the topography of the country in which they would be required to operate at present. The board beg to present these consideration as may be entitled to. The presence of an active military force in Kentucky is becoming daily more necessary. Rebels are becoming more defiant, but give us the mounted regiment and in the hands of good partisan leaders, and we have them who are ready to enter the field at once, and ten days will not have elapsed before a manifest change in things will be apparent in Kentucky.

I am, very respectfully,

JNO. W. FINNELL,

Adjutant-General of Kentucky Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 28, 1862.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

All uniformed and equipped companies of volunteers that are or can be immediately organized and equipped will be accepted by companies, mustered and mounted for organization into regiments. Any volunteer cavalry companies that can be forwarded immediately will be accepted.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BOSTON, May 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

By the old army regulation civilians were entitled to $2 for every able-bodied man they recruited. This was changed by the regulations. Will you allow me to employ civilians and pay them $1 for every recruit they enlist? It will facilitate recruiting very much. It is, indeed, almost absolutely necessary. Please answer by telegraph.

JNO. A. ANDREW.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 28, 1862.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

The old regulation allowing civilians pay for recruits was repealed by act of Congress. This is understood to be a prohibition of any

