
7. For this purpose two commissioned officers, with one non- commissioned officer of private from each company, will be detailed from time to time to report in person to the superintendents of the recruiting service for their respective States. The full number will not be detailed if a less number will suffice to fill up the regiment.

8. The officers and non-commissioned officers will be detailed for a tour of six months, and will be assigned as recruiting parties to rendezvous by the superintendents; if found inefficient or incompetent they will be relieved and replaced by others.

9. Nominations for these details will be made by the colonels and the order for detail given by commanders of departments or army corps.

10. Parties so detailed will recruit for their respective regiments, and not for the general volunteer service. They will, however, be under the direction of the general superintendent.

11. Immediately upon their arrival at their stations, or, if more convenient, upon their way thither, the commissioned officers thus detailed will report in person or by letter to the nearest U. S. mustering officer, who will give them instructions in the matters of recruiting, the expenses proper to be incurred therefor, and the rendition of their accounts with proper vouchers.

12. Mustering officers will muster into service and administer the oath of allegiance to such regiments or recruits brought to them as may present conclusive evidence of their acceptance by the War Department.

13. The superintendents will establish the rendezvous and so arrange for the rent, subsistence of recruits, and other expenses that the charges may be reasonable, and that the bills therefor may be certified to by the recruiting officers in charge and presented for payment to the disbursing officers at the general depots.

14. Enlistments of volunteers will be made upon printed forms, furnished for the purpose. They will in all cases be made in duplicate. Volunteer recruits must be examined and mustered into the service of the United States by a duly authorized mustering officer, commissary or assistant commissary of musters, as soon after enlistment as practicable. This officer will give such as are rejected (called rejected recruits) a regular discharge from service under this enlistment.

15. Recruits will be sent, as often as may be necessary, in small squads to the ge list and both copies of the enlistment of each man. The descriptive list will be examined, and if correct be filed with the records of the depot. One copy of each enlistment will be delivered to the disbursing officer to assist him in the examination and verification of accounts, and will be sent with those accounts at the end of each month to the Second Auditor, at Washington. The second copy will be sent by the superintendent to the Adjutant-General of the Army, with a consolidated return of the recruiting parties for the month, on the first day of the succeeding month, or as soon thereafter as practicable.

16. Recruiting officers will send to the superintendents a return of their recruiting parties for each month on the first day of the succeeding month. They will also make tri-monthly reports of the state of the recruiting service to the superintendent, and the superintendent will forward a consolidated tri-monthly report to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

