
completed and they have been inspected by the mustering officer for the State subsistence will be provided by the Subsistence Department. Whenever facilities for cooking can be furnished to the troops, whether in squads or larger bodies, subsistence will be issued in kin, as recor if other articles are substituted the cost of the whole must not exceed the regular supplies), and will be paid for at rates not exceeding the current prices at the place of purchase. If the rations cannot be contracted for at a reasonable rate, subsistence will be procured in bulk and issued to the volunteers. In no case should the cost of the ration, uncooked, exceed 19 cents, and at most of the points in the Western States it should not exceed 14 cents. When cooking facilities cannot be furnished, contracts for the rations, cooked, may be made at reasonable rates, and the necessity for the same must be clearly stated on the accounts. When board and lodging are necessary the prices for each should be stated, and the aggregate cost of both must not exceed 40 cents per day.

Fourth. Necessary transportation of volunteers prior to completion of company organization and muster into service as a company. After completion of such organization and muster transportation will be paid by the Quartermaster's Department. Transportation will be at the rate of 2 cents per mile for railroad travel and at the current rates for stage and steam-boat fare.

Fifth. Rent of grounds and buildings for camping purposes, cost of erection of quarters, of cooking-stoves when absolutely necessary, of clerk and office hire, when authorized by the Adjutant-General, and of all expenses incidental to camps of rendezvous.

Sixth. Knives, forks, tin cups, spoons, and tin plates for volunteers.

Seventh. Necessary medicines and medical attendance prior to organization of regiments or the mustering in of the regimental surgeons.

Eighth. Actual railroad, stage, or steam-boat fare necessarily incurred by authorized agents in raising or recruiting volunteers. Ninth. Advertising. The officers recruiting will be authorized to advertise for recruits in not more than two English and, where necessary, two German daily papers, by short notices, for each rendezvous under their charge; and likewise to have, in cities, not more than 200 posters or handbills for each company, and one-fourth of that number for the country.

Tenth. Fuel and straw, previous to company organization, according to the allowance for the Regular Army.

Eleventh. All other expenses allowed for recruiting in the regular service not herein mentioned, and incurred for volunteers previous to their muster into the U. S. service.

24. Recruiting officers claiming reimbursement must specify in their bills the place and date of expenditure; the items and amount; the company and regiment for which the expense was incurred; the names of the recruits, accompanied by the receipt of the party to whom payment was made, and by a certificate of the officer or person incurring the expense that the amount charged is accurate and just, and that it was necessary for the public service, and that the recruits were actually mustered into the U. S. service after the expenditure was incurred.

25. All recruits for volunteer organizations will be mustered into the service of the United States on Form Numbers 15, which will also be

