
used for muster and descriptive rolls. These muster-inn rolls will be made out in quadruplicate and disposed of as follows: Great care must be taken by the mustering officer to have one copy of the muster-in roll of every recruit filed in the Adjutant General's Office, one copy in the office of the Paymaster- General, and one in that of the adjutant-general of the State to which the regiment for which the soldier was enlisted belongs; the fourth copy goes with the soldier to his regiment and is disposed of as directed in the noted on the blank.

Addenda to a later edition.

The Provost-Marshal-General is charged with conducting the recruiting service of the Volunteer Army of the United States. Accounts should therefore be rendered to him and directions received from him. The rolls, enlistments, recruiting returns, and papers of that class will be rendered to the Adjutant-General as heretofore.

For paragraph 19, page 78 [931], read:

To facilitate the raising of volunteer regiments, officers recruiting therefor are authorized to enlist their men into service as enrolled. As soon as enlisted these men will be sent, with descriptive lists, to the camps of rendezvous, to be mustered into service. The cost of transportation from place of enlistment to camps of rendezvous will be paid from the fund for collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., December 2, 1862.

Major-General BANKS,

Astor House, New York:

I had not seen yours of 6.45 last evening when directed by the President to order General Emory to move. As you have given him sailing orders, I shall not interfere. It is very important that you should go personally as early as possible. I leave you to imagine the reasons.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NEW YORK, N. Y., December 2, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

A portion of the expedition sailed to-day, and the remainder, with the exception of a few unimportant transports, will leave to-morrow.

JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War.

BOSTON, December 2, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

General Banks has asked me to recruit for him another three- years" artillery battery. Will you authorize it?

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.

