
NEW YORK, N. Y., December 4, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I shall leave this port about 11 this morning. Weather yesterday prevented. General Andrews stays in command of the remainder of the expedition and will report to you. He has a list of troops we take and leave. Emory was to sail to-day, weather permitting. Have sent sailing orders to Corcoran, at Newport News, and he will go in a few days - as soon as he can receive transportation, now being provided.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

MADISON, WIS., December 4, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

It is almost four weeks since I advised you of the arrest of men who forcibly resisted draft in Ozaukee County. They were arrested under President's proclamation, to be tried by court-martial. They are in General Pope's custody, but should be tried at once. To release on parole or to keep them without trial would be unjust and very injurious. Has no conclusion been arrived at yet? Please answer.

E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

FRANKFORT, KY., December 5, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am raising two regiments of State militia to operate in conjunction with your forces in the mountains of Kentucky to extricate [extirpate] guerrillas and marauders. They will be paid and subsisted by the State, but we are unable to clothe them, and they are naked and unable to clothe themselves. There are many thousand suits of clothes and blankets in Louisville which have been condemned as unfit for issue. Is it possible for you to place 2,000 or 3,000 of each subject to my order? It will enable me to render efficient a noble body of mountain soldiers, and will save from suffering poor men who have sacrificed everything to their loyalty. Answer at once.

Yours,

J. F. ROBINSON.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 200 Washington, December 6, 1862.

It is known that many officers are absent from their commands without authority, upon one pretext or another. It is the intention of the Department to dismiss without honor and without pay all such officers. They are hereby commanded to return without delay to duty upon pain of having their disgraceful discharge published in newspapers, as well as in general orders.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

