
referred these inquiries to you, but have not yet received answers to them.

Since my appointment as Provost-Marshal-General I have also acted as provost-marshal for the State of New York, which, on account of the city of New York being the focal point of troops arriving and departing and returning from the field both of that State and of all New England, has required my constant care and attention. I have also made several visits to this city to confer with you and attend in person to the duties of my office here, and by your order proceeded to Portland, Me., and investigated the cases of two persons arrested upon charges of disloyal practices. I have made no arrests of any kind whatever other than of deserters except by your order or that of the assistant judge-advocate, and excepting one case hereinafter referred to.

I have caused investigations to be instituted which I hope will lead to the conviction and punishment of parties who have committed frauds in connection with the payment of bounties.

I caused the arrest of one person in the city of New York who was accused of stealing bounties, and after investigation turned him over to the civil authorities. He has been indicted and will shortly be tried.

I have received from all parts of the country numerous applications for appointments, but in no single instance have I made any appointments except of those names furnished by the War Department; and so far as I can gather from a brief experience the persons who have received those appointments from you are attentive, intelligent, loyal, and worthy of your confidence.

It is proper that I should explain in this connection that Mr. Lafayette C. Baker, the provost-marshal appointed by you for this city, has not reported to me or been to any extent under my direction. In reply to an inquiry addressed to him with regard to some business done by him, I received the following communication from the Department:

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 18, 1862.

Honorable SIMEON DRAPER,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: L. C. Baker, provost-marshal of the War Department, in accordance with his general instructions, has brought to this Department your letter of yesterday, asking him for information in relation to certain blankets seized at Alexandria. When Mr. Baker was appointed to his present office he was informed that he would receive instructions from the Secretary of War, to whom he was directed to report. Mr. Baker's acts do not come within the scope of your supervision. If you want information for a proper object in relation to Mr. Baker's official acts you may apply to this Department and I shall take pleasure in furnishing it, but Mr. Baker is not at liberty to do so. If you are in possession of information important for Mr. Baker to know, you will please communicate the same to this Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

The compensation of these special provost-marshals has not been fixed and nothing has been paid to them. For the payment of expenses no other provision has been made than that mentioned in Order Numbers 92, allowing a reward of $ 5 for each deserter captured and the expenses of his arrest.

Payments under this order have generally been made by the disbursing officers of the Army, but latterly in New York and at some other points they have ceased to make them, and the officers making arrests find it impracticable to obtain even reimbursement of the money expended.

