
immense number of desertions and the public interest suffers terribly in consequence, it is quite practicable to remedy the evil in a great measure if adequate means are provided. Under the system I am about organizing it will be all but impossible for aa deserter to remain in the country and escape arrest.

I have been repeatedly and earnestly applied to by the assistant provost-marshals appointed by you for specific instructions to enable them to secure the deserters in greater numbers. These have been uniformly referred to the War Department, but on account of the pressure of other important public business this subject has been necessarily deferred.

If early provision had been possible for this exigency I am of opinion that full 30,000 deserters could have been regained by this date to strengthen the Army in the field.

I respectfully request your attention to the following points:

First. To filling by appointment the vacant districts, in order that the service may not be neglected in any part of the country.

Second. To limit and define the local jurisdictions of the several provost-marshals, or authorize me to do so.

Third. To determine the number of deputies to be allowed and the manner of appointing them.

Fourth. To fix the amount of compensation and expenses and the mode of payment.

Fifth. It appears to me expedient and desirable that a permanent office and headquarters should be established at the city of New York for the Eastern States, and one at Cincinnati for the West, to both of which I can give personal attention, and to which, respectively, correspondence from the Eastern and Western States shall be addressed.

In conclusion, I beg leave to say that my whole course since I entered upon the duties of this office, kindly tendered to me by you, has been governed by the sense of duty to country, overpowering all other considerations, which since the first traitorous assault upon our flag has impelled me to devote my time, energies, and efforts to the public service without regard to personal interests. If I have anything to regret, it is only that it has not been in my power to render more efficient service.

I have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. DRAPER,

Provost-Marshal-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., December 6, 1 862.

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Four of the batteries authorized by your dispatch of August 23, three-years" service, are fully organized and mustered. Two others are organizing. These men were raised upon the statement of their recruiting officers that they would receive advance pay and bounty. I myself thought it was so agreed by your Department, but Colonel Carrington and Paymaster McClure declined to pay without special authority. I earnestly recommend it may be given, as almost utter demoralization of the batteries will ensue, involving great trouble, if refused.

O. P. MORTON.

