
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 201. Washington, December 8, 1862.

In making out accounts for expenditures connected with the drafting and organization of the militia in the several States, under the act of Congress approved July 17, 1862, the following rules will be observed:

1. The accounts and vouchers must be in duplicate and receipted, and must be transmitted to the Adjutant-General of the Army, through the Governors of the States, with such remarks as they may see fit to make upon them.

2. Each claimant will state distinctly in his account (see form*) the items of charge for services or for supplies and all necessary expenditures made by him, for which vouchers must accompany the account.

3. Enrolling officers, appointed by the Governors of States. Their accounts must state the number of days they were actually employed, and between what dates; the district; the number of names enrolled by them, and the gross amount of compensation.

These accounts must be certified by the Governor as reasonable and just and forwarded by him. Under ordinary circumstances the compensation may be $ 3 per diem.

4. Commissioners to superintend drafting, "compensation $ 4 per diem for each day actually employed." Their accounts must state the number of days actually employed, and between what dates; the number of names on the rolls transmitted to them; the number of men drafted; the number of men delivered at the camp of rendezvous; the location of the camp, and its distance from the county seat where the draft was made. These accounts to be approved and forwarded by the Governor.

5. Examining surgeons, one for each commissioner. Compensation at the rate of $ 4 per day if not commissioned in the U. S. service. Their accounts must show the number of days they were actually employed, and between what dates; the number of persons examined; and must be certified by the commissioner for drafting as to the number of those who, on the report of the surgeon, have been exempted, and be approved and forwarded by the Governor. The surgeon must also add his affidavit that he has received no fees or other consideration from or on behalf of any person examined by him.

6. Surgeons who examine drafted men for disability. Their accounts will state the time and date of actual service; the number of men examined; the number and names of men discharged; the reasons therefor; the compensation per diem;ded by the Governor, and be sworn to by the surgeons, as in the case of "examining surgeons."

7. Commandants of camps. If already in the service of the United States, they will receive the pay of their grade in the service. If not in the U. S. service, their compensation will be at the rate of $ 5 per day. Their accounts must state the number of days, and between what dates, they were actually employed, the location of their camp, and its distance from their residence, and must be approved and forwarded by the Governor.

8. Subsistence of drafted men before going into camps of rendezvous. These accounts will be made by the parties furnishing subsistence, and will state the number of men subsisted each day, the date,

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

