
the number supplied with cooked rations on leaving the county seat, and the number of days" supply; also, the price of each ration. These accounts will be certified by the commissioner and be approved and forwarded by the Governor.

9. Transportation accounts will state the date, number of men transported to camps of rendezvous, and distance traveled, and will be certified by the commissioner in charge of the men and be approved and forwarded by the Governor.

10. Persons discharged for disability or illegal draft will be transported from camps of rendezvous to the county seat whence they came on passes given by the commandant of the camp, stating name, date, cause of discharge, and distance traveled. These passes will form vouchers for transportation accounts, which must be certified as just and proper by the persons making the accounts, and be approved and forwarded by the Governor.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., December 8, 1862.

His Excellency Governor MORTON,

Indiana:

The batteries authorized by this Department August 23 will receive advance pay and bounty the same as infantry and cavalry volunteers.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., December 8, 1862.

His Excellency Governor SALOMON,

Madison, Wis.:

The report of Commissioner Pors has been referred to Major- General Pope with full instructions concerning the prisoners.

By order of Secretary o f War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. C. S. TROOPS ON SHENANDOAH MOUNTAIN, VA.,December 9, 1862.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

SIR: Day before yesterday Mr. Job Parsons, a citizen of Tucker County, in this State, personally well known to me as a man of the highest respectability, came to this camp to enlist under my command. He was pursued by eight of the enemy's cavalry for many miles, but his superior knowledge of the mountains enabled him to elude his pursuers and escape. He handed to me the inclosed original papers, which had been served upon him by the military authorities at Saint George. A similar assessment was made upon Mr. Parsons" father for

