SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 388. Washington, December 10, 1862.

* * * * * * *

8. The signal officer of the Army is hereby instructed to organize a reserve camp of instruction near Washington, D. C., to which officers designate as requiring instruction will be ordered to report from time to time in small detachments. They will be then brought before a board and rigidly examined as to their qualifications for duty. Those approved will then be carefully instructed in the branches pertaining to military telegraphy. When deemed prepared for duty as signal officers they will be again examined before being ordered to the field, and, passing this examination, they will be held subject to orders.

The signal officer will cause reports to be made to him upon which he will base recommendations as to the relief from signal duty, to rejoin their regiments, or for the discharge from service of those found incompetent or worthless.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, December 12, 1862.

Brigadier-General BUCKINGHAM:

I recommend that all camps of rendezvous in this State, save those of Cleveland, Chase, and Dennison, be broken up; that the drafted men ordered to rendezvous at Mansfield and Zanesville be sent to Camp Chase; that those ordered to Marietta and Portsmouth be sent to Camp Dennison. I further recommend that all the provost-marshals of this State, save Weatherly, Noble, and Jones, be discharged from further service. Immediate attention to this will save expense.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., December 12, 1862.

His Excellency Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

The Secretary of War desires all the drafted men to be sent into the field as soon as possible, instead of concentrating them in fewer camps. I have not the name of Jones as provost-marshal.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, December 12, 1862.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The drafted men have been sent to the field, save the sick and stragglers. Camps must be maintained for these. I was mistaken in supposing that Jones was marshal; I should have said Wilstach. I renew the recommendation of this morning.

DAVID TOD.

60 R R - SERIES III, VOL II

