
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., December 13, 1862.

His Excellency Governor TOD:

The Secretary of War desires to know how many drafted men have been sent to the field from Ohio.

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

In round numbers were drafted 12,000, of which 2,900 were discharged for various causes, 4,800 enlisted by themselves or by substitutes in the three-years" service, 2,400 were sent to the field as drafted men; the balance, 1,900, are either sick or failed to respond, of which I expect to get about one-half. I desire that all the camps of rendezvous, save Cleveland, Chase, and Dennison, be discontinued, and that all the provost-marshals, except Weatherly, Noble, and Wilstach, be discharged.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

HARRISBURG, PA., December 13, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

All the organized drafted men have left this State. I saw the last regiment leave Chambersburg yesterday, and this regiment, I think, will prove to be the most efficient. It is commanded by Colonel McKibbin, an officer of the Regular Army, who has already distinguished himself. He is a fine soldier, untiring in his efforts, and I would like to see his regiment placed in the field. The two companies for Cockeysville are here, being armed and equipped, and will be placed in position on Monday morning. General Wool desires a regiment for provost duty; this can soon be organized from the drafted men now coming in. All drafted men will be sent to Camp Curtin for organization, except those arriving at Philadelphia to be organized there for the regiment desired by General Wool. I have called for reports, to show the number of drafted men made available. This accomplished, I might close my duties here. To collect the balance of the drafted men the appointment of provost-marshal will be necessary, and with a provost guard many stragglers can be arrested and sent to their regiments.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., December 15, 1862.

Governor ROBINSON,

Frankfort:

Your application for clothing for the State militia was received and approved by this Department. The order has been delayed in order to get returns from the Quartermaster's Department of the quantity

