
on hand of the description mentioned by you and the places where deposited. By report I learn to-day that some portion is at Louisville, but quantity is not stated. As soon as that information can be had I will arrange for issues to be made on your requisition.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 397. Washington, December 16, 1862.

* * * * * * *

2. Special Orders, Numbers 159, from headquarters of the Western Department (Saint Louis, September 10, 1861), by authority of Major-General Fremont, establishing a sanitary commission (Western), is hereby approved and continued, with to said commission of extending its labors to the camps and hospitals of any of the Western armies, under the direction of the assistant surgeon-general, Colonel R. C. Wood, or the senior medical officer of the Medical Department.

The commission will consist of the original members appointed - James E. Yeatman, C. S. Greeley, J. B. Johnson, George Partridge, and W. G. Eliot - until otherwise ordered.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 16, 1862.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding at New Orleans:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War has received your letter of the 4th instant submitting the proposition of the banks of New Orleans to send their specie at present within the lines of the Southern Confederacy on board of some war vessel to England or France, to be kept there safely and returned at the termination of the war, and asking instructions as to the course to be pursued in the matter.* In reply, I am instructed to inform you that the Department, after due consideration of the arrangement thus proposed by the banks of New Orleans, feels compelled to withhold its sanction therefrom.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, December 16, 1862.

The Secretary of State has the honor to communicate to the Secretary of War a dispatch from the U. S. consul at London, with a letter which is undoubtedly genuine.

The Secretary of State begs leave to suggest that the general in command in New Orleans, through the aid of Colonel Hamilton, of Texas, may soon be able, if properly instructed, to break up the disloyal wagon traffic described in the letter.

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. XV, p. 603.

---------------

