
An order came here a few days ago for 600,000 blankets suitable for soldiers; they will be sent in a short time if no force is sent on the line of the Rio Grande River to stop them.

Agents are scattered through this country contracting for all the flour and corn that can be had. They have secured in advance, by buying all the wheat, the flour made on this frontier and as far in the interior as San Luis Potosi.

There is no lack of means at the control of the Confederate agents here to buy whatever can be needed. They have still in Texas any quantity of cotton, which, when sent here, is bought up with such eagerness that the price in the last month has advanced from 15 to 35 cents per pound.

Large trains are daily leaving for the different points on the Rio Grande, though most of them go to Eagle Pass, load, shoes, leather, cloth, cotton goods of all kinds, coffee, rice, sugar, powder, saltpeter, sulphur, medicines, and, in fact, almost everything needed to supply the wants of the rebels.

I copy a few lines from an article in a Texas paper, headed "High prices," in which, after speaking of the enormous prices asked for goods there, and asking why this should be, they add:

Nor does the Yankee blockade, which excludes foreign merchandise from many ports of the Confederacy, explain it, because our supplies are procured from Mexico, to which country, by a special provision of our Congress, the people of Texas are permitted to take their cotton.

More goods go into Texas from Mexico than could possibly go in were the ports on the whole coast of Texas thrown open to them.

At this time agents are here, with over $ 200,000 at their disposal, buying quartermaster's supplies and a large train of wagons for a new brigade that is being got up by John R. Baylor (formerly U. S. Indian agent) for another invasion of New Mexico and Arizona. The intention of Baylor is not to enter the Territory by El Paso, as General Sibley did, but to go from Austin, where his headquarters now are, to Fort Mason and from there to take the Fort Riley road as far north as the Red River, taking from there a northwest course, until he strikes the Santa Fe road, at which point he will wait to intercept the trains carrying the spring supplies to the New Mexican army. By doing this he expects to starve General Canby into a surrender and take the whole of the country occupied by him. Baylor's command numbers about 3,000 men.

According to the suggestions contained in the letter to this office from the Assistant Secretary of State, dated July 17, I have sent to matamoras about sixty refugees, whom I learn from the consul at that place have all been sent to New Orleans as recruits in the U. S. Army.

Thtime scattered about this frontier over 1,000 men ready to join the first U. S. forces sent to the Rio Grande. A few are occasionally Orleans to join the army there; but most of them prefer to go back into Texas and revenge themselves for the barbarous acts of the rebels on the Union men there. I have recently been called upon by Captain Peter Basterdes in regard to raising in Texas, along the line of the Rio Grande, a regiment of soldiers to operate in that State in connection with the forces which may be sent from the North. He thinks that there would be no difficulty in quickly filling up a regiment from the refugees now in Mexico and Union men in Texas. As I understand him he only wishes to have a commission sent to him as colonel and that he will undertake to raise the regiment without expense to the Government. Captain Basterdes

