
number and kind of arms with which it was furnished, specifying also under which call the several organizations were furnished, viz: First, under the call of April, 1861, for 75,000 men; second, under act of Congress, for 500,000 men; third, under call of July, 1862, for 300,000 men; fourth, under the draft.

Returns in response to the circulars were promptly made by all the States except three, of which your own is one.

This Department is greatly embarrassed for want of this information, and you are therefore respectfully urged to cause the proper officers to make the returns called for without delay.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

(Same to Governor Curtin, of Pennsylvania, and Governor Morgan, of New York.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 25, 1862.

Brigadier General G. L. ANDREWS,

194 Broadway, New York:

All remaining troops designed for Banks" expedition will rendezvous at Fort Monroe, and report by telegram to these headquarters for orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 216. Washington, December 26, 1862.

Hereafter, as soon as the muster into service of any force is completed the mustering officers will report the fact to the commanding general of the department in which they are serving. They will, at the same time, transmit a return of the troops, and state when they will be equipped and ready to march.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 417. Washington, December 28, 1862.

By direction of the President it is ordered that His Excellency Governor Gamble may, in his discretion, remove from office all officers of the peculiar military force organized by him in Missouri (except the major-general, in regard to whom special provision is already made), and he may accept resignations tendered by such officers, he notifying this Department of each such acceptance, when his action thereon will be confirmed. And his previous action in similar cases is hereby confirmed.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

