SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 418. Washington, December 29, 1862.

* * * * * *

30. In accordance with instructions from the War Department of April 22, 1862, the organization known as the Birge's Sharpshooters (claimed both as an Illinois and Missouri regiment) will be considered as an Illinois regiment, and the officers will be commissioned by the Governor of that State. This order will not be to the prejudice of any officer now in the organization who holds a commission from the Governor of Missouri.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., December 29, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Four hundred men of the Seventy-first Indiana, guarding trestle- work at Muldraugh's Hill, were yesterday surrounded and taken by Morgan's force and the trestle-work destroyed. It is of the first importance that it be rebuilt at once, and I have telegraphed General Wright at Cincinnati, urging him to gather up all the bridge-builders at Cincinnati, Pittsburg, and other cities for that purpose. The preservation of Rosecrans" army may depend on it. I am informed that the enemy are supplied with artillery to destroy our steam-boats on the Cumberland. Morgan's force is simply mounted infantry. Very few of his men have sabers, and they fight on foot. Their horses are used only for rapid marching. They must be met by the same kind of force. I recommend that a number of regiments of infantry be mounted as soon as it can be done. I should be glad to have authority to mount ten Indiana regiments. I could give them neither sabers nor carbines, but let them keep their rifles and bayonets. Unless this is done speedily this roving, predatory warfare will instantly destroy our communications and wear out our armies. I came here this evening, and find the city full of rumors. The enemy are said to be within twenty-five miles, but whether advancing or not is not known. I recommend that efforts be made at once to send Rosecrans" supplies by the way of the Cumberland and by Green River and Bowling Green. I do not believe he has three weeks" supplies, and with all diligence the railroad cannot be repaired in that time.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

