
years or during the war, the regiments of which are to be recruited in the State of Arkansas. In consequence, and until other arrangements can be made, you will please designate a suitable officer, in the service of the United States, to act for the time being as mustering officer, and whose additional duty it will be to organize the said force, as recruited, into companies. Each regiment will be organized as prescribed by act of Congress.* After instructions will be given as to the appointment of the regimental and company officers, who are to be approved by the War Department. The enlisted men will be mustered into service as enrolled, but no officer of any class will be mustered until further instructions from this Department. After such instructions issue, the following rules concerning the said officers will govern.* Supplies of clothing, arms, and equipments will be furnished by the respective departments concerned, on the requisitions of the mustering officer.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 22, 1862.

Honorable JAMES H. LANE, Kansas:

SIR: You are hereby notified that you have been appointed by the Secretary of War commissioner for recruiting in the Department of Kansas. You are requested to proceed forthwith to raise and organize one or more brigades of volunteer infantry, to be mustered into the service of the United States for three years or during the war. For this purpose full authority is hereby conferred upon you to establish camps and provide for the maintenance of discipline and the supply of the troops with the munitions of war. On your requisition the commanding general of the department will issue supplies of arms and accouterments, clothing, camp equipage, and subsistence. Transportation for recruits and recruiting officers will be furnished on your requisition or refunded on vouchers in the usual form, accompanied by your order directing the movement. It is recommended that the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 75, current series, be followed as far as possible in organizing companies, to the end that muster-rolls may be uniform and authentic. This is necessary in order to secure justice to the soldier and prevent confusion in accounts and loss to the Government. In performing these duties you are authorized to visit such places within the Department of Kansas as may be necessary, for which purpose transportation will be furnished you by the commanding general on your requisition, or the cost of the same will be reimbursed by the Secretary of War from the Army contingent fund. You will be expected to report frequently to this Department the progress and prospects of the work, and to make any suggestion that may occur to you from time to time as useful in facilitating its accomplishment. This appointment may be revoked at the pleasure of the Secretary of War.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Details omitted.

---------------

