
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. D., October 16, 1862.

Brigadier General J. M. SCHOFIELD, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Missouri, Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have respectfully to acknowledge the receipt of your indorsement of the 25th ultimo, asking for additional instructions concerning the brigade of Arkansas troops authorized by authority of this Department dated July 14, past. In reply I am directed to inform you that the regimental and company officers will be appointed by the military governor of Arkansas. After appointment and muster their names will be forwarded for the approval of the Secretary of War. The organization for infantry given in General Orders, Numbers 126, current series, from this office, will take the place of that given in the written authority of July 14, and not more than one regiment will be in process of recruitment at one time. The adjutant, quartermaster, and medical officers may be mustered in at any time during the recruitment of the regiment they are intended for, when, in the opinion of the military governor, the public interests will be promoted thereby. The commanding general of the district will direct his adjutant-general to act as mustering officer for the regiment. Printed instructions for his guidance are inclosed herewith.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, October 20, 1862.

It is hereby ordered that all persons who may have actually been drafted into the military service of the United States and who may claim exemption on account of alienage, will make application therefor directly to the Department of State or through their respective ministers or consuls.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 20, 1862.

Pursuant to the above order the proper officers are directed to report to the Department of State the cases to which the order refers.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Sent to Governors of loyal States by the Secretary of State.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

October 21, 1862.

GOVERNOR OF OHIO, Columbus, Ohio:

Your telegram received.* If aliens apply to be exempt from draft you have authority from the Secretary of War to grant the requests. Also the discharge persons of this class who have been drafted.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Tod to Stanton, October 20, p. 674.

---------------

