
in one case been allowed, and it would no doubt facilitate enlistment; but it does not appear to be sanctioned by any law or existing regulation, and has been productive of some evil. It is therefore concluded to be inadmissible. In declining three- months" enlistments it was not designed to refuse actual existing organizations that could enter at once into service. Did you so understand it? What time will we be likely to receive some troops from your State?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS STATE OF NEW YORK, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Albany, May 29, 1862.

SIR: I am directed by His Excellency Governor Morgan to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 27th instant, inquiring for what term of service the militia regiments from this State were accepted. The Governor desires me to inform you that all these regiments were accepted for three months unless sooner discharged, excepting the Seventh, which was accepted for thirty-days" service, only.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 29, 1862.

Governor MORGAN,

Albany, N. Y.:

A telegram from Colonel W. H. Allen, New York, through Senator King, applies for quarters and commissary stores for the Stanton Legion which he is raising. He has been directed to apply to you, as the Department, warned by difficulties arising from former independent organizations, will only receive troops through the instrumentality of the respective Governors.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 30, 1862.

ORDER RESPECTING MUSTERING AND PAY OF RECENT ENLISTMENTS.

Governor I. WASHBURN,

Augusta, Me.:

All regiments of militia or of three-months" volunteers who have offered their services under the recent call of the War Department, and who have so far perfected their organization as to be able to report for orders at Saint Louis, at Columbus, Ohio, or at Washington City, by the 10th of June, will be mustered into the service of the United States for three months from that date, the pay of each volunteer or militiaman commencing from the date of his enlistment.

