
boarded and inspected by the quarantine surgeon. Vessels arriving from or having touched at any of the following-named points, together with their officers, crews, passengers, and cargo, will be subject to a quarantine of not less than ten days, except such as shall be hereafter designated:

Havana, Matanzas, Trinidad, Cardenas, and Santiago, all of the island of Cuba; Kingston, Port Royal, Montego Bay, on the island of Jamaica; Jacinet and Port and Prince, on the island of Saint Domingo; the islands of Saint Thomas, Martinique, and Guadeloupe; Campeche, in Yucatan; Belize, in Honduras; Vera Cruz, Alvarado, Tampico, Matamoras, and Tuspan, in Mexico; San Juan, in Nicaragua; Chagres, Aspinwall, and Porto Bello, in Central America; Maracaibo, La Guayra, in Venezuela; Island of Trinidad; Rio de Janeiro, Para, and Cayenne, in South America; Nassau, New Providence; and Galveston, Key West, Pensacola, and New Orleans, in the United States.

Vessels in the service of the United States will not be retained in quarantine when on inspection by the surgeon they are found not to be infected by any contagious disease. The surgeon-in-chief of the U. S. forces on the Rio Grande will see that this order is properly executed.

By command of Major-General Herron:

WM. H. CLAPP,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., May 23, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Third Brigade, First Division, Seventh Army Corps:

SIR: You will send a scout of 400 men under proper officers to Jenkins' Ferry, to start early to-morrow morning, provided with three days' rations. Guides will report to you from Captain Smith's company of independent scouts. It is reported that a body of the enemy's cavalry, numbering 100 to 300 men, was to cross the Saline River to-day at Pratt's Ferry (7 miles above Jenkins') to reconnoiter and conscript. The object of the scout to start in the morning is "to ascertain the truth of this report, get information generally, and clean out any parties of rebels that may be about."

By order of Brigadier General F. Salomon:

GEO. W. BURCHARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A party of my men have just returned from a scout in the direction of Pine Bluff. Do not think that any force has crossed the river above the Bluff. Will send a large party to-morrow to scout the country from near the Bluff to Bear Skin Lake.

O. WOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

