
rado Volunteer Artillery, of the 1st instant; also a dispatch from Major O'Brien, commanding at Cottonwood. I have some fears that the latter has reference to Lieutenant George S. Eayre, First Independent Battery, Colorado Volunteer Artillery, with one section of the battery, two mountain howitzers, and 40 men, Company D, First Cavalry of Colorado, who went out from here on the 24th day of April, 1864, in pursuit of Indians (Cheyennes) who stole Irwin, Jackman &amp; Co.'s cattle.

I instructed him to report by couriers until he was near to Lyon or Larned which he did up to the 1st day of May, since which time I have heard nothing from him, but felt no uneasiness until now, for the reason that high water has caused great irregularity of mails, particularly from the south. I telegraphed to Major O'Brien to give any information he could, also send by courier to Fort Lyon for any information they had of the whereabouts of Lieutenant Eayre's command. These Indians I fear are going to give our out settlements a bad time this season. Most of the First Cavalry of Colorado are now on the march for the southeast corner of this district, and all but two companies are under orders for the same destination. One company is left at Fremont's Orchard and one at Fort Garland.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding District.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.*] CAMP 160 MILES SOUTHEAST OF DENVER, May 1, 1864

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

SIR: After having examined the country adjacent to my former scout and ascertaining that the Indians had not been in the vicinity since my departure I pursued a southeast course, being persuaded that the Indians had taken that direction when to-day, May 1, being on one of the branches of the Smoky Hill, I had incontestible evidence of the correctness of my impressions from the fact that a large trail (some 100 lodges) had preceded me but a few days, having come direct from the Republican. I am convinced that the Cheyennes have not yet banded together, but are roaming the prairies in detachments. The trail of one I think I am on and will follow with the greatest possible dispatch. My animals are all in good condition and the command is in perfect state of health. From your special instructions I consider it imperative to send messenger and only regret that I have nothing definite to communicate, but trust my next will be of a more interesting character. I design following the trail, let it lead where it will; can therefore not conjecture where I will be three days hence, but expect ultimately to put in at Fort Larned.

Withi this very unsatisfactory report, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. EAYRE,

Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment.

---------------

*Inclosure Numbers 2. embodied in Maynard to Wynkoop, May 23, p. 14.

---------------

