
it from post at mouth of Long Lake. If not, and we cannot do otherwise, of course we must for the present abandon that part of the place. I hope, however, for better things.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Brackett's battalion reached Sioux City.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 28, 1864

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Saint Peter:

COLONEL: Herewith you will receive an order relieving the companies of the Sixth Minnesota Volunteers, with Second Battalion, Second Cavalry, detached from expeditionary force for that purpose, the changes to be made under your general directions. It is the wish of General Sibley that Companies E and F be stationed on the line north, and G and H south of the Minnesota River. The probability is that these arrangements will be but temporary as the diminution of force caused by the withdrawal of the Sixth Regiment from this district may necessitate the withdrawal of nearly all the troops from the small outposts. With regard to this you will be early informed, as dispatches are on their way to these headquarters by mail which will determine the whole question. The order for the dispatch of the Sixth has not been made public, and to avoid unnecessary excitement it may be well to keep matters as quiet as possible.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 29, 1864-8.30 p.m. (Received 30th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

A telegram of this morning from General Butler giving extracts from the rebel papers as to the retreat of Banks, contains the following suggestion, which is submitted for your directions:
HEADQUARTERS,May 29, 1864-10.30 a.m.

In view of this news, as the Nineteenth Army Corps is disengaged, I respectfully suggest that it be sent by water to land here or at West Point, in reach of General Grant. General Weitzel, who so well knows the military situation in Louisiana, concurs in the suggestion. It can reach here in fourteen days to re-enforce army depleted by fresh battles to be fought in the mean time.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

