HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 29, 1864

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of West Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to acknowledge the receipt of the communication of Lieutenant-Colonel Stibbs, commanding detachment of Twelfth Iowa at the mouth of White River, together with your indorsement thereon, and to inform you in reply that the forces sent to the mouth of the White River was intended as a guard at that place, and in sufficient force to act against small parties of guerrillas in that neighborhood if they should intend to harass the transports carrying troops and supplies that had been ordered to General Steele. On learning from Captain Prichett that the troops and supplies were passing up without molestation, and that White River was sufficiently patrolled by gun-boats, orders were given to reduce the force at the mouth of White River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. S. GRAY,

Captain, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIST DIVISION, U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Vicksburg, Miss., May 29, 1864

Colonel A. W. WEBBER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Goodrich's Landing, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: By direction of the general commanding I inclose herewith copy of Special Orders, Numbers 43, of this date, directing Colonel Wood's command to proceed to Milliken's Bend, La., the post of Lake Providence to be evacuated, and the Fifty-first and Sixty-sixth Regiments U. S. Colored Infantry concentrated at Goodrich's Landing under your command.

That portion of the Fifty-first Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry at Milliken's Bend will not, however, be ordered to Goodrich's Landing until Colonel Wood reports that he no longer requires their services for perfecting the works at that place. The detail of men ordered from Battery D, Second Regiment U. S. Colored Artillery (light), will be directed to report to Colonel Wood without delay. He takes with him from this place the section of artillery. You will have entire control of the post and defenses at Goodrich's Landing, and will report all military operations direct to district headquarters, sending only monthly and tri-monthly returns and regimental official papers through these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. B. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., U. S., COLORED TROOPS, Numbers 43. Vicksburg, Miss., May 29, 1864

* * * * * *

IV. The post of Lake Providence, La., will be evacuated and that portion of the works which would be of service to the enemy

