HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., May 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER,

Commanding Detachment Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will hold your command in readiness to march at a moment's notice, with two days' rations, with ambulances but without wagons. You will park your wagons in a secure place, where they will be under the protection of the First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, and the gun-boats.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 29, 1864

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps, Morganza:

Your dispatch of this afternoon is received. No men of the Thirteenth Army Corps will leave Morganza until at least a portion of the Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, arrives there. General Ullmann also reports the enemy across the Atchafalaya. Your instructions from General Canby require you to keep the enemy on the other side of the Atchafalaya, because they charge you with keeping the Mississippi open below the mouth of Red River.

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S. - I have endeavored to notify General Arnold, through commanding officer at Donaldsonville, to co-operate with you.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES, Numbers 123. Morganza, La., May 29, 1864

* * * * * *

2. The First Indiana Battery, of the Thirteenth Army Corps, Lieutenant Jacoby commanding, being without guns, will proceed to New Orleans with its men and horses and harness, and report to the chief of artillery, Department of the Gulf. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

3. The three companies of the Ninetieth New York Volunteers, Major Smart commanding, will constitute the provost guard of the U. S. forces at this point and will report to Major W. H. Sentell, provost-marshal at these headquarters, for duty. Major Sentell will detail one or two companies, according to the number of steam-boats, to report directly to Captain Sawtelle, assistant quartermaster, to guard the steam-boats and prevent incendiarism. All persons not belonging to the armies of the United States will at once leave here or obtain permission to remain from these headquarters. No persons not in the service of the United States, and those not wearing the insignia of their rank, office or condition will be allowed to approach within 100 yards of the steam-boats, except on written permission

