
whose lives and property are likewise periled by the defenseless condition in which are left. We have also to take into consideration the malcontent, and disloyal elements in our midst, including a powerful armed secret organization of conspirators, who only wait an opportunity to rise and aid in the work of murder, arson, and rapine. Fearing the delay that may arise in hearing from you, I have reiterated these points in a telegram to the War Department of this date, asking that such orders and instructions be issued as the emergency may demand. Whatever I may think of the course pursued by the War Department toward me as an officer, I have no hesitation in assuring you of my cordial co-operation in the great work you have on hand for clearing the West Mississippi Division of rebels.

I am, very truly, yours,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 29, 1864

Brigadier General JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General of Missouri:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to desire his Excellency the Governor to order into active service two regiments of infantry of the Enrolled Missouri Militia, to report to the major-general commanding the department for duty in the city of Saint Louis. It is desirable that they should be in readiness for duty by the morning of the 1st proximo, to relieve troops ordered to the field. The two regiments will be regularly mustered into the service of the United States for 100 days, but will be sooner discharged should the requirements of the public service permit. The regiments, when mustered, will be paid by the United States, and will be governed by the rules and articles of war governing the armies of the United States.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

On the suggestion of the adjutant-general of the State, the regiments may be called out for thirty days and relieved by others.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding Department of the Missouri.

ENROLLED MILITIA, HEADQUARTERS STATE OF MISSOURI, SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 78. Saint Louis, May 29, 1864.

Upon the application of Major-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Missouri, Brigadier General E. C. Pike, commanding First Military District, Enrolled Missouri Militia, is hereby instructed to order into active service, without delay, two regiments of his command, for the period of thirty days, for duty in the city of Saint Louis, to relieve troops in the U. S. service now leaving said city for threatened points.

