
As soon as the term of thirty days' service of the regiments above named has expired, he will supply their places with two more regiments, of at least equal strength, for the same period, and when the term of service of the latter named shall have expired, he will in like manner relieve them by two regiments of equal strength for a similar period, unless otherwise ordered, so that the service of two regiments shall be had to the United States during the entire period of say, 100 days, as requested in the communication* of Major-General Rosecrans, of this day's date, a copy of which is herewith transmitted. These troops are to be mustered into the service of the United States for the period above mentioned, and will be mustered out as they are severally relieved. General Pike will cause the commanding officers of the two regiments first detailed to report to General Thomas Ewing, jr., commanding District of Saint Louis, with their commands for duty, upon the morning of June 1, proximo.

By order of Commander-in-Chief:

JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General of Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, May 29, 1864

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Commanding Saint Louis, District, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you call in the detachment of the Seventh Kansas Cavalry under the command of Captain Moorhouse, with orders to report to the headquarters of the regiment, unless you have such information as would seem to imperatively demand its presence where it now is.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., May 29, 1864

General EWING,

Commanding:

A squad of our men killed the notorious guerrilla, Captain Watson, of the swamp thieves, at Gum Slough yesterday. They were sent out from Bloomfield. He was one of the worst of outlaws-as bad as Bolin. Nat. Bolin, with 20 guerrillas, was heard from yesterday on Horse Island. Forty men have been sent out to kill them.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

PILOT KNOB, May 29, 1864

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

The battalion of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry that I have here is well armed; discipline tolerably good; have been, I think, a very hard set. They are fairly drilled, and in all a very effective set of men. If they are ordered away from me I had just as well do with

---------------

*See preceding.

---------------

