
these headquarters. Be careful that the whole country is not filled with rumors. Since messenger arrived this town is all on fire of rumors, and not from what was contained in dispatches. You will forward documents to Major Wynkoop. If you send party to Smoky Hill inform them that it is indispensable to be vigilant. I cannot see now Lieutenant Eayre could have been injured unless he was caught napping or fast asleep. Teams are en route to your camp; must be in very nearly as soon as this reaches you. Captain Backus will leave in the morning. I cannot believe that Lieutenant Eayre's command is cut off. Major Wynkoop's letter only shows that he was not at Larned on the 18th instant, and it was not expected he would be in there before the 25th.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 29, 1864

Colonel M. T. THOMAS:

Commanding Expeditionary Forces, Fort Ridgely:

COLONEL: Recent advices from Brigadier-General Sully require a change in the route to some extent, as laid down in the instructions sent you by Captain Kimball. You will instead of crossing the James River at the point designated, cross it on the route marked as Captain Sully's route of 1856, on Warren's map so as to pass the head of Snake River where he did, and immediately upon arriving at James River you will dispatch 3 or 4 of your best scouts acquainted with the country along Nicollet's trail, in the direction of East Medicine Knoll River, until they meet General Sully's scouts, who will have his orders to you as to the point of junction with his command.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 30, 1864

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

I learn that Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey, now chief engineer of the Nineteenth Army Corps, has been recommended for advancement. From all that I have learned of this officer, and from my own observations, I think this is well merited and if he should be appointed I have the honor to ask that he may be ordered to report to me.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 30, 1864.

Captain JOHN M. WILSON,

Corps of Engineers, A. I. G., Mil. Div. of West Miss.:

SIR: The commanding general directs that your office be established in this city until after you have completed the transfer of

