
This arrangement will be made: At Memphis, Tenn., for 800 cavalry and one battery; at Vicksburg, Miss., for 1,200 cavalry and two batteries; at New Orleans, La., for 2,000 cavalry and three batteries.

* * * * *

5. The Nineteenth Army Corps and the additional forces designated for service in the field, under the instructions given to Major-General Banks, will report direct to the major-general commanding the division, but the returns required by regulations will be made, as usual, to the commander of the department while this force is operating within its limits.

6. Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, U. S. Volunteers, is detailed for special service, and will report by letter to the major-general commanding the division.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant-Adjutant General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 30, 1864

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: Will you please order Major-General Reynolds to report to me at Natchez on the 5th instant, or as soon after as he can be spared. He will be required only for a day or two. I shall probably be in New Orleans in the coming of next week.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MORGANZA, LA., May 30, 1864

Brigadier General M. K. LAWLER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The day before yesterday 60 men went out to fix the telegraph line in the direction of Port Hudson and have not been heard of yet. If they have fallen in the hands of the enemy they must be recaptured if possible. If as Colonel Davis' note, which you have read, seems to indicate the force of the enemy is overestimated by Colonel Chrysler, and if it should turn out that there are but few on this side of the Atchafalaya, you will cause the cavalry to make a rapid raid down the Grossetete as far as Livonia, and farther if you deem it necessary, returning by one of the cross-roads and coming out on the river road. I, however, leave everything to your discretion, based on information received on the spot, relying on you to chase the enemy out of this neighborhood, and if possible across the Atchafalaya, and recapturing if possible the missing men. This is sent by Colonel Flanders, who returns to take command of his regiment. The above is communicated by direction of General Emory.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General

