
Marmaduke. I give it as it comes. Major Price, just from Platte County, says Captain Woods reports arms of a company stolen by bushwhackers Saturday night from Camden Point, and hears of eight companies bushwhackers organized in that neighborhood. Captain Woods is apprehensive of attack on him at Weston. Other matters look belligerent.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

(Copy to General C. B. Fisk.)

WASHINGTON, D, C., May 23, 1864-5 p.m.

General J. W. DAVISON,

Saint Louis:

Mount the Second Iowa and send it to the field.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 23, 1864.

Captain J. M. RITCHEY,

Commanding Post, Newtonia:

CAPTAIN: In reply to your communication, of date May 20, 1864, the general commanding directs me to say that there has been no intention at these headquarters to abandon the post of Newtonia. Troops will be kept there as long as necessary, which, with the present condition of affairs, will be a continual occupancy of the post.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Saint Louis, May 23, 1864.

Since we have had the trouble at Hermann there have been not less than 50 crossed the Missouri at different times going north. Some encamped below Portland on the north side of the river. There is an island just below Portland where they generally make their crossing, and I understand from the information I have received that they have gone north for the purpose of stirring up the people to guerrilla warfare, and making them believe that Price was coming with 40,000 men this summer to assist them. If 20 cavalry were sent up to this island, or the neighborhood, most of these men could be caught. If they were stationed there in that neighborhood they would catch a great many of them as they come, as they are crossing all the time. The island is called McGirk's Island and is below Portland. They have threatened, from information I have received, that they would attack Hermann.

These men come from Arkansas and undoubtedly belong to Price's army. They are of the same gang that the militia had a fight with

