
out that he intended to attack the stockade on the Highland road, 7 miles from here, but my information thinks, what is more probable, intending to raid on the coast plantations.

W. P. BENTON.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, May 30, 1864

Colonel A. H. RAYN,

Cadron Ferry:

The district commander wishes you to occupy Lewisburg whenever you can, but not Dardanelle. Hereafter you will report direct to General Carr. The state of your subsistence supplies should command your attention.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CADRON FERRY, May 30, 1864

Brigadier-General CARR:

Commanding District:

I will occupy Lewisburg this evening. Do you wish the telegraph office to remain here or moved to Lewisburg? I would like to have it moved there. A portion of the Fourth Arkansas Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, is here. Are they to remain? If so, I will place him in charge of the ferry and mill at this place if you think it best. A scout is just in from above. Colonel Cloud is in command at Clarksville, with about 700 men. Coffee, who has been in Dover conscripting in that vicinity has started for Shelby, leaving Jackman to superintend conscription, &amp;c. Detachment just in from Major Childress; left him Saturday at Richwoods. Shelby Friday evening was at Batesville; had not crossed the river at that time. Colonel Geiger left Springfield this morning.

Respectfully.

A. H. RYAN

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., May 30, 1864

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Commanding, Cadron:

You can move the telegraph office to Lewisburg. Lovejoy's battalion is ordered to join you. When it does, relieve the Fourth Arkansas, under Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, and order him to report to Brigadier-General Salomon. Try to clean out the conscriptors. You can rely upon it that whenever you need support it shall be furnished you to the fullest extent in my power, and that I shall keep my attention constantly directed upon you. Report every day, or oftener, even if you have no news. It would be a great advantage to us to have the telegraph through to Fort Smith, even if it only held for a few hours.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

