
Arkansas River by a rebel force in the aggregate large than your present force. Your attention is called to the fact that the troops in your department are scattered among more than fifty separate posts or stations thus virtually inviting separate attacks upon weak detachments. By concentrating your forces upon a less number and more important positions, you will be much better able to repel any advance of the rebels.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 30, 1864

(Received 10.10 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I have no such telegram as your dispatch of to-day calls for. There is a clerical error in my dispatch of yesterday. It should read, "More in the aggregate than my present force in any one district." When I assumed command of this department, I found the forces distributed to protect person and property and to restore law, order, and industry, especially tillage, as far as possible, over the State. My dispositions have assumed this as the fundamental policy of the Government in this department. My letter of March 10, recommending a combination of all the forces west of the Mississippi, looked to the economical accomplishment of this, a primary incident. My dispatch of yesterday was to advise the Government of facts which, coupled with sending away the force ordered to General Canby, showed there was danger that this could not be done and secure our depots. Knowing the Government wished me to abandon the policy of protecting the people and country so far as might be rendered necessary by the diminution of my forces to secure the more vital military objects, or whether it would order other forces or the calling out of State militia to secure protection to the people. I now further state that a steady force and little change in officers for our prison guards are so essential that I ask for 500 first-class veteran reserves, if they can be had. Dispatches referred to about the rebels crossing the Arkansas are sent to the Adjutant-General.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 30, 1864

(Received 10.20 p.m.)

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

The following extract from telegrams alluded to in my dispatch of yesterday are sent for the information of the War Department:

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., May 21, 1864

(Via Cairo, 25th.)

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General Shelby has crossed the Arkansas at Dardanelle and the last heard from was moving in a northerly direction. His forces are variously estimated from 2,500 to 5,000 and ten 14-pounder Parrotts. They are all well mounted.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

