
measures to return them. I was near Mr. Blais' store all the time we remained in town, except about fifteen or twenty minutes, when I was on the bluff. My men all behaved remarkably well in every respect. No plundering or rioting was committed; if it had been I would have known it or heard of it at the time.

A buggy was procured, as soon as possible, to convey the wounded man, when I left with all my command. Before leaving, when my men were all in line, I proposed to citizens to give three cheers for Lincoln, which ws responded to by about one-half of the crowd, which was composed of 80 or 100 men. Before entering the village I said to my command that we were on an important expedition, and that no citizens should be molested in any way without my orders; and while in town I took every precaution to see that everything was properly conducted, and have always been able to maintain good order and discipline in my company. Mr. Lee is a stranger to me, of whom I know nothing.

Mr. Blais is undoubtedly a copperhead, for a short time since, at an election in Prairie due Rocher, he took a Republican vote from a Mr. Levrie, with an oath that he (Mr. Levrie) was a Black Republican and a traitor to his country, and that he could not cast any such votes there; also, at another time he said that any man that indorsed the administration of President Lincoln could not stay about him.

This will at any time be sworn to by several citizens who live near Prairie du Rocher, and heard him say it. I cannot close without expressing my heartfelt thanks for the privileges extended to me while under arrest with such grave charges. At the same time I keenly feel the wrong and gross injustice done me and my company by the false communication of A. H. Lee and affidavits of Blais, Cooner, and Unger, and trust they will be compelled to make proper amends.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. MILKS,

Captain Co. H, Third Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., May 30, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE:

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 28th.

The two statements referred to by you are neither of them true, and the reliable authority is either a very ignorant or a very untruthful party. The inclosed copy of a letter of instructions issued from these headquarters March 1,* and reports made in conformity thereto, together with other more important reports that have been referred to department headquarters, during the past month, are the only contradictions necessary to the charge against the troops in this command of a "want of activity." Some individual cases have required noticing when there seemed to be a want of efficiency.

The reports from the other sub-districts are of little import, as there have not been any bands of guerrillas in them up to the date

---------------

*See Part II, p. 478.

---------------

