
at Harrison, Crawford County. I understand they have got a regular mail from the South passing through Cuba, on the Southwest Branch, about 3 miles above. That is the information I got. If there were some men scouring the woods they could catch many of them. I suppose they have gone all over the country. There were 9 came into Hermann at the time Captain Manwaring was killed. He was provost-marshal of enrollment of the second district. I got a rebel mail and it had been sent to General Rosecrans. I got about 100 letters. That was in the fight I had with these men. I sent the letters down last week. Infantry can't do anything with these rebels; it must be cavalry. If 20 cavalry were sent up they could get the militia to assist them. On the person of one man, who was wounded, a paper was found showing he was from Price's army. Statement of Charles D. Eitzen, an intelligent and entirely reliable citizen of Hermann.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Have you any orders concerning the troubles in this vicinity? Have no communication from you sine Friday. Some strange things are being developed concerning complicity of the Paw Paws in the recent murders. They need vigorous and prompt attention. There is great excitement in the neighborhood where the murders were committed. Three hundred Union men have pledged themselves to kill 100 Paw Paws for Major Wilson. The work is commencing in earnest.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT SCOTT, May 23, 1864.

General McKEAN:

Troops have returned from the chase of the party which attacked Lamar. They had too much the start. It seems the party was under the immediate command of a Captain Conan. There is also a party through there under a man named Greer. A trail of 25 men was found, who had represented themselves as Quantrill's men going to join their chief. Large numbers have been passing north, many of them 60 miles east of here, and they all tell the story to their friends that they are going to concentrate near Warsaw to-night the 23rd, where Marmaduke is to be in person, and where they expect to get together a force of about 3,000 make a big raid, and take the stores at Sedalia. I give you the information for what it is worth, so that if you think best you can notify by telegraph the authorities having charge of Warsaw and Sedalia and that region of country.

C. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

