
SEDALIA, MO., May 30, 1864

(Received 11.30 a.m.)

General BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Special Orders, Numbers 113, received. Shall the companies at Warsaw be ordered by Warrensburg and Major Kelly send relief to Warsaw? Much of my command is out, and I ask for time to get them all in, &amp;c., before I move.

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 30, 1864-11.40 a.m.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Sedalia, Mo.:

Colonel Hall will relieve your troops as soon as possible, and on being relieved they will move direct to this place. No necessity for them to concentrate at Sedalia.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH SUB-DIST., DIST., OF CENTRAL MO.,Kansas City, Mo., May 30, 1864

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Inclosed I have the honor to transmit for the information of the general commanding District Central Missouri, a synopsis of some items of information which I received yesterday in relation to guerrillas, their movements, rendezvous, &c., from Captain E. W. Kingsbury, commanding a battalion of two companies in the lower part of the Fourth Sub-District.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Sub-District.

[Inclosure.]

JOHNSTOWN, MO., May 23, 1864

Ezra W. Kingsbury, captain commanding battalion Second Colorado Cavalry states that Pony Hills and other guerrilla commanders, with some 150 men, are in the vicinity of Honey Creek, Clinton, and in Henry County. That a party of 100 rebels crossed the Osage Saturday night at 2 o'clock,going east and scattered-are mostly old inhabitants of the country. Their resources are on the Monegan, and if driven out of there would hardly trouble the district. There is a company of Missouri State Militia at Germantown,4 miles east; has to send 30 miles for corn and 15 men as escort; wishes more horses; stock used up. Scouts just arrived report 60 rebels scattered on prairie, 2 miles east of Germantown, passing northeast to Grand River; asks to have corn sent to him; nearly one-half of his horses have sore backs.

