HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,May 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

General Guitar's adjutant-general telegraphs me that you inform him that Shelby has not appeared north of Boston Mountains. The enemy probably intends to operate on Steele's communications. I do not as yet anticipate such a thing, but should he attempt a raid in too great a force for you will secure or destroy all public property that can be of use to him, and unite with Brown behind the Osage, near Warsaw, and if both cannot whip him would, in absence of other orders, retire toward Jefferson City until re-enforcements come from here.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., May 30, 1864

Major O. D. GREENE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Forty rebels crossed the stage road near the California House on the 27th instant, moving north. I think it important that Houston, in Texas County, should be occupied by troops. Shelby's command is not north of the Boston Mountains that I can learn.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 30, 1864.

Colonel HARRISON,

Commanding at Fayetteville, Ark.:

The night I was at Cassville, Major Melton sent in a dispatch from Berryville that he had what he believed to be reliable information that General Shelby was on the Osage with 2,000 men and six pieces of artillery, and asked for orderes, to retreat. I ordered him to get in readiness to move at once, and if there was no doubt as to the reliability of his information, to move; if there was any doubt, to send out spies and scouts and get all the information. He did not move, but sent out spies, who returned and stated there was nothing north of the mountains but bushwhackers. This is the whole thing. Who gave Melton his information I don't know. I directed the operator to inform you of Major Melton's report. Do you know where Shelby is? The bushwhackers are now moving up through the Rolland District.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 30, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major Gregory had sent out a scout of 50 men for a five days' pilgrimage among the bushwhackers before the order directing him to join his regiment reached him. I will call the men in at the earliest favorable moment and send him to Saint Louis. All quiet on Platte.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

