HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 30, 1864

General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

Your dispatches received. Pursue your even way with vigorous circumspection. You cannot look for any troops from here at present therefore must prepare provisional militia. Captain Reed, having been assigned to provost duty, must be replaced as I think Colonel Sanderson will be able to send you men who will answer your purpose fully as well.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

INDEPENDENCE, May 30, 1864

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph:

Eighty-three bushwhackers crossed Grand River, going north, on the 27th of April; have several brushes with them. They broke up in small bands and are scattered through the country. We are scouting in every direction after them. I do not think any of them heave crossed the Missouri River yet. Other bands reported crossing.

JAMES H. FORD,

Colonel,&amp;c.

PALMYRA, MO., May 30, 1864

Brigadier-General FISK:

Acting on your telegram of the 28th instant, I sent a lieutenant and 50 men into Pike County. They started yesterday morning at daylight. Major Ledergerber furnished guides Saturday afternoon.

I gave the officer in charge orders to remain out five days should he find work to occupy that time. Shall I not wait till those men return?

C. H. GREGORY,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

CRAB ORCHARD, MO., May 30, 1864

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

DEAR SIR: I assume the privilege of addressing the commander of my district in relation to bushwhackers in Ray County, Mo. From the earliest day of this rebellion I have been an active worker against traitors to this Government. There have been two raids made in this county in the last week. I, with a party of the loyal citizens of Crab Orchard, have been the first to the point of action. I, on the point of a raid being made on last Saturday night or last night got together 9 men. I took the brush. I landed on the Missouri River bank just at the dawn of day yesterday morning, and secreted my men at the crossings of these thieves. At 8 o'clock in the morning they sent a man out on the opposite side of the river;

