
he halloed over. Just at that time I had been detected by arresting 3 young men who were passing the point where they had been swimming the river. This man who came out and halloed got on his horse and retired back into the brush.

They stole my horse the night of the 23rd. The marauders are threatening my store and life all the time, all, they say, for arresting Lewis Vandovier, as he was one of their friends. It is supposed in some circles that I am laying myself liable to be presented to the grand jury for passing through the country with armed men without any authority. Now, I ask you for your opinion on this point. Suppose, I or any of my men, kill a thief while acting in our own defense, what will be the consequences? The copperheads have the power in their own hands with the civil law in this county. They have not offered me nor the loyal people of this section any protection. We feel if we are protected it must be by our own strategy. Let civil law do as it may, we don't feel like letting the guerrillas assassinate and plunder us, and wait for the civil law to bring them to justice, for the civil law has never brought a felon to justice since the rebellion commenced. The rebels think it wrong for a Union man to sell goods in Ray County. I am attempting it with this fear, that when I retire at night I do not know but that I may be burned out or assassinated before the rising of the next sun, and that is the way Union men are protected here. I would be pleased to hear from you at your earliest convenience.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

ABRAHAM ALLEN.

[Indorsement.]

Write A. Allen to kill any bushwhacker he can find engaged in his hellish work. The force in Ray County will be strengthened very soon.

F.

By S. H.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 30, 1864

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Please respond to my request of the 9th asking permission to issue ammunition to militia; also give me leave to extend telegraph from Lawrence to Fort Riley. Am trying to keep rebels and Indians down. Matters favorable but difficult.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 30, 1864-10.35 p.m.

Major-General CURTIS, Leavenworth:

The order mentioned in your telegram of the 9th instant was not given, because it specified no quantity, and a general authority to make requisitions for ordnance supplies is contrary to an absolute rule of the service. Governor Carney, in a telegram of this date, asks that 1,000 stand of arms and 100,000 rounds of ammunition may be issued for State defense. If you deem this amount to be needed for State defense, the issue, upon your requisition, will be ordered.

