
The Department will always cheerfully conform to your wishes as far as the service and the state of supplies will admit, upon being advised specifically of what is needed.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, DEPT. OF N. MEX. A. A. G. OFFICE, Numbers 17. Santa Fe, N. Mex., May 30, 1864

* * * * * *

V. The exigencies of the public service requires that Company H, Eleventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers, take post at Fort Union, N. Mex., until further orders. The commanding officer at that post is charged with personally seeing that this company is put into a state of drill, discipline, and good order. He will have two drills a day every week day-one on foot and one mounted; will have the officers recite in tactics to himself three times a week, and have the non-commissioned officers recite in tactics to his adjutant three times a week, and will report when the company is properly instructed and ready at all points for field service.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

CYRUS H. DE FORREST,Aide-de-Camp.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., May 30, 1864.

(Received 3.45 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK, Washington:

There are four companies of Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers, viz, three in Wisconsin, and one in Iowa, kept there to protect draft and furnish military aid asked. If Veteran Reserve Corps in this department be placed under my command I can send these four companies to the field. If this arrangements be approved please designate point for four companies to report.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 30, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE, Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of 26th instant covering one of a like tenor to Brigadier-General Sully. Your orders will of course be obeyed to the extent of my ability, although I will not attempt to conceal my apprehensions that the departure of the Sixth Minnesota Volunteers will leave a very inadequate force for the security of our extensive frontier in the present critical state of our relations with the Indians. As it will be necessary for me to reduce the garrison at Fort Snelling to the lowest practicable limit, I respectfully ask for instruction to dispatch the Indian prisoners there, embracing some 80 men, women, and children, to Davenport, to remain there with the other captives until they are otherwise disposed of. I do not embrace Little Six and his co-chief Medicine Bottle in this application, as I propose to try them here for their manifold crimes by a military commission.

