
It will be impossible for me to furnish troops to enforce the draft now going on in this State, and I fear there will be serious difficulty in some of the counties. The preparations for the post at James River will be urged forward so as to enable the detachment to leave by 15th or 20th proximo. From all the information I can obtain there is no point on the James River where there is sufficient timber for the uses of a military post, and should that prove the case after a thorough exploration I shall cause the post to be established at the Head of the Coteau, as you directed.

The country continues parched to an excessive degree, and in consequence I anticipate much difficulty in obtaining forage on the part of the expeditionary force. But they must get along as well as they can. I shall leave on the 2nd proximo for Fort Ridgely to superintend the departure of the column ordered to march on the 5th. I have telegraphed General Sully that it would move from that post at that time. You can depend upon it that there will be no lack of vigor or activity in carrying out your programme in this district with the limited means at my disposal. It would be well if an engineer officer could be obtained to select the side and direct the construction of the James River post, and I respectfully suggest that application be made for one without delay. Failing in this the officer in command will be furnished with a plan of the post from these headquarters.

I am, general, with high respect, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 30, 1864.

Colonel M. T. THOMAS.

Commanding Expeditionary Forces, Fort Ridgely:

COLONEL: In consequence of the unexpected reduction in the force of this district by the withdrawal south of the Sixth Regiment Minnesota Volunteers, a change becomes necessary in the arrangement of the forces for the expedition. Two companies of the Eighth Regiment, including Company C, Captain Folsom, and such other company as you may designate,will be required to be detached for the purpose of building and garrisoning the post, in part, on James River. Your force will thus be diminished by two companies of infantry and two or three companies of cavalry from the Second Regiment. You will consider yourself instructed accordingly. It is the intention of General Sibley to be at Fort Ridgely by the day on which the march is ordered (5th proximo), or perhaps before, in case he is not prevented by the reception of orders from department headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - If there is any other company of the Eighth Regiment composed of lumbermen, you are authorized to substitute it for Company C, if you desire to do so.

By direction of Brigadier-General Sibley:

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

