
injured by removal will be taken with you, but the arrangements for their transportation should be such as not to interfere with military operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 31, 1864

Colonel CURRIE,

Steamer Diana, Mississippi River:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that Major General A. J. Smith is about to proceed with his command to operate against the rebel forces at or near Greenville, and that he has recommended you to General Smith as a proper person to communicate information necessary for that purpose. Please be in the way so that he can find you for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. MELVILLE,

First Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 31, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to transmit for your information a copy of the instructions given Brigadier-General Sherman, and to request that you will give any orders and afford any facilities that may be necessary to enable him to comply, as speedily as possible, with his instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. S. GRAY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 31, 1864.

Brigadier General T. W. SHERMAN,

U. S. Volunteers:

SIR; The commanding general directs that you proceed to make a thorough and critical inspection of the supply department at New Orleans, La. The importance of these auxiliaries to the successful prosecution of military operations makes it necessary that this inspection should be made by an officer of rank and experience, and he has selected you for this duty from his personal knowledge of your character and efficiency. He does not consider it necessary to give you any special instructions further than to say that he confers upon you all the authority that has been given to himself, and that he desires that any abuses, neglects, or other maladministration that may be discovered be corrected on the spot, and he authorizes you to give in his name any orders that may be needful for this purpose, communicating them, of course, through the major-general commanding the Department of the Gulf. The performance of this duty

