HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., May 23, 1864.

Major E. W. WYNKOOP,

Commanding Fort Lyon:

MAJOR: I have the honor to furnish you with the following copy of a telegram received at these headquarters to-day:

COTTONWOOD, May 23, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER:

Is there any of your command out after the Cheynnes? Reports here are that a whole company are engaged fighting 180 miles south of this post; nearly all killed.

GEO. M. O'BRIEN,

Major Seventh Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Post.

The colonel commanding directs that if you have not heard anything from Lieutenant Eayre's command you will send out a party, say, of about 30 men, to ascertain his whereabouts. Report at once what you know of Lieutenant Eayre's command and such action as may be taken.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. MAYNARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., May 23, 1864.

Major GEORGE M. O'BRIEN,

Cottonwood Springs:

Yes; Lieutenant Eayre, 100 men, two mountain howitzers, one breech-loading carbine. Last report was on head Smoky Hill. Will order scout immediately from Lyon. Can you send scout and report?

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 23, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that your dispatch of 18th instant reached me yesterday. I am glad to learn that you have given such instructions to Brigadier-General Sully as will insure the column from this district, ordered to join him on the Missouri, against any failure to meet with necessary supplies. I am glad to be able to state that notwithstanding the detention in the transfer of Hatch's battalion from Pembina to Fort Abercrombie, to relieve the troops there and at the small posts on this side, by reason of the extremely low stage of water in the Red River, the battalion arrived at the last-named post so as to enable the companies of the Eighth Regiment to march on 17th, so that the whole force will doubtless concentrate at Fort Ridgely in time for the departure of the column on 1st proximo, as agreed upon between General Sully and myself. I propose to go up in person to that post in time to superintend the movement and satisfy myself of the efficient state of the command, and I shall therefore be absent eight or ten days, unless other

