
recapture them and drive the Texas regiment into the Atchafalaya, but you must stay where you are to support and encourage them, and give them a point on which to fall back in case of a reverse.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The general directs me to say that he has just ordered Colonel Woodruff to send you out two days' rations, but to make sure he thinks you had better send in your commissaries at least until they meet the train.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, May 31, 1864

Brigadier-General LAWLER,Commanding U. S. Forces at

Junction of Fordoche and Atchafalaya Roads:

GENERAL: I omitted to say in my dispatch of this afternoon that when you send the cavalry toward Rosedale to make the raid by way of Waterloo no artillery should be sent, as from your report of the roads which come across from the Bayou Grossetete to the Mississippi artillery cannot pass.

Very truly, yours,

W. H. EMORY.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES,Morganzo, La., May 31, 1864

Brigadier-General LAWLER, Commanding Detach. Thirteenth A. C.:

GENERAL: If the Rosedale road is impracticable for cavalry, of course, do not order the cavalry on it, but let them retrace their steps in this direction until they find a road that is practicable. The enemy have now left Waterloo, and that is of no importance, but the Rosedale country is of to visit, with the cavalry, and so also is the False River country. The cavalry must go to Rosedale and return by False River; while they are making that movement, it is important that you hold your present position with a strong force. I do not wish you to move your infantry toward Rosedale for the present. It is the cavalry alone I wish to move there. I approve of your proposition to destroy the saw-mill and as many of the enemy's boats on the Atchafalaya River as you can, but in moving toward the Atchafalaya from your present position you should, I think, leave the largest part of your infantry, or at least a strong force, where it is, at the junction of the roads, otherwise they may get in your rear.

Very truly, yours,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Port Hudson, La., May 31, 1864

Brigadier-General DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I sent out a flag of truce yesterday for the purpose of making an effort to recover Assistant Surgeon Mason, who was taken at the raid on the pest-house

