
PINE BLUFF, May 31, 1864

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Fagan's communication sent to-day by flag of truce, was headed as follows:

Headquarters Middle Sub-District Arkansas, Monticello, Ark., May 29, 1864.

I think there is no doubt but that his headquarters are at Monticello, and that the greater portion of the enemy's cavalry are in that vicinity. I believe Marmaduke is between Bayou Bartholomew and the Mississippi. Cabell and Dockery are with Fagan.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., May 31, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

CAPTAIN: In acknowledgment and reply to your indorsement on telegram from Colonel Wood, of this date, I have the honor to state that a party consisting of 300 infantry and 100 cavalry, the whole under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Patterson, Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry, started down the river at about 1 p.m., provided with three days' rations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ELLISON'S FARM, BATESVILLE ROAD,

12 MILES FROM SUGAR LOAF SPRING,

Tuesday morning, May 31, 1864-6 a.m.

(Sent from Lewisburg, June 1.)

Brigadier General J. R. WEST:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I left Springfield yesterday morning with my command and camped at this farm last night. Ellison's is 4 miles above Quitman. Major Childress with his force joined me at this place last night; returning, he left Clinton to the right. Major Childress gained all the information possible and was within 6 miles of White River. He reports Shelby's command at Batesville constructing ferry-boats, with his stock so broken down that he must recuperate for another move.

It is generally believed McRae is to join him there and a descent to be make on Jacksonport. Nothing said of a raid into Missouri.

Every one fit for military duty has been conscripted. Major Childress saw numerous papers ordering the holders to report on or about the 5th of next month, wherever the command of Shelby might be. Small guerrilla bands were joining Shelby. His ammunition train was said to consist of twenty wagons. Supposed he would remain in the vicinity of Batesville, wherever forage was

