HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., May 31, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Franklin:

Send messenger on next train to Sullivan Station with copy of this telegram to Captain Moorhouse, commanding there:

Captain Moorhouse will return with his command to Saint Louis on the first train without fail. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROLLA, MO., May 31, 1864

Colonel SIGEL:

SIR: Under the present circumstances would it not be well to have Captain Roberts and Captain Meyers of the Sixty-third Regiment of Enrolled Missouri Militia,ordered into active service? In case of difficulty, in their unorganized condition, without arms, [they] could be but little assistance. Some of the citizens here are somewhat concerned for the safety of Rolla. I know not what grounds there may be to apprehend danger here; you of, course, have a better opportunity of judging. If you will give me the order I will proceed at once to organize those two companies. The citizens at Saint James are very much alarmed and are very anxious that a company of my men be placed there at once. Let me hear from you.

I. S. WARMOTH,

Colonel, Commanding Enrolled Missouri Militia.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST OF ROLLA,Rolla, Mo., May 31, 1864

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General O. Guitar, commanding Rolla District.

The within suggestion of Colonel Warmoth commanding the militia, is, in my opinion, very appropriate and should be acted upon at once.

ALBERT SIGEL,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

I would also recommend that some of the militia companies along the Pacific Railroad be called out, and in Texas and Dent Counties.

ALBERT SIGEL,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 31, 1864

Major-General ROSECRANS, Commanding Department:

I respectfully state that, in order to protect the loyal people and the towns from raids of guerrillas while the troops are concentrating to meet the movement from the south, it will be necessary to call out the militia in this district.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

10 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT IV

