
important business shall present itself to interfere with my purpose. So soon as the expedition is fairly under way I shall forward the arrangements for the James River post, and to dispatch the detachment to the Cheyenne River with as much rapidity as possible. In regard to the Indians who have proposed to submit to the Government on the terms proposed them as heretofore communicated to you, I beg leave to state that no promise or intimation has been given them, on the part of the military authorities of this district or the special agents, that they would receive any remuneration from the Government, except that I authorized Major Brown, as directed by you, to state to them that if requisite you would instruct me to furnish then with seed-corn.

I shall permit no interference on the part of any not directly connected with the military with these Indians. A portion of them, to the number of some 20 lodges, are now encamped near the scout's camp at Skunk Lake, as I have not deemed it safe or just to them to insist upon their removal to Devil's Lake, where they would doubtless encounter the hostility of the great body who are in favor of continuing the war, before the movement of the troops in that quarter will afford them the necessary protection. The whole number of the friendly disposed Sissetons, together with a part of the Cutheads in the same category, is not far from 200 lodges, but a large proportion of them are deterred from joining those who have already submitted by the threats of the hostile Sissetons and the Yanktonais. A decided success on the part of Brigadier-General Sully will much strengthen the ranks of the peace party, and proportionately weaken those who are now clamorous for war.

A just and conciliatory policy on the part of the military authorities can be made, with little or no expense to the Government, to eliminate the really guilty element from among these upper bands, so as to save those who have not participated willingly in the war against the Government from the destruction which now menaces them. But this can only be effected by disregarding entirely the system of treaty making which has heretofore obtained, and placing the Indians at some suitable spot at a remote distance from the frontier, under the direct guard and protection of the military, with the understanding that they must subsist themselves by their own exertions. A small sum to be expended for seeds would be all that would be requisite to insure them against actual want. The region along the upper Cheyenne River and Devil's Lake will not be required for the purpose of white settlements for half a century to come, and the land is good and well adapted for the residence of Indians.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Natchez, Miss., May 24, 1864. (Received 5 p.m., 30th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

I left Indianapolis with the intention of proceeding direct to the headquarters of Major-General Steele, but on the way down received information which induced me to proceed as rapidly as possible to the mouth of the Red River, touching on the points of this river

