HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., May 31, 1864.

Major E. W. WYNKOOP,

First Cavalry of Colorado:

MAJOR: Inclosed please find copy of dispatch from General Curtis, bearing date yesterday, which explains itself. You will caution all in command to the greatest vigilance. See that herds of public stock are properly guarded. The Cheyennes will have to be soundly whipped before they will be quiet. If any of them are caught in your vicinity kill them, as that is the only way. Take their stock and turn it in to the quartermaster, Caution Wilson, down the river, the Kiowas and Comanches may be in with them. Charge Lieutenant Baldwin's command not to be caught off their guard en route to Larned. Suppose this dispatch accounts for the rumor about Lieutenant Eayre. Evidently dispatch refers to Lieutenant Eayre's fight.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding District.

(Copy to Captain William H. Backus, First Cavalry of Colorado.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., May 31, 1864.

Lieutenant GEORGE S. EAYRE,

Independent Battery, Colorado Volunteer Artillery:

SIR: I am directed by the colonel commanding to say that it will be necessary for you to make out a detailed report of the campaign which you have the honor to have so successfully commanded against the Cheyennes, and forward to these headquarters as nearly as practicable. If a part of the transportation which you took is retained at Larned or elsewhere out of this district, you will see that the quartermaster who gets charge of it receipts to Captain Mullin. If any mules were killed, died, or lost, and so of any other property for which Captain Mullin was responsible, you will report these facts to him over your official signature, as commanding detachment against Cheyennes. The colonel commanding district is highly gratified at the conduct of yourself and command, and will so speak of you in his report to department headquarters.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. MAYNARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., May 31, 1864.

(Received 1 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

Under orders from the Secretary of War, through General Dana, I have sent the four companies of Thirtieth Wisconsin now in this State and Iowa to the field. I have therefore no troops in either State. Is the Veteran Reserve Corps in this department under my

