HDQRS. DETACHMENT U. S. TROOPS,Bayou Fordoche, June 1, 1864-3 p.m.

[Captain FREDERIC SPEED:]

CAPTAIN: The expedition has returned, after destroying the sawmill and two important bridges this side of the mill. The road runs immediately along the bayou to Morgan's Ferry, and the flank would be exposed to the enemy's sharpshooters. I considered the risk too much to send artillery to the ferry, as the enemy would have the advantage of a heavy embankment on their side. Should the general think proper, I can send a battery with a force of infantry to the ferry by way of Morganza to effect the destruction of the boats. I can spare a sufficient force from this point for that purpose. Colonel Davis is rationed till to-morrow night. Send by wagons two days' field rations for his command this evening, and he will be on the march for Rosedable and False River by 4 a.m. to-morrow.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., June 1, 1864.

Captain J. B. WHEELER,

U. S. Engineers, Chief Eng. Dept. of Arkansas:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday, and to state that I do not see the necessary of issuing special instructions for the troops to do what the Army Regulations require; that it seems to me a waste of time and material for scouts to make journals and maps of roads, which we are constantly using, every time they pass, and that I have no draughtsman, and cannot as yet find either an officer or soldier in my command who is able to perform topographical duty, make maps, &amp;c. I would respectfully suggest that you send out reconnaissance for the special purpose of obtaining data for maps. I shall be glad to furnish escorts. During the whole time I commanded the Cavalry Division and while I have commanded this district I have found the need of reliable maps, but could get none.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, No. 18. Little Rock, Ark., June 1, 1864.

* * * *

2. Third U. S. Cavalry will proceed by easy marches to Little Rock and report to district headquarters, reporting daily its where-abouts by telegraph.

3. The Ninth Iowa Cavalry will encamp south of the railroad, on Bayou Two Prairies, near Ashley's Station, 8 miles east of Brownsville, to move in a day or two. The camp near Ashley's Station will not be encumbered with impedimenta, but will be kept ready to move at a moment's warning.

4. The One hundred and sixth Illinois Infantry will proceed by railroad to Devall's Bluff and report to the commanding officer, and will move in a day or two.

