
SEDALIA, MO., June 1, 1864.

(Received 8.30 p.m.)

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Please send Second Battalion, E, F, G, H, under Major Houts, via Osceola, and if other companies can relieved direct them to report to me at Warsaw.

J. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 1, 1864-8.40 p.m.

Colonel J. F. PHILIPS,

Sedalia, Mo.:

Will send the four companies as requested. Cannot send any others until the arrival of the Sixth Missouri State Militia.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BOGARD COMPANY CITIZEN GUARDS,Henry County, Mo., June 1, 1864.

Colonel McFERRAN:

The past month has been one of considerable excitement and confusion among us on account of the coming in of several bands of bushwhackers, but we have sustained no loss beyond the loss of time from our farming operations. We captured about three weeks since a bushwhackers, supposed to be one of Teague's men, and turned him over to Captain Boyd, then in command at Harrisonville, the waters being up so that we could not get to Warrensburg.

Monthly report of Captain J. A. Wells' company citizen guards, for June, 1864.-Present: Captain, 1; first lieutenant, 1; second lieutenant, 1; sergeants, 5; corporals, 8; privates, 39; total, 55. Absent: With leave, 1; without leave, 2; total, 3. Total present and absent, 58. Total last report, 52.

J. A. WELLS,

Captain, Commanding Company.

BOONVILLE, MO., June 1, 1864.

C. A. HANNAMAN,

Assistant Superintendent U. S. Military Telegraph:

Reliable information has been given to several prominent citizens here that a large force, numbering some 3,000, are concentrating in the immediate vicinity of Quincy, Hickory County, and their scouts have been as far as Osceola, Saint Clair County. It is anticipated that the same movement will be made by the rebels as when they entered here last October; that they are now making a demonstration toward Warrensburg, while the larger body moves on this place. It is the wish of several citizens that this should be sent and shown to General Rosecrans.

JAY D. DUNNING,

Operator.

