HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 1, 1864.

J. B. WRIGHT, Esq.,

Weston, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I am in receipt of your communication of this date and thank you for the information. I had already placed 100 men in pursuit of the villains from this direction. They killed 3 men at Arnoldsville this morning. They are the murderers of Wilson and Christian, beyond doubt. I hope some of our detachments will fall upon them with sure destruction. It is a good opportunity for the Paw Paws to put their efficiency and loyalty beyond doubt.

Yours, very respectfully,

CLINTON, B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., June 1, 1864.

General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

Your telegram of 31st received. The Ordnance Bureau will receive instructions according to your request. Our latest information from Virginia and Georgia is very gratifying. Grant was yesterday within 7 miles of Richmond and Sherman has thrashed Johnston pretty severely.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 1, 1864-3 p.m.

Major-General POPE,

Milwaukee, Wis.:

The Provost-Marshal-General reports that all Veteran Reserve troops in your department, except those employed by the Adjutant-General at recruiting rendezvous, have been placed under your orders. The Adjutant-General has been directed to turn over to you all not absolutely required for recruiting purposes. Public stores remote from the enemy can be secured in store-houses, the same as private property.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

HASTING, June 1, 1864-9 a.m.

Major General J. POPE:

Your dispatch received. The orders of the Secretary to me simply directed the four companies of the Thirtieth to the field, and ordered them to join that portion of the same regiment under Sully. I think, under the circumstance you state of the impossibility of their proceeding by the Missouri, that your arrangement to march them overland, preceded by the 400 mounted men, will cover the case and be satisfactory to the Department.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

