
MILWAUKEE, WIS., June 1, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel FREUDENBERG,

Veteran Reserve Corps, Madison, Wis.:

You will immediately repair with two companies of your command to Camp Reno, Milwaukee, and report for duty to general commanding District of Wisconsin.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., June 1, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel FREUDENBERG,

Madison, Wis.:

Bring down the two companies of your own command. Leave the other. Send an officer with 15 men in advance to take charge of Camp Reno.

By command:

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., June 1, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

Your dispatch of the 31st just received, and a special messenger will leave to-day with orders to Thomas accordingly. Two companies of cavalry of original force have been dispatched to relieve Sixth Regiment, but I shall [send] Eighth Regiment and six companies cavalry, which, with artillery and scouts, will form more than 1,500 men. General Dana not yet arrived. General Sully telegraphs me to order Thomas to join him at Swan Lake. I desire to leave for Ridgely on 3rd instant, if possible.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paulm, June 1, 1864.

Colonel M. T. THOMAS,

Commanding Expeditionary Forces, Fort Ridgely:

COLONEL: General Sibley is detained here awaiting the arrival of Major-General Dana, who is now on an inspecting tour, and will arrive in this city to-day. General Sibley is very desirous to reach Fort Ridgely before you march, and will leave for that post on the 3rd instant, if he is not necessarily prevented. You are authorized to postpone the marching of the column until the morning of the 6th instant, when you will move forward without further delay, and endeavor to reach Camp Pope on that day if practicable.

General Sully writes under date of 20th ultimo, from Sioux City, that he is pushing forward his arrangements as rapidly as possible, but is much embarrassed by the low stage of water in the Missouri. He will dispatch scouts to meet yours on Nicollet's trail, as already stated, and instruct you as to the precise point of junction. Should you, however, fail to receive instructions from General Sully, you

