
will continue your march, after crossing the James and Snake Rivers along Nicollet's trail, down valley of the East Medicine Knoll River and await General Sully's orders at Fort Pierre. You will take 100 rounds of ammunition for small-arms, instead of 60, as heretofore ordered. There is a sufficiency at Fort Ridgely of cartridges, caliber .58 to make up the difference required, and, it may be, of carbine ammunition also.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 1-2 m.

COLONEL: Since the foregoing was written I have received telegraphic dispatches from Generals Pope and Sully, of which I inclose you copies,* and by which you will be governed. The original force destined for the expedition will be taken, embracing all of the Eighth Regiment, six companies cavalry, and two sections of battery, all which, with the scouts, will give you a force of more than 1,500 men. Companies G and H, Second Cavalry, will march with you, and the First Battalion, leaving E and F to relieve the Sixth as ordered. To reach Swan Lake, the point of junction indicated by General Sully, you will have to leave Sully's route of 1856, probably before you reach the James, and tend toward the Taile de Chene, on that river, the point of destination on he Missouri being directly west of that grove. By that route you will have to cross the Little Cheyenne River. Warren's map will indicate all the points mentioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

SIOUX CITY, May 30, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY:

Troops leave Sioux City to-day; will leave Fort Pierre about 20th June; reach Swan Lake July 1. Your troops had better strike for that point. Indians above there. When they cross the James River send scouts down Nicollet's trail toward Pierre. I will send up to meet them.

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP, SIOUX CITY, IOWA, June 1, 1864.

His Excellency WILLIAM M. STONE,

Governor of Iowa:

SIR: A letter I received from General Pope last night informs me that it had been necessary for the War Department to order some of the troops from Minnesota to Arkansas, owing to the late disasters in that State and Louisiana ; and thus the force ordered to meet me from Minnesota must be greatly reduced. And he also proposes, if I think it necessary, to call on you for four or five companies of the new national guard as a protection to the frontier, whereby I

---------------

* See Pope to Sibley, May 31, p.152.

---------------

