
will be enabled to take with me most of the troops I intended as a protection to the frontier of Iowa and Dakota.

These troops, if furnished me, would necessarily arrive so late that before that time I would as far up the country: therefore I should be obliged to leave a cavalry force on the frontier before starting. I have no infantry as a guard at different points, and I cannot increase my force by your sending me these troops; but if you could send two companies, to be stationed at Fort Randall, I could send the cavalry I have stationed there out on the James River, where they could do good service in breaking up small encampments of hostile Indians. Should you be able to send them, send me a telegraph informing me when they will start. My troops have mostly left here, and I shall follow in a few days.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

JUNE 22, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War, for consideration, with the suggestion that I will endeavor to do in this matter whatever he may desire of me.

WM. M. STONE.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 29, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Halleck, Chief of Staff of the Army.

By order of the Secretary of War:

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., June 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLY,

Sioux City, Iowa:

Your dispatch of 30th just received. Thomas will be ordered to direct his march to Swan Lake after crossing James River. Be sure to communicate with him and send guides to assist him. He will march from Ridgely on morning of 6th. Scouts will be sent down Nicollet's trail to meet yours.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., June 1, 1864.

Major TEN BROECK,

Davenport, Iowa:

Send company Thirtieth Wisconsin to Saint Paul, Minn., to report to General Sibley, as soon as relieved by Captain Judd's company, Veteran Reserve Corps, which is ordered to report to you for duty.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

