HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., June 2, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant-Colonel Patterson, Twenty-ninth Iowa Volunteer Infantry, who went in command of the expedition sent down and across the river, has returned and reports that, after thoroughly scouting the country in all directions, he is satisfied that there are not to exceed 50 armed men of the enemy between the railroad and the river, and that all reports to the contrary are exaggerations. The colonel was unable to meet with any of Steele's men. He learned, however, that 27 of them, which is the largest number seen at any one time, left Franklin's place early Tuesday morning and went to Clear Lake. He would have followed them thither, but the party from Brownsville, with whom he communicated went that way. The colonel has been instructed to make out a full report of the expedition, which as soon as received will be forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., June 2, 1864.

Captain JUNIUS B. WHEELER,

Chief Engineer, Dept. of Arkansas:

CAPTAIN: Upon examining the works being thrown up at the outer line of defenses, I was (though perhaps from its incomplete state) not favorably impressed with its design, and so expressed myself to the district commander. General Carr has asked for my opinion in writing in regard to it, which cannot be justly given until I can learn from you the true design and profile of the work. If you can allow your assistant, Lieutenant Sommer, to accompany me to the locality at 5 o'clock this afternoon, I shall feel much obliged to you.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., June 2, 1864.

Colonel TRUMBULL,

Commanding Ninth Iowa Cavalry, Devall's Bluff:

The general directs me to congratulate you upon the success of Company A, of your regiment, at Aberdeen. You will send one battalion of your command, with ten days' rations, to re-enforce Colonel Geiger, on the Little Red River, above Searcy, to move early on the morning of 4th of June.

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

CHARLES W. MINER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

