HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, June 2, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Central District, Warrensburg, Mo.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch and inclosures, explanatory of the scouting done in your district, and to say that they show commendable attention to the business. But it is evident that your scouting parties often move too openly, and approach camps and houses with too little preparation for escapes and other contingencies; in short, they do not play their game "fine enough." Give great attention to this, instructing the officers how to avoid going to houses and following escapes to occur for want of care and forethought, or of liberation in firing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. M. PIATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 2, 1864-4 p.m.

Colonel GEORGE H. HALL,

Sedalia, Mo.:

A party of 30 guerrillas were in Dover last night; part of them Shelby's men. Telegraph to Glasgow and from there send messengers to the river towns to watch out for them in Saline County.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 2, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I ordered a thorough investigation of the outrages at Lawrence, immediately upon hearing of them. The veterans had been badly advised.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

KEOKUK, IOWA, June 2, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

GENERAL: There is, I believe, a manifest improvement in the political atmosphere of these border Missouri counties. I have represented your views in reference to the preservation of law and order to many citizens of those counties, and in every case with the happiest effect. Your personal presence a short time among them would wholly tranquilize the public, mind, and preclude the necessity for any force, except a small guard that might be detailed from the Enrolled Missouri Militia. I think, however, that there should be in each county an assistant or deputy provost-marshal, whose acts should in most cases be subject to the revision of some one not imbued with the local animosity too prevalent there.

