
If I am relieved I think it would be wise to send some man from outside those counties. It is impossible for me to attend properly to the duties of the place without an assistant. I need a man of fact, sound judgment, and that has a general acquaintance. Colonel J. A. Viall (of whom I spoke to you) has the necessary qualifications and would be of great service. I am needed in the office constantly, although doing but little that a matter of record. The exercise of a consistent and persistent preventive policy has realized all that could reasonably have been hoped from it, although it is not the policy best calculated to secure public recognition.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. HIATT,

Assistant Adjutant-Marshal.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 8, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Sanderson, provost-marshal-general, Department of Missouri, for his information, and with additional information that a small detachment of Enrolled Missouri Militia under a good officer will very soon be placed on duty at Alexandria, and it may be that the officer will be competent to act as assistant provost-marshal in case Mr. Hiatt is relieved. I have been around to the northeast once myself, and succeeded in restoring quiet without much difficulty. I shall go there again as soon as I can leave headquarters without prejudice to interests here. The veterans have caused most of the trouble in that sub-district. Instigated by had men they resolved to "clean out the secesh," wade into the copperheads," &amp;c. Private feuds and local animosities were thus balanced up.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSOURI,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., June 11, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier-General Fisk, with earnest request that he furnish me with the name of an active and competent captain or lieutenant in service in his district, who may be assigned to duty and relieve Mr. Hiatt, also with the request that he indicate the most eligible and convenient place as the sub-district headquarters.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 2, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have ordered H. T. to report to you in person. I will send you his written report of his campaign, also an extended report from one of my most reliable officers on duty in the region through which he

