
arrest or exterminate these marauders. I send Mr. Burge, a truly loyal man, as bearer of this, as every man I have is either worn out or in the field.

Yours respectfully,

J. M. CLARK,

Major Eighty-second E. M. M., Commanding, &amp;c.

P. S.-I am just in receipt of some information that may throw some light on this matter. Will report the same as I sift it out.

J. M. CLARK.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 2, 1864.

A. ALLEN, Esq.,

Crab Orchard, Mo.:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 30th instant [ultimo], and to authorize you to kill any bushwhacker you can find engaged in his hellish work. The common law or the law of Missouri does not interfere with rights of citizens to protect themselves or property from the depredations of thieves and outlaws. Military forces will be sent to, or organized in, Ray County for the speedy extermination of desperadoes and the restoration of good order and tranquillity.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 2, 1864.

F. B. GRAFF, Esq.,

Rochester, Mo.:

SIR: Your communication to Messrs. Beach & Pennick, concerning suspicious in your neighborhood, has been referred to this office. The general commanding directs me to assure you that every effort will be made to preserve good order and tranquillity in Andrew County; at the same time he expects the loyal men to be on the alert, watchful and ready at any time to answer a call, if it should prove necessary to call the militia into active service. The organization of Enrolled Missouri Militia in your county has the reputation of being thoroughly radical and reliable. As yet we have learned of no trouble.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 2, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Is Colonel Chipman with General Canby? If so, where can I address him? My forces are pursuing a band of bushwhackers

