
Unless there should occur something to prevent I shall leave for Fort Ridgely on the 4th. Colonel Thomas has been ordered to march on the morning of the 6th, and I wish to superintend the departure in person.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Cold Harbor, Va., June 3, 1864-3 p.m.

(Received 8 a.m., 4th)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

In view of the time it would take to get orders to New Orleans and to transport troops from there here, I do not think it advisable to bring the Nineteenth Corps to this field. Since Banks' disaster, too, all the troops in the Trans-Mississippi Division may be required there. If there are any surplus troops West they could be advantageously used against Mobile, as suggested in Sherman's dispatch of May 30. Please so order. Let Reynolds of Franklin command the expedition. The sixty pontoon-boats coming from New York, with what we have here and at Fort Monroe, will be sufficient.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., June 3, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to report that Brigadier-General Tuttle has been relieved by Major-General Slocum and ordered to report to General McPherson before your telegram of the 25th was received.* I have sent the telegram to General Sherman, in whose command General Tuttle is now serving.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSOURI,Vicksburg, Miss., June 3, 1864. (Received 10.45 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

I have sent an expedition, under Major General A. J. Smith, for the purpose of destroying or capturing the rebel force engaged in the attempt to interrupt the navigation of the Mississippi River near Greenville. General Smith has been re-enforced by cavalry and artillery from this command, making his force about 7,000 effective.

---------------

* Directing Tuttle to be relieved from command at Natchez and ordered to Cairo, thence to report to the Adjutant-General.

---------------

