
will be used to ferry the cavalry across the Saint Francis, and will remain with the infantry until the cavalry shall return. Should I get information that General Steele's suspicions are well founded I will organize all the cavalry I can and send in pursuit of Shelby. I have reason to hope that in one week I shall receive 1,000 more horses, and, if so, that will enable me to send 1,500 west of the Mississippi. The cavalry sent with Sturgis will be absent twenty days.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT,

OFFICE CHIEF WESTERN RIVER TRANSPORTATION,

Saint Louis, Mo., June 3, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Natchez, Miss.:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions from General Allen, based, as I understand, on telegraph from Captain Klinck, requiring transportation to be at Memphis as soon as possible for the movement of 5,000 or 6,000 troops up White River, I immediately arranged for the transportation. I am now advised by Captain Fort, from Memphis, that the transportation will not be required, and suppose that the rebels boats have been discharged. With the large number of boats that we are constantly sending, from here to Memphis or points below, I do not think there will be any difficulty at any time in procuring transportation for from 5,000 to 10,000 men for ordinary expeditions. Should you, however, require more than you think can be furnished, then it can be furnished at almost any time on very short notice from this point.

Very respectfully,

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief Q. M. of Western River Transportation.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., June 3, 1864.

Captain J. F. S. GRAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Your letter of the 31st instant, inclosing a copy of instructions to Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, and requesting that any facilities or orders necessary to enable General Sherman to comply with his instructions should be given by this department, has been received, and every possible assistance will be given him to aid him in the performance of his duty.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES, No. 53. Morganza, La., June 3, 1864.

Notwithstanding the orders issued from these and superior headquarters against straggling and pillaging, the brigadier-general

