
Geiger's command on Little Red. I shall then move with the balance of the regiment to act in obedience to Special Orders, No. 18. As I am only in command by virtue of seniority, I suppose I need only notify the next officer in rank to take command of the post.

M. M. TRUMBULL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., June 3, 1864.

Colonel GEIGER,

Commanding Eighth Missouri Cavalry, Devall's Bluff:

As soon as your regiment returns encamp it on Bayou Two Prairies, south of the railroad, near Ashley's Station. All the cavalry encamped there will be under your command for the present. When the battalion of the Ninth Iowa relieves your command along Little Red, the detachment of the Tenth Illinois will move direct to its regiment at Little Rock, and your regiment will go direct to camp near Ashley's Station, or by way of Devall's Bluff, as you may prefer.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., June 3, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose telegram just received from Colonel Geiger. This rain and the rise reported in Red River effectually stop Shelby from crossing at present. Shall Colonel Geiger return in person to his command, or shall he communicate his orders to the officer of the Ninth Iowa, at Devall's Bluff, who is to go out and relieve him? The detachment of Tenth Illinois will leave here to-morrow morning. Has the general commanding any new instructions to give?

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

DEVALL'S BLUFF, June 3, 1864.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST:

I have just arrived here. I left my command encamped 8 miles northeast of Searcy and 55 miles from this place. I have parties at all the ferries, and Major Childress with 50 men is on the south side of Red River waiting any movements that Shelby may make. Shelby is reported to have three pieces more of artillery which were sent him the Mississippi River. I will start to my command to-night. It has been raining for three days and two nights on Red River, and by to-night the river will be impossible except at Clinton.

Respectfully,

W. F. GEIGER,

Colonel, Commanding.

