
To remedy these evils I have requested authority from the War Department, to convert them, as far as practicable, into U. S. volunteers, at such time, place, and in such manner as may be most prudent and beneficial to the service. I beg you will please obtain a decision on this request. I also spoke to you of the present condition of this department, in reference to the protection of the planting industry, as well as the lives of the loyal citizens over the State. The condition of our forces is such that should any serious raid be made by the rebel cavalry we should have to sacrifice all these objects to the more pressingly important ones of guarding our depots and railroad bridges. I think it would be a great pity to abandon the people now, in the midst of their agricultural labors, second in importance only to actual combat against the enemy. I would recommend as a wise precaution that you obtain authority to raise two regiments of infantry and four of cavalry to serve for at least six months, or as much longer as practicable, on the same condition as the 100-day men of other Western States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

[First indorsements.]

Respectfully referred to Secretary of War, with request that the authority asked for by General Rosecrans be granted.

WILLARD P. HALL,

Governor of Missouri.

[Second indorsements.]

JUNE 9, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

I recommend that theses troops be mustered into United States service for the period of twenty months from the 1st of November, 1863, and that they be paid from date of muster-that is, November 1, 1863.

The organization for muster-in must conform to the recruiting regulations for U. S. volunteer service, as that is required by the act approved July 17, 1862 . It is proper for me to call attention to the fact that it will require about $350,000 to pay these men from 1st of last November to 1st of July. Whether such a demand would embarrass the Pay Department or not, I am unable to state. On some of these papers, under date of April 7, 1864, the Paymaster-General reports difficulty in getting money to pay the troops already in the U. S. service.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[Third indorsement.]

JUNE 9, 1864.

Submitted to Secretary of War, who approves and orders that instructions be prepared accordingly.*

JAS. B. FRY.

---------------

*So ordered June 10.

---------------

