
SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 3, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis District:

LIEUTENANT: On June 1, I sent a scout out from Sullivan Station, which succeeded in killing a notorious bushwhackers, Samuel King. King formerly belonged to the rebel army; he deserted from that, was arrested, sent to Saint Louis, and allowed to enlist in the Eleventh Missouri Volunteer Cavalry. He went with that regiment to Arkansas, where he deserted. He had been committing depredations on Union citizens in and around Sullivan Station and bad threatened to kill all loyal men at that station. There are a considerable number of guerrillas in that portion of the country, all evidently trying to get up into North Missouri. They pass in squads from 5 to 25.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. MOORHOUSE,

Captain Company B, Seventh Kansas Vol. Cav., Commanding

PILOT KNOB, June 3, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I would respectfully suggest that Major Wilson be ordered to make his headquarters at this place and that I send Major Barlett to Patterson. I have already given the order, in accordance with your telegram of last evening, and Company D is fixing to move to Patterson to-day. I make the above suggestion because the regimental quartermaster attends to supplying the outposts with everything, which he would not do from Patterson [on account] of the convenience it will be for the outposts to communicate with regimental headquarters when they are at Patterson. There will be when this move is complete only three companies at Patterson and nearly six of the regiment at this place. I think the adjutant and surgeon will be most needed here, and I know it will give more general satisfaction if Wilson is ordered up here. Bartlett is a very good officer and would make a good outposts commander. Please answer immediately.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., June 3, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Pilot Knob:

As soon as Companies B and F arrive from Patterson send them, with Companies D and E, which are now at Pilot Knob in command of Major Bartlett, to the neighborhood of Sullivan Station, on the Southwest Branch. From there they will report by letter to these headquarters, unless they find further orders awaiting them at that station. Inform me at what time the companies are expected from Patterson.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

