
CAPE GIRARDEAU, June 3, 1864.

General EWING,

Commanding:

The enemy are unusually active just now. Colonel McLane sends me word that 200 camped near Patton, at a mill, last night. I have sent 200 men in two directions after them. Ewing, at Charleston, reports one company. I have sent 25 men to him, and have ordered him to go after them. Hiller reports a force at Cane Island, and a gentleman late from Doniphan says they are there and picket all the roads. Number not known. Besides these parties, small squads are everywhere in the swamps. Hiller is after them. My whole force is on the move and we will clear them out, or try. But I think that they are covering some more important move by this cloud of guerrillas. Those at the mill were grinding corn all night. I think McRae means mischief at Patterson. What do you think of bringing Dallas to Jackson, within supporting distance?

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., June 3, 1864.

General EWING,

Commanding:

In view of the threatening state of affairs on the border, I would suggest that the troops at Dallas be drawn into Jackson, where they will be just as effective as on outpost, will guard the country better, and be within supporting distance. They are now so remote and so easily surrounded that they are an object of constant solicitude. Twice within the week I have sent re-enforcements there; last night 50 men were sent.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., June 3, 1864.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS, Cape Girardeau:

The general commanding directs that you withdraw the troops at Dallas and station them at Jackson, as suggested in your telegram of this date.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 3, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Two bodies of guerrillas, one of 120 and one of 70, seen in Lawrence County this morning and last night. Commanding officer at Lexington reports that he is credibly informed that there are 600 between this county and the Missouri River. I do not credit it, though it may be true.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

