
above. They are in a very needy condition. Four of them have been doing duty in the company of citizen guards of which I am captain:

Noah Tesson's family, 5 in number; Dennis Hackler's family, 5 in number; Mrs. Cecil's family, 8 in number; Mark Shumate's family, 5 in number; Mrs. Taylor's family, 4 in number; John Boatenhamer's family; 2 in number.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN ANDERSON,

Captain of Citizen Guards.

SNIBAR STATION, MO., June 3, 1864.

Lieutenant E. L. BERTHOUD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Kansas City, Mo.:

LIEUTENANT: I am grieved it inform you of the killing of one Mr. Rainey, last night, by the bushwhackers. They also burned his house. His wife came to this station early this morning and informed me of the fact. I have sent some men to berry him. Mr. Rainey was living some 3 miles northeast from this station, in the timber and near the Sni. She informed me that they came to the house and called for Mr. Rainey to come outdoors, and she refused to have him do so and locked the door, whereupon they set fire to the house and when he ran out they shot him. She also states that the bushwhackers said that Mr. Hopkins had been killed by the Federals, and 3 or 4 more, and thought or rather knew, that he (Mr. Rainey had been giving information to the Federals. Mr. Hopkins is the noted bushwhacker that I have informed you about before, and was recognized by one of my men at the time our men were attacked near the Blue, and one of the corporals fired at him and saw him fall from his horse, but did not know whether he killed him or not, as there were 3 more bushwhackers after him at the same time.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. MOSES, JR.,

Captain, Commanding Station.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY,Camp Cameron, near Forsyth, Mo., June 3, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri:

GENERAL: I am informed that 400 of Hunter's, Shelby's, and Cabell's commands are prowling in the vicinity of Comp's Mills, 15 miles south of Berryville, or southwest on King's River. There is a rumor afloat that there would be a force concentrated north of Barryville sufficient to capture a commissary train going to Cassville, meaning the train sent with the detachment from here to Cassville. I have learned besides of 100 of Hunter's men passing through Kingston, in the direction of Huntsville, on 31st May. The two squadrons intended to occupy Cross Hollow will arrive ar Cassville to-morrow with Colonel Cameron. I have in my command here only 50 mounted men. I intend to send them on a reconnaissance towards the mouth of North Fork of White River.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. PHELPHS,

Colonel Second Arkansas Cavalry.

