
DEVALL'S BLUFF, May 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General CARR:

Colonel Trumbull, of the Ninth Iowa Cavalry, is senior officer at this post. Captain Howland is in command of the Third U. S. Cavalry. The scout went to Des Arc in charge of a major of the Ninth Iowa. When within a few miles of Des Arc they lost the trail in the night, the rebels scattering in all directions, each taking different roads and each taking a portion of the stock. They brought back 4 prisoners and about 40 head of stock. The mules are continually being picked up. Captain Loring will make a full report. I have already turned over the command of the post to Colonel Trumbull, of the Ninth Iowa Cavalry. He will furnish the guard at the remount camp.

E. M. BEARDSLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel 126th Illinois Infy. Vols.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Akr., May 24, 1864.

Colonel TRUMBULL,

Devall's Bluff:

Continue to carry on the business of the post according to existing orders. Furnish train guards and fatigue details as may be necessary for the interest of the service. Your post should furnish the guard for the regular train which leaves there in the morning and returned in the afternoon. Boats and cars should be loaded and unloaded as rapidly as possible. Continue the work on the defenses; cut away all the trees within artillery range. Scout the country for guerrillas and bushwhackers and to recover lost stock. Inform Colonel Beardsley that I am much obliged to him for his attention to duty and for keeping me so well informed of events while he was in command.

How many men and horses have you?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Quitman, May 24, 1864-8 a.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER DETACH. THIRD ARKANSAS, CAV.,

In the vicinity of Springfield:

SIR: Take all your command to Springfield by 4 o'clock this afternoon if possible; occupy the place and allow no persons to pass outside of your lines. As you will soon be joined by more of your forces, you must instruct your pickets to be careful that they do not fire upon their friends. Meanwhile, exert yourself to procure intelligence of and keep watch of the enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

