
SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 3, 1863.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Seventh Kansas scout returned to Palmyra to-day. They mustered out 2 guerrillas. The two squadrons leave here for Saint Louis to-morrow unless you can leave them with me. I need them or other troops very much. Can they stay?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 3, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

We have ascertained beyond a doubt who committed the late murders in this county, and are making every effort to secure them. I very much need reliable troops. The feeling has become so bitter between the two classes of militia in this region that they are ready and eager to cut each other's throats. The disarming loyal men and using them to arm traitors has caused a feeling in this region that cannot be described on paper. You must see before you can properly appreciate it.

Neither class of militia ought now to be placed on duty . Foreign troops, who do not know people and will not enter into their neighborhood quarrels, should be sent here if possible. If it practicable to send me Major Wilson and a battalion of the Third Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, I would be very glad. The company of Paw Paws on duty at New Market surrendered to 25 bushwhackers without firing a gun, gave up their guns and arms, and saw them destroyed without offering the least resistance. They were either cowards or traitors. Their lieutenant-colonel writes me that they were probably the latter. I shall punish them if I can find loyal men enough to carry out my orders.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MACON, MO., June 3, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis. Mo.:

Do you want me to come to Saint Louis to-day? If so, what shall I do with my men? Please let me know.

H. TRUMAN.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 3, 1864.

H. TRUMAN,

Macon, Mo.:

Come on here. Leave your men at Macon.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.

