
MACON, MO., June 3, 1864.

General FISK:

There are no troops stationed at Randolph or Chariton. I have a scout in Chariton. Major Leonard is at Fayette.

JOHN F. WILLIAMS.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 3, 1864.

Major R. LEONARD,Commanding Ninth Cav., Missouri State Militia, Fayette, Mo.:

MAJOR: We are in receipt of your communication touching the conduct and reliability of H. T. Previous information of himself and party led us to the conclusion that the work assigned them had been accomplished faithfully and in as orderly a manner as the disguise they assumed would admit. His statements were fully corroborated by Sergeant Westly, who commanded the men, and who appears to be an honest, faithful soldier. They assure us the balance of the party will corroborate their statement. We have taken steps to find out their unanimous opinion. Copy* of the facts given us confidentially by them is inclosed herein for your personal perusal and benefit.

Their statements and your opinion of some of the parties mentioned are certainly very different. Is it not possible these men have been reported as committing depredations by some of the semi-rebels who wish to annoy the authorities? The parties mentioned in this document will undoubtedly bear watching, even if the report should be highly colored. Your communication will control us in the main until we are thoroughly convinced you are mistaken. H. T. Will not be sent there again very soon. His party is at Macon, and will remain there for the present. General Fisk has confidence in your ability to take care of that region and to kill the desperadoes.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 3, 1864.

Captain BENJAMIN F. POE,Plattsburg:

CAPTAIN: You will order one of your lieutenants with a squad, say 15 men, to Ridgeley, where they will remain until the loyal men of that section can organize. You had better not weaken your force at Plattsburg, but call in additional men of your company. Keep safe, be cautious, preserve good order and discipline, and exterminate every bushwhacker you can find.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

