
BYNUMVILLE, CHARITON COUNTY, MO., JAMES LANE COUNCIL, NO.79, IN COUNCIL, June 3, 1864.

General FISK:

SIR: On receipt of your order we wish to comply by stating some facts concerning our disloyal element. Our country is full of horse thieves and rebel bushwhackers, who are committing all kinds of depredations. For instance, on the 1st of this month, there were 6 horses and other property, and 1 man, by the name Clark, blindfolded and taken off and word left that he would be kept for a hostage for one thief at Macon City. Their fate is to be the same under the present circumstances.

We feel no safety from one hour to another. We pray your honor for protection, either by the military authorities, or give the loyal men the means and authority by which they can rid their neighborhood of thieves and bushwhackers and those who feed and harbor them, for we best know them. One case of disloyalty is that Lieutenant Dodge did go to Macon City and get some forty-three guns, and did give them to rebels, and they are better armed than we. One rebel by the name of William M. East has this week rode three horses down, and he is not the only one riding for thieves. It is our firm opinion that their exertions are for the benefit of bushwhackers and thieves. We will act as a reserve or go foremost with your scouts, or act ourselves by your consent. We have concluded to patrol the roads until we get further orders. For these favors we ask and pray your honor for a speedy action and answer.

Yours, with respect,

WILLIAM WHITAKER,

Secretary.

JOHN W. SISSON,

President.

JOHN BASTELL,

Vice-President.

Indorsed by all present.

SAINT JOSEPH, June 3, 1864.

Major J. M. CLARK,

Eighty-second Enrolled Missouri Militia, Platte City:

MAJOR: I am in receipt of your communication of 2nd instant. I have had a full report of the New Market affair, and am constrained to believe that the company on duty there were either cowards or traitors, and it is quite probable that they were the latter. It will require the closest scrutiny on your part, and you must at once arrest the officers in command of the company and order them to these headquarters. I must confess it begins to look as if the Paw Paws [some of them, at least] cannot be trusted. Nearly every one of the murderous gang of villains who are prowling through your county were members of Paw Paw companies in this county. I hope your Paw Paws will demonstrate their loyalty and fidelity by catching and killing the rascals. Don't fail. Give me information whenever you have it.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

