HEADQUARTERS, Platte City, June 3, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,Commanding District of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am requested to inform you of the arrival of Captain Adams, of the Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, accompanied by Captain Snyder, of Arnoldsville, Buchanan County. Captain Adams joined the forces under Captain W. T. Woods, on the north side of Platte River, yesterday about 12 o'clock, and crossing the river they united with the command of Captain R. D. Johnston, when, after consultation, they thought best to report to me at this place for further orders. During their absence in the field I have obtained information that I hope and believe will lead to the capture of Thornton and his clan. My arrangements were all made, and I was only awaiting the return of Captains Woods and Johnston and Lieutenant Hawkins to take the field, in connection with Captain Kemper, from Liberty, when Captain Adams reached town. I sent a dispatch to Captain Kemper at dusk, after receiving which he moved to this place, reaching here about 12 o'clock last night.

Having more than sufficient force to operate on this side of Platte

River I detailed Captain Woods' command and sent him to the other side, that some sign that had been overlooked in the haste of the pursuit might be now closely examined into. He left last evening. The commands of Captains Adams, Kemper, and Snyder left this morning early for the Clay County line. I have had no report from either party up to this time, 1 o'clock, but I have every confidence in the success of both. My information is sadly at fault it Captain Adams and command be not heard from to some effect; Captain Woods, also, although I have little faith in what he has to work from. General, I thought it necessary, before hearing of Captain Adams being ordered here, to call in a company of militia [Company M, Preston Simpson commanding] on duty, as well as communicate with and ask the assistance of Captain Kemper in this matter. I shall retire Captain Simpson's company as soon as Captain Wilson can take command of the post at Farley and I learn that the forces in the field need no support, which I have no idea they will. I will try and be at headquarters as soon as this matter is properly disposed of. There are several things I wish your attention called to, among them the action of the men at New Market. I would be glad if an investigation of the affair was ordered. I will report from time to time as circumstances require.

I remain, general, yours, most respectfully,

J. M. CLARK,

Major 82nd Reg. Enrolled Mo. Mill., Commanding, Platte County, Mo.

P. S.-I have to send this by special messenger, as the mail is closed.

Yours,

J. M. C.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 3, 1864.

Major J. M. CLARK,

Eighty-second Enrolled Missouri Militia, Platte City:

MAJOR: I am in receipt of your communication of this date, by hands of Lieutenant Sayle. I hope the lead you have struck will prove a good one, and the results prove that your information was

