
correct. I wrote you to-day directing that you thoroughly investigate the disgraceful conduct at New Market. The Paw Paws owe it to themselves to see that the foul stain is washed out. Thornton captured and killed would be something toward disconcerting the plans of the villains. There must be many citizens in Clay and Platte who know all about Thornton's movements. Select ten of the most wealthy rebels and send them guarded to these headquarters. You will without delay arrest and send to me, under proper guard, Clinton Cockrell, residing between Platte City and Weston. I have the evidence that will put him beyond further trouble during the war. Other heads will tumble. Do your whole duty with earnestness, and if possible secure the leaders of the new outbreak.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

LEAVENWORTH, KANS., June 3, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding the Department of Kansas:

SIR: Recent disturbances from the Cheyenne Indians in the western portion of your department have resulted in the interruption of the mails between Fort Riley and Fort Larned, the stock tenders being driven from their posts, one of them killed, and some of the stock taken away. These and other events indicate an unsettled and dangerous condition of the westerly end of this great route from Leavenworth to Fort Larned. The late employes of the contractors and others decline entering upon the same duties unless assured of reasonable protection from similar danger, so that it is impossible to continue the regular trips. This route is an important one to the military service, as well as the civil. It is the leading avenue for the supply of the mail to Fort Larned, and much matter has usually been conveyed over it for Fort Lyon, Fort Union, Santa Fe, and other points in New Mexico. I therefore most respectfully ask your attention to the subject, and, if the occasion shall seem to justify the exercise of your power in the premises, that you will detail such force and at such points as under the circumstances you shall deem necessary to protect the stations of the Kansas Stage Company, and to enable them to resume their regular postal service on said route.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

CHARLES INGERSOLL,

Agent of the Post-Office Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, June 3, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICERS, Forts Riley and Larned:

Give all possible protection to mails and trains. Saline and Council Grove will be occupied each with a company, and pickets will be arranged at stations. Block-houses must be erected at Saline and Council Grove. Major McKenny will attend personally to carrying out this order.

S. R. CURTIS,Major-General.

