
grossly abused, cattle killed, farmers driven from their lands, and fear and danger have run riot. Had I the honor of Colonel Chivington's acquaintance I would write him, but Shoup advises me to lay the matter before you, and views it as I do, a matter of importance. Leaving my family here alone, as I am forced to, I am in constant dread that they may be abused by the Indians that pass and repass at this season of the year. I am not naturally timid, nor would I thus plead did I not know whereof I affirm. In this I am expressing the views of the whole settlement, and I am, faithfully, yours,

H. M. FOSDICK.

[Inclosure No. 2.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO, Denver, Colo. Ter., June 3, 1864.

Gov. JOHN EVANS,

Territory of Colorado:

GOVERNOR: I am in receipt of your letter of this date, inclosing letter of Mr. Fosdick, on subject of protection from apprehended Indian troubles on the Arkansas River, near Booneville, in reference to which I now have the honor to state in this formal manner the same I have verbally mentioned to you, that as a soldier I am compelled to obey the orders of my superior officers. These orders are to concentrate all my available forces on the extreme southeast corner of this district, from which you will readily perceive, what I write with regret, that I cannot comply with the above-named request.

Since my assuming the command here it has always been my aim to protect all our population from all possible danger, and from the orders under which I am acting, part of which are above quoted, you will readily see that I cannot keep the company now in the neighborhood of Booneville at its present station and obey my orders to send it to the extreme southeast part of the district. I inclose herewith copy of a letter from Lieutenant Shoup, commanding Camp Fillmore, which may serve to show you that there is not all the cause to fear that Mr. Fosdick apprehends. Yet, sir, believe me I am not insensible to the hourly danger of our outsettlements from the Indians, and shall always, as heretofore, do all in my power to protect them.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.

[Sub-inclosure.]

CAMP FILLMORE, COLO. TER., May 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 27th instant, with instructions not to break camp, to send detachment on scout, &amp;c., all of which will be promptly and strictly executed. Since sending you the extract taken from Major Wynkoop's letter, I have seen and conversed with Mrs. D. J. Hayden, of Pueblo, and Mrs. A. M. Robb, of the Huerfano, who have just arrived from the State by the Arkansas route, and who state that they were escorted from Fort Larned to Fort Lyon by Lieutenant Eayre. Lieutenant E. informed them that when within one day's march of Larned he was attacked by the Cheyenne Indians, had a running fight for 7 or 8 miles, had 3 or 4 killed; thinks that many of the Indians

