
were killed, including one of the chiefs; also, that three trains have been robbed of all their animals by the Indians, and a man on the Big Bend on the Arkansas, who had a squaw for his wife, has lost all of his stock, the Indians making him ride off one of his own animals. Several other ranches are said to be robbed on the kansas frontier. Surely this looks like trouble. Hoe these fellows will get all the fighting they want. I believe there are no Indians in this locality at present, but will send out the party of 15 men to see if there are any bands spying around.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. SHOUP,

First Lieutenant, First Cav.of Colo., Commanding Camp Fillmore.

P. S.-Since writing the above, Lieutenant Eayre has arrived at this camp and confirmed all I have written. He will be in Denver in four days; will give you all the particulars in detail on his arrival.

SHOUP.

FORT LYON, COLON. TER., June 3, 1864.

Lieutenant J. S. MAYNARD,

Actq. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Colorado:

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding, that I have just received a dispatch from Lieutenant Wilson, on outpost duty, to the effect that he had certain information of the approach of a body of Texas toward this post. From a Government wagon-master he had learned of the capture of a train on the Cimarron, by what is supposed to be an advance guard of the rebels. The two sections of the independent battery left here this morning for Fort Larned. I have sent an order for them to halt until further orders. I will send by this express for any detachments en route to this post from the west to make all haste. I have no guns, the two howitzers belonging to Lieutenant Eayre's command having been detained at Larned by the commanding officer of that post. I will be as vigilant as possible-give them another taste of Pigeon's Ranch and Apache Canon and see how they like it. I can hold my own against twice my number, from the fact of my men and horses being fresh, while theirs must be the contrary. Will send forward dispatch when anything of importance transpires.

I am, sir, with respect, your obedient servant,

E. W. WYNKOOP,

Major, Commanding Fort Lyon.

CAMP 5 MILES ABOVE THE CROSSING OF THE HUERFANO, Friday, June 3, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON:

SIR: Agreeable with instructions, I send you an account of my arrival at this point. I started with Company E from Fort Garland on Wednesday, 1st of June, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon. The roads over Sangre de Cristo Mountains are in a very bad condition, the ground being very soft and the road up the canon very bad indeed, especially at the crossing of the creeks. I shall arrive with

