HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, Wis., June 3, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,Commanding District of Minnesota:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 30th ultimo has been received. Of course I only expect under the circumstances that you will do all you can and carry out as far as possible the plan of operations prescribed for the summer campaign and the establishment of military posts. I cannot but think that you somewhat overestimate the danger to the frontier of Minnesota. So far as I can learn, both from your own dispatches and from other sources, all of the hostile Indians except the fragments of the lower Sioux bands now within the British lines have concentrated on the Missouri River, many hundreds of miles from the Minnesota frontier. From those Indians you cannot expect any considerable raids upon Minnesota. Neither do I at all believe that the outlaws near Pembina are likely to come down to the frontier settlements of Minnesota, and if they do, a few companies of cavalry are certainly sufficient. My own belief is that you will have no raids in Minnesota, except, perhaps, near the Iowa line. Such parties of raiders will probably come from the direction of James River, and their raids will end with the establishment of military posts in that region. I must again impress upon you the very great desire I have to locate the post at least as far west as James River, even if you must find a point as far north as a due west line from Abercrombie.

Farther north than that I do not wish to place the post. The Head of the Coteau seems to me out of position, and I trust you will not determine upon it except in the last resort, and certainly not until a very careful examination of the valley of the James River has been made. Even with inferior advantages I prefer a point on the James. I sent you a company of the Veteran Reserves for Fort Suelling. The company is at least 90 strong, and from it you can furnish whatever aid to enforce the draft you can spare. If necessary, absolutely, you must try to pick up detachment here and there for the purpose. My experience has taught me to place little faith in threats about resisting the draft. I doubt if there will be opposition anywhere which cannot be put down by a detachment of 10 men. An order is sent you to-day to transfer your Indian prisoners to Davenport. I think no engineer officer will be necessary to establish either of your military posts. I had much rather trust the matter to an officer familiar with Indians and with the necessities of military stations on the frontier.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., June 3, 1864.

Major TEN BROECK,

Davenport, Iowa:

General Sibley will send 80 Indian prisoners, men, women, and children, to be continued at Camp Kearny. Please make preparation to receive them.

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

