
WASHINGTON, D. C., June 4, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

In the Field:

*			*			*			*			*

General Canby has sent forces to Memphis to protect Sherman's communications. I doubt if he will be able to do much on Mobile at present. Moreover, the movement would be too late to help Sherman. The latter is in possession of Allatoona Pass and is moving against Marietta.*

H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Vicksburg, Miss., June 4, 1864. [Via Cairo, Ill., 10th. Received 4 a.m., 11th.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff, Washington City, D. C.:

The telegram in relation to the Department of the Missouri has been received, and instructions have been sent to General Rosecrans. The troops drawn from his command will be assembled at Memphis, for the reason that I do not wish to concentrate a large force at this point until I am prepared to occupy and hold the railroad from this place to Monroe. For a like reason, and for the purpose of watching the approaches from Red River, the force to be drawn from the Department of the Gulf is being concentrated at Morganza. From this place General Emory reports that an attempt by Taylor's force to cross the Atchafalaya had been frustrated. The troops that had crossed dispersed, and a large quantity of commissary stores and clothing captured. The Shreveport road had been examined up as far as Monroe, and, with the exception of the part destroyed by our troops and some trestle-work burned by the enemy, found to be in such condition that it can be easily put in running order.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Vicksburg, June 4, 1864.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL, Washington, D. C.:

The railroad from this place to Monroe, except about 18 miles destroyed by our own troops and some trestle-work destroyed by the rebels, is in tolerable condition. About 25 miles of rail for the track and switches, and the road equipments for a line of 76 miles, sufficient to meet the wants of an army of 40,000 men, should be provided at once. Lamber for immediate use can be cut here. In the further progress of the work four first-class portable steam lumber mills will be required. The Saint Louis mills are probably the best.

ED. R. S. CANBY,Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*The whole of this dispatch will be printed in Vol. XXXVI.

---------------

