
Arkansas, and Missouri, and from the posts on the east bank of the Mississippi, that have been, or that may hereafter be, designated, under authority from these headquarters, for service in the field, will report direct to the major-general commanding the division, in all that relates to their organization, discipline, equipment, and movements, These reports will be in addition to the customary reports to the headquarters of the command from which these troops are or may be drawn, which will be continued while they are serving within the limits of those commands.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER, DEPT. OF THE GULF, New Orleans, June 4, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following statement, in reply to your communication of to-day, in regard to the garrison of the military posts in this department. I will take up the posts in the order given in the list furnished me, as far as possible:

Highland Stockade.-This is an outpost 7 miles below Baton Rouge, and will be considered under that head.

Plaquemine.-The general system of river defense, which requires the occupation of different points on the banks of the river by garrisons, well fortified, justifies the occupation of Plaquemine, which is a good landing place and is at the mouth of Bayou Plaquemine, which is navigable for our gun-boats at high water. It is also within a few miles of Indian Village, near which passes the principal route by which the enemy would invade the La Fourche District. The value of this post, in view of the permanent occupation of the La Fourche District, is more fully discussed in my report to the adjutant-general of the department, dated June 1, 1864. The garrison should be full 800 strong. The post is now garrisoned with colored troops. The arms in possession of most of our colored troops are entirely unsuitable for the defense of fortified positions, and the garrison should either be armed with rifles or white troops sent there.

Barrancas, Fla., Fort Pickens, and Camp Asboth.-The present garrison [1,648] is the minimum that should be assigned. This force should be able to hold their position until re-enforcements could be sent against any attack likely to be made for some time to come.

Key West.-The present garrison is necessary for the protection of public property and preservation of order among the rebel population of the island.

Tortugas, Fort Jefferson.-This fort should at no time have a less garrison than at present, and an efficient garrison is now required to guard the large number of prisoners there. Some of these prisoners are very desperate characters, being sentenced for life. Captain McFarland, U. S. engineer in charge of the work, considers the garrison too small.

Fort Myers, Fla.-This fort is of no importance to us, but is held by refugees and is a good point of refuge for them.

