
La Fourche District.-The present force of 3,100 men is not sufficient to hold this district and would be driven back into New Orleans. My views as to the force and its disposition necessary to hold this section are given fully in my reports of 1st instant.

Balton Rouge.-This point is the most favorable one for the camping and drilling of troops in the department, and has always been occupied on this account. It also affords great facilities for hospitals and is a healthy place. The bluff is very low and the place would hardly be tenable to an enemy opposed by our gun-boats. The present be tenable to an enemy opposed by our gun-boats. The present garrison is larger than is necessary to hold the place. It numbers 6,978 men. The Board which met here last summer assigned 1000 as the garrison. It is almost impossible to construct fortifications of any strength at this point without involving the destruction of a large part of the town.

The garrisons of the permanent works, Ship Island, Forts Pike, Macomb, Forts Saint Philip and Jackson, Fort Livingston, are sufficient, with the exception of Fort Livingston, which should be increased to 250 men. These forts control all the water approaches to New Orleans and require all the care and attention that can be bestowed by the present garrisons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. HOUSTON,

Major, A. D. C., and Chief Engineer, Dept.of the Gulf.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS.19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES, No. 129. Morganza, La., June 4, 1864.

1. The Seventy-Fifth New York Veteran Volunteers, Colonel Robert B. Merritt commanding, is assigned to the First Brigade, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Brigadier-General Emory:

FREDERIC SPEED,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, June 4, 1864.

Brigadier General DANIEL ULLMANN,

Commanding U. S. Force, Port Hudson:

GENERAL: The Ninety-sixth Regiment U. S. Infantry, colored [engineer regiment] has been ordered to report to you for special duty on the construction, repairs, and preservation of the works at Port Hudson. The commanding officer of the regiment will be placed in charge of the fortifications, so far as relates to the above object, and will carry on the work in accordance with the instructions he may receive from the chief engineer of the department.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

