HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Little Rock, Ark.,4, 1864.

Colonel TRUMBULL,Commanding Ninth Iowa Cavalry, Devall's Bluff:

SIR: You will not move your camp to Ashley's Station to-morrow if it rains. Wait for a clear day. You will send the battalion to re-enforce Geiger's command to-morrow, as heretofore ordered.

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

CHARLES W. MINER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 4, 1864. [Received 5.10 p.m.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

I report that all troops ordered from this department down the river have left, with the exception of two companies on distant scout, which will leave in a day or two.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 4, 1864. [Received 5.10 p.m.]

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

I must beg the attention of the War Department to my telegram to General Halleck stating that the diminution of the forces in this department renders it impossible to protect our depots and communications, and at the same time protect the people, and asking instructions as to the wishes and intentions of the Government in reference thereto. The most deplorable murders and disorders are reported within the last few days in Southeast Missouri from guerrillas. North Missouri is also beginning to be harassed by guerrilla parties. The necessity of a small body of disciplined troops from some other State to be stationed in that region is becoming more and more apparent and pressing.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

VICKSBURG, June 4, 1864-11 a.m.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

Your telegrams of the 26th and 27th have been received. The operations in West Mississippi will, in a great measure, cover Missouri from invasion. We cannot prevent raids until the rebels are driven out of Southwestern Arkansas and Northeastern Louisiana. This can only be done by the concentration of all our forces. Your important depots must, of course, be protected, but all troops not necessary for this purpose should be prepared at once for the field and sent to Memphis. I rely upon you to send forward as many as possible from your department. The people of Missouri should be able to control rebel elements now within that State. I will write more particularly by mail.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

