
CAPE CIRARDEAU, June 4, 1864.

General EWING,

Commanding:

Colonel Hiller is anxious to organize a force of volunteer enrolled militia at Bloomfield for service through the summer. Many Union men are there who cannot live while the leaves are on. Such a force would be a good auxiliary against guerrillas, from their intimate knowledge of the country and people. They are clamorous to be armed. Hiller says he can raise them at once. They are good in a local, individual warfare such as these guerrillas wage. They are merciless, and the only danger is that they might bring private animosities into the contest. They have had wrongs that would stir a fever in the blood of age.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, Mo., June 4, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Cape Girardeau:

I can have issued to any colonel of militia in my district double barreled shotguns, in possession of the State authorities, and requisite ammunition. I think you had better see the commanders of militia regiments around you and arrange to have them draw the arms and issue them to provisional companies, made up of select men and officers from each regiment. In that way a force can be organized which will be efficient and regular, and which may be called into active service, armed and clothed by General Rosecrans or commander of the Missouri Militia, whenever he deems it necessary to do so; and which force, when not actually called out, can preserve the neighborhood in which the several companies are raised from theft and murders by petty bands of guerrillas. The requisitions for the shotguns should be drawn by regimental and brigade commanders. Answer.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, Mo., June 4, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Pilot Knob:

I want Companies B, E, F, and G sent to north Missouri. I want Company D at Patterson. Did you not send Company D to Patterson yesterday; if not, what is the cause of the delay? The order was sent from here the day before yesterday about 3 p.m. If it was not received the same day, ascertain the cause of the delay, if practicable, and report to me.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

PILOT KNOB, June 4, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I got the telegram about 8 o'clock the evening of the 2nd. Started Company D to Patterson yesterday: will get there to-day. Companies

