
taking such animal or property. The command will obtain subsistence and forage from disloyal men, at all times leaving enough food and forage to such persons for the use of their families and stock during the summer, and never appropriating more than is actually necessary for the immediate use of the command. Plundering and pillaging is positively forbidden, and any evasion of this rule will subject the offender to the severest punishment.

Well-known thieves or bushwhackers engaged in their hellish work will be pursued and killed, but prisoners disarmed will be treated in a legitimate manner. Reports and returns must be rendered promptly to these headquarters. You will observe by the foregoing instructions that it is the design of the general commanding to exterminate the desperadoes; to make the bad and disloyal men of the country who counsel and assist such fellows pay the expense of ridding the country of the thieves, but at the same time the soldiers employed must be held in the highest state of discipline and faithfully perform the duty assigned them without converting themselves into a party of murderers and plunderers under Federal patronage. While their good conduct will greatly benefit the service and the country, lawlessness on their part would be very detrimental and offenders will surely be severely dealt with. Trusting your earnest work may restore tranquility in Linn County, the general bids you leave no stone upturned in punishing the lawless. Keep this office well informed of all important matters connected with your district or county and meet the emergencies that may arise promptly and firmly.

I have the honor to be, captain, &amp;c.,

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant-General.

ROCKPORT, MO., June 4, 1864.

[General C. B. FISK:]

GENERAL: In compliance with your request, I herewith make you a statement as regards the Paw Paw company of this county. The company was organized by Colonel Branch in the month of October, 1863; were immediately furnished with Government arms, which they still retain. As to the loyalty of the company, the captain and many of the men served in the rebel Army. All of them enrolled under Orders, No. 24, as Southern sympathizers. Under the recent order, calling upon all men to enroll or pay their commutation tax,but 2 men enrolled, and one of them enrolled as a rebel; the balance of said company, about 80 in number, have shown by not enrolling that they would prefer paying their commutation to placing themselves in a position to be forced in the Federal service. I assure you that there is not a Union man in the company. There are six good loyal companies organized in this county, none of which are armed. We ask that you disarm the rebel company in Atchison, and either take the guns to Saint Joseph or place them in the hands of one of our loyal companies, feeling assured that if the Paw Paw retain their arms many of its members will go into the brush and use them against us.

Hoping to hear of your prompt action in this matter, I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

P. A. THOMPSON.

