
PAOLA, KANS., June 4, 1864.

Major E. G. ROSS,

Lawrence, Kans.:

Be ready in the morning with Company E, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry and two mountain howitzers, to march if necessary.

By order of Brigadier-General McKean:

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. TRESS IN AND WEST OF NEOSHO VALLEY, Humboldt, Kans., June 4, 1864.

Lieutenant W. H. HEWETT,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Scott:

SIR: Your dispatch of the 2nd, directing me to send a company to Pawnee, was received by me about 12 m. between here and the Mission.

The state of my command here is as follows: Company M, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, 64 present for duty, with two company wagons; Company M, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, 38 present for duty [20 absent as escort to Gibson] and one company wagon; Company C, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, 36 for duty and no transportation. This company has 40 men on picket, being a permanent detail. Under all the circumstances, the only company that can go in any kind of shape is M, of the Third Wisconsin. It will start to-morrow afternoon and be at Pawnee Monday evening.

When the companies of the Fifteenth return from Fort Gibson, a change can be made if desirable. It certainly will be so to me. I suppose, of course, that this company will be supplied with forage and subsistence from Fort Scott. If otherwise, please inform me by return messenger.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. B. PLUMB,

Lieutenant Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., June 4, 1864.

J. H. REMBERG,Fort Scott, Kans.:

Your favors of the 26th ultimo have been received and contents noted. It has not been my intention to order the troops from Lamar, and the company there was ordered away, without my knowledge or approval, by Colonel Allen, in what he supposed to be an emergency. I ordered the company back immediately upon receiving knowledge that it was ordered away, and have arranged and now design to keep two companies there during the summer.

Repeating my former assurances that all will be done to hold the country and protect the people that it is in my power to do, I remain, very respectfully,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

