
FORT GARLAND, COLO. TER., June 4, 1864.

Colonel JOHN M. CHIVINGTON:

COLONEL: Captain Gray left a few days since. After crossing the mountains he was to send back three of his wagons for Captain Jacobs. The roads over the mountains are bad, washed away by raising of the creek. Going down the other side there is from 3 to 5 miles of very miry road. The Saint Charles is on a rise and extremely difficult to cross. The Arkansas is reported as very high, consequently I fear Captain Gray will be compelled to retain all of his wagons to enable him to reach Spring Bottom.

If the wagons do not return by Monday, shall be compelled to press some private ox trains into the service that Captain Jacobs may leave on Tuesday. We have been a long time getting off, but I cannot see how it could have been done sooner under the circumstances. Captain Gray took one piece with him, with 20 rounds of one wagon to take the ammunition belonging to these howitzers, which you have ordered to Fort Lyon. I intend to remain here until after Captain Jacobs has left and I am able to take the ammunition, unless otherwise ordered.

Yours,

SAM. F. TAPPAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., June 4, 1864.

Lieutenant J. S. MAYNARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Dist.of Colorado:

SIR: I have the honor to state, for the information of the colonel commanding, that I have additional intelligence which proves almost beyond a doubt, in my mind, the fact of a body of Texans approaching this post. The party who captured the train, that I have before given notice of, carried away with them the mules, singletrees, harness, and fifth chains, proving conclusively that there must be a command in the neighborhood with broken-down stock and transportation.

I have rumors of depredations committed by Kiowa Indians in the neighborhood of Fort Larned, the truth of which I cannot vouch for. I send Captain Hardy with a command 60 miles below this post, and will extend a semicircular line of pickets from that point, stretching in a southeasterly direction, toward Red River. I have no doubt that I can keep well posted in regard to the movements of the enemy. The want of artillery I am afraid will be felt, and if it is possible for me to procure a couple of guns I would most strenuously urge the necessity. I send by this mail, as per order from district headquarters, report of ordnance stores on hand. I am compelled to furnish trains occasionally with arms and ammunition, but having plenty of Austrian rifles they answer the purpose very well. Will be short of ammunition, but understand there is an ordnance train en route for this post from Denver.

I am, sir, with respect, your obedient servant,

E. W. WYNKOOP,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Fort Lyon.

