
INDEPENDENCE, MO., May 24, 1864-5.40 p.m.

Colonel GEORGE H. HALL,

Commanding, Jefferson City, Mo.:

It is reported that rebels from Price's army are crossing the river at McGirk's Island, below Portland, and that a rebel mail passes that way via Cuba, on Southwest Branch. Send scouting party, with instructions to waylay the route.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., May 24, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Harrison dispatches that it is impossible for him to keep up the wires from Fayetteville to Cross Hollow. I shall station two companies at Cross Hollow. Major Burch says that Colonel Adair is again on Spavinaw with 200 men, and that Marmaduke is reported to be on White Stone Prairie with 1,500 men. The report in regard to Marmaduke is not reliable, in my opinion. There is a force of about 400 rebels on White River, below Buffalo City.

I expect that Lieutenant-Colonel Cameron, Second Arkansas, attacked the force on White River yesterday or day before. Major Burch will attack and drive off Adair's force in a few days. The force that attacked Lamar represented to the citizens that they were a part of Marmaduke's command. I have withdrawn my forces in Arkansas to Forsyth, Berryville, and Cassville, where there is grazing for horses, and where I have them better in hand.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The arms of Captain Bywaters' Paw Paw company at Camden Point were stolen after being deposited in a building for shipment; about forty stand taken. There are various surmises in the matter. Captain Woods is in the city, asking to be relieved, and probably will resign. Several delegates from Weston and other places in Clay and Platte Counties represent serious troubles about to ensue.

When are you coming?

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 24, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I leave here this p.m., via Hannibal, for Saint Joseph. Have waited General Rosecrans' return, that I might get a definite answer as to troops. Have sent you several telegrams since Friday last.

