SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH.16TH ARMY CORPS, No. 48. On Steamer Hannibal, June 5, 1864.

I. You will immediately disembark the troops and the artillery of your command, taking the ambulances, 40 rounds of ammunition er man in cartridge-boxes, and one wagon load of ammunition additional to each brigade. The men will take their blankets, and two days' rations in haversacks. Camp and garrison equipage, &amp;c., will be left in the boats.

By order of Brigadier General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES, Morganza, La., June 5, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: From some cause unknown, the supplies promised us from Vicksburg have not reached here. I therefore send down the steamer Universe, and request 200,000 rations, or such quantity as may be spared, and ten days' forage for 4,000 animals may be sent to this place. Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, chief quartermaster of the forces here, has already made his requisition on the department for forage. Lieutenant-Colonel Woodruff is in New Orleans, and I shall send him a copy of this dispatch, with directions to make his requisition in compliance therewith, if he has not already done so.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Since writing the above the Polar Star has reached here from New Orleans with forage, Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler tells me, for about three days. As the navigation above Vicksburg is reported to be interrupted, it seems to me to be the safest, for the present at least, to look for our supplies from New Orleans, but of that my superiors must be the judges.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, June 5, 1864-1.15 p.m [Received 3.41 p.m.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Captain Henry, assistant quartermaster, special messenger from General Steele, has just arrived here for the purpose of obtaining cavalry horses. General Steele urges prompt action and states that unless he is supplied with horses he will be unable to prevent the rebels from raiding north of the Arkansas and into Missouri. Have forwarded all the artillery horses, wagons, mules, and quartermaster stores he requires.

W. MYERS,

Colonel and Assistant Quartermaster.

