HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Little Rock, Ark., June 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General BUSSEY:

GENERAL: From the dismounted cavalry of your command you are hereby directed to organize a party to consist of 2 commissioned officers and 100 picked men, including non-commissioned officers, for special service, to wit, to operate against guerrillas on the opposite side of the river. The party will be supplied with 100 rounds of ammunition for each man and six days' rations, and will be ready to march promptly at 12 m. to-morrow, the 6th instant, the officer designated to command the party reporting at these headquarters at 9 a.m. for special instructions. You will communicate to no one the destination of this party, leaving even the commanding officers to learn that from the brigadier-general commanding.

By order of Brigadier General F. Salomon:

GEO. W. BURCHARD,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEWISBURG, June 5, 1864.

General CARR:

Major Van Houten, of Third Arkansas Cavalry, just in from Norristown and Dardanelle. He met nothing but bushwhackers; lost 1 horse killed; killed 2 bushwhackers near Dover. Jackman has crossed to south side of river and is near Danville with about 200 men. If you will permit, I will send scout across the river through Danville and recross at Dardanelle. Captain Wood, of Fourth Arkansas Cavalry, is holding Dardanelle with 120 men. Lieutenant White,of the Fourth, shot Boss Dawson, mortally wounding him, also badly wounding Banks, both noted guerrillas.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel Third Arkansas Cavalry.

PRIVATE.] HDQRS.2nd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, Little Rock, Ark., June 5, 1864.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President United States:

DEAR SIR: The enemy down this way is, of course, in excellent spirits, and even if General Grant takes Richmond I fear it would not render Kirby Smith's forces much less defiant and zealous than they now are. Informers from Camden say it is the positive intention of the enemy to move upon this place, and it is more than probable that such is the fact. I believe, by the desperate fighting which our Western and Northwestern men generally do, we can overpower him, or at least hold the place. But, if we do, the credit will be due to the earnest valor of the men. At this late day earth-works are being thrown up which ought to have been done last fall. The serious reverses of the late campaign have caused some depression in Union sentiment, so that the country seems to have degenerated into bushwhackers. It is hardly safe to go out of our lines a mile. I believe Union people are suffering more to-day in Arkansas than

