
ever before since the war commenced. One cause of this is, we have

but little mounted cavalry. Our horses died last winter for want of forage, and instead of replenishing our stock from the country, horses were left to be seized by the enemy within less than 30 miles of our garrisons; so the enemy now has 10,000 men, well mounted, and we have but little more than 1,000. I believe that we might have had 4,000 more efficient colored troops than we now have if recruiting had been encouraged with earnestness last winter by our higher officers. Earnestness is what we need, not simply passive obedience of orders.

There is no doubt that a large majority of planters who have taken the oath, and who pretend to acquiesce in the proclamation setting slaves free, still cling to their slaves and to the hope that they will some time again hold them as slaves. I heartily believe that Rogers, who was elected to Congress from this State, is such a man. Baxter and Fishback, Senators-elect, are unconditional Union men and quite cultivated. No better men have ever represented Arkansas. I fear, however, they are not quite independent enough in their position yet to be specific and bold in their representations of matters here. I think you will be re-elected; hope and trust you will be. If Grant is triumphant, you are sure to be. If fortune is adverse to him, it will affect you. It is the valor and good fortune of ours arms that will most contribute to the popularity of your administration, at present, with the people.

Most sincerely, your friend and obedient servant,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 5, 1864-3.03 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Hundred-days' men are used to guard stores and prisoners in Ohio, West Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Maryland, Delaware, Washington, and in rear of General Grant's army in the field, and no good reason is known why they cannot be so employed in Missouri. Regiments of Illinois 100-days' men were ordered to Saint Louis so that other troops could be made available for the field.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 5, 1864. [Received 4.45 p.m.]

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Of course I will use any troops you can order me and do my best with them, only let me know what I may expect and how soon. There is much alarm and terror among the people of the Central District in North Missouri and in the whole southern part of the State. The information I request will be of great use now.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

