HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, June 5, 1864.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit, herewith inclosed, copies of telegrams* from various points within this department received at these headquarters, indicating the necessity of a stronger force to be thrown upon the borders of this State. Prowling bands of guerrillas infest nearly every county and township in the State, rendering it necessary for the protection of loyal citizens and their property, and for the protection of telegraph lines, Government property, &amp;c., to occupy with our troops all the points now guarded. The abandonment of any of the posts now occupied would subject the inhabitants to the outrages and atrocities of these bands of marauders, which, with the present disposition of the troops of my command, it is impossible to entirely prevent. The strong probability of the advance of a heavy rebel force upon the southern border of this State impels me to make the request that more troops be placed at my disposal to repel any force that may attempt to enter or overrun this country. I would prefer a few disciplined troops, or, if this cannot consistently be granted, a few "100-days' men. Should it be considered impracticable to furnish either, I request authority to call out, arm, subsist, and provide for the payment of such number of the State militia as I may deem necessary for the protection of Government interests and of the State.

This State has been so thoroughly stripped of fighting material, and especially the southwestern portion, as to render it apparent that, should that part of the State be called upon to furnish any more troops, it will involve the necessity of abandoning entirely that district the coming winter, as a very limited amount of crops will even now be raised this season in Southwest Missouri, and it is highly desirable to encourage and protect the farming interests of that section, as we are compelled to depend upon them for many of our supplies, forage, &c. On this subject I beg to refer to my recent telegraphic dispatches on the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SALISBURY, CHARITON COUNTY, MO., June 5, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: A few days since some soldiers of the Ninth Missouri State Militia arrested a suspicious man, but soon turned him loose again, because he produced his oath of allegiance, under the President's proclamation. At this time this county is verrun with thieves, and how are we to get rid of them if armed with these oaths? It seems to me that these oaths ought not to be respected if they are found

---------------

*See Sanborn's dispatches of May 4,9,19,21,24, and 27, Canby's of May 11, Steele's of May 21, and Brown's of May 26.

---------------

