
cover is so dense that they could not be followed. Three men who had been harboring them were taken, and, attempting to escape, were shot and killed.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel.

ROLLA, MO., June 5, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The report of the burning of train and the killing of refugees near Salem, Ark., turns out to be utterly false and unfounded. A portion of the men sent out from here to look after the train have just got in.

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., June 5, 1864.

General BROWN,Warrensburg, Mo.:

The general commanding authorizes you to detain the two battalions, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, in your district, for the present, provided they have not moved too far to be radily returned.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Warrensburg, June 5, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that Mr. Leonard and son, who live near Bell Air, Cooper County, were attacked by 12 bushwhackers in Federal uniform, and after several shots were forced to surrender by the house being set on fire. They were then robbed of horses and other property. Mr. Leonard was slightly wounded in the hand. Several other parties were also robbed in the same vicinity, the guerrillas taking alike from loyal and disloyal. A party of 30 cut the telegraph between Lexington and Independence in two places. A party of 40, under George Todd, stopped the stage, carried off the mail and 2 horses, 12 miles north of Pleasant Hill, in the brush bordering the waters of the Little Blue. The mail taken was from Kansas City. All done yesterday.

In order to protect the mail and telegraph, retaliatory measures will have to be adopted. An assessment of money will have no effect, as the friends of these parties have nothing, and if a collection was possible the robbers would plunder some town and refund it.

I propose to order the first bushwhacker shot that is captured; the sentence to be carried into effect upon the first interruption of the stage, mail, or telegraph after sufficient time has elapsed for the guerrillas to learn that the life of their companion depends on their

