
good behavior. After trying the effect of this, and if it results in affording protection to the lines, it may be that the whole guerrilla operations may be checked by extending to all other prisoners who may be taken the same loan of their lives.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, June 8, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier-General Brown, commanding Central District of Missouri.

The general commanding does not favor the issue of orders of the nature indicated, as it is apt to throw too much responsibility into the hands of irresponsible parties, and to become the source of great demoralization to our own troops.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Warrensburg, Mo., June 5, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Commanding Third Sub-District, Warrensburg, Mo.:

COLONEL: You will please arrange that there shall be two small scouts moving from Holden to the northwest and southwest, so that they will be always moving on each side of the railroad, and at the same time there must be one scout returning and be in Kingsville all the time. Order 15 men to Kingsville. At the same time order 15 men to scout north of it, who will be sent out for two days and then return to Kingsville, relieving the company that is there, which will return to Holden; at the same time start a scout of the same number of men to the south of Kingsville, and at the end of three days return to that point, relieving the squad that has arrived the day before from the north, and then send 15 men daily out north and on the following day south. This will take 60 men. Fifteen go out every day and 15 come in every day. The men at Holden and Kingswille must patrol the works on the railroad and protect the workmen at all times, night and day.

Stop the sending of escorts on the stage. Establish your patrols in the manner I have indicated. Infuse a little energy into the commanding officer at Holden, or put one there that has it, and the line from here to Crawford's Fork will be amply protected. Let me explain in another manner what I want done. Direct Captain Wyckoff on to-morrow morning, June 6, to send 15 men to Kingsville, to stay until relieved; June 6, to send 15 men northwest, to return to Kingsville June 8, at 12 m., relieving the squad already there; June 6, to send 15 men southwest, to return to Kingsville June 9, at noon, and relieve the squad that arrived the day before; June 8, to send 15 men to the northwest for two days, to return by Kingsville on the 10th, at noon; June 9, to send 15 men to the south-

