
west for two days, to return by Kingsville on the 11th, at noon; June 10, to send 15 men to northwest for two days, returning by Kingsville on the 12th, at noon. Each squad as it arrives at Kingsville to remain there until relieved by another. Send the order tonight.

I am, truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POST, Lexington, Mo., June 5, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,Commanding Third Sub-District:

COLONEL: I have the honor, in compliance with General Orders, No. 2, from headquarters Third Sub-District, District of Central Missouri, dated June 3, 1864, to submit the following report of services rendered by troops under my command from June 1, 1864, to June 5, 1864, inclusive:

On the 2nd day of June, 1864, Corpl. David K. Eads, in command of 15 men of Company G, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, went as an escort for telegraph repairer above Wellington. Fixed the line and returned the same day without having seen any guerrillas. Traveled 22 miles. On the 3rd day of June, 1864, Lieutenant David Groomer, in command of 20 men of Company G, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, went as an escort for telegraph repairer on the Sedalia road; also escorted doctor and ambulance for Mr. Hill, a citizen who had been wounded by bushwhackers, near Mrs. Neill's, on the night previous. He fixed the line, had no engagement with guerrillas, returned same day, bringing with him Mr. Hill, who was not seriously wounded, having traveled 21 miles. On the 4th of June, 1864, Sergt. William A. Kinkade, in command of 20 men of Company G, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, went as an escort for telegraph repairer above Wellington. Fixed the line, saw no guerrillas, returned same day, having traveled 23 miles. On same day Corporal Elliott, in command of 7 men of Company G, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, proceeded on foot to Wellington, where he captured a large flat-boat and proceeded down stream a short distance, where he found a very good skiff, both of which he brought to this post and they are now under the control of military authority, having traveled 20 miles. this company [G], in addition to the above scouts and escorts, have kept up an active and vigilant guard and city patrol, thereby rendering quiet to the city and protection to the large amount of Government property now in store here.

On the 4th day of June, 1864, the steamer Prairie Rose, William Eads, master, was fired into by guerrillas near Waverly. The pilothouse was struck with navy balls. The engineers were also fired at, but the bulkheads proved a sufficient protection. Number of guerrillas not known. No one hurt. This morning the steamer Sunshine, M. E. Dill, master, was fired into by guerrillas at Wellington. Four guerrillas were seen. Others supposed to be near. No one hurt. Several women of ill fame have been banished from this county, and we have completed our labors this evening by capturing the whisky

