
The people in Platte County must not be hasty in their action; an indiscriminate slaughter of the Paw Paws would not help matters any. Hold everything level until I reach you. I may remain one day at Macon. I have endeavored to learn whether or not Lieutenant Clarke was on his road to Saint Louis. He had better not come if he is not already on his way.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 24, 1864-6 p.m.

Brigadier-General FISK, Hannibal, Mo.:

Your telegram of this a.m., from Saint Louis, received; the first since Friday last. Another man missing to-day. Delegation from Platte County in town to-day. I learn they have prevailed upon Colonel Williams to call Captain Johnston's company of Paw Paws into service at Weston and that arms are to be given them. I shall protest against the movement and ask Colonel Williams to await your return. Lieutenant Clarke is here; we deemed it inadvisable for him to go. The sooner you return the better. Business of the office O. K. Captains Kemper and Younger failed to co-operate fully with Captain Fitzgerald, so his efforts have availed nothing. Nothing conclusive as to who committed the murders.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CO. K, NINTH CAV., MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Liberty, Mo., May 24, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding Dist. of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

I have had in the last day or two various reports of bushwhackers in this and Platte County. I have sent out several scouts, but have not succeeded in finding one of them yet. There is no doubt but there are some in the country. I shall adopt a different course in future. I shall leave Liberty myself to-night with 15 men; shall go on foot, station my men at points where I have learned they frequent, and try their own game on them. I shall in addition to that send out 2 men as spies, who will know in what point of woods I will be at all times.

Let them recruit if possible, and bring their recruits to me, or fall in with some of those fellows who are out there, and bring them in, or find out where these fellows may stay any night, whilst I am in the country, which will enable me to surround the house, barn, or camp. It will be my object to see my spies every night, and find out what they have learned during the day, and not to let any man, woman, or child know that I am in the country. You may rest assured that all in my power will be done, and done speedily, to rid this country of all such men. Whilst it may be with some difficulty yet I know that I can accomplish the work. When I return I will notify you of my success.

I have the honor be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. KEMPER,

Captain Co. K, Ninth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

