
WASHINGTON, D. C., June 6, 1864-10 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Acworth, Ga.:

Operations on Mobile has been suggested to General Canby. A. J. Smith has been sent to Memphis to break up Forrest's operations on your line of supplies. I fear that Steele has allowed guerrilla bands to go north to Missouri, which may give us serious trouble. Hundred-days' men have been thrown into Tennessee, so that you can draw in all the men you require. Grant has as much as he can attend to on the Chickahominy. I am doing all I can to re-enforce and supply him. All right so far. Draw to yourself all you require. We will do all we can to cover your rear.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, June 6, 1864-12.30 p.m. [Received 11th.]

Major-General CANBY, Vicksburg, Miss.:

Two engineer officers [Major Abert and Lieutenant Holgate] were ordered to report to you. This will make 6 in your division. Ordnance, Quartermaster's, and Commissary Departments have been notified of your want of officers in those departments. Brigadier General J. W. Davidson has been ordered from Saint Louis to report to you. As soon as I know what generals you wish to relieve I can probably make an exchange for others. As the force in the Department of the Missouri is much reduced, it is important that Steele should prevent guerrilla bands from going to that State. If they pass his lines he should pursue. General Grant suggests that, if troops can be spared from West Mississippi, a force be sent, under General Reynolds or General Franklin, against Mobile. Perhaps the security of Sherman's rear and the prevention of raids into Missouri will absorb all your spare forces.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

MOUND CITY, June 6, 1864-3 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

DEAR GENERAL: Glad to hear you are getting along so well. The gun-boats are all at their stations again just in time. All the rebels rushed to the river when they heard we were blockaded. Marmaduke with 6,000 men is at Columbia, on the Mississippi, trying, I think, to cross the river. I have a heavy force from Natchez to Donaldsonville; nothing can cross. A. J. Smith is at Vicksburg. The Nineteenth Army Corps is at Tunica Bend, 15 miles below Red River. Canby is at Memphis. I will send him your telegraph.

The guerrillas are active along the river, but we have stopped all trade, which will drive them off. I am chasing up with squadrons between this and Paducah. Forrest will cross the Tennessee. He has a bridge of boats building above the shoals. I have sent all the guns and the officers for the gun-boats at Chattanooga. I will be in water in ten days. I will do all I can to keep things quiet in this

