HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Natchez, Miss., June 6, 1864.

Captain C. G. SAWTELLE,Chief Quartermaster, Div.of West Miss., Natchez, Miss.:

SIR: The commanding general directs that you proceed without delay to Vicksburg, Miss., where the depot for supplies for the army which is to operate west of the Mississippi has been established, and superintend in person the preparations which are being made to carry out the instructions contained in the accompanying copy of letter* to Major-General Slocum. You will note what estimates have been made for this purpose, and what further estimates may be necessary to see that the quantity needed is promptly furnished. The operations contemplated west of the Mississippi will require the reconstruction of the railroad from Vicksburg, Miss., to Shreveport, La., a distance of 148 miles. The commanding general has placed Colonel Bailey in charge as chief engineer to superintend the completion of the road, but he desires that you should make the necessary preparations at Vicksburg for furnishing the timber [12 by 12 inches and 10 by 10 inches] needed for this purpose. Captain Patten, in charge of fortifications at Vicksburg, can give the necessary information on this point. It may be necessary that sufficient ground for depot purposes should be set aside at the railroad terminus opposite Vicksburg, and you will in that case make such selections as you deem proper, and notify General Slocum, in order that the ground may not be applied for other purposes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS, DETACH.16TH ARMY CORPS, No. 49. On Steamer Hannibal, June 6, 1864.

I. You will hold your command in readiness to move by land at 6 a.m. to-day, prepared as directed in the orders for disembarking. The First Division will take the advance. The ammunition wagons will follow their respective brigades.

By order of Brigadier General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST DIV.,16TH ARMY CORPS, June 6, 1864.

Brigade commanders will comply with the requirements of the above order.

By order of Brigadier-General Mower:

CHAS. CHRISTIAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., [Received Carrollton, La., June 6, 1864.]

General ROBERTS,

Commanding:

General ROBERTS, Commanding:

The major-general commanding directs that the Twenty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers will proceed to Morganza immediately, as

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

