
directed in orders. No excuse for delay will be entertained. Communicate this order to the commanding officer of that regiment.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Natchez, Miss., June 6, 1864.

First Lieutenant I. N. EARL,Co. D. Fourth Wisconsin Cav., Baton Rouge, La.:

SIR: The commanding general authorizes you to organize a corps of mounted citizen scouts for service in this division. They must be reliable men and specially fitted for this kind of service. They will be paid at rates ranging from $40 to $60 per month, according to the value of their services, and one ration each. They will be organized into squads, and their services accepted on the special condition that they will be held subject to strict military discipline and all the Rules and Articles of War.

Written engagements to that effect will be entered into with each man. Commanders of squads will be allowed increased pay in proportion to the importance of their commands. In cases where extra danger is incurred in the line of duty, or where specially valuable service is performed, extra compensation may be expected. If you know of any soldiers who are fitted for this duty they may be ordered to report to you at Natchez, Miss., when furloughs will be granted to them, with the understanding that they are not to draw any pay from their companies while employed on this duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEWISBURG, June 6, 1864.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR:

Captain Taylor, of Third Arkansas Cavalry, has just returned from scout to Wiley's Cove, Searcy County. Heard of nothing in that section but conscripting parties and a report that Shelby had left Batesville and gone toward Missouri. Lieutenant-Colonel Fuller left at daylight this a.m. with 180 men, on scout to Danville and vicinity. River falling.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel Third Arkansas Cavalry.

WALTMAN'S FERRY, 15 MILES SOUTH OF CLINTON, June 6, 1864.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR:

Met a reliable man who was a prisoner with Shelby. He reports Shelby having crossed White River with his command at Heath's Ferry, 12 miles above Batesville, on the 1st instant. He turned down on north side of the river, and stated he was going to Missouri. Part of Major Love's command is with him.

Respectfully,

JAS. STUART,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Scout.

