HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., June 6, 1864.

Captain BOWLIN,Lieutenant WARNER,

Cassville, Mo.:

I have telegraphed Colonel Cameron that he may send you and some of your men and scout in Arkansas, if he can spare you at present. This is all that can be done short of department headquarters.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., June 6, 1864.

NATHAN BRAY, Esq., Carthage, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: Your communications from Mount Vernon and Carthage have both been received and contents noted. The Lamar affair was needless and therefore the more unfortunate. It seems upon examination that Colonel Allen, relying upon a report made by Captain Ritchey, was led to believe that there was a large rebel force collecting about Neosho to capture the garrison and post, and immediately called together a large portion of his regiment and moved toward Neosho to relieve that post. Among the posts evacuated was Lamar. As soon as I heard of this, I immediately ordered the company to return, and ordered Captain Moore, provost-marshal at Greenfield, to ascertain and report by what authority the post was evacuated. He reported that it was by authority of Colonel Allen.

I referred the paper to Colonel Allen, and he admits that he ordered the troops away from the post without any orders or knowledge of his superiors. Colonel Allen was doubtless actuated by purely patriotic motives and it is difficult to determine just what course to pursue with him. I have reprimanded him severely already for his course. I shall continue to occupy the post hereafter unless the command is driven away, and I hope the people will remain and try to hold the country. I have ordered the man recommended by you as a scout to be taken up on the rolls as such on the 1st day of this month, and the other man dropped. When the man employed applied to be taken up, I supposed he was the man. I had lost the name of the man recommended and forgotten it. That matter is right now.

I shall send more force onto the border just as soon as I can spare it, and will order the troops at Neosho to scout more in your direction and less south. I will order a commission to take evidence upon and report the damage sustained by parties by the burning of Lamar, and to ascertain and report the names of persons who set fire to the place, and to ascertain and report the names of parties living on the border who have harbored or aided in any manner the persons who burned the town, either before or after the act. Upon the report coming in, I will make an order in accordance with your suggestions in the case. Major Pickler is about making

