
WILLIAMSTOWN, LEWIS COUNTY, June 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

HONORABLE SIR: Agreeably to instructions received from the Union League of this place, I hereby send you a statement of an occurrence that recently transpired at the Methodist Episcopal church in this place. The church is used alternately by the Methodists, North and South. For the benefit of our rebel neighbors, we have usually kept, during religious service, a U. S. flag over the seat in the stand. The fourth Sunday in May last the house was occupied by the Southern Methodists. A Mr. Penn, son of James Penn, was to occupy the desk. Our young men, thinking the flag was not conspicuous enough for a guerrilla rebel preacher, nailed it up in front of the desk, and it remained there during the service. At the close of the exercise they took it down as usual to carry it home.

The flag was carried to one of the doors and held over it as the congregation were passing out. Some of the ladies would not go out under the flag, but got over the center railing, in order to pass out of the other door. One of Mr. Clifton's sons noticed the movement, and as he had a small flag with him, he immediately stepped on a seat and held his flag over that door. One of the ladies, Miss Martha Palmer, knocked the flag out of his hand and into the street, and passed out. Mr. Oscar Chappel, in passing out, stamped it with indignation, and several times since has boasted of giving the Union flag a good stamping, coupled with the remark that he would do so again. Others have done and said the same; Mr. Henry Palmer in particular. The above is a statement of facts, as appeared from our investigation. We send them to you, and if you deem the affair worthy of further notice, abundant and reliable testimony to substantiate the same will be forthcoming.

Yours, respectfully,

R. J. ANDERSON,

President.

Per W. P. ALLYN,

Secretary.

P. S.-I was requested to send you the evidence as we took it, but take the liberty to send you a correct statement, as above, in place of it. The testimony of the witnesses, if wanted, will be forward immediately.

W. P. A.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 6, 1864.

STEPHEN JOHNSTON, Esq.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your valued favor of this date, and thank you for the information therein contained. I assure you, my dear sir, that I will most cheerfully and earnestly labor to maintain peace and quiet in your county. I say "maintain quiet," for quiet really exists, if the people will only study to be quiet and mind their own business.

It is very unfortunate that in your county, as in many others, the Union men are unhappily divided, and waste their energies in miserable

