
dissensions instead of co-operating in saving the country. I wish it was different, and by no action of mine shall the breach be widened. I cannot think it will be necessary to increase the force in Platte County very much, and except in some great emergency, such as an invasion, there will be no troops from abroad sent into your county. I am glad to express my fullest confidence in the loyalty and patriotism of Major Clark. I shall visit Platte City as soon as I am able to travel, unless important duties call me elsewhere.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 6, 1864.

His Excellency Governor THOMAS CARNEY:

I am in receipt of your favor of the 1st instant, calling my attention to the protection of Topeka, as it contains the records and valuable archives of the State and U. S. court. I have before had this matter presented and greatly desire to have a force there. I recommended that a few State militia be temporarily detailed, and ordered a company which recently arrived from Iowa to take post at Topeka. In the mean time Indian difficulties occurred at the Smoky Hill River, on the western frontier of the State, which caused a diversion of the company to a temporary effort to suppress those more certain disasters which were driving the settlers from their fields.

I hope very soon my purpose to locate force at Topeka will be carried out. It is my duty, however, to repeat to you that my force is very small, that I am constantly informed of danger from accumulating bushwhackers, who are said to be gathering in Missouri, and I must depend a great deal on State militia to aid me in preserving the towns and people from disasters of the pending war.

I have the honor to remain, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 6, 1864.

JOHN T. COX, Esq.,

Special Indian Agent:

DEAR SIR: Yours of the 25th May, in which you present the difficulties and irregularities connected with the Indian trade in cattle, is duly received. When I arrived in this department, the Indian country being part of my command, the matters to which you refer received my anxious attention. I visited the country and gave orders to my troops to do all in their power to stop the contraband trade. But I was told it had become chronic by long continuance, which I found true, and I presented the matter to the Interior and the War Departments, asking for instructions. The stock was passed around my remotely separated stations, and invited rebel raids to follow remote cattle routes. All this seemed to require a joint action on the part of persons associated, in and out of the Indian country, and I hoped the Indian agents and superintendents would especially

