
check the illicit trade. But I found on the contrary that persons were licensed to trade with the Indians, and Treasury agents were giving license to it.

I was relieved from command of the Indian Territory and have despaired of doing any great good by past or present efforts. Instead of checking trade, I feared the very trouble you mention, that the troops would, under pretense of checking it, seek to profit by it, and thus become demoralized and diverted from our pressing foes, the bushwhackers. The superintendent of Indians desiring to take the refugees into the Indian country, I have been obliged to draw together all the troops I could to aid that movement, and I have therefore no force to use for purposes of protection and correction of that Indian trade, which is in point of fact consummated beyond my lines. When men under passes and privileges have bought cattle in the Indian country, and brought them into this or any other State, I am not disposed to harass them with arrests and arbitrary proceedings, which should have been done where the mischief, proof, and agents actually operated.

Arrests of droves that have traveled hundreds of miles seem to do no good, as the holders send back and get receipts or testimony, and I have no way of procuring proof of fraud, either in the purchase of the cattle or in the procurement of such proof, as all the parties act beyond my lines. I give no licenses, but desire that you and other agents will discriminate and allow honest, loyal men to collect the stock and save it or sell it, for while it runs loose and wild it invites bushwhackers into the country now abandoned, or it leaves a fair motive for the poor Indians to seek purchasers at low rates rather than risk what they have thus abandoned. What the military cannot do, the agents may be able to do, and it would be doing a great benefit to Indians and white men to stop this waste of property, which, I am told, now results in shooting cattle merely for their hides.

It is very right to do all we can, and if you can show me any way that I can prevent the trade I will be glad to adopt your suggestions, but you perceive I have not a soldier to spare from legitimate duty in guarding against Cheyennes and bushwhackers, and no right to meddle with matters that transpire in the Indian Territory, which was taken out of my command, and no disposition to intrude my suggestions any further on the Departments of the Interior and Treasury, when authority to trade and traffic with Indians is given to loyal citizens who no doubt abuse their privileges. I have long since despaired of seeing justice dealt out to Indians, but shall never cease to do all in my power to secure it. I hope the many thousands now going back to the Indian country will gather up and eat all the cattle remaining. I have directed my officers to accompany the Indians down, with ample protection, and staying in the country seems to include the necessity of taking care of their stock.

The commander of troops in the Indian country can easily prevent fraud, if he has any considerable amount of troops, by arresting persons engaged in fraudulent purchases and by favoring honest transactions. There is the place and that is the way to do it. Indian agents, living with the Indians, must know when and who and where and how to strike, and I do not see why nothing seems to emanate from them but permits or certificates, or general complaints of the military. Your information and impulses may indeed enable you to do more than others have done to secure reform, but I am

