
sorry to say, after five months of effort, I have found Indian trade regulations entirely beyond the control of my slender, attenuated lines, and I fear beyond yours, or those who ought to co-operate with you, within the Indian Territory.

Again assuring you that I am anxious and willing to do anything I can to prevent the infernal injustice that is carried on, as you say, under the general cognomen of "cattle business" in the southern portions of Kansas, I remain, very truly, your friend and obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT GARLAND, COLO. TER., June 6, 1864.

Colonel JOHN M. CHIVINGTON, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District:

COLONEL: Inclosed orders just received from Fort Lyon, to make a forced march to that post. Nothing is stated to enable me to conclude whether the circumstances are such as to justify a forced march or not. The last mail brought me a letter from Lieutenant Baldwin that Major Wynkoop had sent him word that Lieutenant Eayre's command had all been killed by the Indians. Subsequently I learned that the same command was all right. Now, upon what information the major issued the inclosed orders I am ignorant, and am unable in consequence to decide upon the best course to pursue. Shall await further orders. Shall move Company A out to-morrow. Captain Gray has sent back two wagons, and reports the roads in a horrible condition, and his advance toward Fort Lyon consequently very slow. People here (among the Mexicans) are apprehensive of serious difficulties with the Utes; for what reasons I know not. If further information of importance reaches me from Fort Lyon, I shall leave for that post.

Yours, truly,

SAM. F. TAPPAN,

Lieutenant Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Post.

P. S.-General Brown has just arrived and reports that a train had been captured between Lyon and Larned, by 45 men.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S DEPT., DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO,

Tucson, June 6, 1864.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, as supplementary to my reports of May 16 and June 4, 1864, relative to my examination of the Gila country and its vicinity north of Fort Bowie, with a view to a selection of a site for a military post, made agreeably to the instructions of the department commander, of April 1, 1864, that said instructions were received on my return from Southern Arizona, which I had visited, accompanied by Governor Goodwin, of this Territory, for the purpose of locating troops, learning the movements of the Apaches in their depredations into and through this section of Arizona into Sonora, as also its resources and want of military protec-

