
From the best information I have, and from personal examination and observation of the country, I think there is no practicable wagon road through the Ciricahua Mountains, north of Mount Graham Pass, from the San Pedro Valley or Pima villages on the west, except it be farther north than my examination extended, and some distance north of the Gila, via the Salinas, or headwaters of the San Carlos. The Sierra Bonita, in which is Mount Graham, the Mescal, and Pinaleno Mountains, are merely links in the great Chiricahua or Sierra Madre chain of mountains, the first being the portion between the plain leading through from the Playa to the valley of the San Simon and Mount Graham Pass, the second being on and just north of the Gila, and the last a continuation of this chain farther north. The Dragoon Spring range unites north of the Gila with the Chiricahua, constituting a broad belt of broken, mountainous country, which extends on up to the San Francisco Mountains.

The Steen's Peak or Peloncillo chain extends up into the Sierra Blanca region, and is separate from the Burro Mountain range. Various spurs branch from the above. The Playas or Sulphur Spring Valley terminates properly just at and southwest of Mount Graham Pass, beyond which, to the north, is the narrow and irregular valley of the upper Arivaypa, which is now dry, except in places where the water appears in holes, running a short distance, or as a spring, until reaching the head of the canon on this river, which is opposite the Tulerosa Pass. The termination of the San Simon Valley to the north, and absence of any Rio de Sauz in the Gila Valley, have been mentioned; also the points of confluence of the Rio Bonita with the Gila, being in a canon above the Gila Valley examined. We had little or no time to examine the country with respect to its mineral wealth. In Mount Graham Pass there are several beautiful outcropping veins of quartz crossing it, and indications of a gold region. Other places also indicated deposits of the precious metals.

Little game was seen, and less killed. Juan Arroyo, our guide, pursued a bear in Bonita Canon, but got instead of a bruin a ducking. This guide sustained his good reputation as a guide and brave man. Lojinio, and Apache boy of eighteen or twenty years, is a good guide and scout, and behaved gallantly; he is kept in the Government employ. Mr. A. Lyon, guide and interpreter, was active and efficient, and rendered good service; he joined in the attack on the rancherias. We marched through sand, over rocky mountain trails, waded rivers, marched days and nights; had, from losses, &amp;c., short rations. From the character of the marching and of contract shoes resulted shoeless feet; rawhide and skins of various descriptions were used to shoe both men and animals. With few grumbling exceptions the men discharged their duty and bore the fatigue of the march cheerfully.

The Indian captives became an elephant on my hands, and they were assigned as reported, which, I think, is the best disposition to be made of them. Inclosed is a memorandum of the distribution.

The result of my expedition, including the action of Lieutenant Stevens, May 3, with Indians, moving under instruction from me, may be summed up as follows: An examination and knowledge of an important section of country. About 75 Indians killed, many more wounded; 16 taken prisoners; many fields of corn, wheat, and beans destroyed; 4 animals, arms, ammunition, saddles and fixings,

