
large amount of mescal, $660 in gold, with many other articles, captured; 1 mule shot, besides a large quantity of stuff, with several rancherias, burned. But for an erroneous report of my guide, causing a change in the distribution ordered of the force at the upper rancheria, Big Alamo, a much greater loss necessarily would have resulted to the Indians.

Casualties: In Lieutenant Stevens's fight, 2 badly and 3 slightly wounded, and 1 missing; since then, 1 accidentally but not dangerously wounded; also the loss of 1 horse and 1 mule, both broken down or diseased.

With my tow previous reports, as the report of my movement in compliance with the general's instructions, this is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

P. S.-I omitted reporting to which band of Apaches the Indians killed and captured belonged. Although there is some discrepancy of opinion and report as to this, yet I think the best information I have and circumstances class them as Coyoteros. I have as yet been unable to furnish a sketch of my route, which I wished to have done.

N. H. D.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 32. Natchez, Miss., June 7, 1864.

* * * * *

2. Colonel Albert J. Myer, Signal Officer of the Army, having been assigned to duty at these headquarters, any reports or information called for by him will be promptly furnished, and all orders given by him under the authority of the commanding general will be respected.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 200. Washington, June 7, 1864.

* * * * *

5. Battery L, First U. S. Artillery, is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of the Gulf, and will at once be put en route for New York City for the purpose of being recruited. On arriving, the commanding officer will report to Major-General Dix, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of the East, who will designate a post in New York Harbor as the station of the battery, and report his action to this office. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

