HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, June 7, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Corps, &amp;c., Morganza:

Your telegram of this date received. It is the understanding of the commanding general upon Special Orders, 28, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, that all papers touching the Nineteenth Corps, except the necessary returns, are to be submitted direct to headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi. He requests that duplicates of all papers be furnished him that contain information that should be known at these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES, Numbers 132. Morganza, La., June 7, 1864.

* * * * * *

IV. One brigade of infantry from the First Division and one from the Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, and Crebs' brigade of cavalry will move to-morrow at sunrise by the road through New Texas to co-operate with an support the navy, which is to make a raid down the Atchafalaya. The command will be under Brigadier-General Nickerson, and will take with it two days' rations, two pieces of artillery, and eight ambulances. No other wheels will be taken. The pieces of artillery will be detailed by General Grover from his division. Brigadier-General Nickerson, and also Lieutenant-Colonel Crebs, commanding the cavalry, will report at these headquarters at 7 o'clock this evening.

* * * * * *

VI. Colonel Davis, commanding cavalry, will send one regiment at 8 or 9 o'clock to-morrow morning on the Fordoche road, to occupy the bridge about 8 miles from here and observe the country, and guard General Nickerson's left flank. If no enemy should be found it will return at night.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Emory:

FREDERICK SPEED,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, June 7, 1864.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Rio Grande:

GENERAL: Yours of the 31st of may regarding the movements of troops from Aransas Pass is received. It is the intention of the major-general commanding to remove all troops from Aransas Pass, as well as Pass Cavallo, and Colonel Holabird, chief quartermaster of the department, has been instructed to send a steamer at once for

17 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT IV

