
with overwhelming numbers. If General Sully fails to reach the point indicated by you for a post on the Missouri River with steamers so as to furnish what is wanted for the construction and supply of the fort at Devil's Lake, I cannot see how the post can be built, as it is not believed by Captain Carling or myself that the transportation can be furnished here for the large amount of stores which will be needed, if ordered by this route. I am decidedly of the opinion that the half-breeds of Red River on both sides of the line should be prohibited from hunting buffalo within our territory and trading with the Indians within it, under penalty of having their horses, carts, and other property seized and confiscated.

It is becoming more and more evident that it is for the interest of these people to discourage any termination of hostilities on the part of the Indians, and they therefore are as truly inimical to our Government as the Indians themselves, if not more so; and with your sanction I propose to do what is in the power of the military authorities of this district to embarrass and prevent, so far as practicable, all communication between them. It will be but just, should the course suggested be pursued, that I should give in advance full notice of the intentions of the Government with regard to these half-breeds. They now make two hunting excursions into our territory annually, in large numbers, and destroy immense herds of buffalo, the meat and tallow of which are transformed into pemmican, to furnish food for the inland posts of the Hudson Bay Company. I am convinced, if a summary step is put to these illegal intrusions upon our soil by men who are for the most part subjects of a foreign power, that it will be a comparatively easy task to bring the upper bands of Sioux to terms. I shall of course await your orders before taking any steps in the matter. I am happy to be able to state that one of the savages engaged in the late petty raid of which I informed you has been overtaken and killed by a detachment of the Sixth Regiment, and that the others were being pursued with zeal and vigor, and I am in hopes they will share the fate of their comrade.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[MAY 24, 1864.-For Pope to Secretary of War, in reference to hostile Indians harbored in British territory, see Series III.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 136. New Orleans, La., May 25, 1864.

* * * * *

3. Lieutenant Colonel J. Bailey, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, will without delay report for temporary duty to Major General Ed. R. S. Canby, commanding the Military Division of West Mississippi.

* * * * *

17. Brigadier General B. S. Roberts will, upon his arrival in this city, reports to Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding Defenses of New Orleans.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

