
You will send at least 50 men to or in the direction of Kennett and Hornersville to intercept any fugitives; they will move at one. The movement has already commenced from here. You will send out other parties from time to time and do all you can to further this object. The scout from here will remain out ten days. Inform your men that our men are out, so on mistakes may be made.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. SEVENTH CAV., MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,In the Field, near Quincy, Mo., June 7, 1864.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

District of Central Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I marched from Warsaw yesterday morning at 6 o'clock, reaching this camp yesterday evening. After crossing the Osage River I detached the best mounted men of Companies A and K, under efficient officers, and sent them to the left and right of my line of march, with instructions to scout the country 10 or 12 miles out, east and west and south, on a line with Quincy, and when done to report to me at this camp.

I find the country remarkably quiet and much freer from excitement or actual disturbance than the people north of the Osage River. As far as there is labor to operate, agriculture is being industriously and with promise pursued along my route of travel. I hear of no guerrillas or predatory bands anywhere in this locality. I have no forage; am depending altogether on grass. Company B and detachment of Company D arrived at Warsaw Sunday evening. They found all quiet on the route down.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., June 7, 1864.

(Received 6 a. m., 8th.)

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

No concentration of guerrillas in Jackson County, yet small bands infest every portion of it. No word from my foot scout yet. Will be in to-morrow probably. Have a scout out mounted that will be in this evening. I can get no reliable information as to what they intend doing, but various rumors all satisfy me they intend striking some place soon.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

BOONVILLE, MO., June 7, 1864.

(Received 8 a. m., 8th.)

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

In view of our best citizens being robbed and murdered, we ask your permission to organize two companies for home protection, as the militia is of very little assistance to us in immediate danger.

