
We must do something immediately or leave our homes. One company is organized and ready to receive arms; the others will be ready soon. Answer soon as possible.

E. H. HARRIS,

ELI WELLS,

M. PEAK,

N. HENDERSON,

Committee.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., June 7, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CAMERON,

Commanding at Cassville, Mo.:

I will not establish a post at Cross Hollow at present. All the troops will retain their headquarters at Cassville, and accomplish by scouting what it was designed to accomplish by occupying Cross Hollow. Send a scout of 150 men, with six days' rations, to the vicinity of Cross Hollow and Elm Springs, and try to surprise and capture Buck Brown and his command. Send one team along and father up the telegraph wire along the road and bring it to Cassville. I think it would be well to send dismounted men, but you can judge better. Dismounted men ought to be able to make a night surprise and capture the enemy's horses. Send a good officer in command. Have unserviceable arms condemned and sent forward. The inspector will be at Cassville in three or four days.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 7, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

We have secured 3 more of the bushwhackers who broke jail on Sunday.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 7, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

All quiet on the Platte. We have thoroughly scouted Platte and Clay Counties with 300 men. Not a bushwhacker discovered nor a sign of a camp. There has been no more trouble in this country, and I now have sufficient militia force on duty to successfully meet any probable uprising or combination. Investigation now going on will probably result in establishing the fact that the late murders near Arnoldsville were the result of little personal animosities existing between two militia companies in that section, one a Paw Paw organization and the other not. It is the legitimate fruit of the extermination doctrine that has been so earnestly proclaimed from the stump in Northwest Missouri by the most ungodly of politician scamps of all parties that can be found in our unhappy country.

