
The leaders have talked extermination so much that the vicious, reckless devils who do their bidding have put the policy into operation that they may see how it works. I shall use all the power confided to my hands in putting down this trouble, in restoring good order, and in the sure way-swift extermination of thieves and bushwhackers. I am using both Paw Paws and the original Enrolled Missouri Militia. The lion and the lambs are working well together. My force in the district is too limited, but I am daily increasing it from the best militia I can find under reliable officers. The returned rebels and organized thieves and bushwhackers are constantly drifting across the Missouri, where there is much to steal. Occasionally a town will be robbed in spite of our best exertions. We cannot station troops at every four corners, but will do the best I can for everybody, and the people must stand guard for each other.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, MO., June 7, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

I received a telegram from Captain E. J. Crandall stating that he had an order from you requiring me to detail 100 men of Sixty-second Regiment, Enrolled Missouri Militia, for active duty in Linn County, Mo. Will you please make an order upon me for that purpose?

R. J. EBERMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Sixty-second Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

MIRABILE, CALDWELL COUNTY, MO., June 7, 1864.

General FISK:

SIR: I will report to you the present situation of our county. We are in no condition to defend ourselves. The guerrillas are within 15 miles of us. Yesterday there was a Mr. Pagley shot while at his plow, near Claysville. Mr. Pagley was a good and loyal man. Last night there were two veterans came in to this city who had to flee from Claysville to save their lives. I think that we should have a company of militia stationed at Kingston, Caldwell County, Mo. I await for an answer on the case.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. CROUSE,

Captain Company H, Thirty-third Regiment, E. M. M.,

Formerly Captain J. T. Ross' Company.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, DIST. OF SOUTH KANSAS,Mound City, Kans., June 7, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Paola, Kans.:

CAPTAIN: In order to watch and, if possible, prevent a raid into Kansas, I have directed scouting parties to be sent into Missouri, by day and night, all along the border, until the organization reported by General Rosecrans is broken up. I have reported this

