
fact to Colonel Ford, at Kansas City, and given him such information regarding the position of my command as will enable him to see how far he is supported. I have requested him to return the compliment, and will inform you as soon as received. Colonel Snoddy has notified the militia, so that all is in readiness.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 8, 1864-4 p. m.

(Received 20th.)

Major-General CANBY,

Vicksburg, Miss.:

The Secretary directs that where the troops protecting leased plantations are required for offensive operations they be used for that purpose, care being taken to give protection to the negroes on such plantations by bringing them within out lines. Military operations must not be interfered with by any claims of lessees for the protection of their plantations. All cavalry horses at Saint Louis have been ordered to the Department of Arkansas.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, June 8, 1864.

Lieutenant LYON,

A. D. C., General Franklin's Staff, Baton Rouge, La.:

Major-General Canby is on his way to New Orleans. Will be here to-morrow or next day.

O. MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., June 8, 1864.

Major G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: I respectfully ask that on order may be issued from department headquarters placing the cavalry camps of instruction and distribution in and near this city entirely under my orders. This will settle a troublesome question which I find arising. The present camping-ground of the First and Fifth Brigades of my command, near Fort Banks, is entirely unsuitable, and I ask permission to move the command to this side of the river, at or near Greenville. I can find no more suitable place on either side of the river within 20 miles of this city.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.

