
SHAWNEE MISSION, June 8, 1864.

Lieutenant BERTHOUD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Kansas City, Mo.:

SIR: Communication received at 5.30 p. m. I intend to go with my company to Shawneetown, and unite with the company there, and go up some 5 miles and scout down the Kaw Bottom to the State line to-morrow, for the purpose of ascertaining if any bushwhackers are lurking in that region, and if they should be they will probably go toward Missouri if no taken in.

Respectfully, yours,

L. D. JOY,

Captain, Commanding Station.
HDQRS. CO. E, FIRST CAV., MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Warrensburg, Mo., June 8, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN:

SIR: Pursuant to your order, I started with 45 men of Company E, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia (being all that the company could furnish), to re-enforce escort of U. S. train on their way to Lexington, Mo. We left Warrensburg about 9 a. m., 3rd instant. We scouted the brush on each side of the road until we crossed Davis' Creek, where we found the train encamped. We remained there until sunrise next morning, when we moved toward Lexington, Mo., and arrived there about 1 o'clock, 4th instant, and remained until the morning of the 6th, when we started back to Warrensburg, where we arrived abut 3 p. m., 7th instant. I did not scout any as we returned, on account of the two trains not staying together. Captain Jackson ordered me to keep my men together and guard the rear train. We heard of a great many guerrillas in La Fayette County, but we saw none.

Respectfully submitted.

FRANK BARKLEY,

2nd Lieutenant Co. e, 1st Cav., Mo. State Mil., Commanding Detach.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 8, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have the honor, in the name of all that is loyal, patriotic, and holy, to request that the general commanding immediately order H. T. to Saint Louis and keep him there. He claims to be under orders direct from department headquarters, and goes about with his most villainous conduct regardless of anybody. He is plundering the best men in North Missouri, insults and abuses women, travels in the most public thoroughfares in a state of beastly intoxication, with a notorious prostitute in company with him, and is guilty of all the crimes that I, as an officer of the Government, am under obligation to put down; and this rascal parades General Rosecrans' telegrams before the people as his authority to scout the country.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

