HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., June 8, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

You have full authority to do what is prudent. Send him here or keep him at work, as may be best; but if he has committed any crimes you are to take the proper steps for his punishment.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 8, 1864.

Captain R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-Camp:

Colonel Williams has placed before me your telegram touching modifications of my order placing him on duty at Hudson. Please say to the general commanding that it was not my intention that Colonel Williams should have anything to do with the organization of militia; that is exclusively the duty of Brigadier-General Douglass and his subordinates, and I supposed was already done, as the time for organization had passed by. I ordered Colonel Williams to Macon to assume command of his regiment and designate the localities where militia should be called into active service. The organization of the militia I have nothing to do with, but under General Rosecrans' orders, directing me to place on active duty in the district such militia as might be necessary, I have the authority to order an organized company into service. Does the general so understand it? Please answer immediately, as I desire to obey orders always, and wish to avoid all friction.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 8, 1864.

J. M. HIATT,

Assistant Provost-Marshall, Keokuk, Iowa:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 2nd instant, this day at hand. I am pleased to learn of the improved condition of affairs in your district. I shall visit the northeast as soon as I can conveniently and safely absent myself from headquarters. We are just now having considerable trouble in this section, and my personal presence is more needed here than elsewhere. The detail of militia will soon be made, with headquarters at Alexandria, and the officer in command will be instructed to receive and execute orders from yourself. I shall write Colonel Sanderson, provost-marshal-general, this day, recommending that you be authorized to employ the assistant you name. The preventive policy is the best one. Pursue it with vigor.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

