
OSBORN, MO., June 8, 1864.

General FISK:

Reliable citizens say 5 boys of Company I, Sixth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, were killed on Monday, June 6, near Claysville, and one of Company A had his horse stolen this morning about 4 miles from this place; also a citizen had his horse stolen last night near here. The horses were taken by 4 men roughly clad in citizens' dress, and bound east. Things look a little squally here at present.

C. E. PACKARD.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 8, 1864.

Judge LUCIUS SALISBURY,

Salisbury, Mo.:

Your communication of the 2nd instant is just received. I am quite surprised at the information you give men. The whole matter shall be thoroughly investigated. I fear it is some detective sent out from Saint Louis. Please preserve the writing on the slate. I assure you that such conduct shall be severely punished if I can find the guilty parties, and I think I can. I wish you would give me names and places where the outrages were committed. Give me the whole chapter if you can. I more than mistrust who the leader was. He was not a soldier, not an officer, but if I get my hands on him he will wish he had remained with the original thieves of whom you wrote. The people have sorrow enough without being subjected to such treatment from those whom we look upon as our defenders. I very much regret this conduct, and will use diligence in bringing the guilty to early punishment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

CHILLICOTHE, MO., June 8, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Will send a scout immediately. We know the parties; will kill them if they are to be found. Three of them have relatives in the forks of Grand River. They will probably go there to-night. We will be there as soon as they.

A. J. SWAIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, June 8, 1864.

Colonel G. A. COLTON,

Commanding Fifth Kansas State Militia, Paola, Kans.:

COLONEL: In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 54, from the adjutant-general's office of this State, dated Topeka, May 21, 1864, I desire to have you make arrangements for 300 men of your regiment to be called into active service on short notice (if a necessity should arise) to replace the troops required to move from their pres-

