
ent stations in the county of Miami. Should an emergency arise requiring any such movement of the troops, the commanding officer of the post of Paola is instructed to give you immediate notice of the fact on receiving his instructions, in order that you may call into active service the men notified in advance. The militia, while in active service, will be subsisted and furnished with ammunition by the Union States, but as I am authorized to furnish them with ammunition only while in active service, I recommend as an additional security against sudden movements of guerrillas that you make requisition, in accordance with your militia, laws, for a supply of ammunition for issue to the men of your regiment not in service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., June 8, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

Have ten companies cavalry 60 miles below Lyon, at Lyon, and on the way to Lyon, and below. Can keep things quiet between Lyon and Larned when I get there once. The unprecedented high waters have impeded our movements. Creeks, before always dry, have had 15 to 20 feet of water in them. Have 100 men with no horses; what shall I do? Company I is at Garland, H at Fremont's Orchard. Shall I send down?

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding District of Colorado.

FORT LYON, COLO. TEN., June 8, 1864.

Lieutenant J. S. MAYNARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Colorado:

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding, that since last dispatch I have not received any important intelligence in regard to the movements of the Texans, except Lieutenant Wilson reports the presence of 2 scouts on the Arkansas, presumed to the those of the enemy. The measures I have adopted will enable me in a very few days to ascertain, beyond a doubt, the exact locality and, in all probability, about the number of rebels supposed to be camped near Red River.

I have information from an Indian, unreliable, I presume, to the effect that the force of the enemy amounts to 4,000 or 5,000, with a large amount of transportation. He states that their stock is broken down, and they are not able to move before recruiting. I have but 129 efficient men now at this post; as soon as I can procure a sufficient number so as to enable me to leave an ample garrison in this post, I will make a reconnaissance in force, or, if practicable, make an attack. Thinking that the emergency of the case requires it, I have taken the responsibility of sending Lieutenant Baldwin to Fort Garland after the two howitzers now there. From J. B. Watrass, wagon-master for Watrass and Tipton, I have reports to the effect

18 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT IV

