
that Kiowa Indians robbed his train on the 25th of May, about 30 miles below Fort Mackey, on the Arkansas. Have various reports of an alliance between Kiowa and Cheyenne Indians and Texan rebels.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

E. W. WYNKOOP,

Major First Cav. of Colo., Commanding Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter.

SAINT PAUL, June 8, 1864.

Major-General POPE:

GENERAL: I have just arrived from Ridgely. Column moved on morning of 6th, in fine condition.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 202. Washington, June 9, 1864.

* * * * * * *

5. Captain J. W. Todd, ordnance department, will proceed without delay to Vicksburg, Miss., and report in person to Major-General Canby, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, for assignment to duty.

* * * * * * *

7. The following officers will report in person without delay to the commanding general and chief quartermaster, Military Division of West Mississippi, for assignment to duty: Captain S. S. Starr, assistant quartermaster of volunteers; Captain F. M. Norcross, assistant quartermaster of volunteers; Captain G. L. Heaton, assistant quartermaster of volunteers; Captain J. C. Mann, assistant quartermaster of volunteers; Captain Richard Penney, assistant quartermaster of volunteers; Captain J. B. Dexter, assistant quartermaster of volunteers.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK,

Mound City, June 9, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I inclose you a general order I issued in relation to your Orders, Numbers 6. I think now that the guerrillas will be disposed of. If your order is carried out it is the first time we have started in the right direction. I have been trying for two years to have this done, but without avail. I think the result of your order will be a quiet river. I would beg leave to recommend that a good force be kept at Skipwith's Landing, where it can at all times, by co-operating with the gun-boats there, be able to move on either side of the river. A force there will keep the coast clear for 100 miles, as the only place the rebels have to cross is at Deer Creek, where we have never molested them.

