
troops. An inspection of them will satisfy you in a short time. I trust you will excuse me for mentioning these matters. I know you want all the information you can get in the shortest possible time, and no one knows better the condition of things than myself. If at any time you should hear of any irregularities on the part of any of my command or remissness in attending to their duties, you will confer a favor by letting me know.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, U. S. MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK, Numbers 215. Mound City, Mo., June 8, 1864.

The attention of commanders of districts is called to the following orders* of General Canby, and they will report at once to the nearest military commander when they hear of any attempt to obstruct the river, and obtain all the assistance they can to put down the guerrillas. They will also notify Major-General Canby whenever any new move is made by the enemy on the Mississippi River or its tributaries.

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 151. New Orleans, June 9, 1864.

* * * * * * *

16. Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Thibodeaux, La., and relieve Brigadier-General McNeil in his command of the District of La Fourche.

17. Brigadier General John McNeil, U. S. Volunteers, upon being relieved by General Cameron in his command of the District of La Fourche, will proceed without delay to Port Hudson and assume command of that post.

18. Brigadier General William P. Benton, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed without delay to relieve Brigadier-General Warren in his command of the Post and District of Baton Rouge.

19. Upon being relieved by General Benton in his command at Baton Rouge, Brigadier General Fitz Henry Warren, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Brownsville, Tex., and relieve Major-General Herron in his command of the U. S. forces on the Rio Grande.

20. Major General F. J. Herron, U. S. Volunteers, on being relieved by General Warren in his command of the forces on the Rio Grande, will without delay repair to New Orleans, and report at these headquarters for instructions.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 60.

---------------

