HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., June 9, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Saint Louis., Mo.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to say, in reply to the communication of James Ratcliffe, of Miller County, herewith returned, that the parties who are robbing the people make but little discrimination between loyal and disloyal citizens, and after a searching investigation, through secret agents and by other modes, I have not been able to learn that any persons of character or property countenance the present system of guerrilla warfare, and the issuing of such an order as Mr. Ratcliffe asks for would have little or no effect in restraining the thieves and murders that now infest the country. This is true of nearly the whole district. Mr. Ratcliffe refers to previous orders on the subject. They were issued by me, when stationed at Jefferson City, in July, 1861, and, as he states, the effect was quite salutary; but with the Ishmaelites who now require restraining, nothing short of aa rope for themselves or their companions in prison, to be used if they do not cease their villainies, can have any effect.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 9, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

I just learned of a bushwhacking raid made on Frankfort, Saline County, on the night of the 7th instant.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DETACH. FIRST CAV., MO. STATE MILITIA,Holden, Mo., June 9, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN:

SIR: In obedience to orders I report the following:

June 5, 1864, Sergeant Key and 19 men of Company D, on Crawford's Fork of Big Creek, saw some signs but no guerrillas; marched 70 miles and returned to camp on the night of June 6, 1864. June 6, 1864, Lieutenant Cobb, Company M, and 5 men, on foraging and scouting expedition in the vicinity of Lone Jack, Mo.; saw no signs of guerrillas and marched 25 miles and returned to camp on same day. June 7, 1864, Captain James D. Eads, Company M, and 18 men of his company, on scout to within 3 miles of Pleasant Hill, and 2 miles of Lone Jack, scouting the country on Crawford's and Anderson's Forks of Big Creek; learned there were small bodies of guerrillas, consisting of 3 or 4, straggling in the country; captured a small bay stallion, supposed to belong to guerrillas; said stallion is in possession of Captain Eads, subject to orders from proper authority; marched 35 miles, and returned to camp same day. June 7,

