
from Colonel McFerran, I staid at Knobnoster until 3 p. m. of same day, when I received an order from Colonel McFerran to leave 20 men at Knobnoster and report in person at these headquarters. I did so. From the best information I could gather, the cavalrymen above spoken of were a scout of our own men and I did not apprehend any danger from them. Distance traveled: While on the abovenamed scout, Lieutenant Miller and 36 men marched from Warrensburg, Mo. to Knobnoster, Mo., distance, 11 miles. Sergt. John E. Grantham and 15 men marched from Knobnoster, Mo., to Warrensburg, Mo., distance 11 miles. Total distance traveled going and returning, by the total number of men, 572 miles. Average distance traveled by each man, 15 8-9 miles.

BENTON MILLER,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Co. A, First Cavalry, M. S. M.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 9, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Colonel HALL,

Sedalia, Mo.:

General Fisk reports from Glasgow a raid by bushwhackers upon the town of Frankfort, Saline County, on the night of the 7th.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS COMPANY L,Tipton, Mo., June 9, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE H. HALL,

Fourth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia:

COLONEL: I will report to you the result of my scout since the 2nd instant. After leaving Jefferson City, took the Linn Creek road; traveled it 1 1/2 miles and took the left-hand leading to Dew Rock. Traveled the Dew Rock road, leading a southeast direction, timbered country and roads rough, a distance of 6 miles, and took the left-hand (the right leading to Tuscumbia) at the wire bridge, and traveled in the same direction until arriving at Castle Rock; distance, 6 miles. Made camp for the night. No forage, rough road, and timbered, broken country.

On the 3rd day of June, took up line of march in a southeast direction. Five miles from Castle Rock the road forked. Took the righthand, the left road leading east to Westphalia. Three miles from the forks of the road a spring to the left of the road about 100 yards affords plenty of water. Two miles from the spring the road forked. Took the left-hand, the right-hand leading south to Waynesville. One and one-half miles from the forks of the road, crossed Brushy Marais; not much stock water; a good well with plenty of good pure water. Remained at Brushy Marais about three hours. Sent up the creek about 2 1/2 miles and got some corn. Left Brushy Marais at 2 p. m.; arrived at the Big Marais at 6 p. m.; distance, 10 miles. A dry, broken, timbered country all the way. Weather warm and clear. Bivouacked for the night. No forage in the country.

June 4, took up line of march. The command marched to Vienna; distance, 8 miles. Sent out two scouts on the morning of the 4th, one

