
north, under Lieutenant Houston, with 12 men, down the Marais, about 5 miles; turned to the right and struck the Gasconade, 7 miles after leaving the Marais. Traveled no public road. Rocky, broken, and timbered country; found but little forage; saw no enemy; left the Gasconade 3 p. m. for Vienna; arrived at Vienna 6 p. m.; distance, 12 miles. The scout under Sergeant Goss, with 12 men, south, crossed the Little Marais; found some corn; distance, 8 miles, and struck in a northeast direction for Vienna; arrived at Vienna 6 p. m.; distance, 10 miles.

On the 5th, I made my headquarters at Vienna; sent out two scouts south from Vienna; one scout up the Gasconade, under Corporal Hargrove; up the Gasconade about 12 miles; saw no bushwhackers; returned 7 p. m. Report the road rough, timbered, and water plenty. The scout under Sergeant Brown, west of south, scouted on the Little Marais; found no forage; rough, broken, and timbered country.

On the 6th, left Vienna with my command and marched in a southeast direction and camped on the waters of the Big Tavern; distance, 24 miles.

On the 7th, I sent out a scout under Sergeant Brown in an east direction to get some Government mules that were in that country. He came to the company 8 p. m., where I had struck camp, a distance of 24 miles from the Big Tavern, and brought with him 2 mules branded with U. S. Took up line of march from Cotton Prairie; crossed the Linn Creek and Jefferson road, 1 1/2 miles from camp. Marched in a northwest direction for Tipton. Arrived at Tipton 5 p. m.; distance, 25 miles. A prairie country; road good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. WORLEY,

Captain Company L, 4th Cav., Missouri State Militia.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST AND SECOND SUB-DISTRICTS,Sedalia, Mo., June 9, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the commanding general.

GEORGE H. HALL,

Colonel Fourth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, Commanding

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Warrensburg, June 11, 1864

Respectfully referred to Major-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Missouri.

This scout was made by his orders for the purpose of intercepting a party of rebels which on the 2nd instant was reported as passing Cuba and would cross the river at Portland.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]

The chief engineer of this department will see this platted. The author of the report will be complimented.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

