
round her place. About daylight a picket of the latter squad was fired upon by men in citizens' clothes. A fight ensued, in which 1 of the attacking party was killed on the spot and another badly wounded; the balance fled. Our boys ran upon them and then discovered that they were loyal citizens who had started out in pursuit of the bushwhackers. Ward, hotel-keeper at Kidder, is the wounded man. The man killed is Captain Givens. Our men were attacked, and of course defended themselves, not knowing but it was bushwhackers until they ran upon the wounded man.

In haste, respectfully, yours,

WILLIAM McILWRATH,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 9, 1864.

Captain WILSON,

Parkville, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I am in receipt of your favor of the 9th instant. Your disposition of your men in order to aid the farmers with their crops is just right and meets approval. You have an important section of country to guard, and I shall expect you to do it well. I believe you will. You have already been directed to send the prisoners up to district headquarters with the evidence. Catlett will be released on furnishing the proof he says he can. I am well persuaded that parties in Kansas are operating in Platte County, and we must dig them out. Do your duty in every respect. Spend no time bickering with Paw Paws.

Treat such as you can trust with full confidence. Save the doubting ones if possible. Avoid making arrests unless you are very sure of convicting the accused, but when you are sure do your duty with vigor. Confer with Major Clark with freedom. I believe he is trying to do right. Report to him and myself promptly. I shall order the major to Parkville to see you, and want you and him to work harmoniously in putting down all disturbances. You have a common interest, and nothing is to be gained by estrangement and want of confidence in each other. I am pleased with your earnestness and good spirit, and shall expect many good reports from your command.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

STEWARTSVILLE, MO., June 9, 1864.

General FISK:

My men have been scouting since your ordered Lieutenant Culbertson and have not caught anything; they need arms and ammunition and cannot do service without. There is not a doubtful man in my company; every one loyal. Will you arm them so they can be of service in any emergency? Please answer.

O. G. McDONALD,

Captain Co. B, De Kalb County Enrolled Missouri Militia.

