
HAMILTON, MO., June 9, 1864.

General FISK:

There is a gang of some 40 or 50 bushwhackers about 10 miles north of here, and have killed 1 of our men last night. We went out on your order of yesterday and found them.

GEORGE K. DONNELLY,

Captain.

MACON, MO., June 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

On the 5th of June I was ordered by Colonel Williams to go to the northwest part of Chariton and act in concert with H. T. When I got to Bucklin, H. T. told me that he knew where the camp of bushwhackers was, about 150 strong. I told him to let us go and take them in. We traveled all day, and after supper he told me that we were within 4 miles of the camp. He gave me the description of the camp, that it was in a pasture, and have me all the particulars about it. He spoke to me about there being a jackass, a stallion, and an old man. I went over the place by myself; found the jackass, the stallion, and the old man, but failed to find any camp. I had no confidence in the man from the beginning, as he kept drunk all the time.

He promised me to get me a fine horse and a fine pistol, all of which looked very suspicious to me. I am of the opinion that the does not accomplish anything by his scouting. He also told me that there were 2,000 stand of arms now in Chariton and 1,000 in Randolph. I proposed to him to go and get them, when he dropped the subject entirely. The next morning I went out with my men to get our breakfast. While we were at it he sent for 10 men and wanted me to meet him at Keytesville. I sent word back that I would not send them, because I thought my men would not go with such a man as I believed him to be. As far as I am concerned, I would rather be cashiered than be controlled by such a man. My intention was to report to Colonel Williams, and request him to send an older officer than I was to inquire into the matter.

SAML. PATTERSON,

First Lieutenant Co. C, Ninth Cav., Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 9, 1864.

JAMES TAYLOR,

Mirabile, Caldwell County, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your valued letter of the 9th instant. I learn that a company has recently been placed on duty near the north line of Clay County, and we hope to drive out and exterminate the marauding villains who are disturbing your peace. The citizens must arm, and watch, and find, and kill the bushwhackers. Let associations be formed and patrols be placed on duty, and every precaution taken to secure your neighborhood against marauders. The people must take it in hand, for we cannot station troops in every neighborhood. Kill all

