
the bushwhackers you can find engaged in their hellish work. I hope can find the murderers of our returned furloughed veterans. No pains will be spared to bring them to summary punishment.

I am, dear sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 9, 1864.

JOHN H. HOLDSWORTH,

Long Branch, Monroe County, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: Your esteemed communication of the 4th instant is received and contents noted. The change of provost-marshal would have to be made at Saint Louis through Colonel Sanderson, provost-marshal-general of the department. I am well persuaded that your sub-district should have a more vigorous and competent officer, and will use my influence in securing a change at an early practicable day. I shall soon place militia in active service in your section, and in such force as to preserve the peace. I am quite reluctant to call away from their homes our farmers at this busy season, and shall not do it if it can possibly by avoided.

I do not anticipate any general uprising of the people of secession proclivities. They have good sense enough to know that one more uprising in Missouri would bring total ruin upon every rebel in the State. General Merrill's order is yet in force, and you may let it be generally known that for every Union man disturbed 10 rebels will be held responsible and made to correct the wrong done their neighbors. We know who the enemies of the Government are, and now in the fourth year of our sorrows we shall not handle them with tender words of entreaty; mark that. I remember you very well, and the pleasant and instructive interview to which you make allusions. If I should conclude to call out militia in your county, would be glad to know what company would best serve the interests of their county under faithful, discreet, and loyal officers. Your attention to this item of information will oblige,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, June 9, 1864.

His Excellency Governor T. CARNEY:

Yours of the 7th, concerning the anxiety of the people of Kansas in the vicinity of Emporia, and urging me to station Federal forces below to cover the neighborhood, is duly received. I have also had this matter strongly urged by persons of that vicinity, and have promised to do all in my power in view of my slender resources and the dangers and demands elsewhere. At present I have withdrawn most of the troops in that region to escort the refugee Indians to their homes, but I will call the attention of General McKean to an early effort to conform, as far as possible, to your suggestions and

