
the anxious desires of the people. In the mean time, I respectfully recommend to Your Excellency a liberal use of your functions in the organization and equipment of the militia in that region, when, do the very best I can, I must after all depend very much on the resident inhabitants to aid in discovering and repelling danger.

I remain, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, June 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General McKEAN,

Commanding District of Southern Kansas, Paola:

GENERAL: My attention has been called to the neighborhood of Barnesville, where it is said bushwhackers have recently approached within 2 miles of our line. I consider it a great credit to you that they do not venture clear over, but this is said to be an important settlement, and I hope you will give it special regard. The Governor and people have also called my attention to the region of Emporia. I have said when your troops return from escorting the refugee Indians you may be able to give special attention to that region; mean time I wish you would, if you think it safe, have a picket or occasional scout sent down by the company stationed at Council Grove. I think, however, the forward move of the refugees is a considerable protection to that region of country, as it partially covers the probable line of rebel approach.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., June 9, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: Upon my arrival from Fort Ridgely I had the honor to receive your dispatch of 3rd instant. Your directions will be strictly followed. The companies of the Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers, under Major Clowney, will march to Fort Ridgely very soon, en route to James River. While at that post I made very particular inquiry of some of my scouts who have hunted during the winter along the James River for a long distance, and their statements corroborate those of Major Brown and Messrs Kittson and Bottineau, who are well acquainted with the valley of that stream, that there is not timber sufficient for an ordinary trading post, far less for a military post. Still, in order to settle the question beyond a peradventure, I will order a reconnaissance along the river up to the point west from Fort Abercrombie, before the site is determined upon.

Colonel Thomas' column, composed of about 1,550 armed and mounted men, including scouts, were dispatched from Fort Ridgely early on the morning of the 6th instant, in fine condition. They will reach Swan Lake, on the Missouri, within twenty days from the

