
date of their departure, and I feel confident that they will anticipate General Sully's arrival at the point of junction. There have been a few heavy showers in the upper country, which have greatly aided vegetation. There are a few Indians lurking about the frontier, and I learn from the scouts that about 400 lodges, embracing the very scum of the Isanti Sioux, are encamped at the Two Coolies, about 20 miles above the point where I struck the east side of the Missouri Coteau with my command last year. The reports are that they will not join the Missouri Indians, but retain a position which will enable them to make a raid upon the settlements in this direction or escape to the British line, if necessary.

The Tetons and Yanktonais, numbering 2,000 lodges, are determined to fight the troops, and express themselves confident of victory. Their exact locality it is difficult to learn, as statements conflict, but I believe they will be found by General Sully below the mouth of Apple Creek.

The information I have received lately leads to the belief that all of the Sioux bands, excepting the friendly Sissetons, who constitute only a portion of that division, are imbued with a spirit of bitter hostility to the Government, and unless they shall be effectually chastised during the present summer there will be accumulated numbers to meet hereafter.

I know you think I overestimate the danger from Indian hostilities on this frontier, and I hope I do; but I cannot conceal from myself that the numerical force of the hostile savages is very great; that they are in constant communication with the Red River half-breeds, and obtain from them intelligence of any diminution of force on the border; and that the distance of 200 or 300 miles to be traversed to bring them in contact with the settlements in Minnesota and Iowa is no barrier to these Indians, whose movements are so rapid.

Much depends upon General Sully's movements, and should his expedition fail, from any cause whatever, I sincerely believe that the frontier will be attacked at all the exposed points before the setting in of winter.

In compliance with your orders the Indian prisoners, except Little Six and Medicine Bottle, who are securely confined at Front Snelling, were dispatched to Davenport on 6th instant. The officer in command of the James River expedition will receive a plan of the post and such specific instructions from these headquarters as to insure the selection of a proper site and the erection of suitable buildings and defenses.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., June 15, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of Major General H. W. Halleck, Chief of Staff of the Army.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

19 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT IV

