
WASHINGTON, June 10, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General CANBY,

Mississippi River, via Cairo, Ill.:

The Wisconsin 100-days' regiments are ordered to Memphis, and those from Iowa to Helena, for such disposition as you deem best. Your attention is respectfully called to the necessity of dismounting poor cavalry regiments, so as to completely remount the better ones. It will not be possible to supply them all with remounts. Your attention is also called to reuniting regiments the companies of which have been separated.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 34. New Orleans, La., June 10, 1864.

* * * * * * *

2. The following-named regiments are detailed for duty as an enegineer brigade, under command of Colonel J. Bailey, Fourth Wisconsin Volunteer Cavalry, and will proceed without delay to Vicksburg, Miss., and report to him for further orders: Sixth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, Twenty-fourth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, One hundred and sixty-first Regiment New York Volunteers. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

3. The following-named officers will proceed to Vicksburg, Miss., without delay and report to Colonel J. Bailey, Fourth Wisconsin Volunteer Cavalry, commanding Engineer Brigade, for special duty:

Lieutenant Colonel U. B. Pearsall, Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry.

Lieutenant Colonel William B. Kinsey, One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteer Infantry.

Captain George W. Durgin, Company B, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry.

First Lieutenant E. A. Ramsay, Company H, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry.

Second Lieutenant George F. Clark, Company B, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry.

First Lieutenant W. Hill, Company M, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry.

Captain George W. Stein, Company A, Sixteenth Ohio Volunteers.

First Lieutenant William J. Edwards, Company K, Sixth Michigan Volunteers.

4. The following-named enlisted men will proceed at once to Vicksburg, Miss., and report for special duty to Colonel J. Bailey, commanding Engineer Brigade:

Quartermaster-Sergt. Alanson B. Burroughs, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry.

Sergt. George W. Porter, Company D, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry.

Sergt. A. L. Stone, Company E, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry.

Sergt. Major D. A. Kenyon, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry.

Private N. J. White, Company D, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry.

Private N. V. Chandler, Company E, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry.

Private John N. Starr, Company C, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry.

Private C. D. Spaulding, Company I, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry.

Private G. M. Martin, Company D, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry.

