
Private Reuben Moore, One hundred and twenty-eighth New York Volunteer Infantry.

Private Charles E. Reynolds, One hundred and twenty-eighth New York Infantry.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACHMENT 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 51. Memphis, Tenn., June 10, 1864.

* * * * * * *

V. Brigadier General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, will immediately disembark his command on the bank at Memphis, Tenn., taking off everything pertaining to his command. Upon his reporting to these headquarters that his command is disembarked, a guide will be sent to show him where to encamp.

By order of Brigadier General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 69. New Orleans, June 10, 1864.

The following instructions, contained in circular dated headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, May 30, 1864, are republished for the government of all concerned:

Deserters, refugees, and other persons coming in at any military post in the Division of West Mississippi, or at any of the posts on the east bank of the Mississippi River, will be carefully examined by a discreet officer, and the information obtained from them compared and collated with that derived from scouts and other sources, and reported direct to the "Chief Signal Officer," at the headquarters of this division, Natchez, Miss. Where this information is of immediate interest to any other commander, a copy of the report will be sent direct to that commander. The information thus obtained will be communicated only to the division, department, or district commanders, except in the case of subordinate commanders specially interested, and will be confidential.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 152. New Orleans, June 10, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XV. Brigadier General Daniel Ullmann, commanding U. S. forces at Port Hudson, will without delay cause a brigade of colored troops, to consist of 2,500 men, to cross the Mississippi at Port Hudson, and march to Morganza, where it will be reported to Brigadier General William H. Emory, commanding U. S. forces, to relieve Colonel Dickey's

