
PINE BLUFF, [June 10, 1864.]

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have not any confidence in the report of Marmaduke being on the north side of the Arkansas. The scout reported nothing of the kind to me or to my adjutant. About the same time that the scout reported here a party of 100 men of my command returned. They had been to Arkansas Post, examined the fortifications there, &amp;c. Did not see or hear of any force of the enemy in that direction; therefore I do not think there is any foundation for the report.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

CLINTON, June 10, 1864-5 p. m.

(Via Lewisburg.)

Brigadier-General CARR, Commanding District:

I have just returned from a scout up the south fork of the Little Red. Nothing of importance was observed; a few bushwhackers in the mountains. The scout sent to Meadows went near to Richwoods and reports Coffee at Mount Olive, Izard County with 200 men, enlisting and conscripting. He is going toward Yellville, Marion County. His men report they are going into Missouri and Shelby's command would follow immediately after them. The scout I sent to Kinderhook went within 25 miles of Batesville. They report Shelby having gone down to Jacksonport with his command on the 4th instant, and returned again to Batesville on the 7th. The men of his command stated that they were going into Missouri, but from all indications I think they will try to get out in squads through the mountains. The country in this vicinity is very rough. Nearly all my horses are barefooted. Those shod at Captain Manly's shop nearly all came off the first three days' march. The work was shamefully done.

Respectfully, yours,

JAMES STUART,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding, Scout.

CLINTON, June 10, 1864.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR, Commanding District:

Reports from Shelby are conflicting. I will move immediately with my whole force directly toward Batesville, and will push ahead until I find out what he is doing. I will not be able to send a dispatch to-morrow.

Respectfully,

JAMES STUART,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Clarksville, Ark., June 10, 1864.

Major GREEN:

I have the honor to inform you that I am at this place in command, and have been since the 22nd ultimo. Shelby left as I came in, and as he is still north of the river, as far as I know, and was

