
last heard from, as to my knowledge, on his way to Batesville and the White River, I expect that his return will be by this, the weakest place of the line. I do not have the force here to enable me to scout for him, and can only depend upon others to apprise me of the approaching danger from afar. When he comes I do not expect him to cast his shadow before him. Should you have a knowledge of his return movements please inform me if it threatens this place. I propose to hold myself in readiness to receive him in a direct attack, or to disable him if he attempts to cross in this vicinity. I have about 1,000 men and two pieces of artillery. Locally all is quiet. I have driven Jackman and Dorsey out of this range, having made three successful moved against them.

Please give me any important news.

Your obedient servant,

W. F. CLOUD,

Colonel Second Kansas Cavalry.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 10, 1864-12.25 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

On the 16th of May orders were given to send an Iowa or Illinois regiment to Missouri, to replace the Ninth Minnesota, and June 3 General Heintzelman was directed to send two Illinois regiments to Saint Louis. General Heintzelman's attention will be again directed to send two regiments to Saint Louis immediately.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, June 10, 1864.

(Received 1.05 a. m., 11th.)

Major-General HALLECK:

From want of orders here, possibly, that Iowa regiment went down the river two weeks since. Can't you send me some Veteran Reserves for prison guards and a few officers fit for assistant provost-marshals? You must know from experience the nature of the troops, how difficult it is to get officers to fill these positions, important to the welfare of the people and the interests of the service.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

June 10, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: In answer to your indorsement of the 1st instant, relative to veterans and re-enlistments in and from the Missouri State Militia, the same having been submitted to the War Department by

