
His Excellency the Governor of Missouri, I am directed by the Secretary of War to communicate the following:

1. You are authorized to collect the veteran volunteers re-enlisted from the regiments of the Missouri State Militia, and form them into a regiment, or, in case the number re-enlisted is not sufficient to form a regiment, into a battalion.

2. If there are other men in the regiments of Missouri State Militia who desire to re-enlist for unconditional volunteer service, they may do so, and will be received under following conditions.

First. The number in each regiment will be ascertained, discharged, and re-enlisted for three years or during the war.

Second. After the detachments from the respective regiments have been re-enlisted they will be collected and formed into one or more regiments, depending on the total umber; one regiment, however, to be completely organized before an additional one is commenced.

Third. The regiments, as rapidly as formed, will be mustered into service with minimum regimental organization.

Fourth. The men re-enlisting will receive the bounty provided by law, namely, the $100 authorized by the act of July, 1861 (General Orders, Numbers 49), the same to be paid under the regulations promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 163, series of 1863, from this office.

Fifth. The discharges from the militia regiments and the musters into and formation of the new regiments will be under the direction of the commissary of musters for the department and his assistants.

Sixth. The new regiments, as herein authorized, will be organized and mustered into service in accordance with the requirements of the mustering regulations.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

June 10, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letters of May 8 and June 3, present year, in reference to the payment of some thirty-five companies of the enrolled militia, called out (through the Governor) and continued in service by proper U. S. officers, but who have not been paid since October 31, 1863, they having been paid to that date by the State. In reply I am directed to communicate the following as the orders of the Secretary of War:

First. You are authorized to have the said troops regularly mustered into the service for the period of twenty months, reckoning from November 1, 1863.

Second. In making the muster-in the organization of the companies (or regiments, if so organized) must conform to that of the volunteer forces of the United States. (See section 2 of the act of July 17, 1862, page 22, General Orders, Numbers 91.)

Third. The musters-in will be made by the commissary of musters of the department and his assistants. Great care must be exercised in preparing the rolls, and the same must be forwarded promptly to this office. Before being forwarded each roll must be examined and countersigned by the department commissary of musters. Under

