
service, had been arrested last fall, and been incarcerated in some military prison (Myrtle street, I believe) for several months, because a notorious rebel, whom they were ordered to arrest, had died on the way from his residence to Union. If my memory serves me right you have shown a decided disposition to release these men, but as I told you that they had been released the subject of course dropped. But since my return home I have been made aware that these men are still under bond, and that they are held to report themselves every week by letter. You will conceive that such restraint may cripple their actions very materially, if in case of an emergency they should be compelled to defend themselves. You would therefore be entitled to the full gratitude of every loyal man if you would use your influence to release these men of their bonds and make them free men once more-Captain Andrew Fink, under bond of $3,000; Lieutenant Arnold Renner, under bond of $3,000; Private J. Christian Herman, under bond of $1,000.

The prospect that some companies of loyal men will be detailed and put under the command of trustworthy officers is hailed with universal satisfaction, and the mere organization of such a force will conduce very considerably to the pacification of our section. Rebels may not fancy such an arrangement, but their approbation we do not seek, and still less do we care about it. Since my return home they must have smelled a rat, because they seem to be remarkably peaceable and friendly. The presence of a company of the Tenth Kansas Regiment on the southwest branch also tends to mollify the warlike propensities of our rebels, because they have a very distinct sensation in what peculiar manner these Kansas boys are wont to settle accounts with bushwhackers. Some weeks ago E. Giebler's store, on the Bourboise, in Boon Township, Franklin County, was robbed by 4 bushwhackers. It has since been reported that 4 men have been found in the woods, each with a hole in his head, but as I have been unable to trace this report to any reliable source, I just give it for what it is worth. Please reply if convenient.

Sir, I am, with high regard, your obedient servant,

GERT GOEBEL.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. SAINT LOUIS DIST., OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,Saint Louis, Mo., July 23, 1864.

Respectfully referred to provost-marshal-general, Department of the Missouri.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

CHAS. S. HILLS,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., July 25, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Captain Hills, with the information that H. Boeger, Arnold Renner, Andrew Fink, and J. C. Herman, of Franklin County, Mo., were released from custody and from their paroles on July 1, 1864.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.

