
WARRENSBURG, MO., June 10, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

One battalion of the Seventh Regiment Missouri State Militia has returned to this post. The other will be here to-day or to-morrow.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Lexington, Mo., June 10, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Commanding Third Sub-District:

COLONEL: In compliance with orders from you I have the honor to report that from the 6th day of June, 1864, to the 9th day of June, 1864, inclusive, the following services were performed by men under my command: One the 6th day of June, 1864, Sergt. Joseph Dilley, in command of 20 men of Company G, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, went as an escort for the telegraph repairer on the Independence road. Fixed the line and returned same day, having traveled 45 miles. Saw no guerrillas. On the 8th day of June, 1864, Sergt. William A. Kinkade, in command of 19 men of Company G, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, went as an escort for telegraph repairer beyond Fire Prairie Bottom, on the Independence road. Fixed the line in working condition, and returned same day, having traveled 50 miles. Had no engagement with guerrillas.

On the 9th day of June, 1864, Lieutenant Kessinger, in command of 18 men of Company G, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, started on a scout at 3 a. m. Marched in a southwest direction, and scoured the country on foot and horseback. Saw some signs of the enemy, and 2 men, who were supposed to be rebel pickets, but had no engagement. Returned to camp same day, having traveled 25 miles. On the 9th day of June, 1864, Lieutenant Groomer started on a scout in command of 25 men of Company G, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia. He left camp at 3 a. m., and moved, with two days' rations, in the direction of Mrs. Neill's, on the Columbus road. He is still out. He has not been heard from. The remaining few of G Company have been actively engaged for the time above mentioned in protecting the Government property now in store here, guarding prisoners, and enforcing obedience to orders among steam-boat men, as well as citizens, protecting all who obey the laws of their country. While these services were being performed the soldiers and officers have behaved admirably. Not a complaint has been made by any citizen as to had conduct of one of my men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN BALLINGER,

Captain Company G, First Cav., M. S. M., Commanding Post.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 10, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN:

Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 10, dated headquarters Third Sub-District, District of Central Missouri, Warrensburg, Mo., June 5, 1864, I left Warrensburg, Mo., on the 6th day of June, 1864, in command of 15 men, detachments of Companies C and I, of the Seventh

