
miles of Pleasant Hill, Mo., and 2 miles of Lone Jack, scouting the country on Crawford's and Anderson's Forks of Big Creek; learned there were small parties of guerrillas, but saw none; returned to camp at Holden, Mo., same day; marched 25 miles. June 7, 1864, Lieutenant Triplett, of Company D, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, and 15 men on foot, on scout on Brush Creek; scouted down to the mouth of said creek; saw some signs of guerrillas, probably passed down six or eight days previous, no more than 5 or 6 in a place; scout returned to camp on the evening of June 8, 1864.

JOHN WYCKOFF,

Captain, Commanding Detach. First Cavalry, M. S. M.

MACON, MO., June 10, 1864.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK:

The commander at Hermann reports to the provost-marshall at Fulton that there are 400 rebels in camp in Callaway County, and I suppose wants the provost-marshal to arrest them; says his information is reliable. There may probably be something at department headquarters in regard to the matter. If you can get anything from them about it, I can reach the place in two days and a half with 75 men, besides what militia is in reach, and some volunteer citizens. I have no faith in the report. Colonel Williams went to Danville this evening.

DAN. M. DRAPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Ninth Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 10, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Hermann, Mo.:

My provost-marshal at Fulton, Callaway County, reports that you know where there are 400 rebels in camp in Callaway County. Please inform me how you know this, and where they are. Answer immediately.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MILAN, MO., June 10, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: Your kind communication of the 6th instant is at hand, informing me that Captain Dennis Adams and 40 men have been ordered on duty, &amp;c. Captain Adams has been temporarily absent in Iowa on business, but returned home yesterday, as I am informed, and will, I presume, assume command of the Milan post immediately, pursuant to your order and subject to your directions.

I have this moment dispatched a messenger to Captain Adams, who lives about 8 miles distant, to inform him of his appointment, and that there is a document from headquarters District of North

