
Missouri, on official business, in the post-office here for him. His appointment will give general satisfaction to the loyal element here, though some of his warm friends (Captain E. L. Webb was one) have aspired to the same position, which was surely their privilege, and for which they should not be blamed.

I understand that Captain Jewett and his copperhead friends are making a great effort to get up a petition, or rather a remonstrance, to be sent up to you against the post. The radicals and unconditional Union men of this county sneer at their puny attempts, and utterly repudiate their every effort. But with one not on his guard, they will deceived the very elect, were it possible, with their whining cant and false protestations for the Union. I know them; they can't deceive me. "Actions speak louder then words," and "Straws show which way the wind blows."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. B. COCHRANE.
HDQRS. CO. D, EIGHTY-SECOND Regiment, E. M. M.,Weston, Mo., June 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

SIR: I have just received information that Quantrill with a large force is in or near Goose Neck, on Platte River. The number of his force is estimated to be about 1,000; none of them, or very few, have guns, but nearly all have from one to four navy revolvers each. I have made Major Clark acquainted with the facts, but have not yet heard from him. The information I have received I think is reliable, from two different persons. I sent a scout to Ridgeley yesterday, as an escort for Captain Fitzgerals, but they have not returned yet; I think they have been intercepted by the rebels.

Respectfully, yours,

W. T. WOODS,

Captain, Commanding Post, Weston, Mo.

My scout that was with Captain Fitzergald has just arrived. They did not hear anything. General, you can rely upon anything Mr. Roney tells you.

W.

WESTON, MO., June 10, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS:

SIR: I have been in this place for the last hour. I find that great fear is entertained by the Unionists of bushwhackers. Captain Woods with his company has gone to the country and will not be back to-night; the citizens will guard the town to-night. General Fisk has been informed of the condition of affairs in this county, but does not seem to believe that there is any danger. I must say that I am compelled to differ with him in that respect. From all that I can learn, this (Platte) county and Clay are full of bushwhackers, and they are determined to make a raid upon this place. It may be done to-night.

In my opinion there should be something done, and that immediately. I have fully investigated the matter and believe that there is really danger. On night before last 50 bushwhackers were within

