
10 miles of this place; this I have from good authority and it can be relied upon. I will remain here to-night, as my family are quiet unwell and are very uneasy on account of the reports, which, by the way, are not very public. Since my arrival in this place I see many persons (secessionists) in town who have not been here for years. If in your power to induce General Fisk to send troops to this place, I know you will receive many thanks from the loyal people for your assistance in that way. Something should be done as soon as possible for the relief of the loyal citizens of this city.

In great hurry, I have the honor to be, general, most truly, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. PRICE,
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, June 10, 1864.

JOHN MESSENGER, Esq.,

Barnesville, Kans.:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you, in reply to your communication of the 28th ultimo, in reference to the nearness of bushwhackers to our line, and requesting that troops be stationed near Barnesville to prevent their depredations, that he has written to Brigadier-General McKean, commanding District of South Kansas, calling his special attention to the facts as reported in your communication.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, June 10, 1864.

Brigadier General S. N. WOOD,

Kansas State Militia, Council Grove, Kans.:

GENERAL: I am glad to see by your order of the 31st you have called a few militia into service in Butler. I hope you will give them directions also to co-operate with Federal troops, so as to avoid conflict as far as possible. Trade regulations with the Indians have been turned over by me to those commanding the Indian country.

I found my attempt to regulate that matter would swallow up all my slender forces. Colonel Coffin has started down with several thousand refugee Indians, who, I hope, will eat up all the scattering stock in the abandoned Indian country.

Truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., June 10, 1864.

Major J. F. MELINE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee:

MAJOR: I found your dispatch of 2nd instant on my arrival from Fort Ridgely on the evening of 8th instant. The instructions of

