
the major-general commanding therein contained will, of course, be obeyed. The four companies of Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers now at Fort Snelling will be dispatched to Fort Ridgely not later than 15th instant, it having been necessary to retain them here to provide their camp equipage from that which will be turned in by the Sixth Regiment, which will march on 14th instant. I shall probably station one company of the Wisconsin Volunteers at Ridgely, and dispatch the others, under Major Clowney, with one company of cavalry, to erect the post at the James River. On the return of the expeditionary forces, the companies of the Wisconsin regiment will be relieved, and march to join the remaining companies on the Missouri, at such point as you may hereafter desi- nate.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 11, 1864-4 p. m.

(Received 21st.)

Major-General CANBY,

Vicksburg:

Brigadier-General Bailey, being in your command, can be assigned as you may desire. The same applies in regard to Major-General Reynolds. To meet your demand for general officers of rank, Major-Generals Granger, McCook, and Hurlbut will be ordered to report to you. The Secretary of War authorizes you to assign them to any duty you wish, or if you do not deem them available to send them back to report to Adjutant-General of the Army. The Thirteenth Corps has been temporarily abolished. I do not think it will be possible to open the railroad farther west than Monroe, and even for that distance it will be necessary that you procure much of your material from the abandoned roads east of the Mississippi River. All shops are now pressed for locomotives and rolling-stock to supply Sherman's army, and if Congress orders the building of the East Tennessee road, as is now contemplated, it will absorb most of the iron rail that can be pursued. To build and put in operation the entire road to Shreveport will coast not less than $4,000,000 or $5,000,000, and will require four or five months' time. Many things have risen 50 per cent. in the last two months, and are still rising. It is very difficult to procure enough skilled railroad mechanics even for repairs. Consider these matters well, and also how far water transportation on the Washita may be made available.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 210. Washington, June 11, 1864.

By direction of the President, the Thirteenth Army Corps is temporarily discontinued. The general commanding District of West Mississippi will assign the troops of this corps.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

