
QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 11, 1864.

Brigadier General ROBERT ALLEN, Chief Quartermaster, Louisville:

General Canby requires four first-class portable steam saw-mills. Send them to him as soon as the Mississippi is open again.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

OFFICE OF CHIEF Q. M., DIV. OF WEST MISS.,

Vicksburg, Miss., June 11, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Div. of West Mississippi, Natchez, Miss.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that in obedience to his instructions i came to this point on the 8th instant, and have carefully noted the amounts of stores on hand, and the amounts estimated for the supply of 40,000 men, exclusive of the troops within the District of Vicksburg. Except is some few items, the supplies on hand, together with those for which estimates had already been made, will, in my judgment, be ample for the proper supply of the troops that will draw from this depot. I have ordered estimates to be made for such stores as in my opinion are necessary, and which had not been already required for. Considerable quantities of the clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and quartermaster's stores have already arrived here from Memphis.

I have made preparations for furnishing Colonel Bailey with the timber that he will require, of the proper dimensions, and I think there will be a sufficient amount in readiness for him to commence operations as soon as he arrives here. I have obtained the following information concerning the railroad from this place to Shreveport, and I believe it to be tolerably reliable, though some of the distances given are probably only approximate. For about 8 miles from the Mississippi River the rails and many of the ties have been taken up. For the first 3 miles from the river all, or nearly all, the ties are gone. Much of the iron has been brought to Vicksburg and used, either on the railroad on this side, or as shields for earth-works around Vicksburg. Most of the iron so used has been heated and bent, and a considerable quantity covered by dirt and mud. Probably not more than 3 miles of iron out of the first 9 miles of road can now be made available for railroad purposes. Between Vicksburg and Monroe, a distance of nearly 70 miles, all the trestle-work and bridges have been destroyed, and in many places the iron has been torn up. It is said, however, to be uninjured, although much of it is lying in the bayous and creeks. The principal bridges are at Tensas, about 28 miles from river (by rail); at Delhi, about 30 miles from river (by rail); and at Boeuf, about 48 miles from river (by rail). The bridge across the Washita River was never completed. There are said to be three good engines in the railroad shed at Monroe.

Distance (about) from-- Miles.

Vicksburg to Richmond ................................. 20

Vicksburg to Tensas ................................... 28

Vicksburg to Delhi .................................... 38

20 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT IV

