
ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 25, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have to request that Captain J. C. Palfrey, Corps of Engineers, now serving on the staff of the Department of the Gulf, may be relieved from that service as soon as possible and ordered to return to his duties at Ship Island. It is understood that there has been a necessity in the affairs of the Department of the Gulf which has required the aid of Captain Palfrey, as well as of all other assistance of officers that could be reached. It is hoped, however, that by the time this letter will have reached you his services can be dispensed with, and it is in this view that I make the request that he may be returned to his proper duties, as being the only officer charged with engineer operations on the permanent defenses now in progress in the Gulf of Mexico. The inclosed order will show you the views of the War Department as made known in a former like case. Captain Palfrey will be instructed from here to obey your orders in all cases of emergency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD DELAFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock., Ark., May 25, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding Detach. Second Division, Seventh Army Corps:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you have the 35th mounted men which Colonel Stuart reports that he can furnish cross the river at once, join what mounted men there are of the Second Missouri Cavalry (Merrill's Horse), and march to-night at 1 o'clock for the Cadron Ferry, where there is a force of 50 men stationed. The commanding officer will report at these headquarters this evening at 5 o'clock. The general further directs that you have the Tenth Illinois Cavalry all crossed to the north side of the Arkansas River to-morrow, the commanding officer to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Moyers, commanding. The Tenth Illinois will go into camp in or near the quarters formerly occupied by the Sixty-second Illinois Infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., May 25, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MOYERS,

Commanding Post of Huntersville:

COLONEL: There will be a mounted force started to-night at 1 o'clock for the Cadron. The mounted men of the Second Missouri (Merrill's Horse), of your command, have been ordered as a part of the force. There is a Captain Williams in camp somewhere near

