
Five of the largest of the colored companies man the five batteries and Battery E, Second U. S. Colored Artillery, Fort Curtis. I have just ordered the quartermaster to furnish transportation for the detachment of the Fifty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry. 70 of which are guarding Island Numbers 66 to Little Rock, and ordered one of the companies of the Sixteenth U. S. Infantry to relieve them, thus reducing my force here. General Canby orders all district commanders to keep a reserve to be ready to clear the river should it be blockaded. I again respectfully request that I be furnished with more white troops.

Late orders have deprived me of 200 dismounted cavalry sent me from Memphis, which have been returned; also one company of the Fourth Arkansas Cavalry which was recently organized and mounted here, and now the detachment of the Fifty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry ordered to Little Rock. I have no doubt General Steele will see that my force is too small. The transferring of commissary and quartermaster's stores at this place from large to small steamboats, for his department, requires large daily fatigue parties. I earnestly request more white troops.

I have the honor to be, very your obedient servant,

N. P. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, June 11, 1864.

(Received 4.30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

One regiment of Illinois 100-days' men left Mattoon for Saint Louis last night.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MOUND PRAIRIE CHURCH,La Fayette County, Mo., June 11, 1864.

[Colonel JAMES McFERRAN:]

COLONEL: I took up camp here Monday evening. Find water very scarce. Will have to move a mile or so in some direction on that account. I hope to get your permission by Captain Meredith when he returns. On Tuesday, 10 o'clock, I reached Captain Burris' camp, south of the Hutchens' house; delivered to him a copy of the order placing me in command of the country; had no other relieving him of his command in the western portion of La Fayette County. He, of course, considers it proper to make a tri-monthly report, as yet in command. When I left here I took a part of Company M, Seventh Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, under Lieutenant Berry, and left in camp the remainder, under Lieutenant McElheny, at Mound Prairie.

I took with me Captain Meredith and near 50 men; also Lieutenant Berry, with his 33 men from Burris' camp, and scouted down the Snibar through the border settlement to Livingston, but found no enemy, and ordered the remainder of Captain Meredith's, with camp

