
of dry goods, and 2 horses. General Shelby's headquarters were at Dover at last advices, but one-half of his forces is said to have come into Missouri in small bands, and he contemplates moving his headquarters to Batesville. Marmaduke is reported to be at Oil Trough Bottom, on White River, last week. Jackman's command are all said to be in this State, but the colonel wounded in the affair in Richland with Colonel Philips, and gone to Shelby's headquarters. Cabell's command are reported to be moving north in small bands through the Indian Nation. All the enlisted men of their commands talk of robbing to banks in Kansas and Missouri. Guerrillas are very thick throughout Northers Arkansas. I have a force moving down the North Fork of White River with the view of attacking and capturing Colonel Freeman's command, said to be in camp near the mouth of North Fork. All is quiet in the district.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CASSVILLE, June 11, 1864.

General SANBORN:

Dr. Hart reports as follows: The chief of scouts sent me out to learn the whereabouts of Marmaduke and Shelby. I learned that they crossed the Arkansas River with about 2,000 men each, soon after Steele's repulse; also from pretty reliable sources that Marmaduke is on White Riveer, at Oil Trough Bottom; that Shelby's headquarters on 1st of June were at Dover, Ark., where 600 to 800 of his command were, 1,200 to 1,500 having gone to Missouri in small parties. I dined Sunday, June 5, with Major Pickler, who has with him 100 men. Two Missourians, whom I met yesterday p. m., told me that Pickler, re-enforced by 50 men, was moving in the direction of Newtonia, also Colonel Jackson, with and escort of 18; escort was over day in advance of Major P. Colonel Jackman with a small escort has gone to Shelby's headquarters; thought to have been wounded in the fight on Richland. His command has gone into Missouri.

All the men I have seen from Shelby's command state that he is preparing to go to Batesville and that Marmaduke will operate in rear of General Steele's command. It is believed that Cabell's command, in guerrilla bands, are going up the line to Kansas to plunder the banks. The country is full of guerrillas from the line to Sylamaore. Their object appears to be to plunder the banks of Kansas and Missouri.

HUGH CAMERON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 11, 1864.

Captain W. T. WOODS,

Commanding at Weston, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication touching the state of affairs near Goose Neck Bend, and the result of the expedition under Cap-

