
tain Fitzgerland. We are glad to learn that there was no cause for all this alarm, and that 4,000 navy revolvers were not being used against us. You will ascertain who the two reliable parties were who gave this important information and direct them to report forthwith to these headquarters under arrest. We have been looking for something reliable for several days.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 11, 1864.

Colonel B. K. DAVIS,

Commanding Thirty-sixth Enrolled Mo. Mill., Maysville, Mo.:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of June 8, and to reply as follows: Hold all the arms at present in your hands upon your receipt to Captain Charles V. Mead, ordnance officer at this post. Distribute them where you can put your hands upon them at once should they be wanted in an emergency. Let the search for arms continue, and if possible dig them all up. Turn them over as fast as secured to such companies as you may select, reporting to these headquarters to whom you have issued them.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedience servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 11, 1864.

C. H. MALONE, Esq.,

La Plata, Macon County, Mo.,:

DEAR SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your note of June 3, and to say in reply that irregular organizations of the kind mentioned are not permitted. If it is necessary he will call out a few good, loyal militia, but dislikes to put men on duty unless an actual necessity for their service exists. Macon is so near by that in case of need help can be obtained at any time without delay. The general desires that you will give him the name of the man who hurrahed for Jeff. Davis, and is surprised that two such flagrant outrages upon loyalty as therein described should be named to him without transmitting names and where the parties may be found.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

HUNTSVILLE, RANDOLPH COUNTY, June 11, 1864.

General FISK:

SIR: On my return from Washington two days ago, several citizens of Chariton County, adjoining this, informed me that a company of soldiers under a Captain Truman have been in that county

