
a week. That his men have killed a number of citizens who were not taken with arms, and taken much valuable property, among others a number of very fine horses and several valuable stallions. Their conduct has induced many men to fly the country, and others to secrete themselves. This course will drive men to the brush in self defense, as Pennick did in Jackson county. These soldiers have done more mischief in one week, if accounts are true, than the rebels have done in that county since the war broke out. I would earnestly appeal to you as an officer and a Christian to stop these proceedings, land require that no man should be executed without a trial, unless captured in the act of marauding or bushwhacking.

I am informed that none of the men executed were bushwhackers, and that some were old men. It is the impression of many, and I hope for the character of our cause that it is so, that this company in Chariton are Red Legs from Kansas, pretending to be Federal soldiers. I feel satisfied that I can, if the soldiers are withdrawn, keep Chariton, Randolph, and Howard Counties quiet through voluntary associations of citizens who have an interest at stake in the community. At least I would be willing to try it for the sake of this section of the country, although it would be very inconvenient for me to do so.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. HALL.

I have addressed a letter similar to this to General Rosecrans and Colonel Williams, hoping through some of these channels to relieve our country from this cruel scourge.

JUNE 11, 1864.

General FISK:

I write you these few lines to inform you that in my opinion so much excitement is unnecessary. There may be some bushwhackers in the country for all I know; I will say some half a dozen, but I think there is not one at the present time. My opinion is that they have gone to Kansas, and Jackson and Johnson Counties, and will make a raid here, or wherever they think they can, all summer unless captured. General, peace is what you want, I think, law and order; that is what I want, and I know that the people generally want peace and nothing else. I am of the opinion that you don't know the people of this country as well as you ought to. There are two classes of people that want their party in power; the leaders are office-seekers, and the third class are men who want an excitement, all the time, for an excuse to steal, and murder, and burn, and every-thing else before law and order. They have already done so much stealing, and burning of houses, and murdering of innocent men twelve or eighteen months back that they are afraid of any party in power but their own party, and will do the same things again when an opportunity presents itself.

I will say to you that there is a company of militia, Company A, commanded by one Captain Fish. I will say with all candor they are the worst set of men I have ever seen in all my life altogether. His company was not made up or raised in one township or neighborhood, as generally is the case, but was from above Saint Joseph to the Platte County line, and some from Kansas, and the most of them

