
on the Lower Arkansas; hence the raid of Shelby. As soon as I learned that he had taken Dardanelle and crossed the river, I dispatched a force down the north side of the Arkansas for the purpose of meeting him. On the force reaching Clarksville, Shelby, who was in the vicinity of Dover, moved hurriedly in the direction of Batesville. My cavalry, being so much inferior to his and he having so much the start, could not overtake him.

The two main forts are on the Texas road, and one on the Van Buren road, and a large lunette mounting three guns in front of the convent, and one lunette with one gun to the left of that, are now about finished, and are strong, excellent works, with the various appurtenances complete, quarters, magazine, water, &amp;c. A line of rifle-pits extends from the Arkansas to the Poteau, with an extensive abatis in front. I can hold the place against the whole of Kirby Smith's army, if I have plenty of supplies. Cany you not put on the route from Fort Scott to Gibson a lot of ox-team trains? I most urgently request you to do it. Making Fort Scott a large depot of supplies will certainly be a benefit to Kansas. I will furnish the escorts for the trains.

All is now quiet along the river above and below here.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA,Omaha City, June 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM O. COLLINS,

11th Ohio Cavalry, Commanding Fort Laramie, Idaho Ter.:

General Mitchell directs me to say in reply to your communication of the 25th ultimo, just received, that for the present only the posts now occupied will be maintained. He directs, however, that such arrangements and disposition of your troops be made that the old battalion may be held in readiness to go on an expedition whenever ordered. It is probable that such expedition will be soon ordered in connection with one from the more eastern posts. In regard to the treatment of persons guilty of disloyal sentiments, he directs that such parties be arrested and held in confinement for trial by military commission.

I am, colonel, your very obedient servant,

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,In Field, near Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., June 11, 1864.

Major C. S CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I arrived here this morning after four days' hard staging. I find that the troops are well stationed. Besides any reasonable amount of escort duty, they are scouting the country far and near. There are no Indians at or near the road between here and Larned. A detachment has been over on

