
Cimarron to where the Mexican train was captured, and can find no signs of any one in all that country. Have now sent a large command over on the Red River to look after them. From all I can find out, it was a party who knew all about the specie the man owning the train had, and had followed near if from Chihuahua. General Carleton, commanding Department of New Mexico, has also sent troops from Fort Union after the band. This may have been the advance of a large force from Texas, but I think not. I can soon tell definitely as to the facts in the case.

The Kiowas and Cheyennes are determined on war, and will have to be soundly thrashed before they will be quiet. The Comanches and Apaches seem determined to be at peace; still the warlike tribes are pressing them hard to join them in fighting the whites, and it is hard to tell what they will do. They say no fight. As I stated a few days [since] in a dispatch, the waters are and have been so unprecedentendly high that troops will not be here as soon as I reported they would be. Captain Parmeter, at Larned, got a scare. Ordered [to be] kept all the troops of Lieutenant Eayre's command at Larned, and Major Wynkoop, commanding this post, got a scare on, and kept the two sections of the First Battery just below this post. They will march again to-morrow I regret this delay in sending balance of battery to Larned, but knew nothing of it until my arrival here. No troops will hereafter be detained here who are ordered away.

I find on my arrival here that the detachment that Captain Parmetar kept at Larned that was designed to be returned here have arrived, but he had kept the howitzers. I consider this leaves us entirely unsafe either against Texans or Indians. The major-general commanding told me they would be returned for me to use with my cavalry, and I suppose it is still his design to have it so. I so stated to the commanding officer at Larned, but he has acted differently. Hope the major-general will let him know what his wishes are in the matter. If the Indians can be taken care of on the Platte by General Mitchell, I can keep the route between Larned and Lyon clerar of Indians and rebels, and, if you so direct, can make campaign into Texas, or after Indians on Smoky Hill and Republican. Will report twice a week, and oftener if anything important occurs. Will select officer to act on staff as engineer, and will make report on subject of location of posts. The suggestion made some time ago by the major-general that Hickory Rodgers' place was best place to operate from was founded, as I took it, from the impression that it was below this post on the Arkansas River. On the contrary, it is 90 miles above this post on this river. Have two companies now 70 miles below this post, and will send more to-morrow or next day.

I am, major, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Denver, Colo. Ter., June 11, 1864-12 p. m.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGSTON,

Commanding District of Colorado Territory:

DEAR SIR: I inclose the statement of 2 men who have just arrived from Coal Creek and Box Elder, in relation to Indian depredations.

