
As the camp of Indians is doubtless near, I request that you send a detachment of soldiers after [them] to recover the stock and chastise the Indians. As the Indians are probably a war party in considerable force, I suggest that the detachment be as strong as you can make it.

JUNE 12, 1864.

P. S.-Since writing the above there has arrived a messenger from Mr. Van Wormer's ranch, 10 miles south of the cut-off road, on Box Elder. He says that yesterday afternoon the Indians drove off his stock, burned Mr. Van W.'s house, and murdered a man who was in Mr. Van W.'s employ, his wife, and two childered, and burned his house also. I hope the troops leaving for Lyon may be allowed to capture this party or kill them, as they are so near, and not be hurried away from such an unprotected settlement while it is being murdered and destroyed. I hope a detachment from Camp Sanborn may also be sent in pursuit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN EVANS.

[Inclosure.]

DENVER, June 11, 1864-10 p. m.

His Excellency JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory:

SIR: We have to inform you that a party of Indians ran off our stock this afternoon on Coal Creek, and a short distance beyond, about 10 miles from this place, being 49 head of mules and 1 horse. They were pursued some 10 or 12 miles to a point on Box Elder Creek, nearly east of the first-named point, by two young men, who, perceiving a large hear of ponies, which they estimated at 150, indicating an Indian camp, they returned for fear of being themselves captured or killed. We give this information, requesting that our stock may be recovered by a military force, if possible.

We are, respectfully, your obedient servants,

J. S. BROWN,

THOS. J. DARRAH.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., June 11, 1864.

Captain JOSEPH C. DAVIDSON,

First Cavalry of Colorado:

CAPTAIN: Information has been received at these headquarters that Indians have commenced depredations on Coal Creek at about 5 p. m. this day, by running off 49 head of mules belonging to Brown an Darrah, and others. It has not been definitely ascertained what tribe the Indians belonged to. They were followed some 15 miles in a southeasterly direction, toward the Republican, to their camp, and on the route they shot 1 pony. Their numbers are estimated to be about 50. The parties say they saw 100 ponies.

You will immediately send out a detachment of 50 men, under charge of a commissioned officer, to pursue and punish these thieves, and instruct the officer in command not to encumber himself with any prisoners (Indians). The bearer of this, Mr. Darrah, will guide

