
LITTLE ROCK, June 12, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. THAYER,

Commanding, Fort Smith:

A scouting party of about 300 cavalry will leave Little Rock in a day or two for Polk County, in this State. As soon as possible after the receipt of this order you will send a co-operating force of as many cavalry as you can spare, or such force as you deem necessary, to form a junction with the command from Little Rock. The object of the expedition is to ascertain what the intentions of the enemy are in that part of the country and to bring away the suffering Union refugees now in that section of country. As far as possible they will be sent to Little Rock, but if necessary some will be sent to Fort Smith.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, RANDOLPH COUNTY,

June 12, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

SIR: A number of men, between 30 and 40, under an officer whose name is said to be Truman, have been in the country adjoining this (Chariton) about a week. During that time they have killed a number of citizens, certainly as many as 5, and reported to be as many as 12; they have collected quite a number of negroes and a large number of the best horses of the county, some of them valuable stallions. They claim, and exercise, the authority of putting men to death and taking property at their discretion.

This state of things, with all the exaggerations growing out of it, has excited a reign of terror throughout that county and is extending to the adjoining counties. Men are leaving their homes; some flying from the country, some secreting themselves. I fear much that men driven to desperation will join the bushwhackers in self defense. This was the consequence of a similar of things in Jackson County.,

No one seems to know where these men are from or who they are. They claim to be soldiers acting under authority. My suspicions have been excited that they may be what are called Red Legs, from Kansas, an extensive robber band. All the evils inflicted upon Chariton County during this war by rebels has not been as great as these men have done in one week.

I would most earnestly ask your prompt interposition in this matter. If in any way I could be invested with the authority, and the soldiers could be removed, ill as it will suit me, I would be willing to pledge myself by the voluntary aid of citizens to put down bushwhacking in this and Howard and Chariton Counties more effectually than it has been done heretofore.

I have written this, prompted not only by my own feelings, but at the earned solicitation of citizens of Chariton and this county.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. HALL.

