
I will move at same time by land on east side of White River, with 800 men, mounted, armed, and furnished with three days' rations, and will be at the landing opposite Devall's Bluff in the afternoon of the 28th instant, when I hope to have facilities for crossing.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.

PILOT KNOB, May 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

SIR: Please inform me which will be most agreeable to your wishes, to send two companies numbering 70 each, or for me to divide one large company of 80, placing 40 men at Hermann and 40 at Franklin; or would you prefer me sending two small companies as above mentioned?

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel.

CAMP DETACHMENT SEVENTH KANSAS CAVALRY,

Sullivan Station, Mo., May 25, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Saint Louis District:

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 106, dated headquarters Saint Louis District, Saint Louis, May 24, 1864, I proceeded with my detachment of the Seventh Kansas Cavalry to Bourbon, a station on the Southwest Branch of the Pacific Railroad. On arriving there I found that it would be imprudent to stay there on account of the scarcity of water; water for cooking purposes being 1 1/2 miles from the station, and stock water 3 miles. On learning this I moved back to Sullivan Station, where I am now encamped. In my opinion this is a much better place for operations than Bourbon. From the best information I can get, there are some guerrillas in the country. Seven were seen at Biddle's store, a distance of 10 miles north of this point, on Monday night. They plundered Biddle's store and then started south. The squad spoken of in Colonel Krumsick's letter are said to have gone to Howard County.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. MOORHOUSE,

Captain, Seventh Kansas Vet. Cav., Commanding Detach.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the general commanding the department.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, May 27, 1864.

Respectfully returned, to know what orders were given to the detachment, upon receipt of the within communication, by General Ewing.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

8 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT IV

