
at another part of the Territory and district, and the aide which the district commander is most anxious to afford by the presence of his troops upon this scene of trouble must necessarily be temporary, as the orders of the department command, of which you have received notice, rendered no other alternative possible.

In view of this state of affairs, it is most respectfully suggested that the militia of this Territory might be of considerable service in this emergency by garrisoning certain points that are likely to be threatened, thus relieving from such duty what mounted troops there are now on the Platt, who could be used in the pursuit and punishment of the Indians, and to perform absence of the district commander, I have taken the liberty to make this suggestion, believing that by such measures promptly taken our out-settlements may be protected and the Indians pursued and brought to punishment.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. MAYNARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., June 12, 1864.

Captain J. C. DAVIDSON,

First Cavalry of Colorado:

CAPTAIN: I have this day received a letter from His Excellency Governor John Evans in relation to the Indian depredations which were commenced yesterday, and which, after mentioning the facts contained in inclosed letters of J. S. Brown, contains following postscript:

Since writing the above there has arrived a messenger from Mr. Van Wormer's ranch, 10 miles south of the cut-off road, on Box Elder. He says that yesterday afternoon the Indians drove off his stock, burned Mr. Van Wormer's house, and murdered a man who was in Mr. Van Wormer's employ, his wife, and two children, and burned his house also.

You will take from the command still remaining to you as strong a detachment as can be spared and leave your camp secure, and proceed out after these Indians. Lieutenant Dunn's command has been seen at about 8 this a. m. near Box Eldere, and about 8 miles from the Indian camp, and headed directly for it. From the information received it is presumed that the Indians are in force, and it will be as well to proceed so as to be in supporting distance of Lieutenant Dunn. In this matter you will use your own discretion, as, being upon the ground, your sources of information will be much better. Be not misled by the flying rumors, and do not keep your command out longer than there is prospect or success nor encumber your command with prisoner Indians.

J. M. CHIVINGTON.

CAMP DUNN, COLO. TER., June 12, 1864.

Lieutenant J. S. MAYNARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Pursuant to instructions received from dispatch headquarters last night, I have sent Lieutenant Dunn with 50 men of Company C, but as your order is for the detachment to join the command within

