HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., June 13, 1864. (Received 7.10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Washington, D. C.:

It is impossible that the President can be advised in the case of Hunt, or he would never have given such and order. Please say to him that the ends of justice and the public interests would be gravely periled by its execution. I therefore request that it be suspended until he hears a report on the subject from his private secretary, who is now here.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., June 13, 1864. (Received 7 p. m.)

The PRESIDENT, Washington, D. C.:

Charles L. Hunt was arrested for treasonable practices, one of the cases referred to in my late dispatches. They do not, in my judgement, admit of bail or enlargement. When you are best for action is such cases, your department commander ought to be heard before an order can justly be given in the premises.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 13, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

This morning bushwhackers or vagabonds, about 20 in number, attacked and took three wood teams 3 miles east of Leavenworth. I have directed General Davies to send over a small force under Major Hunt, a judicious officer, to try to recover the property and take the villains, who were in their shirt sleeves and citizen clothes, armed with revolvers. Hope I don't intruded.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, June 13, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Pov. March General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your instructions, I started from this city on a tour through the counties of Audrain, Boone, and Howard, on the 22nd of May. I went from here by the North Missouri Railroad to Sturgeon, and from Sturgeon over to Rocheport, Boone County. From there I went to Fulton, Callaway County, and remained there several days. I then went to Fayette, Howard County; from there back to Rocheport, and returned to Saint Louis by boat. On last Thursday night I met with a portion of Perkins' company, who were just in from Price's army. There were 65 in all, but I met with only 4, a portion of them; they were in Howard County after horses.

Perkins and the balance of them, 61, were in the Perche Hills, Boone County. They crossed the Missouri River last Tuesday night, just below Glasgow. One of them crossed at the ferry at Glasgow

