
[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., May 28, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

I gave Captain Moorhouse instructions to keep the country clear of guerrillas, as far as he could, in the western part of my district, and to follow any bands he might find or hear of, without feeling himself restricted by district lines. I see nothing in the within letter calling for further instructions, and I have given none. It will perhaps be recollected that the information of the presence of guerrillas in the southwest part of Franklin County was in a letter of Colonel Krumsick to the adjutant-general of the State of Missouri, dated 18th May, which letter reached my office at noon of the 24th. Captain Moorhouse left here in the evening of the 24th, which was fully six days after Colonel Krumsick reported the presence of the guerrillas. I presume they were beyond his reach when he got there or he would have followed them out of the district.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., May 25, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD,

Commanding, Kansas City, Mo.:

The commanding general directs that the garrison at Snibar and this place be increased by one squadron to each. Will be at Kansas City by noon to-morrow.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTH SUBT-DISTRICT,

Kansas City, Mo., May 25, 1864.

I. The colonel commanding orders that the following directions for a complete scout of Little Blue, Big Blue, and Snibar Hills be made on the evening of May 27, 1864. The commanding officers of the several detachments and stations, to whom this circular will be sent, will be required to strictly observe and faithfully carry out its instructions.

II. Punctually at sunset, from the stations of Westport, Hickman Mills, Independence, and Snibar, 15 dismounted men, under the command of a commissioned officer or an intelligent, trusty non-commissioned officer, who knows the district signals, will start out on an night scout with five days' rations. At the same time, from Pleasant Hill 15 dismounted men and 15 mounted men, similarly provided, will also start out at sunset, and from Kansas City Sergeant Coy and his detachment of picked men will also go out on the same duty. They will caution their men to use all precautions against the accidental discharge of guns and pistols; they will minutely and critically inspect arms and ammunition before setting out and see that everything is in a condition for immediate and effective service. A bade of red cloth, flannel, or calico will be worn on their hats. After next Monday a white badge will be worn in the place of the red one.

