
WARRENSBURG, June 13, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD, Pleasant Hill:

Concentrate your force in front of Independence and Westport so as to meet any raid upon Kansas. Do not move so far east that you cannot meet such a move of the enemy.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

PLEASANT HILL, June 13, 1864.

(Received 12.30 a. m., 14th.)

General E. B. BROWN, Warrensburg:

I have ordered all troops from Kansas City, Independence, and Westport to concentrate at Hickman Mills. My troops are in the saddle and ready to move. Shall I move up there? Shall I order two companies from Harrisonville to come up? It is south of Independence, and, I think, one of the best places. Have I done right?

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 13, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Commanding Third Sub-District, Warrensburg:

COLONEL: Colonel Ford telegraphed me from Pleasant Hill that the enemy, 500 strong, have concentrated near the Sni Hills. I have advised him of the position of Neill. Wyckoff, and Burries, and directed him to co-operate and, if necessary, unite with them. I have also directed messengers to be sent to Captain Wickoff with the same information and instructions. You will please ordered 100 good men to move to Holden to-night, but not to go further unless it is found necessary to support Wyckoff.

I am, truly, your most obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp near Warrensburg, June 13, 1864.

[General E. B. BROWN:]

GENERAL: I am called on for 100 men to go to Holden to-night. I desire to inform you of the condition of my command. I have about 400 men available, and these are the companies, in the main, just in from the southwest march. The sending of 100 men out tonight would greatly deplete the available force in camp, and in the event of an emergency to-morrow, you would be greatly put to extremity to muster a force. It is 20 miles to Holden, and would occupy the night in getting there. If, however, you say they must go, I will send them.

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, $c.

P. S.-The details yesterday and to-day are heavy, and thicken. Thirty men, are called for by Captain Little as an escort in the morning. Hadn't better inspect the district after we fight the rebels?

J. F. P.,

Colonel, &amp;c.

