
Pugh were called into active service under General Orders, Numbers 6, from State headquarters, to enforce the payment of communication tax, &amp;c.

By order of General Vaughan, commanding Fifth Military District, Enrolled Missouri Militia:

M. CHAPMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., June 13, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

A citizen from Benton County, Ark., reports that three companies of Cabell's command arrived there on Thursday last, and that Colonel Stand Watie would be at Maysville this week. This information is believed to be reliable. Cedar County is overrun by rebels. I shall send some force there from here.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. BATTALION EIGHTH M. S. M. CAVALRY,Neosho, Mo., June 13, 1864.

General JOHN B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri, Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: I deem it my duty to inform you that quite a number of rebels are passing north for the last month. They have been passing on either side of this post, in squads of from 20 to 100, every few days. The country south of here is so sparsely inhabited, and the inhabitants about all rebels, that I can gain no information about them only from scouts. They are frequently past this post before I know anything about them. On the 10th instant Lieutenant Hunter, Company H, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, in command of 35 men, came on a squad of 140 rebels, 12 miles of here. They were on the prairie when he first saw them. He advanced toward them until they fell back into the brush. He maneuvered around them until he found they were not going to give him fight unless he charged on them in the brush. He then returned and reported the fact to me, and I immediately sent out all the effective force I had, under Captain Kelso, who followed them 10 miles north of Carthage, though without any prospect of overtaking them. I am compelled to keep all the men who have serviceable horses scouting all the time.

Your obedient servant,

H. D. MOORE,

Captain Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding Post.

MONT VERNON, MO., June 13, 1864.

Lieutenant W. D. HUBBARD,

A. A. A. G., Dist. Southwest Missouri, Mo.:

I have some information from below. There were 80 passed up north, below Carthage, on Friday night. Captain Kelso pursued them that far, but was too far behind to follow them farther. I get this information from Major Morgan. I arrested 2 ladies in this

