
BROOKFIELD, MO., June 13, 1864.

General FISK:

I was ordered to this place by Colonel Draper to take charge of all the property that H. T. had collected in going through the country. I find on arrival that he has turned over the horses at this place by your orders. Must I take charge of the men he has under his command, and what disposition must be made of the negroes?

E. K. SMITH,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 13, 1864.

Captain E. K. SMITH,

Brookfield, Mo.:

Move to Macon without delay, with your command and all the men of your regiment who have been with Captain Truman. Leave all the plunder at Brookfield with Captain Crandall. I will arrange for its dispostion when H. T. comes up with his report.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

BROOKFIELD, MO., June 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Can you not have the horses belonging to H. T.'s command turned [over] to us? With them we can mount all our men and be efficient. He has turned over a few horses and has some fine ones left. Know of no place the service would be more benefitted than here. Cannot mount our men without pressing more and having much trouble and excitement. These are all pressed and the trouble and excitement caused by that over. A squad from Macon have come for them. Please send your order to that effect.

A. W. BILLINGS,

Lieutenant.
HEADQUARTERS,Platte City, Mo., June 13, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

GENERAL: I have just learned of another raid on a small scale in another part of our county near Farley. Some parties from Leavenworth, so it is reported, are in the bottom killing and stealing. I have ordered men into the field in pursuit. General, if possible, come down here at once yourself. You can do more to stop this thing than any one else.

Yours, in haste,

J. M. CLARK,

Major Commanding, &amp;c.

2 P. M.

P. S.-My great fear is that Kansas is about to enter into the quarrels here. Come and see into things here yourself.

Yours,

J. M. C.

