HEADQUARTERS,Platte City, Mo., June 13, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have just reached here from Parkville. Find all quiet there, except some hard feeling engendered by that unfortunate spirit of jealousy and distrust that seems to actuate too many of the good men of our county. With regard to that, however, I think a few days will bring about a better state of feelings. Captain Wilson declares a willingness to second my efforts in bringing about a better understanding among the loyal men, and I think we shall succeed. General, I was greatly shocked to receive your telegram via Fort Leavenworth. Why, in the name of all that is great or good, do not the citizens of our county report to me these things, so that I might take some steps toward punishing these thieving desperadoes?

What can I do, when I am left in utter ignorance of these things until such time as I receive them officially from your headquarters or, unofficially and with a thousand exaggerations, through the common reports of the country? My dear general, if this is the way my fellow-citizens are going to act, if the people whose interest I am here by your order to protect and guard (which duty I am willing to discharge to the best of my ability, with all honesty of purpose) will not aid, but do all in their power to defeat my efforts in that direction, I must ask that you relieve me and call some one to the work that can harmonize these unhappy elements and save our county from devastation and rain. I say save us from ruin, for there is nothing can save us as people if some measures are not adopted, and that speedily, to check or silence that miserable spirit of party and struggle for political power among us that is the primary cause of much if not all our trouble. I have heard nothing outside of your dispatch about the Ridgeley affair, except that there were some 18 bushwhackers attacked Captain Poe at that place on Saturday last. Two bushwhackers and 1 soldier killed, and 1 soldier and 2 citizens wounded.

Now, general, when the facts are ascertained, if they ever are, you will find, I venture to say, that it is another Arnoldsville affair; that is, that private feuds, personal vengeance, had much to do with this affair. All this makes the murderous villains no less culpable, nor myself any the less willing or anxious to punish them as they deserve, if I had a chance to do so, but what can I do toward punishing these rascals when I have no knowledge of the affair until they have been up and gone more than thirty-six hours? I will, however, do something, if it be only to show a willing spirit. And now, general, I have a suggestion to make, and it is this: That you authorize me to call out for two weeks 50 men, 10 rom Company H, 15 from Company M, 10 from Company G, and 15 from Company L (I can get that many that are reliable). Let me take the field, or rather the brush, and try my hand at their own game, leaving the towns to take care (principally) of themselves, as they can very well do if they are disposed to. I hope, general, you will see no occasion to overwhelm us yet awhile with foreign troops. We can have things right if we are only made to understand that we must protect ourselves and cannot have others to fight battles of our own making.

I send forward a letter from Captain Osborn. Please order a court-martial for the 17th instant to assemble here, and order on it

