
the officers named when I saw you last. Captain Johnston, who received and forwarded your dispatch to me at Parkvile, failed to understand that he should send a telegram back by the messenger to be transmitted to you. As to the condition of things here, there is nothing particularly wrong outside of this Ridgeley affair. I was scouting on Saturday all through Goose Neck and the Joler country (about 6 miles from Ridgelery), with about 100 men, and could not see or learn of any bushwhackers. I went to Parkville to see what was up there, thinking that all was in good condition here. The first intimation to the contrary was contained in your dispatch.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CLARK,

Major, Commanding Platte County Militia.

HEADQUARTER DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,

Saint Joseph, Mo., June 13, 1864.

Major JOHN M. CLARKE, Commanding, Platte City, Mo.:

MAJOR: The general commanding desires me to acknowledge the receipt of yours of this day, and to say in reply that quite a severe illness prevents him from coming down as requested by you. Your course in the government of affairs is highly commended by the general, and you are instructed and authorized to call into service the number of men named in your letter and to employ them actively in the settlement of your difficulties. There is a party of soldiers from here in disguise in the neighborhood of Ridgeley, scouting secretly and under orders after the style adoptee by the guerrillas. Be careful and not run in to them. The affair in Ridgeley turns out to have been a fortunate one four our side.

The captain and lieutenant of the whackers were killed, and before dying the rebel lieutenant confessed that he was one of Coon Thornton's recruits. The general says you may call out such troops as you like, so you keep the country quiet, and if the people will not hold the country quiet he will certainly be obliged to call for assistance from General Curtis' Kansas troops, as they are the only ones within reach. You can make the people preserve the peace of Platte County if any man can do it, and if they will not do it take a couple of hundred men and go through the houses of these rebels sympathizers and companions of guerrillas, harborer of rebel recruiting officers, like a dose of croton oil. There is no other course for us. If the general is better he will be down to see you on Wednesday or Thursday; if he is not, I will probably be down the following day. Meanwhile leave no stone upturned, no trick untried, no work undone which can go toward promoting the work of subduing these outrages and punishing the perpetrators.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. CO. D, 82nd Regiment ENROLLED MO. MILITIA,Weston, Mo., June 13, 1864.

[General FISK:]

GENERAL: In the letter I received from you on Saturday last you was disposed to make some sport of me on the two reliable parties

