
III. The scouting done according to the above directions will be divided up as follows: The squad from Hickman Mills will scout from the head of Little Blue down toward the Missouri. The squad from Westport will examine the Big Blue and its branches from Little Santa Fe down toward Westport. The squad from Kansas City will scout along the Big Blue from east of Westport to the Missouri River. The detachment from Independent will scout the middle and lower part of Little Blue to the Missouri River. The detachment from Snibar and Pleasant Hill will scout over the Snibar Hills; the Pleasant Hill detachment beginning near Lone Jack and going northward toward Sibley and the Missouri River, and the squad from Snibar from that post west and north toward the Little Blue and the Missouri River; the commanding officers at Pleasant Hill and Snibar (Major Pritchard and captain Moses), if necessary, arranging between them precisely the part of the Snibar Hills they will mutually examine.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD L. BERTHOUD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., May 25, 1864-9 a.m.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Do not have less than three companies of your regiment at Warrensburg; two west of there. Hold the balance, except the three companies in Henry and Saint Clair Counties, in western part of La Fayette County and Lexington, all in position to concentrate rapidly, if necessary.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 25, 1864.

General SANBORN, Springfield, Mo.:

The general commanding desires me to thank you for your full information in regard to movements of enemy in Southwest Missouri, and Northwest Arkansas, and for your exertions in keeping order. The Seventh Kansas Cavalry, about 700 strong, will be sent to you as soon as it gets arms, and it is hoped it will afford you all the required assistance.

O. D. GREENE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 25, 1864.

Colonel HARRISON,

Commanding, Fayetteville, Ark.,

We have no trains on the road to Fayetteville, south of Cassville. Colonel Phelps has been ordered to station two companies at Cross Hollow. General Sanborn will be at Cassville to-morrow evening, inspecting the troops. Communicate with him.

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

