
I spoke of. General, there seems to be some more reliable men in this part of the county. There were some 30 men run into Farley, a little town below this place. I have a portion of my men there. They were all out on a scout but 4. They were bound to surrender, but made an agreement not to take anything or interrupt anybody. They said they did not want to steal anything or hurt any person, but they wanted to buy some boots and tobacco, which they did, and paid for it. They did not disturb any person in that place.

General, I remain, yours, respectfully,

W. T. WOODS,

Captain Co. D, 82nd Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 13, 1864.

Captain W. T. WOODS,

Weston, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of this date, and in reply to say that no sport was attempted in our reply to your former communication, the subject-matter of which was found entirely false (upon investigation), and reported so by you in a subsequent memorandum on the same document. It is time some of the parties who create and circulate such bugbear stories and ask the troops to chase around the country should be held responsible for the information they so generously impart. From the circumstances attending the case we judged the parties had wilfully given you such information, knowing it to be false, or they knew too little to undertake to state it as a positive fact. We were in earnest, and desired their arrest, that they might understand that no trifling was allowable. Somebody certainly is responsible for the stories.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHILLICOTHE, MO., June 13, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY:

The scout sent our from here yesterday has returned. The robbers, 6 in number, crossed the railroad 4 miles west of Laclede; went in the direction of Chariton County. They robbed 2 citizens of this county of their arms and money. Were all mounted on good horses, one on an iron-grey. All young men, roughly dressed.

A. J. SWAIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

BUCKLIN, MO., June 13, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

DEAR SIR: Please allow me to present to you the proceedings of our league:

At a meeting of the Loyal Union League, held at this place on Saturday, the 11th instant, the following among other proceedings were held, to wit: On motion of Captain L. Sipples, a committee of five were selected to draft suitable resolutions of thanks to the very efficient services rendered loyal men and the cause of the Union in

