
this portion of this country, by the prompt and just method pursued by Captain Truman and Lieutenant J. C. Hartman and their command ferreting out, although perhaps in disguise, and meting out merited punished to many who hitherto have been engaged in guerrilla warfare and covertly giving aid and comfort to the desperadoes who have been a terror to civilization, and who at midnight hours have pillaged and plundered numbers of our best citizens because they were devoted to that Government which has has protected them from their infancy in every right and privilege that a Christian citizen ought to ask or wish to enjoy.

Whereupon, Dr. J. F. Powers, C. J. Fields, Robert H. Crook, George Foltz, and Lacy Sipples were chosen to act as said committee, who, after a short absence from the council, reported that: Whereas, under the prevent wise and just administration of military affairs in the district, the above-named captain and lieutenant, with their command, have rendered this county, as well as the neighboring county of Chariton, the most efficient and excellent services, and, of many others, the rescuing and setting at liberty one of our friends and brothers from the vindictive and inhuman hands of a merciless enemy, and restoring him to liberty and to his beloved family, of disarming rearmed and redisarmed rebels, and of exposing and bringing to strict justice men who have hitherto lived under the guise of Union men, but were proven to be unmistakable enemies, rendering secretly aid and information to those whose mission it was to disturb and destroy the friends of the Government, too much praise cannot be given or awarded to those men whose prompt and vigilant course in dispelling the gloom that overhung the heads of Union men, and dispersing the outlaws whose fiendish acts have proved a plague to all patriots, and placing a quietus among the truly loyal, quite to the dismay and discomfiture of the offenders.

On motion of Mr. Thomas Rotter, the report of the committee was received, and, on motion of Edward Cox, the secretary of the Loyal Union League at Bucklin, Mo., was requested to furnish a copy of the proceedings of the meeting to Major-General Rosecrans, General C. S. Fisk, and editor of the Missouri Democrat.

ROBERT H. CROOK, Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 13, 1864.

Dr. G. K. DONNELLY, Kidder, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 9th instant, and to commend the party at Kidder who so promptly acted upon information of the escape of bushwhackers from this post. The occurrence was one of those that must be unavoidable where there is want of concerted action between existed parties bound on missions of death. The detachment from Kidder should have advised us at these headquarters that they were going out, and all trouble and danger, except from the enemy, could have been guarded against. The general directs me to thank the people of Kidder and yourself for your earnest interest in behalf of the welfare of the country, and to express the hope that mext time you will advise him of any intended military movements.

I am, doctor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

