
FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., June 13, 1864.

Governor JOHN EVANS:

I send orders to Colonel Chivington as requested. You must act on your own authority and discretion in calling out militia. I hope you will do so and allow the Federal troops to come forward soon.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., June 13, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Kansas:

Afternoon of 11th, Indians stole 100 horses and mules from parties on Box elder, Kiowa, and Coal Creeks, about 20 miles from Denver; burned houses on two ranches; murdered ranchman, his wife, two children; ravished woman before killing. I sent orders to Captain Davidson, commanding Company C (detained on Cherry Creek by flood), to send out detachment 50 men in pursuit, with orders to rejoin command en route to lyon within two days; also ordered Lieutenant Chase, with detachment from Fremont's Orchard, in pursuit. Governor Evans has called upon militia, who are unmounted, never drilled, scattered, and consequently inefficient. Settlements so scattered they cannot be guarded.

J. S. MAYNARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., June 13, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of Kansas:

MAJOR: I have the honor to furnish herewith, for the information of the commanding general, copy of letter of Messrs. Brown, Corbin, and Darrah, dated Denver, june 13, 1864, relative to Indian thefts and massacres. I also furnish copy* of letter of His Excellency Governor Evans, of this territory, threatening of the same subject, and requesting aid of the very scanty military force now at hand in this emergency. As will be seen by telegram of Colonel Chivington, commanding district, to Major-General Curtis, dated 8th instant, ten of the twelve companies of cavalry in the district are en route to fort Lyon in obedience to orders of the commanding general. One of the companies remaining is at Fremont's Orchard, the other at Fort Garland. Company C, which has principally participated in the recent scouting and hunting of Indians, were making as rapid marching for Lyon as the state of their stock and of the swollen streams permitted (the high water having swept off all bridges), as will be seen by my telegram of this date to you.

I ordered a party of this command in pursuit of the Indians, limiting their time of absence from their command, as, in view of the major-general's telegram of 10th instant to Colonel Chivington, I

---------------

* See Evans to Chivington, June 11, p. 319.

23 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT IV

---------------

