
side, we found the body. It was horribly mutilated and the scalp torn off. The family are spoken of by their neighbors as having been very worthy and excellent people. Such is a correct statement of the terrible affair, which occurred only a little more than 20 miles from Denver, and we will only add that the settlers in all that region of country are much alarmed, and justly so; and unless the military in force proceed against the Indians at once all the ranches will be deserted, and much suffering probably ensue.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. S. BROWN.

D. C. CORBIN.

THOS. J. DARRAH.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., June 13, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE, Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I had advices from Colonel Thomas of 9th instant. He reached Wood Lake in three days from Ridgely, and the column was progressing finely, but the grass was not as good as it was lower down, there having been less rain. A special messenger has just arrived from Sioux City, bringing the dispatches from General Sully, dated Yankton Agency, 9th instant, stating he would move from Fort Pierce on 20th instant, and concerning further signals of columns of smile as a mode of communication with Colonel Thomas' detachment. i send up the dispatch to-morrow morning to overtake the latter. The Sixth Regiment has all arrived, and I have to-day reviewed it at Fort Snelling. It will move to-morrow if boats can get up to transport them. I have ordered Captains Whitney and Schoenemann and Lieutenant Pingrey to duty with the regiment, on the strength of a telegraphic dispatch from Major Meline, assistant adjutant-general, informing me of their acquittal. The orders in these cases have not yet arrived here, but I presume they are en route.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBKEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., June 13, 1864.

Colonel M. T. THOMAS,

Commanding Expeditionary Forces on their way to the Missouri:

COLONEL: Inclosed you will find a dispatch* forwarded by General Sully, dated 9th instant, from Yankton Agency. He has sent a copy by the friendly Indians refereed to in his communication, but you may fail to meet them. You will be governed by the requirements contained in his letter, and especially to the signals of smoke, which may be very important. In meeting with professedly friendly Indians be always on your guard against treachery, and against any attempts to pry into your camp to ascertain your mode of encampment, forces, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

