HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., June 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Commanding, Fort Ridgely:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of 8th instant has been received. Your disbelief in the story of an Indian having been discovered and killed near South Bend has been shared from the first by the brigadier-general commanding. It is not probable that any Indians have come into the Big Woods, as stated by Lieutenant Howard, though it is possible, and the detachments cannot be too vigilant in patrols. A few men should be stationed at Forest City, Kingston, and Paynesville. A non-commissioned officer and 8 men at the former and 10 men at the latter will be sufficient. Your forces will be so much augment in a few days that you can easily spare these small detachments, which should be posted without delay. There is considerable public property at all of these stations, which must be cared for. Send 3 or 4 scouts up with Lieutenants Andrus and Ledden to overtake expeditionary force and bring back intelligence.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

With much respect, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE PROV. March General, DEPT. OF THE GULF, Numbers 208 Carondelet Street, New Orleans, La., June 14, 1864.

In accordance with the verbal command of Major-General Canby, I have the honor to submit the following report:

There is detailed to each parish or country within the military lines of the State of Louisiana a provost-marshal of the rank of captain or lieutenant.

First. It is the duty of this officer to maintain the peace and good order of his parish.

Second. It is the duty of provost-marshals to adopt and enforce regulations for the conduct and government of taverns, markets, and places of public resort.

Third. To suppress all nuisances affecting the public health, all brothels, and gambling-houses.

Fourth. To grant passes to loyal citizens within the military lines, under such regulations as may from time to time be prescribed by the provost-marshal-general of the department.

Fifth. To arrest and hold in custody all persons attempting to pass the lines or send supplies to the enemy, and to report such arrests immediately to the provost-marshal-general.

Sixth. To the charge of all deserters, prisoners of war, and other persons coming within the lines, and all such persons are to be taken without delay to the headquarters of the nearest division or independent commander, to be examined by him and forwarded, if necessary, to general headquarters. Except as herein provided, no one must be permitted to question or converse with them until they are remanded to the custody of the provost-marshal.

Seventh. To make searches, seizures, and arrests of persons and property on justifiable grounds or on proper military authority; but all seizures and arrest must be reported forthwith to the provost-marshal-general, with the reasons or authority on which such arrests or seizures were made.

