
the battery commanders will report to Brigadier General Richard Arnold, chief of artillery, who will cause the guns, equipments, horses, and other public property to be disposed of in this department in such manner as the interest of the service may require. These dispositions being made, the commanding officers will proceed without delay, with their men, to New York Harbor, that the batteries may be recruited to an efficient standard, reporting immediately upon arrival to the general commanding Department of the East. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

10. Captain Henry W. Closson, First U. S. Artillery, chief of artillery, Nineteenth Army Corps, will not consider himself relieved from duty as such by paragraph 9 of Special Orders, Numbers 156, current series, from these headquarters.

11. In accordance with orders from headquarters Division of West Mississippi, Battery A, First U. S. Artillery, is hereby relieved from duty in this department. The commanding officer will at once report to Brigadier General Richard Arnold, chief of artillery, who will cause the guns, equipments, horses, and other public property to be disposed of in this department in such manner as the interests of the service may require. This disposition being made, the commanding officer will proceed without delay, with his man, to New York Harbor, that the battery may be recruited to an efficient standard, reporting immediately upon arrival to the general commanding Department of the East. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., June 14, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. Emory,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps, Morganza, La.:

GENERAL: The batteries are being arranged here and will be sent up as rapidly as possible. The incomplete batteries now at Morganza will be disposed of by the chief of artillery of the department of the Gulf as fast as they are replaced. The batteries to be attached to your command are the First Delaware, Second Massachusetts, First Vermont, Twenty-first New York, Seventh Massachusetts, Twenty-sixth New York, Fourth Massachusetts, Fifteenth Massachusetts, Seventeenth Ohio, Second Connecticut, and two batteries of the First Indiana Heavy Artillery.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby;

DE WITT CLINTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES, Numbers 56. Morganza, La., June 14, 1864.

Major William H. Sentell, One hundred and sixtieth New York Volunteers, is appointed acting assistant inspector-general of the Nineteenth Army Corps, vice Colonel C. C. Dwight, One hundred and

