HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 25, 1864.

Colonel JOHN D. ALLEN,

Commanding, Mount Vernon, Mo.:

SIR: Your communication of date May 23 is received. The general commanding directs me to inform you that he is fully advised of the force of the enemy in Benton County, Ark., and does not consider that the movement you propose to make into Arkansas, in conjunction with Major Burch, can be of any benefit or advantage to us at this time, and directs that it will not be made. The only force of the enemy in Benton County, Ark., is Brown's command, numbering about 60 men. You will advise Major Burch of these facts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

Make a thorough investigation of the cause of the recent murders in your district, whether they were committed because of loyalty, position in the army, or from personal animosities. Inform Colonel More and other learders of the conservative or rebel sympathizing parties whose characters are involved by reason of their friends being engaged in them, that they must endeavor to prevent their recurrence.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

HANNIBAL, MO., May 25, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your telegram of last evening is received. Colonel Williams will not place Captain Johnston's company on duty until I return; I shall be there to-night. We shall have other regular troops, and enough of them, too, to care well for Platte County and all other counties. I shall go to Weston to-morrow, probably. Telegraph me at Macon or Brookfield.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

CRAB ORCHARD, MO., May 25, 1864.

General FISK:

DEAR SIR: In haste, I will try to inform you of the perils that the loyal people are in. In the west and southwest corner of Ray County, Mo., last Friday night a week, Mr. Sutton had his skiff and seine, and went down the Missouri River. At Camden they were halted. The thieves represented that they were movers from Kansas. They went down the river 4 or 5 miles and met a boat. They took passage up the river on the boat. Where they got off I cannot say, but I believe that skiff is at this time 2 miles below Sibley, on the south side of the Missouri River.

