
sixtieth New York Volunteers, assigned to other duty. Captain Henry C. Inwood, One hundred and sixtieth New York Volunteers, is appointed provost-marshal of the Nineteenth Army corps.

By command of Brigadier-General Emory:

FREDERICK SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES, Numbers 139. Morganza, La., June 14, 1864.

* * * * * * *

5. Captain Closson, chief of artillery, will immediately select two six-gun batteries for each of the four divisions composing this army, and have them completely equipped for the field. The four regular batteries will be relieved and sent North.

By command of Brigadier-General Emory:

FREDERICK SPEED,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,

Thibodeaux, La., June 14, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I send you one of my scouts, O. Martin, who left Franklin four days ago. You will see by his report that by a rapid movement on transports from Brashear we might bag part of the force near Franklin. As these are the troops that are intended to make a fait on that point, such a movement must materially interfere with his plans. If you see fit to order a move, send this man back as guide.

Awaiting your directions, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, June 14, 1864.

Commander S. L. PHELPS,

Devall's Bluff:

I am glad to hear from you, and should be pleased to see you here. Can you not meet me on the prairie, according to our agreement of last fall? It seems Shelby is everywhere - on the other side of White River and at Crockett's Bluff, on this side - with considerable force for the purpose of capturing steamers. I have ordered a scouting party to the latter place, and will send a force to Clarendon as soon as it can be ascertained that he or any part of his force are there. My troops are frequently sent out after rebels who cannot be found or heard of at places where they are reported to be. My cavalry force is in such condition that I am obliged to spare it as much as possible. We are obliged to do heavy scouting south in order to ascertain whether the rebels are moving toward the Arkansas in

