
I thought he would do well enough there. After he had started I received news of Shelby having taken Dardanelle and of his crossing the river. I deemed it advisable then to send an additional force sufficient to meet Shelby if he turned toward Clarksville, and under the circumstances had to send them to Cloud.

It was not my intention to give him anything but his own regiment. As far as I have learned he has managed things well enough there, but I do not like the man. I make this explanation to you, as you may have through that I favored him by giving him a larger command than his regiment. I endeavored to ascertain what course he pursued toward you after leaving Little Rock, but could get hold of nothing tangible. I desire in every instance to carry out your wishes. you can count on me as one of your fast friends, and who will stand by you in every emergency.

I have learned that the Kansas delegation to the Baltimore convention were determined to use their position to induce Mr. Lincoln to give the Indian Territory back to Kansas. Everything is quiet in this region. The river has risen 6 feet since yesterday morning and is still rising. I do hope that every boat at Little Rock will be sent up with supplies.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint louis, Mo., June 14, 1864.

Major-General CANBY,

Commanding Department of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: This will be handed to you by General Davidson, also some dispatches received to-day showing the movements if the guerrillas and the apprehended projects of the forces under Shelby and Marmaduke. Unwilling to give up the protection of the people unless absolutely necessary, the troops have not been concentrated. It seems probable, unless your movements is prompt on the line of the Arkansas, that we shall have a serious raid from the rebels, capturing our small posts, striking our railroads, robbing, plundering, &amp;c., and leaving the State through Kansas.

We have now but three or four regiments, except the Missouri State militia, and shall be obliged to call more militia into the service of the State for local defense.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,June 24, 1864.

If General Rosecrans has not discretionary power to call upon the militia for local defense, it would be give it, to be used when he feels it necessary. This would apparently render unnecessary any change in movements contemplated here.

ALBERT J. MYER,

Colonel, &c.

