
[Inclosure Numbers 1.*]

SPRINGFIELD, MO., June 13, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Moore, commanding at Neosho, reports that a body of from 80 to 100 rebels passed north on Friday last, 13 miles west of Neosho. Major Pickler is of Shelby's command, and claims that 1,200 men of this command have gone north in small bodies, and that they were to concentrate at a certain time and place, and rob, murder, and destroy. A scout of mine took dinner with him on King's River a week ago. It may be considered certain that Major Pickler's command, joined by several bands of bushwhackers, are trying to get north by way of the border counties.

Rebel forces are increasing rapidly in the border counties and will continued increase unless some demonstration is made toward the main rebel army south. My scouts say that General Price is dismounting all his force except what he has sent north, and sending his stock into Texas. I shall have to have more force, or allow the rebels to overrun the border counties except the post, or burn the counties out, which would force the rebels to retire, if some movements are not made on or south of the Arkansas River.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI.

This paper has reference to a force of 1,200 men said by a major of Shelby's command to have gone north in small squads, and to be concentrated at "a certain time and place," &amp;c. This is in any event a regiment of rangers, and even if true, it does not indicate the movement of a great army, which would probably be without so open an announcement in advance.

ALBERT J. MYER,Colonel, &c., U. S. Army.

GLASGOW, June 14, 1864.

B. W. LEWIS

(Care Lewis & Bro., 119 Second street, Saint Louis):

Four Union men killed last night near Keytesville, supposed to be in relation of those killed by the Federal scouts. Great excitement in that county. Show this to General Rosecrans.

J. W. LEWIS.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI.,Warrensburg, Mo., June 14, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the depredations of guerrillas have assumed a character that they demand the serious consideration of the Government. They destroy the telegraph, rob the

---------------

* For inclosure Numbers 2, see Sanborn to Greene, June 13, p. 344.

---------------

