
stages of mail and horses, plunder the resident population, and even the poor laborers that are employed in constructing the railroad, of property an money; they fire upon steam-boats employed exclusively for commercial purposes. They assume the garb of our soldiers or of citizens as suits their convenience; they carry our flags; they murder their prisoners, even when wounded, and daily the citizens of the country are butchered for no cause, and unless the most severe reliatory measures are resorted to the will soon depopulate the country. The Governor has in prison hundreds of their former associates who have been tried and sentenced to death for their crimes. They have forfeited their lives by every law, human and divine, and I respectfully but urgently recommend that the lives of these men be held as hostages for the good conduct of their friends in brush.

The peace of the country, the safety of person and property of its citizens, and the blood of thousands of loyal citizens and brave soldiers who have been basely murdered by these demons demands that this measure of justice be executed on them. There is a sentiment fast growing in the country, and will soon manifest itself, that demands blood for blood, and unless it is appeased by stern justice to those who have been tried and condemned, will cause the death of hundreds of better men. It would be an economy of human life to adopt the course I have recommended, and it is the only one through which the guerrillas can be reached. It is also a just one. They plunder alike the Union man and the former rebel, so that the attempt to hold a portion of the people responsible for the acts of former associate can have no effect in restraining them.

I respectfully submit this letter to the earnest consideration of the commanding general. From an intimate and long acquaintance with this warfare i have no hesitation in saying that if the President will place at the disposal of the commanding general the lives of the condemned violators of the laws of war in Missouri that he can bring peace to this country. It is the only remedy for the existing state of affairs.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 14, 1864.

(Received 6.15 p. m.)

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

The department commander directs me to call your attention to the condition of Union men in Saline County. A petition from citizens in that county represents the country is infested by large bodies of guerrillas since you withdrew the troops, and asserts that the home guards are not sufficient to contend with the outlaws. The general commanding requested you will investigate and try to correct these evils in Saline County by rendering assistance, if possible, to the loyal people there. He also asks that you report the result of your investigation and what steps you take or propose taking to remedy the evils complained of.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

