
whose special duty it will be to protect the workmen and property of the contractors on the line. One-third of this command will be constantly on the alert and patrolling the line. They will take their shelter-tents, with five days' rations in haversacks, and will be relieved at the expiration of that time by a new detail, but they will not leave their position until relieved. You will also establish regular day and night patrols of 5 men each, from your camp west, and meet those from Hobson's and a like patrol east to the terminus of the work of laying the iron. Have the parties sent out this evening with proper written instructions to carefully protect the labors on the work.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, MOUND PRAIRIE CHURCH,La Fayette County, Mo., June 14, 1864.

[Colonel JAMES McFERRAN:]

COLONEL: The detachment of Companies E and C came in this evening, and have gone into camp. You must have given them a little fatherly advice before leaving, as they came in like real soldiers. I am pleased with them so far. I will lay the law down to them (that is, their officers) before I move them. I am determined [to] have more soldierly conduct or a fuss, one. I arrested a man of Company H his this morning for speaking disrespectly of you. I had a great mind to prefer charges against him and send him to Warrensburg, but he apologized so humbly that I lectured him and instructed him as to his duty and prerogatives and released him. He attempted to excuse himself by saying that he should not be held for punishment for merely repeating what he had heard the officers say. I made it the occasion to remind the officers of their sworn duty. This was the occasion for my allusion to an absence of official manliness in our line officers. I am in a better humor now, and I make this explanation that you may appreciate my temper this morning.

Colonel, I look to you confidently for assistance in my attempts to hold the regiment to its well-earned character for discipline. If we can do this I will have an easy task in keeping quiet in my field, for I will then know what to calculate upon; otherwise you appreciate my burden. I very keenly feel my responsibly task, and your kind and complimentary caution is received with profound gratefulness. I trust in God that I may be able to meet the expectations of yourself of my faults and errors as it is your duty to do. I have often been afraid that I was too much disposed to undervalue the strength of our enemy, but I try to come to a rational conclusion from the best light and evidence before me. My mind has not changed in regard to the strength of the enemy. All that is needed to put them to flight is concerted activity and prudence. No small squads should be allowed to scout unless supported by other movements (the brush is our place), and thus force them to the high grounds and open fields.

I have ambuscades between here and Lexington on foot, with the expectation of bushwhacking stray squads that may attempt to escape

