
from the Snibar Hills to the east. I will put out more to-morrow. I feel it my duty to go to Saline and put things to work. The general is a man of fine judgment, and would give more men if he had them. Two companies would be very desirable. I will not stay long. Will travel day and night until I return. This notion is, of course, subject to your better judgment. No word yet from Burris or Meredith. They have 140 men when together. When Meredith returns I will send messengers to report. Escort from Lexington report having had a fight to-day with a party of bushwhackers in Jackson County, near Hambright's. We had 2 horses wounded on our side and dismounted 3 of the rebels. The sergeant with 20 men charged and drove 60 of the rebels, put up the line, and came back to town.

Your friend and servant,

HENRY NEILL,

Major First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., June 14, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Two companies of the Arkansas militia are on duty at Berryville, and have been for more than three months, and have done good service. All of them now are nearly naked and they have no means whatever to cloth themselves. I respectfully request that authority be granted to close those two companies of 50 men each. There is sufficient inferior and condemned clothing here for the purpose.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., June 14, 1864.

Captain BALL,

Company L, Sixth Prov. E. Mo. Mil., near Ozark, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: the general commanding directs that you will relieve the officer and enlisted men of your company now at or in the vicinity of Robinson's Mill, on Finley Creek, with the exception of 1 sergeant and 6 mounted men. Those relieved will report to you for duty, and the sergeant and men remaining will be reached with the protection of the property of the citizens at and near the mill, the preservation of order and quiet, and the dispersion of bands of guerrillas that may come in the vicinity.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GREENFIELD, MO., June 14, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding at Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: Although I am a stranger and a commissioned officer of the lowest rank, I have the presumption to write you a few lines on the condition of things out west. I am just in from Lamar,

