
where my company is stationed at this time, and has been since March last, and has effected nothing in the way of putting down the rebellion, With their present strength they never will effect anything, from the fact that they are just like a stake drove down in the middle of a big road. The rebels can go on either side and we cannot help it, from the fact that we are too weak. If we divide and sent out a scout we are left too weak at the post to effect anything, and the scout is too weak to do anything, for when you divide 40 men you have not many in either squad. the rebels know our strength and condition generally, and when they pass through they go in squads of 80 to 100 men. Then when we run on them they whip us, and we have to skedaddle, which tends to encourage them rather than any other way.

Another thing in this arrangement is, in protecting Lamar we protect 1 grocery keeper, 1 doctor, 1 lawyer, 1 member of the Legislature, and some 3 jayhawkers, about 10 acres in corn, some 4 or 5 little gardens, a few stolen sheep, some milch cows, and some half dozen horses. Now this is what the post at Lamar amounts to, when, if we had more men, we might kill some of those fellows going north; or, if there are no more men to spare, if we were stationed in some neighborhood where people are at work we would encourage them to work, by our presence, even if we were too weak to afford them any real protection, but as it is the post at Greenfield and the one at Lamar are 30 miles apart; then 35 miles to Fort Scott, and no one living between Greenfield and Fort Scott but a very few families, so the rebels have full sway. On the 12th instant about 100 rebels passed this side of Lamar, about 10 miles, going north. They robbed 3 woman of 2 horses, all their provisions, and some clothes. The woman were traveling.

We do not ask to be moved from Lamar particularly. All we ask is to be placed in a condition that we can do something. I presume, if it was necessary, it could be proven that this member of the Legislature is in partnership with the Kansas jayhawkers. I do not set myself up as an adviser or dictator, but I am for doing something, if I can be placed in a condition that I can do something.

I am, yours, with respect,

JOEL T. HEMBREE,

Second Lieutenant Co. E, Seventh Prov. Regiment, E. Mo. Mil.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 14, 1864.

WILLARD P. HALL,

Governor of Missouri:

MY DEAR SIR: I am this day in receipt of judge Porter's communication, addressed to yourself under date of 7th instant, and forwarded to me from the executive mansion, Jefferson City, on the 11th instant. I have carefully perused and noted with interest the different points upon which the judge discourses. I wish others who occupy positions of honor and trust in my district would as freely and frankly write direct to myself. I have a valuable letter from your brother, Honorable William A. Hall, and have telegraphed him asking him to visit me and counsel me touching affairs in his

