
own and adjoining counties. Judge Porter's views touching the provost-marshal's bureau are sound. I have heretofore expressed as much both to yourself and General Rosecrans, and I shall press a change of work in that department with earnestness and hope of accomplishing it. My district is subdivided into nine provost-marshal districts, and there is hardly one good provost-marshal in all these sub-districts.

If we must have such an extended system of provost-marshals we ought to have the very best of officers for that duty; prudent, moderate, firm men, or the irritation they cause will more than balance any good by them accomplished. I am sadly disappointed in Colonel Bassett. He has been drunk every day since his return from Saint Louis with the commission and a appointment you so kindly gave him. I hardly know what to do with him, but think I shall "dig about him and dung him" and try him again before I cut him down. I am sure he will do well and prudently when he is sober. We have has music in Arnoldsville since you were here. Thornton is probably in Platte County or Clay, and I hope to get him. The militia on duty are doing very well, but I wish we had good volunteer troops (a few) in their place. The feeling between the two sorts run so strong that I would be glad to relieve them all. In the northwest all is quiet yet.

We have not a single soldier in Atchinson, Holt, Nodaway, Andrew, Gentry, northern De Kalb, Harrison, Merceer, Daviess, or Grundy Counties. Of the newly organized militia I have called out two companies in this county to enable me to use the men of the Ninth Cavalry in Platte and Clay. In Chariton and Randolph there is just now considerable trouble, caused, I fear, by the conduct of a detective scout sent into that section by the provost-marshal-general on secret service. Colonel Sanderson could not have authorized him to take the course he has, I think. I have to-day received authority from General Rosecrans to stop him, and have promptly done it. The veterans of the Sixth Missouri State Militia have caused some trouble in Clinton and Caldwell. Bad men instigate them to deeds od violence and shameful lawlessness, and then some injured shoots the veterans openly or from the brush. I am using as little of the militia as possible; about 600 in the entire district.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 14, 1864.

Honorable S. PORTER,

Hannibal, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I have this day received from His Excellency Governor Hall a communication inclosing your letter to himself, under date of the 7th instant, together with the letter of your sheriff at Columbia, relating to certain prisoners, with your indorsement thereon. I have carefully pursued your letter detailing to the Governor the condition of affairs in your circuit, and note with much interest your views touching the military policy of this department. I would

24 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT IV

