
Now, my reason for thinking that skiff is there is this: On last Sunday night they made a raid on the Union citizens 8 miles south of this place. I was notified just at daylight Monday morning. I raised 15 men of the loyal class and started for that vicinity, where the robbery was committed.

I struck the river about 10 miles above in the cottonwood timber, and made a drive for the mouth of Fishing River, where it empties into the Missouri River. Just 1 mile above the mouth I found where the thieves had swum the Missouri River. The bushwhackers had stolen 6 horses, but on their way off with these spoils some of their Southern friends notified them that they had 2 horses that belonged to men who had served in Price's army. Those horses were let go, but they kept the order 4 until they aimed to swim the river. My young stallion, when they pushed him off the bluff bank into the river, ran out and tore loose from the party and made his escape. Now, permit me to state to you the true facts in the premises, after a sharp ride of 32 miles on Monday. Every place where those rebels or sympathizers lived, they were all at work, never even raising their heads until I would call to them, asking them whether they had heard of the jayhawking the night before.

Invariably their answer was no, with as much astonishment as if they lived in Saint Paul, Minn. There was not one who would turn out to aid the Union people in recovering their losses. Jacksonites who lived within 300 yards of one Union man, who was robbed the night before, when my little party got there at 2 o'clock the next day and asked him concerning the robbery, he made very strange of the facts. Now [I am] very sorry to say, but [it is] too true to be disputed, the rebels have in this country double protection. They are protected in the daytime by the Federal arm, and protected at night by the jayhawkers. Just look; the Union [men are] here without either. The loyal men are here without arms or ammunition. General, can it be done or not-remove the commander at Richmond, Ray County, Mo.? It is the wish of the Union men that Colonel A. J. Barr be empowered to select the company who shall bear arms in defense of our county.

The Union men of this county look to me for immediate relief before they would go to Richmond for help. If we had arms and ammunition, I could take the citizens of this vicinity and beat the militia at Richmond to death. Here is another thing I wish to call your attention to. I stopped a peddler on Monday last. I found he had an order from the provost-marshal at Kansas City for 5 pounds of powder and 10,000 caps. I asked him whom this was for. He told me it was for James Hull, one of Price's soldiers, John Frakes, and Thomas Dillen, both aides to Price in 1861; and many other things I could tell you if I had the time, but as the mail is waiting I must close. Please let me hear from you at the earliest period.

General, I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

ABRAHAM ALLEN.

SAVANNAH, MO., May 25, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: It is with no ordinary feelings that I now address you. Ominous indeed are the tokens in Andrew. The murdering of our brothers in Buchanan and Platte, the presence in our county of a

