
be very glad if many others who hold responsible positions of honor and trust in my district would as freely and frankly write directly to myself. I have no other all i can as a citizen and soldier to save Missouri in the Union restored. I am in no degree responsible for the present provost-marshal system, and would be glad to see it modified or abolished altogether, and have so recommended to my superior officers.

The great difficulty is in getting good officers for such duty as is required in the provost-marshal's department, and I have diligently labored to obtain good officers in my district, but as they are not appointed by myself I cannot in every instance secure such officers as I would like. The provost-marshal-general makes the detail. I have conversed with Governor Hall freely on this point, and he fully understands my views. I wish your statement in relation to the conduct of Ledergerber were given to me on a separate sheet that I might forward them to department headquarters. He should certainly be punished for the manner in which he has discharged the duties of his office. Of your indictment of the radicals I have nothing to say. I know no party in the discharge of my duties as a soldier. I wish there were less of crimination and recrimination among our people. There are bad men in all parties who seek advancement and position by any means, fair or foul.

I have no sympathy with the spirit that prevails so extensively in our unhappy State tat would drive out and exterminate every man who taken the oath and given bond, as in your letter indicated, should be treated as a good citizen until he commits a wrong; for the wrong, punish him. There are thousand who in the beginning of the war rushed heedlessly into the sweeping tide, who to-day are as true and loyal to the Government as you and I. Let all such be treated kindly and with confidence. I care not so much what a man has been. the question is what he will be in the future. For God's sake let us save the country and then, if we must, let us quarrel over ordinary politics. I should be glad at any time to learn from yourself of the interference by my subordinates with the civil authorities in the enforcement of civil law. General Rosecrans' Orders, Numbers 34, compels me as a district commander in certain cases to suspend and prohibit prosecutions. I prefer to aid rather than obstruct the civil law, and will use all the means in my power to aid the civil courts except as above ordered to do otherwise.

I will thoroughly investigate the complaint as to the escape of prisoners at Mexico and punish the guilty parties. It looks like bribery, certainly. Lieutenant Campbell will be called to an account speedily. To our suggestion to the Governor that the Missouri Ninth be sent to the front where there is fighting, and Fisk along with them, I can truly respond amen, so far as it relates to myself, but I can hardly indorse the proposition to send out the soldiers. We must have force in North Missouri while the war lasts. That the district can be better commanded than by myself I am as well convinced as you are, and I should obey an order relieving me from this district with much cheerfulness, I assure you.

I came to the command with great reluctance, knowing the unhappy divisions that existed among the people, and fearing that with the opening of a bitter political campaign that dissensions would grow worse. My aim has been to unite rather than estrange the people.

