
I have labored to cause a renewal of old friendships which in these unhappy days have been broken; to put down disorder and restore peace and tranquillity. I have been quite successful in some portions of the district; in others have not been able to calm the troubled waters. If the people "would study to be quiet and mind their own business" it would be much easier for military commanders to properly govern their subordinates. I have applied to the proper authorities long since to be transferred to active duty in the field, but have been in Missouri by Mr. Lincoln himself. I hope very soon to go another department, and shall not complain of yourself and others for your efforts to effect my removal, I assure you. Trusting that better days may soon come for Missouri and the country, I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 14, 1864.

Captain GEORGE H. SMITH,

Asst. Q. M. and Supt. Mil. Tel., Saint Louis, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: You will push to completion at the earliest possible moment the telegraph line from Saint Joseph to Weston, that we may connect directly with Saint Louis over military lines and via Central Missouri and North Missouri lines. I need the line very much at this present time, and trust there will be no delay in putting it up.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., June 14, 1864.

General FISK, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

Papers in case of Harry Truman sent to you a day or two since for thorough investigation and prompt action. A letter* from Honorable William A. Hall, of Huntsville, detailing atrocities and outrages committed by him, is received to-day and forwarded to you. A regard for decency demands that instant action in his case be had. Please to put every engine in operation to secure him prompt punishment if he is guilty, and stop his work at once till his case is investigated.

By order:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 14, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

H. Truman yesterday, after having been ordered three times by myself to send his command to Macon, leave his plunder at Brookfield,

---------------

* See p. 324.

---------------

