
and report forthwith, sent the following telegram to General Rosecrans, which I caused the operator at Macon to hold from transmission until to-day. I now send it to you. You may have his report and understand his wishes:

BROOKFIELD.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

I have been in the field according to your orders. I have killed 8 bushwhackers. The copperheads want me to leave and break up my band, and all of the Union leagues want me to stay. I have 20 Union men with me that would not stay at home, and have 60 black men - all able men. I want to stay here for two weeks more if you will let me. For reference I will give you all the Union men of this county. I have turned over 34 horses, saddles, and bridles to Captain Crandall, in command at this point. All the leagues want me to stay in this county. Answer forthwith, so that I will know what to do.

H. T.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 14, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The scout and detective tat left Macon on the 2nd instant was under orders from the major-general commanding and Colonel Sanderson, provost-marshal-general. I had previously ordered him to report in person to the provost-marshal-general and obtain orders for future action, as I had become thoroughly satisfied that his conduct was bringing upon me more trouble than all the bushwhackers of North Missouri combined. H Truman, instead of obeying my order to proceed to Saint Louis, opened communication with the general commanding and the provost-marshal-general by telegraph and obtained from them an order to make another campaign, and was in the field with his party before I could respectfully remonstrate. On the 8th instant I telegraphed you of his continual bad conduct, and earnestly requested that he be withdrawn from my district forthwith. The general commanding immediately authorized me to take him in hand and send him to Saint Louis, or keep him, as I might think best. I found him as expeditiously as possible, and on the 12th instant he reached Brookfield, on the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad, with 40 contraband horses, 75 negroes, and a large amount of the plunder in his train.

I immediately ordered him to report to me in person at my headquarters without delay, and directed Colonel Williams, at Macon, to send a good officer with 25 men to Brookfield, to take charge of the plunder and the men who had been operating under H. Truman. In the mean time I have been overwhelming with letters and personal visitations complaining of the outrageously shameful conduct of H. Truman and party. Hangings, shootings, and plundering have been the order of the day. He has doubtless killed men who deserved death, but at the same time he has stirred up trouble that will cause the death of many good Union men in spite of all I can do. I have finally succeeded in bringing him to my headquarters, and I have this day directed him to proceed to Saint Louis and report to department headquarters for further orders. I will forward letters from

