
he kept him, saying they did not turn over prisoners. I have had application from one or two men for saddles, bridles, and a wagon, who are Union men. Said property was taken by H. Truman. I had conversation with a couple of volunteer aides of H. Truman this p. m., who say they do not know what they will do if H. Truman is taken out of the service, as they cannot make anything in the militia.

The provost-marshal got, I think, 2 recruits from the negro brigade brought in by H. Truman. The balance have left. I have sent a guard to look after the property at Bucklin, and shall have it moved to this place in the morning. I will send a scout to Keytesville, to inquire into affairs there, in the moving. The cause of the trouble has been from acts of citizens who have gone with H. Truman and done all kinds of devilment to men who are considered sympathizers, and also to men who have been Union men from the start, but they have been reported as copperheads because some neighbor was mad at them. All seems to have been conducted with perfect looseness and, in all cases, a total disregard of the rights of anybody.

If we go in for depopulation and devastation, his course is right; for it is driving every man who has been suspected of secession proclivities to the brush, and many who have [not] been engaged, good men, have come in for protection. I tell them to go home; that no more plundering will be permitted in this county by any party, and in all cases when men are known to commit depredations they must be reported forthwith, and that rebels and sympathizers in each district will be held responsible for all depredations committed by bushwhackers, and they must watch out for them; that they (the rebels) have the peace of the country in their own hands, and if they do not want to be annoyed by soldiers they must assist in putting down all acts of lawlessness on the part of friends and be ready at all time to report any breach in their districts.

E. J. CRANDALL,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 14, 1864.

Captain E. J. CRANDALL,

Brookfield, Mo.:

Your views of H. Truman are sound. I have never indorsed his actions. He has never been under my orders, but acted under orders from the provost-marshal-general. I have finally got him in my own hands, and you may assure all the people that there will be no more of that sort of warfare. Circulate this information as widely as possible in the disturbed district. Give the people, both rebels and sympathizers, to understand that they are to be held responsible for the presence of bushwhackers in their county. they can rout them if they will. Be careful and not lose track of any of the property. Keep it in your possession until further orders. Did you send me the yellow horse? I [will] buy him from the owner if he is a good one.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

