
BROOKFIELD, MO., June 14, 1864.

General FISK:

I have a sergeant and 8 men at Bucklin. They will bring tat property all to Brookfield in the morning. The yellow horse goes west on way freight in the morning. I have a car and contraband all ready. I will keep all the property and horses safe. H. Truman has one horse which he claims. Shall I deliver tat one to H. Truman if he demands him? I hear of quite a number of horses left at different places which I understand are private property of H. Truman and his lieutenants. Shall I take in those when found?

E. J. C[RANDALL].

GLASGOW, June 14, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.,:

DEAR SIR: There is much trouble in Chariton County, just north of us. A Captain Truman, Federal scout, as I am informed, has recently been through this section, and the latter part of last week shot and hung some 5 or 6 persons. I know nothing of his orders or the persons shot, only the fact that the people were killed. They may have deserved killing, as I learn they were generally rebels. Last night, however, another party, claiming to be a portion of his command, but who were bushwhackers, killed 5 Union citizens, about twelve miles north of this place. The people of all classes are fleeing from the county, and it os feared retaliation will follow retaliation until there will be no one left to kill. I know you have been advised of these proceedings by telegraph, but I have through proper to write to you and ask of you to send some discreet man, with a proper escort, to look into the whole matter and reassure the terror-stricken inhabitants.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARK H. GREEN.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 14, 1864.

Honorable WILLIAM A. HALL,

Huntsville, Mo., via Allen, Mo.:

I have received your letter of the 11th instant. If you can consistently visit me at my headquarters, I would be pleased to confer with you touching the condition of affairs in your and adjoining counties. The party of whom you write was stopped in his campaign as soon as I could reach him. I am glad you wrote General Rosecrans of his conduct.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, June 14, 1864.

Honorable WILLIAM A. HALL,

Huntsville, Randolph County, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I am in receipt of your communication of 11th instant, and in reply thereto say that Captain Truman has been stopped in

