
his mad, career, and I have him under arrest here, and shall promptly cause the most thorough investigation into conduct, and punish him for the great wrongs he has committed. I have ordered all the plunder he brought in with [him] to be safely kept at Brookfield until the rightful shall be established. Captain Truman was not in the field by my order. On the contrary, I have respectfully, but earnestly, protected against his presence in my district. He was deemed an expert detective by my superior officers, but I am sure General Rosecrans never expected him to [do] aught else but obtain information of the presence of bushwhackers, &amp;c.

Captain Truman was under orders from the provost-marshal-general. Yesterday i received authority to stop him, and he has been promptly stopped. I wrote General Rosecrans that he would cause me more trouble than all the bushwhackers combined, and I guess I was right. i have not yet been informed of the extent of his operations, but I fear the chapter is a dark one, that many good citizens have been killed and others driven to the brush by the conduct of men from our ranks. no one can regret this more than myself. While I am included to, and will, kill every bushwhacker found in his hellish work, yet I will be careful not to cause needless irritation among our people at home. I will not quarrel with any man now about the past. What will he be and do for the future? Shall we save the country first of all? I telegraphed you to-day, asking you, of convenient, to visit me at my headquarters and counsel me touching the administration of affairs in the counties named in your letter.

I hope it will be convenient for you to come; if so, please telegraph me when en route that I may be at headquarters. I have ordered a good officer to go immediately to Chariton and Randolph Counties and correct the impressions that may have gone forth that this system of warfare and infamy was to be the rule. It is a disgrace to our Christian civilization that men from our ranks should thus wickedly murder and steal, for that is what it is and nothing else. You may assure the people that I shall do all in my power to prevent the recurrence of such damnable outrages in this district. I am giving the men of my command line upon line, present upon present, that their mission is to put down and not to create disorder. I shall be glad to see you or hear from you at any time. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

FAYETTE, MO., June 14, 1864.

Colonel DRAPER,

Macon, Mo.:

Four Union men living 3 miles below Beckelheimer's Mills, on this side the Chariton River, were murdered by bushwhackers last night. The messenger did not know many bushwhackers there were. Three of the men killed were Charles Jinsen, Henry Pattenheimer, and John Jinsen; the name of the other is forgotten by messenger. Major Leonard has not returned yet, and I am unable to send out scout.

HENRY S. GLAZE,

Captain, Commanding.

