
that 4 of his Union neighbors were murdered last night. Communicate with him if you can. Move with determination and extermination. I fear the murders may be in retaliation for killing done by H. Truman.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SALISBURY, VIA ALLEN, June 14, 1864.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK:

SIR: On the 12th instant, I wrote you in detail relative to the bad acts of men pretending to be Federal soldiers in Chariton County. The bushwhackers, in retaliation, last night murdered at least 4 of our good Union citizens; all were near neighbors. Will you authorize our citizens of all political parties to organize to capture or kill bushwhackers if found with arms? The radicals and conservatives are anxious to do so to save our country from destruction. Can we get arms and ammunition? We will clean the country of bushwhackers if we are authorized by you to do so. if you send Federals to the county I hope and believe you will instruct them to act according to the laws of war, and not allow hanging and shooting of unarmed men without a trial. Direct answer care Planter's House, Saint Louis.

Respectfully,

LUCIUS SALISBURY.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 14, 1864.

LUCIUS SALISBURY,

On N. MO. Train, or Planter's House, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your telegram is received. I will do all in my power to aid the citizens of your section, regardless of party, to drive out the bushwhackers. It will be best to call out the organized militia rather than have irregular organizations. I' have directed Colonel Williams to go to your section in person at once, and promptly call out and arm the militia. Individuals not attached to militia companies can attach themselves to some good company. We will thus avoid confusion of regular and irregular organizations. If you go to Saint Louis, please call upon General Rosecrans and explain in person what you know of the conduct of the party of whom you wrote me. He was sent up from Saint Louis.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 14, 1864.

Captain CLAYTON TIFFIN,

Richmond, Ray County, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: You have been ordered with your command to Greenville, Clay County, where there is much to be done in exterminating the bushwhackers, restoring peace and order, &amp;c. Take hold of the

