
large number of armed sympathizers, their threats, their secret meetings, are unmistakable exponents of the storm about to break in thunder peals upon us. Never since the gathering of rebels under Saunders and Patton have Union men felt so insecure in their lives, property, and peace. The reported appointments of field officers for the Andrew County militia has produced a feeling here which cannot be suppressed by sympathizing or copperhead officers. Men who invaded Kansas to outrage the virgin Territory, who aided, countenanced, and encouraged the murder of Father Holland, who swore that "Fremont's proclamation had knocked all their Unionism out," cannot command the loyal militia of Andrew.

I know whereof I speak. Forbearance ultimately ceases to be a virtue, and let me appeal to you to prevent the inauguration of a reign of terror in our county. We are ready to serve our country in any capacity. We organized ten companies at the last call, and are willing to report at any time or place for duty under loyal officers. We are ready to make any sacrifice for the weal of our bleeding country, but we cannot, we must not, serve with those who harbored Jo. Hart, under those who have tried to murder us. These I think are the feeling of 600 [men in] Andrew County. For myself, I am willing to do any service for the Government established by our revolutionary ancestors that she may require at my hands.

With much respect, your most obedient servant,

W. P. HOBSON.

PAOLA, KANS., May 25, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Two sections Ninth Wisconsin Battery, under the captain, arrived at Council Grove on the 20th instant. His report will be forwarded by next mail.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

PAOLA, KANS., May 25, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

I request more explicit instructions in regard to sending the Indians south from Humboldt. I know nothing in regard to these Indians except what is contained in two short telegrams from you of the 13th instant. The points upon which it would be convenient for me to be informed are, first, to what point are we to furnish escort from this district; second, what means of transportation have they, and what are we to furnish; third, what is required in regard to subsistence.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

PAOLA, KANS., May 25, 1864.

Major CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Information came by last night's mail that a detachment of Colorado troops under Lieutenant Eayre were attacked by 400 Cheyenne

