
DENVER, COLO. TER., June 14, 1864.

(Received 11.45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Indian hostilities on our settlements commenced, as per information given you last fall. One settlement devastated 25 miles east of here; murdered and scalped bodies brought in to-day. Our troops near all gone. Can furnish 100-days' men, if authorized to do so, to fight Indians. militia cannot be made useful unless in the U. S. service, to co-operate with troops. Shall I call a regiment of 100 days' men or muster into U. S. service the militia?

JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., June 14, 1864.

Major JOHN CLOWNEY,

Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers, Fort Snelling:

MAJOR: General Sibley has designated you for the important duty of selecting the site for the establishment of a strong military post on the James River, having confidence in your good judgment and intelligence. To aid you in the accomplishment of this object he has directed me to give you the following directions, by which you will be governed so far as it is found practicable to do so:

First. Upon your arrival with your command at the head of the Coteau Des Prairies, you will immediately dispatch one company of infantry, the company of cavalry (except 10 men, who should be retained by you for scouting purposes), and one mountain howitzers, under the command of one of your most trusty and reliable officers, to examine the country along the James River, between the mouth of Elm River and the mouth of Bone Hill River, to ascertain whether timber of sufficient amount and proper quality for the uses of a military post can be found between those points. If the report is favorable, you will at once march to the point designated, and should your own judgment concur with the officer's report, you will, after making such arrangements for temporary defenses as are requisite for entire security against attack, proceed with the utmost expedition to the erection of the post buildings, in accordance with the plan furnished you herewith.

But if you are satisfied from the report of the officer dispatched to make the examination that there is not timber of quantity and quality sufficient for a military post on the James River, you will then make a selection of a site as near the head of the Coteau Des Prairies on the ridge or high prairie as practicable, having a due regard in locating and establishing the post to securing an ample supply of water without risk in any emergency, and to avoiding any grounds in the vicinity of ravines and depressions or mounds from which the garrison could be assailed by savages under such cover. It is of primary importance that these instructions be rigidly observed, as the security of the post depends very much upon so placing the fort that it cannot be approached from any quarter without the assailants being exposed to the fire from it. So soon as the ground is chosen, the measurements of distances made in accordance

