
with the plan, and temporary earth-works and rifle-pits prepared, you will proceed to secure the timber for two block-houses, of proper capacity and solidly, to be erected as part of the permanent defenses of Part Wadsworth.

These buildings once completed, the ordnance, commissar, and quartermaster's stores should next be built, so as to secure the public property against damage from the weather. Then the officer's and soldiers' quarters should be prepared, and such other tenements as are specified in the plan. You will bear in mind that the rear and ends of the buildings should be made bullet-proof. When all the buildings are completed, you will surround them on the line marked in the plan with a proper stockade, not less than 8 feet high, pierced for musketry, and of materials that are proof against projectiles from small-arms. The more commanding the position of the fort, the greater will be the area of vision from it, as well as its impregnability. If water can be found at a reasonable depth, wells should be dug within the defenses as soon as possible, so as to make sure a supply of that indispensable element under all circumstances. the proximity of timber for building and for fuel a permanent post are, of course, primary considerations, but no trees or underbrush from which an enemy could annoy the garrison from under cover should be permitted to remain.

Working parties should always have their arms at hand in case of attack, and they should, in addition, be protected by a sufficient force. Strong guards will be required both day and night, and the whole strength of the garrison must be held ready to repel any attempted assault. During the daytime mounted pickets should be stationed at a distance from the post on high and commanding points, so as to preclude the possibility of a surprise. The officer in command of the detachment to explore the James River region between the indicated points must take every precaution against attack while engaged in the performance of that duty, and select his camp on a high point in the prairie which commands all approaches to it. You will instruct him also to strengthen his position by earth-works and rifle-pits on all sides of his camp. You are especially cautioned to permit no straggling under any pretense. Officers and men must be rigidly prevented from leaving the camp, for, while it is probable that no attempt will be made to assail your main force, you will doubtless be beset by small parties of savages, who will surely cut off stragglers, especially as the construction of a military station so far in their country will prove exceedingly distasteful and annoying to the Indians generally.

During the march from Front Ridgely you will dispatch the scouts, of which valuable force you will be provided with a sufficient number, under Mr. Bottineau as chief, to the front and on the flanks of the line, to reconnoiter and report if any traces of Indians have been discovered. And you will cause the train of wagons to move in two or three parallel lines, at 30 paces distant from each other, whenever the nature of the country will admit it. A portion of your cavalry should be stationed in the front and rear of the column, and the remainder used as flankers, several hundred yards on each side. Should you be threatened with attack while on the march, you will at once form a corral of the wagons in a circle, with the draft and beef animals on the inside, and so post your men [and] the mountain howitzers as to defend the approaches from all sides. At night the same precautions will be observed, so as to prevent all danger of a

