
stampede of the animals. In determining the disposition of the command while on the march, there shall be a rear guard of one company of infantry and one mountain howitzer, in addition to the cavalry mentioned. The other howitzer should be stationed between the cavalry and the infantry of the advance. Captain J. E. McKusick, assistant quartermaster, has been designated as the quartermaster of the expedition and post. He is experienced in lumbering, and generally well qualified for the general charge of those matters.

In choosing the ground for the fort, you will of course, have in view the advantage of proper drainage, which is an important consideration. Remember, also, that the bands who infest the region where Fort Wadsworth is to be built are the most expert, daring horse thieves, and take precaution against them accordingly. You will be expected to report to these headquarters by every opportunity, giving all the information you possess relative to the progress of the work, the presence of hostile Indians, &amp;c. Upon approaching the Head of the Coteau you will probably be communicated with by Gabriel Renville, my chief of scouts, who is encamped with other half-breed and friendly Indians at Skunk Lake, not far distant from your line of march. You can use these scouts whenever their services are needed, but it is not desirable that they encamp with the Indians in the vicinity of your command, for reasons sufficiently obvious. You will perceive the propriety as well as the policy of permitting no insult or injury by the troops to the Indians who, having signed the conditions upon which is vouchsafed them, are under the direct protection of the Government. You will require a list of these Indians to be furnished you by Gabriel Renville, chief of the upper scouts. Trust your train in the valley of no stream, nor in any wooded ravine, without having it previously well examined by cavalry and infantry skirmishers for a considerable distance above and below.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 15, 1864.

(Received 21st.)

Major General ED. R. S. CANBY:

GENERAL: The affair of General Sturgis does not turn out to be as bad as he reported it, though bad enough. Thirty-six hours after he got 1,600 infantry came in by themselves. The loss in men will be from 1,500 to 2,000. I shall repair damages as rapidly as possible. It is generally agreed that the force attacking Sturgis was large. This same force in twenty-four hours can be run into Mobile, and if General A. J. Smith, with 6,000 to 10,000 men, should be sent there, as Major General W. T. Sherman contemplated, he would be certain to meet the same force that whipped Sturgis. I have telegraphed particulars to General Sherman.

In two days I will have General Smith's troops clothed and paid off, and will have them ready for anything. If, as id alleged, there are 15,000 to 20,000 men on the Mobile and Ohio Road, 12,000 of whom are mounted men, it is an object to hold them there. Our

