
railroad runs out about 28 miles. i can make a demonstration to the end of the road with 10,000 men and have the cavalry push on some distance beyond, and if thereby the large force of Forrest can be detained from Major-General Sherman a point will be gained. The infantry, being at the end of the railroad, can be moved at a moment's notice to Memphis and shipped in any direction. i have issued orders, and am making a show as though I was again sending out to attack the enemy.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

MADISON, WIS., June 15, 1864.

Major VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Thirty-ninth Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel Buttrick commanding, left Milwaukee for Memphis on the 13th instant; strength, 39 officers and 783 men. Fortieth Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel Ray commanding, left Madison for Memphis yesterday a. m., strength, 35 officers and 734 men. Forty-first is to leave Milwaukee to-day.

J. D. GREENE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, June 15, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 16, from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, in official copy of a report* as called for by the that portion of the above-named order as relates directly to "the locality of troops," "the necessity of occupation," "minimum garrison necessary for defensive purposes," [and] "the additional defensive works necessary to secure the same." I have the honor to respectfully state that the other requirements of the order will be met at the earliest practicable moment.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., June 15, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: I have the honor to requested that the battalion Sixth Missouri Cavalry now serving in Missouri may be ordered to join the

---------------

* See p. 157.

---------------

