HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, June 15, 1864.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Cavalry:

SIR: The commanding general directs that you establish at Kenner such cavalry camps of instruction and distribution as may be necessary, removing to that point for this purpose all troops of that arm now encamped in New Orleans or nearer than Kenner to New Orleans. General Reynolds is instructed to cause all troops temporarily located near New Orleans also to make their camps at Kenner. You will please confer with General Reynolds in regard to the best appropriation of the available ground at that point, with a view to the above. The above is communicated by direction of Major-General Banks.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar letter to General Reynolds.)
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE,Brownsville, Tex., June 15, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Yours of the 7th instant is at hand. Upon receiving the order to evacuate Pass Cavallo I concluded to withdraw the regiment from Aransas Pass, but as yet nothing has been done owing to the want of transportation. It was my intention to bring the regiment here, but I do not understand from your letter whether that is approved or whether it is ordered to New Orleans. As nothing can be done before this reaches you, please advise me what the destination of the regiment will be.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, June 15, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: The return of the Department of Missouri shows a much smaller force than I had relied on, and you will employ such of the force in Arkansas as may be necessary for the purpose in preventing raids into that State. If the raiding parties succeed in passing your lines they should be pursued so long as there is any prospect of success. Let me know what force of the rebels is in your front, what is the condition of your troops, and whether the re-enforcements and supplies ordered to you have reached their destination. Has your transportation been fully replaced? All the cavalry horses at Saint Louis have been ordered to your department. General Washburn reports no rebels in Arkansas east of Jacksonport and

