
cotton plantations. Taylor's forces are on the Red River and Atchafalaya, a portion of them in the direction of the Teche. The rebels in Arkansas have been re-enforced by 5,000 Texas infantry.

The remainder of the Texan troops, except Wharton's cavalry division, have returned to Texas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, June 15, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

(Care Commodore Phelps):

GENERAL: Everything will be put in shape for a movement, but from appearance a general advance could not be made without a pontoon bridge. Requisitions were forwarded immediately after my return from the last expedition. The bridge will probably be here within thirty days, judging from information received from the headquarters Engineer Corps. The rebel cavalry are probably nearly all north of the Saline. Two thousand well-mounted cavalry could, by making a detour from here, release all our prisoners on the other side of Red. The same could be accomplished from Fort Smith more easily. White Rivers is threatened by Shelby. Fagan's headquarters are at Monticello. We intend making a dash at them. Your dispatch of 2nd instant was not received until yesterday.

Very respectfully,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., June 15, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I send you the following reliable information, derived from an intelligent citizen captured on the steamer Clara Ames. The Clara Ames was captured a few miles below Columbia, at Sunny Side, by Marmaduke on the 30th May. My informant, with others, was taken prisoner and sent to Camden. He arrived at Camden on the 6th instant, and left on the 8th, having been paroled by General Price. After his capture he was taken to Marmaduke's headquarters, a short distance from Columbia. Marmaduke had about 2,500 men and one battery of six guns, viz, four 6-pounders, two 12-pounders, two 18-pounders, and one 20-pounder Parrott. On his way to Camden he met another battery of four guns going to marmaduke. At Monticello he found General Fagn encamped with about 1,500 mounted men and a battery of four guns.

General Price had about 5,000 men at Camden, with some artillery. On his return he found General Hawthorn encamped at Hampton with 1,500 infantry, just up from Red River, and he understood more were expected. Kirby Smith he understood was at Shreveport. General Price advised him to return via Napoleon, instead of Little Rock, as he was told that by that time Shelby had no doubt cut the

