
railroad between Little Rock and Devall's Bluff. He thinks Price, as soon as he can get his men together and make his arrangements, intends to move north to Missouri, first cleaning you out while on the way.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General, Commanding.

HARRISON'S FERRY, 8 MILES BELOW CLARENDON,

June 15, 1864. (Via Devall's Bluff.)

Captain C. H. DYER:

I can hear nothing of parties trying to cross the river. Have been down the river as far as Aberdeen. If I had one good infantry regiment with the cavalry I have, I would like to cross the river and weed Shelby out. If I remain on this side the river can I have 100 sacks oats brought down on some boat going down the river and have them landed here? There is no forage in this country and we have nothing but grass for our horses.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. F. GEIGER,

Colonel, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, June 15, 1864.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR:

Two boats arrived yesterday and this a. m. The saw no enemy at Clarendon. A gun-boat was there. Scoot sent across the river discovered nothing of importance. The 200 guerrillas before reported had left. No force was found west of Cache River.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel Third Michigan Cavalry.

PINE BLUFF, June 15, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Arrived with my command an hour since; all safe. I had a terrible time getting through the swamps and across bayous. I saw no Confederate troops or guerrillas. From all the information I could gather from white people and negroes I am led to believe that there are three guerrilla bands who occasionally make their appearance in the Richwood Swamps; one under command Captain Runnells; one under Captain Nall, 20. They do not seem to have any particular abiding place.

I have what I deem reliable information that a man by the name of Messenger has been conscripting men in the Richwood bottoms. He succeeded in getting about 80 men, most of them deserters from Price's army. He was to have crossed the Arkansas River five days ago to join Price's army, supposed to be concentrating north of the Washita River. I could not get any information of any troops having

