
crossed to the south side of the Arkansas River either above or below Arkansas Post. I captured a man who I believe belongs to Captain Nall's band of guerrillas. Mr. Mason, who lives at Mason's Mill, on Plum Bayou, informed me, after seeing him shot, he was a desperate guerrilla. I am now crossing my command over the river.

A. ERSKINE,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., June 15, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 29th ultimo has been received. The force in the Department of the Missouri is much smaller than I supposed, and I have to-day instructed General Steele to use the force in Arkansas to prevent, as far as possible, raids into Missouri, and to pursue raiding parties if they succeed in passing through his line.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Natchez, miss., June 15, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of instructions just given to the inspector-general of your department, and forwarded to him direct, in accordance with orders from major-general commanding, in order to save time.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. WILSON,

Captain of Engineers and A. I. G., Mil. Div. of West Miss.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Natchez, Miss., June 15, 1864.

ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL,

Department of Missouri:

SIR: The commanding general directs that you will immediately furnish this office with such reports, statements, &amp;c., as are necessary to exhibit fully the present actual condition of the troops of this command. In making your report you will specify fully the actual condition of each corps, division, brigade, and regiment of the command embodying the reports of your assistants, being careful to recognize the fact that you are to report on everything that comes under your supervision in the line of your duty, without regard to rank. Your attention is particularly called to the cavalry, Artillery, and supply departments and transportation service, both by land and water.

In the cavalry branch you will report as to its organization and efficiency, and the condition of each regiment in your command as

