
KANSAS CITY, MO., June 15, 1864.

(Received 10.15 a. m.)

Captain STEGER:

Major Pritchard, with Companies B and H, left at 6 p. m. for Raytown [and] Westport; 20 on Blue, with Captain William H. Greene; 25 with Colonel Ford, Hickman mills, scouting on Blue.

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 15, 1864 - 5.50 p. m.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Pleasant Hill, Mo.:

Direct Major Pritchard to remain and scout the country in the vicinity of Raytown.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. BATT. FIRST CAV., MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Germantown, Mo., June 15, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following supplemental report of my command from June 10, 1864, to June 15, 1864:

One non-commissioned officer and 10 men started on the morning of the 11th with orders to scout the country down the south side of Grand River, as far east as White's Ferry on said river, and return on the north side of the river, scouting the country west as far as the mouth of Muddy Creek. Said detachment returned on the night of the 14th, traveling 120 miles.

John T. Goodbrake, captain Company B, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, sent in charge of 10 men with instructions to search the country northwest of this station for lost stock, mules, and horses belonging to this command, and also to search the country on Muddy Creek for guerrillas, returned on the night of the 14th, traveling about 90 miles.

Sergt. Joseph McClure, of Company K, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, was sent in charge of 15 men to Asceola, saint Clair County, Mo., for the purpose of arresting and sending to district headquarters, Warrensburg, Mo., 5 citizens of that county; 25 men on duty escorting forage train. Lieutenant B. F. Johnson, Company K, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, in command of 44 men guarding the country on the Osage River.

I have a line of pickets guards extending from Taberville, Mo., down the north side of the Osage River to within 8 miles of Osceola, Mo. I also have patrol guards extending from Taberville, Mo., to Osceola, Mo.; the patrol guards have been kept constantly on the move for the last five days and have traveled near 30 miles each day, making 150 miles. I will just remark that I have spared no pains in guarding the Osage country, and have the pleasure of reporting to you the country perfectly quiet.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY F. PEERY,

Captain Co. K, First Cav., M. S. M., Commanding Station.

