
SPRINGFIELD, MO., June 15, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: Captain Cassairt, Company I, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding at Forsyth, Mo., has returned from a reconnaissance to the mouth of the north fork of White River, bringing in with him 5 or 6 prisoners of General Shelby's command. The prisoners belong to Colonel Coffee's regiment, and state that General Shelby had furloughed nearly all of his men until the 10th of this month, at which time Colonel Coffee's command, numbering 800 men, was to mass at Salem, Fulton County, Ark., and Shelby's other forces were to assembled at Batesville. Shelby is running all the mills, boh saw-mills and grist-,ills, on or in the vicinity of White River, from the mouth of North Fork down, and the lumber saved is of bridge and pontoon dimensions, and the men say is to be used for these purposes. Every indication is that the rebels will advance a large force of infantry and artillery directly north at an early day. They live upon parched corn and a small amount of fresh beef. Shelby has four pieces of Artillery.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., June 15, 1864.

General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

The general commanding authorized you to clothe the two companies of Arkansas Militia at Berryville in the manner proposed by you. The clothing should be issued on regular requisitions, approved by you, and a copy of this telegram and yours, to which this is a reply, to show the necessity for the issue. The general thinks you had better postpone your visit here until after General Canby has moved and developed his plans.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., June 15, 1864.

Colonel ALLEN,

Commanding at Mount Vernon:

COLONEL: Your favor of the 13th is received and contents noted. If there is evidence to convict the two ladies of being spies, you will send them to the provost-marshal here for trial, sending the names and residences of the witnesses. If there is no evidence, you will hold them in custody such length of time as you may think the public interests require and then release them upon their taking the oath. I have information from other sources that Major Pickler was near Pineville last Friday night with 400 men. These men are mostly from Shelby's command and is the force refereed to in the letters, no doubt. Keep fully informed and call out the militia whenever you need them. It will not do to weaken the towns too

