
much, but all that is possible must be done to hold both the town and the country. The burning of Melville is a bad affair. Citizens and soldiers must be on the alert. Seely and Hanly, the murderers, both got away two nights go. See if you cannot catch them about their homes pretty soon. Catch them, if possible, and send them in here again.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., June 15, 1864.

Lieutenant JOEL T. HEMBREE,

Company E, Seventh Provisional Regiment, Lamar, Mo.:

Your communication of the 14th instant came duly to hand and the contents have been considered. I have already taken steps to increase the force at all the posts in the western tier of counties by calling out the entire militia force of several counties. the object to be gained by holding these posts is not the protection of a few men residing there, in person or property, so much as to prevent all bands of guerrillas and forces of the enemy going north. I desire to hold both towns and counties, if possible, thourought the district. If it is found impossible, then I shall concentrate and hold what I can.

I shall be glad to hear from you and any other officers under my command at any time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis 15, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

Your dispatches with reference to Harry Truman received. You have misunderstood the tenor of my dispatch of yesterday, which directed you to arrest and punish him. He should not be sent here, but tried on the spot where his villainies have been committed. I have telegraphed the commanding officer at Macon to intercept him and send back to you in irons. The commanding general wants your attention invited to the fact that, within the limits of your command, you represent him in all military matters, and in the case of Harry Truman you should have arrested him so soon as you were satisfied of his rascality, irrespective of whose orders he was serving under.

The general commanding is now satisfied that Harry Truman is a villain, and desires you to bring him to a speedy trial where all the facts of his case may be fully developed.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

