
earnest remonstrances. The provost-marshal-general did not, of course, except that a detective scout would thus conduct the campaign of secret service. All property will be returned by my orders, upon proper showing that it was taken unlawfully from loyal citizens.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

BROOKFIELD, MO., June 15, 1864.

General FISK:

Report come in this morning of troubles near Keytesville again. I sent Lieutenant Lewis with 50 good men early this morning to Keytesville, with all necessary instructions. I have heard that a company of 50 are in that vicinity from Macon. Think they are the men that have been seen; they are good men and my men will co-operate with them. I have instructed them to look out sharp for the Macon company. Some twenty sympathizers have been here since last night to see me, and they understand that they are to be held responsible for all trouble hereafter from their men, and bushwhackers are included as theirs. I told them we would be responsible for the acts of all men who are in the service, I instructed Lieutenant Lewis tat no pillaging or thieving would be allowed, and I told him personally responsible for the conduct of his men. They are well armed and will not return until they make a through scout. I think in day or two the excitement caused by so much recent lawlessness on the part of our men will subside. now bushwhackers will not ne taken prisoners. I sent the yellow horse and contraband this morning.

E. J. C.,

Captain.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 15, 1864.

Captain E. J. CRANDALL,

Brookfield, Mo.:

Would it not be better for me to bring all the H. T. plunder to saint Joseph? I could then see the claimants and learn much of the H. Truman campaign from them.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Liberty, Mo., June 15, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

I have the honor to report my arrival a scout taken for the purpose of capturing persons represented to have been sworn into the Confederate service by Colonel Thornton. I succeeded in capturing all but two of the members on my list, and they were in the brush. I have been taking their statements to-day and will be ready to start for saint Joseph to-morrow. There is a great number of

