
WASHINGTON, D. C., May 25, 1864-12.05 p.m.

Major-General POPE,

Milwaukee:

You will immediately send the Sixth Minnesota Regiment to Helena, Ark.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., May 25, 1864.

General H. H. SIBLEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

If the grass is not high enough to support animals by June 1, you are authorized to delay march of Thomas for eight or ten days. Let me know by telegraph should you do so.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 25, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

My column will be ready to move from Fort Ridgely 1st June. I think the grass will permit the march by 5th. I will inform you in time. I shall go to superintend departure next week.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 25, 1864.

Colonel M. T. THOMAS,

U. S. Volunteers, Fort Ridgely:

COLONEL: You have been selected by the brigadier-general commanding, on account of his belief in your ability, vigilance, and discretion as an officer, to command the expeditionary column designated to join Brigadier-General Sully on the Missouri River, to operate against the hostile Sioux Indians, and on the eve of your departure he deems it his duty to give you such instructions and make such suggestions with regard to the course to be pursued by you as may tend to facilitate your operations. You will also find herewith certified copy of the directions of Major-General Pope with reference to the general programme of the campaign by which, so far as applicable to your command, you will of course be governed.

The first point to be decided is the line of your march from Fort Ridgely. Crossing the Minnesota River at the post ferry, or at the lower agency, you will follow the trail of the expedition of 1863, until you reach Inkpa River, when you will take the old route up the valley of that stream marked in Warren's map as General Sully's route of 1856. Whether it will be better to follow it until

