
men of Clay County who had left their homes in the last few days and gone in the brush. It is my opinion that Thornton will rally a considerable force in this county.

I arrested a man whilst I was out who had the confidence of all the Union men of this county and was regarded as being a strong Union man, but I find from the evidence that he has been with Colonel Thornton, which fact he acknowledged to. I am satisfied that Captain Garth will not succeed in raising his company. I think it important to have at least another company in this county. With the present force here I cannot do the scouting that is necessary to be done and keep a sufficient guard at this post. I have a scout of 30 men 12 miles from town at this time, lying on the road for the purpose of capturing them as they pass. I did not succeed in seeing but one whilst I was out. I shots his horse, but failed to get him.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. KEMPER,

Captain Company K, Ninth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 15, 1864.

Major R. LEONARD,

Commanding at Fayette, Mo.:

MAJOR: I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of 10th instant, and to state that he feared the Ninth would lose their good old bushwhack-killing reputation unless they exterminate the villains that are overwhelming the counties of Boone, Howard, Chariton, and others. Pursue the rascals with all the vigor possible and exterminate them surely. The obstructions placed in your was by the movements of H. Truman are removed, now that he is mustered out of the scout service. His career has been decidedly a bad and bold one.

I am, major, very respectfully,

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 15, 1864.

-----

ABBOT, Esq.,

Iatan, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to request you to meet me at these headquarters on Wednesday, June 22, 1864, to confer with other citizens of your county and myself touching the unhappy condition of affairs in Platte County, Mo. I am authorized to arrest yourself and others, but this I prefer not to do; would rather have you visit me upon invitation, to see if we cannot agree upon a plan to unite the good people of Platte County in an effort to put down existing troubles and to restore peace and quiet in that and adjacent counties. Your position and influence are such that your energies, properly directed, would be productive of much good.

Trusting that you will not fail to respond to this invitation, I am, sir, very respectfully,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

