
after Indians, but they got no Indians but lenity of buffalo. Captain Parmetar, of the Twelfth Kansas Infantry, in command here, is reported by every officer and man that I have heard speak of him as a confirmed drunkard. Fort Larned is only a fort in name, as there are no defenses. An attempt has been made to thrown up breast-works around it, or one-third of it, as the Pawnee Creek, on which it is built, defends the other two-thirds. This breast-work averages about 20 inches high, with the ditch on the inner side. The huts are built of adobe, of a very inferior guality, the sod being sandy, and they are covered by little crooked poles, with dirt and grass thrown on the same, and I do assure you the sight presented in the huts occupied for quartermaster and commissary stores was awful. The water had been steaming down amongst the corn, flour, beans, and everything else, and by this rain alone over 100 sacks of flour were ruined; besides, I saw over 1,000 bushels of corn, according to Lieutenant Crocker's (the assistant quartermaster) estimate, which was ruined. He assured me that over $5,000 worth has been lost in the last twelve months. I thinks this loss might have been materially lessened by proper attention of officers responsible, and I think the men's time could be much better employed in the erection of stone buildings, instead of going every few days on fruitless scouts, as there is good building stone within 3 miles of the place.

It is my opinion that these scouts tend to run horses down, with no prospect whatever of meeting the Indians; and that the commanders of these little posts should be instructed to adhere to their escort duties, improving their defenses, and to drill, and if the Indians are to be fought a sufficient force should be sent to crush them out. I have had several accounts of the battle or skirmish that took place between the Colorado troops and the Cheyennes. Fifteen wagons were purchased on the steeds of Denver City, and Lieutenant Eayer, with two mountain howitzers and 84 men, all told, went in search of Indians, with instructions to burn bridges and kill Cheyennes whenever and wherever found. With his 84 men and only 15 wagons he wandered off out of his distrait, within 50 miles of this place. The Indians, finding his command well scattered, his wagons being behind without any rear guard, artillery in the center 1 1\2 miles from them, and the cavalry 1 mile in advance, made an attack, killing 3 instantly and wounding 3 others, 1 dying two days afterward, the Colorado troops retreating to this place. Lieutenant Burton, who was in the fight, is my authority.

I have met La-hor-san, a venerable Indian chief of the Liowa tribe, who professes (and no doubt is in earnest) great friendship for the whites; he has about a dozen lodges with him, and they are principally old men, women, and children. He exercises great influence with his tribe, and it is thought will yet prevent many from joining the Cheyennes, as he is very eloquent and earnest in his appeals to them. He asked many questions as to where I came from and what was my business. I told him, through an interpreter, that the great general commanding all this country was much pleased with him, and that he was known far and wide as a great and good chief. The old man is mourning for a near relative, and has lately cut off one of his fingers, and burned his fine lodge, 19 fine robes, and a wagon, and killed 3 horses, besides destroying other favorite things. I next visited the principal chief of the Arapahoes, Little Raven, and went into his lodge, which, together with its contents, was a great curiosity, and could it be transported just as it is, would be a valua-

