
[Inclosure.]

FORT LARNED, KANS., June 15, 1864.

Commanding officers of posts sending out escorts with mails or trains will give orders to officers in command of the same to adhere strictly to their escort duties, and will prohibit them from further require that the speed taken by the escort will be such that the horses can stand up under, and the parties seeking protection must conform to their gait if they would have the benefit thereof. While Government is desirous and is making every effort to protect individual property, it becomes necessary to adhere to these rules, that their property, too, may be cared for and rendered effective.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

T. I. McKENNY,

Major and Inspector-General.

DENVER, COLO. TER., June 15, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER DISTRICT OF COLORADO:

SIR: I desire to make in behalf of myself and the other immigrants accompanying me the following statement of loss of stock on June 9, 1864: Myself and party of immigrants, consisting in all of but 3 men with their families, en route from Kansas to California, were encamped on the cut-off on Bijou Creek, about 65 miles from Denver, Colo. At about the dusk of evening of the said day our stock consisting of 6 horses and 4 mules, were stampeded by a party of 6 mounted men, who had dress and every appearance of being Indians, and who came upon our our camp suddenly, and by shouts and the firing of guns stampeded the above-named stock and ran it off. The trail of the robbers was followed by us on the following morning for the distance of 2 miles, when the pursuit was abandoned on account of our inferior numbers and the unprotected condition of our families and property.

Respectfully, yours,

EVEN REYNOLDS.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., June 15, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,Milwaukee:

GENERAL: Sixth Regiment Minnesota Volunteers left last evening for Helena, Ark., according to orders.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, June 16, 1864-5 p. m. (Received 26th.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

Five thousand infantry will be held in readiness for immediate movement by the river, and all the available cavalry for a rapid

