
movement into the interior of the State. These movements will be in concert with other movements, and the time and object of the movements will be indicated by instructions from these headquarters.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 39. New Orleans, La., June 16, 1864.

1. Major General J. J. Reynolds, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the forces now being assembled at Morganza, La. all and Memphis, Tenn., will obey any orders given by him, and furnish promptly any supplies or materials that may be called for by his direction.

2. Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the Defenses of New Orleans, and will at once relieve Major-General Reynolds.

* * * *

4. Leave of absence for twenty days, with permission to apply to the Adjutant-General of the Army for an extension of sixty days, is hereby granted Brigadier General William H. Emory, U. S. Volunteers.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORGANZA, June 16, 1864.

Captain De WITT CLINTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans, La.:

The enemy are collecting about Tunica Bend; in what force I cannot say. They have fired on our boats with musketry. I have directed Colonel Chandler to collect boats enough for me to send a division of infantry and 500 cavalry to make a raid over there. To-day I send all the remainder of the cavalry on different roads to try to expel from this side of the Atchafalaya the enemy's remaining on this side.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES, Morganza, La., June 16, 1864.

Major-General CANBY, or

Major-General BANKS:

GENERAL: Captain Ramsay, commanding the naval forces near this place, has just reached here to inform me that the enemy have a battery of rifled guns at Tunica Bend, with which they have disabled one of his ships. He reports that they are throwing up an earth-work near Fort Adams. I have but a single boat that is avail-

