
able as a transport for troops. I telegraphed this morning for boats enough to move one division (5,000 men) and 500 cavalry, but I have had no answer from that. I think it important to dislodge the enemy before he gets any foothold on the river.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., June 16, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY,Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps, Morganza, La.:

GENERAL: Your telegram of this morning is received. The troops at Morganza will move in a few days, and, unless the necessity be urgent, no detachments should be sent beyond the reach of immediate recall.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

DE WITT CLINTO,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE, Brownsville, Tex., June 16, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT:

GENERAL: By steamer Clinton I have extract from special order directing General Warren to relieve me at this post. He did not arrive by the steamer bringing the order, and I will therefore be in readiness to return on the boat that brings him down. Upon arriving at New Orleans I can explain to the commanding general the condition of affairs on the Rio Grande much more fully than by writing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,F. J. HERRON,

Major-General
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE, Brownsville, Tex., June 16, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge receipt of communication under date of the 8th instant, from the major-general commanding, covering copy of dispatch from Honorable W. H. Seward, concerning intervention of Mexican affairs. It has been my special aim, since assuming command here, to avoid by either word or act doing anything that could be construed into interference with the French and Mexican troubles. This has been somewhat difficult to do and, at the same time, keep friendly with the Mexican authorities, but I believe I have succeed. They endeavor by every possible means to have U. S. officers commit themselves by remarks or toasts, which are immediately published in all the newspapers.

In my communication with their officials the Monroe doctrine is always discussed, but I have refrained from making any statement

