
or offering any sentiment that could be misconstrued or that could be of any possible service to them. This was especially noticed by Senior Yglesias, minister of finance, during his late visit to this place, and remarked by him to several friends of mine. At the same time I have ever been on the most friendly terms with all of the Mexican officials, and can have almost anything from them that I ask for. I can assure you that thus far I have given the French no cause for complaint, without they see proper to object to my action during January last.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE, Brownsville, Tex., June 16, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans, La.:

MAJOR: I have by the Crescent yours of the 3rd instant, covering duplicate of extract 3, Special Orders, Numbers 28, from department headquarters, regarding the movement of the Texas cavalry regiments. The original order was received May 14 by Colonel W. McE. Dye, during my absence, and by first steamer he forwarded letter, copy of which is herewith inclosed. Upon my return, a few days after, I received the order and would have forwarded the regiments at once but for the following reason: Orders had been received to evacuate Pass Cavallo, using all the transportation for that purpose, and to make the movement with dispatch. The detail had been left to Brigadier-General Roberts, but I hurried from here every steamer that came in, sending them without delay to Pass Cavallo, and at the same time wrote Colonel Holabird, asking that some large schooners be sent there to aid.

The evacuation had already commenced when the order for the cavalry regiments was received, and I deemed it important that the evacuation should be completed before the transportation should be used for any other purpose. The cavalry regiments were therefore detained for the time, but everything was put in shape for moving. The pickets that were out some 75 miles were brought nearer to the post and all surplus camp equipage turned over. Had no further orders been received, they would have moved just as soon as the evacuation of Pass Cavallo was complete. They will now more by first steamer. While on this subject it might be well to say that there has been great dissatisfaction in these regiments on account of the proposed removal. This was caused in a great measure by a letter written by Colonel E. J. Davis to some officer of the regiment, inviting the command to go to New Orleans.

This letter reached here by the steamer previous to the one bringing the order, and the first intimation I had of any movement was that the regiments were publicly balling (officers and all) as to whether or not they would go. I must confess I was very much disgusted with the performance and had it stopped, informing them that any orders received would have to be obeyed. Upon this being known, a number of officers tendered their resignations, which were forwarded with a recommendation for their dishonorable dismissal. The action of Colonel Davis in this matter is certainly censurable

