
and must have been done thoughtlessly. I do not send any horses with the regiments, they being entirely unfit for service. The saddles have been turned in here. Shall I send them by next steamer? I have also retained two companies of the regiment for picket duty, please advise me about the matter?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCE ON THE RIO GRANDE, Brownsville, Tex., May 14, 1864.

Lieutenant General RICHARD B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of paragraph 3, extract of department Field Orders, Numbers 28, dated April 27, 1864.

I would state for the information of the commanding general that the animals of these two regiments are of a poor quality and in so bad a state that they cannot be landed in New Orleans in a serviceable condition. Only about 300 are fit for the least service, and a trip to New Orleans would perhaps render them worthless for at least many weeks. It is thought that they, with proper care, may be of some service to the Government in remaining here, as it will be necessary, for a time at least, to mount a few infantry to replace the cavalry. Being without specific orders in the matter. I will retain the animals until further orders, for the reasons expressed, believing that I conform to the commanding general's views. The quartermaster expects about 200 head of broken animals within a week, from Mexico, to be delivered on a new contract. If it is thought best at department headquarters the animals will be forwarded to New Orleans, as they were designed for the Texas cavalry. An answer to this by the first opportunity will probably be in time to comply satisfactorily with your order. In connection with the above I would state that the Confederate forces west of the Nueces is about 800 cavalry, with two or four pieces of artillery, 600 or 700 of which men are either at Rio Grande City or en route from Laredo for that place. The Saint Mary's is the only vessel here, and she has New Orleans orders to get a cargo at Pass Cavallo, so no use can be made of her to forward the Texas cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McE. DYE,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 15. Little Rock, Ark., June 16, 1864.

The undersigned hereby assumes command of the Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, during the absence of Brigadier General J. R. West. The staff at these headquarters, as at present organized, will continue in the discharge of their respective duties.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

