
you cross the Coteau de Prairie, or diverge more to the north in the direction of the mouth of Maple River, a tributary of the James River, which is nearly east of the point on Bordache or Bourbeuse Creek, near the Missouri, which is specified as the point of junction with General Sully's command, must be determined by yourself, after consultation with Major Brown, who has been appointed chief guide and chief of scouts for the expedition. The understanding with General Sully is that our respective forces shall meet on Bordache Creek (Bourbeuse on Warren's map) on the 20th June, and you will please bear this in mind in regulating your daily marches.

Secondly. Unless officers and men are fully imbued with a sense of the absolute necessity of treating their horses kindly and husbanding their strength as much as possible, the command will soon be reduced to comparative inefficiency. You will therefore give and enforce the strictest orders against any cruelty and neglect of the animals, and against their being ridden fasten than a walk, except when the men are employed on service which requires more speedy action. Much can be done to preserve the condition and strength of the horses by a vigilant supervision on the part of the officers.

Thirdly. The utmost care should be taken, not only while baiting the horses by day, but in securing them at night, to guard against a stampede by Indians, who are exceedingly expect in creating alarm among animals. The same remark should apply also to the mules and beef-cattle. These latter should be corralled inside of the wagons in the center of the camp at night.

Fourthly. The side of the camp will always, of course, be selected with a view to facility of defense. With this view a high commanding ground in the prairie, remote from ravines and thickets, should be chosen, and the camp formed in a hollow square, with the artillery posted at the opposite angles, so as to sweep all approaches to it. So soon as you have reached a point where there is reason to believe that Indians are in the vicinity, or that there is a probability that attempts will be made upon the camp, the line of sentinels should be doubled, and rifle-pits made every night in which two or more can take refuge in case of an attack and hold the enemy at bay until full preparations are made to receive him. Do not spare the pick or the spade where there is cause to think that their use in the constructions of rifle-pits or earth-works may save the life or limb of one of your men. Labor in that direction is always well bestowed, and will probably save you from the confusion and danger of a night attack from the savages.

You will be accompanied by an efficient body of scouts, who, under their experienced leader, Major Brown, will be in incalculable service. Divided into two equal parts, they should be made to do duty on alternate days, far in the advance and on the flanks of the column while on the march, so as to give timely notice of the presence of Indians. General Sully's scouts will be on the lookout for your column soon after the crossing of the James River, and should be communicated with as soon as possible.

Due precaution should be taken not to permit any violence to be offered to Indians who approach in small numbers in the daytime with a flag of truce or other evidence of friendly intentions, as it is possible some of those who have tendered their submission to the Government may be found on James River or elsewhere on the line of march. Your duty is to report to Brigadier-General Sully on

