
III. No goods shall be sold by the trade stores, except in small quantities, the permits to be approved by the military commander of the post before the purchase is made.

IV. No steam-boats shall be used for the purpose of getting cotton from the vicinity and reshipping the same in other boats, or in any manner violating her clearance. All unnecessary delayed of boats will be considered such a violation.

V. The naval officers at the station are equated to co-operate with the military commander to prevent all unlawful trading with enemies or persons unfriendly to the Government.

By order of Brigadier General N . B. Buford:

T. C. MEATYARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 16, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Since my morning report, I have intelligence of 400 rebels having crossed the Missouri north last Friday at Wellington. They also use the crossing at Blue Mills. My informant is an intelligent Missourian, and thinks Quantrill with at least a thousand bushwhackers is lurking between Platte and Caly, not far from Ridgeley.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 91. Saint Louis, Mo., June 16, 1864.

The exigency having passed which required the issued of an order prohibiting the shipment of hay from this city on private account, General Orders, Numbers 75, current series, from these headquarters, is hereby rescinded.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MILL. DIST., ENROLLED MO. MIL., Columbia, Mo., June 16, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN B. GRAY,Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you a letter* from Colonel Moberly, with notice inclosed, which explain themselves. Unless some change is made in the management of affairs in my district, our troubles have just commenced. Some several weeks since there was a body of soldiers (which I learn was from Macon City) came into my county, disguised in the uniform of secessionists, but did but one thing that would make anybody believe they were really rebels, and that was to take a good many fine horses, which they have failed to

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

