
return. Of this matter I would have written sooner, but supposed that these horses would be returned in due season. The policy of such moves, I think, to say the least, is very dangerous.

The result is that when I hear of a body of men robbing and taking horses, I am not able to tee whether they are rebels or Federal soldiers, and, so far as the citizens are concerned, it makes but little difference with them who gets their property, as it is a los either way. I have not been able to get my guns from Saint Louis yet and do not know when I shall. There are plenty of rebels between me and the railroad to capture them before they get here, and they will do so if they have a knowledge that they are on the road. I could get plenty of citizens to take their guns and go with me to the railroad for these guns, if we had ammunition, but that we have not got and cannot get it here. The people of my county would take care of themselves if they had the liberty of so doing, but being deprived of the use of their guns, and not wishing to evade any military order, they submit with the best grace they can to being robbed and plundered; but this submission will not always last, and it is time the policy was changed. Either give the people solders to protect them or let them have arms to protect themselves; either will do .

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS STATE OF MISSOURI, Adjutant-General's Office, June 16, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to His Excellency Governor Hall, for his information.

A copy of letter within mentioned was forwarded to you yesterday.

W. McCORD,Acting Adjutant- General.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Rosecrans.

W. P. HALL,

Governor of Missouri.

PILOT KNOB, June 16, 1864.

General EWING:

I heard the rumor and have somewhat anticipated your order, and now have a scout down near the Arkansas border, with instructions to find out the truth in the report that Shelby is at Batesville. Will carry out the rest of your orders as soon as the scout now gone returns. I will send out a large one under Major Wilson to go into Arkansas. I have very few dismounted cavalrymen, only about 20. I cannot spare any men from here to go on a scout. I have only enough men to relieve my guards. I propose to bring [the company at] Saint Geneviere into this place. Give me your opinion. I do not think the company is doing any good there. Can I employ about five spies at a reasonable price for temporary use?

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

