HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, Mo., June 16, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,Pilot Knob:

You will employ such spies as you think necessary. You will judge for yourself of the expedience of withdrawing the company from Saint Genevieve. My impression is you had better leave it there, and order Captain Milks to send half of it to Saint Mary's Landing. Three very full companies of infantry, which your adjutant was to have distributed, got off this morning without him. If they do go through to Pilot Knob you may retain one company if you see fit and send the other back for Pilot Knob with and officer to distribute them. All the bridges of any consequence must be very carefully guarded, because in case of nay considerable incursion into Missouri by a rebel army the guerrillas would doubtless seek to cripple the road. You must get along at Pilot Knob without heavy guards, so as to make your troops as effective for offensive operations as possible.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, June 16, 1864.

Colonel J. F. TYLER,Pilot Knob:

There has been some mistake in getting off the troops to guard the bridges, and Lieutenant Kellman missed the train. It may be that the men will be distributed on their way down; if not, you will be prepared to have them distributed on the return of the train.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PILOT KNOB, June 16, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I will retain one company of One hundred thirty-fifth Illinois Regiment here. Will return the other two up the road to the bridges. I will order Captain Montgomery to guard to three bridges close to Victoria, and will have the two companies I send up to guard all the brigades guarded by a small guard as far as Victoria. This guard will not be sufficient in case of an incursion made by any considerable force, but will be protection against roving bands of small numbers. Will order part of Captain Milk's company to Saint Mary's Landing. If my programme suits please signify your approval, or if not, suggest such changes as you think proper, and they shall be made. Please answer.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

