
HOLDEN, MO., June 16, 1864. (Received 9.30 a. m.)

Colonel J. McFERRAN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

I have the honor to report to you that I have made most thorough scouting [of] the Basin Knob and Lone Jack country, without finding any rebels or any signs of any having been in that section of country for three or four days. I will await here for two hours for orders from you. Should I received none, I will move on Black Water, in the direction of Columbus. Detachment of Companies D and M, First Missouri State Militia, are now in the Basin Knob country.

R. L. FERGUSON,

Captain, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 16, 1864-9.40 a. m.

Captain R. L. FERGUSON,

Holden, Mo.:

Major Neill telegraph a considerable force of rebels north of Free dom, on Davis' Creek. Move to Columbus and co-operate with him. We have a camp and central point near Mound Prairie Church, on the road between here and Lexington. I will advise that camp of yours being at Columbus.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 16, 1864.

General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

General Holland has telegraphed the adjutant-general of the State that you desire the retired militia of the counties of newton, Jasper, Barton, and a part of Dade County, called into service for thirty days, in consequence of the outrages that are being perpetrated in these counties of your district by guerrillas. Is it your wish that I should call upon the Governor for these troops? Answer immediately.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., June 16, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I had thought that perhaps General Canby was not fully aware that the occupation by the enemy for any time here now will result in the entire devastation of the country, and that this is one of the most loyal sections of the loyal portion of the United States, and the devastation will be likely to extend over nearly the whole loyal portion of the State. About 600 of the enemy have

