
passed up the border since Sunday, and it is reported reliably, I think, that Cabell's men and some of Stand Watie's men, in all about 600, are now about Maysville, Benton County, Ark. Schnable, with 400 men, is near Yellville; Coffee, with 800 men, is at Salem, and Generals McRae and Shelby near Batesville, with about 3,000 men and four pieces of artillery.

I deem it very doubtful if a rebel infantry force cross the Arkansas River, moving light, can be checked by our light troops or be driven back by any maneuver of our army in the rear, and moving remote from river and railroad it would be difficult to capture or break it up before it would destroy a large porion of the State, if at all, while if our army should advance in the mean time into Texas the advantage gained would hardly compensate for the loss. With another full regiment I could attack and break up the present force, without allowing towns and the houses of Union citizens to be burnt in large numbers. I make these suggestions in no spirit of self-conceit or relainace, but thought it was possible that they had not entered into the consideration of General Canby in adopting a plan of campaign, and they are suggested by the enemy's present movements. I am confident that it is the design of the rebel generals now to advance their infantry before long, and my opinion is that our army below should check the movement at an early day by a demonstration, if nothing more.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 16, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding:

You may be assured, general, that I shall make speedy and thorough work in bringing to trial and punishment H. T. and his confederates in the late villainies. The rascals are in prison, and the facts being gathered. I will use all possible means to give assurance to the people of the district that the rights of all will be protected and defended to the utmost of the power and authority intrusted me. Where can I find Poinderter?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 16, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Major Hunt returned after a scout in Platte; relieved Captain Fitzgerald, who was afraid to return for Ridgeley. captain Fitzgerald brings papers taken from rebel captain killed, and also statement of a dying rebel lieutenant; all go to show that a rebel Colonel Thornton has about 300 bushwhackers in Platte preparing for mischief . Among papers taken is a statement of troops located through Missouri and Arkansas. I send these to General Fisk.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

