
between them not very formidable, as they evidently inhabit the same neighborhood. Mr. Washburn thinks Quantrill is with them near Ridgeley.

I telegraphed General Rosecrans to-day in regard to this movement of rebels north of the Missouri, and especially called his attention to their places of crossing not far from Lexington, and also at Bule Mills. I am considerably annoyed by the efforts of some to press me into extensive operations on your side. If is far better the work should be done by your own troops, many, probably most, of whom are just as loyal as our Kansas troops. We must not do injustice to the true, because false men will associate with them; but a fresh regiment from other locations, or new and extensive organizations of home guards, must be placed in the turbulent sections where the bushwhackers now seem to be collecting.

Quick and terrible vengeance should be visited on some of the wealthy villains that foster or favor these murderous organizations. But let me know whatever comes up. I will keep you posted as well as I can, and when necessary do all I can to aid you.

I write this while and orderly is hunting after Captain Fitzgerald. His family is in Ridgeley, and he is extremely anxious to get them out. He did not dare to come away himself till Major Hunt went to Ridgeley and relieved him. He dare not go back without a force. For the next six months we must be much troubled by these villains, but constant movement and firm vengeance displayed by our forces will prevent much mischief. Moving troops about is especially important, and night movements are most desirable. I hope you will keep your promise to come and visit us. Mr. Sturgeon and his railroad committee called to see me to-day. He is very sanguine of success in his ideas of the Missouri Valley road. My folks are all very well. Sam is not returned from Baltimore.

Turly, your friend and fellow-soldier,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

MACON, MO., June 16, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

Would it not be as well for me to gather up the property taken by Truman? It is all over the district.

THOS. A. SIMPSON,

Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 16, 1864.

Captain THOMAS A. SIMPSON,Quartermaster's Agent, Macon, Mo.;

I have ordered all the Truman plunder to be concentrated at Brookfield, in charge of Captain Crandall, until rightful ownership can be established. If you know of any scattered about the district gather it up at once. I desire to make an early and full report to Colonel Sanderson of the campaign of his detective scout.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

