HEADQUARTERS POST OF SAINT JOSEPH, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 1864.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK,District of North Missouri:

GENERAL: The scout of 15 men under Sergeant Rhine, of Company B, Ninth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, has just returned. He left here on the 12th, and came to the conclusion that there was nothing to be accomplished by staying out any longer. The scout was in Taos, Arnodsville, and Ridgeley. There was a company of U. S. troops there from Leavenworth under Major Hunt. They had come there after Captain Fitzgerald to escort him back to the fort. They belonged to the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry. My scout went with Major Hunt to attack a rebel camp, but after scourging the country did not find any. Near the house of a Mr. Fulton 3 men ran from the house. Major Hunt took Mr. Fulton with him; left him with Major Hunt at Evington's Mill, 4 miles south of Platte City. The sergeant went east toward Ridgeley; again returned to Arnoldsville, [but] saw nothing of the guerrillas. Threw out several baits, but the people would not bite.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. ADAMS,

Captain, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS POST, Parkville, June 16, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,Commanding Dist. of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: We have had quite and excitement here all day, occasioned by a party of men who visited a man about 6 miles from here this morning and borrowed his horses; as soon as they left, he dispatched a messenger to this post for assistance. I could get no horse for myself and part of the men, but started Lieutenant Noland with all who had horses in pursuit. I then called on the citizens to help defend the post. The cloud of destruction seems to be nearer us than ever before during this war. Although living here all the time, I had no idea that we had drifted so near desolation as I have found [ourselves] to be since I have be acting in my official capacity, scarcely two weeks.

I have received information, which I believe to be reliable, that the greater portion of these men committing these depredations are citizens of this county who are at home when soldiers are in pursuit. I have employed a man who has a limited acquaintance in this county, and looks like a good subject for a bushwhacker, to go and join them and get into their secrets, and report to me through a near neighbor of his the result of what he has done. I know both men well, and know that what they tell me will be all right. I have promised this man a good recompense for his time, provided, however, that he gains some information from which we can act, and he is a shred, quick man when sober; he has always sense enough to know what he is doing.

From all I can learn, the plan of these outlaws is to keep perfectly quiet, uncles in self-defense, with the exception of taking all good horses, until they have their organization complete; they are then

