
your arrival at Bordache or Bourbeuse Creek, and act in accordance with his orders. When detached by him the course to be pursued by you is sufficiently indicated in the instructions from department headquarters furnished you herewith. Captain Jones, of the Third Minnesota Battery, has been intrusted with a Warren's map, properly mounted, for your use. You will be expected to communicate with these headquarters whenever opportunity offers, and to make the requisite reports of your command.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., May 25, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Commanding District of Iowa:

GENERAL: I again invite your attention to my letter to you of the 13th instant and to my telegram of the 20th instant, in relation to the movement of the force to be sent from Minnesota to join you at the month of Bordache Creek. General Sibley will dispatch this force from the upper Minnesota River by the 30th of this month, with thirty days' rations. You must provide for their supply at Bordache Creek or elsewhere at the expiration of this time.

If you are not able to get stores to Bordache Creek in time, send the necessary orders to this force to proceed to some point lower down on the Missouri River where you can supply them. When they march from the upper Minnesota they pass out of General Sibley's jurisdiction, and will of course depend upon you, to whom they are ordered to report, for their supply after the expiration of the thirty days for which they are provided. The unusual and excessive drought on the plains west of Minnesota has put back the spring, and it is doubtful whether grass will be sufficiently advanced by June 1 to supply the animals. I have directed General Sibley in this event to delay the march of the troops for eight or ten days. If he makes this change in their movements you will be duly notified.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Natchez, Miss., May 26, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the headquarters offices of this division have for the present been established at Natchez, Miss., to which address I have to request that communications for the commanding general may be sent. I have also request that I may be furnished as early as possible with the following books, orders, &amp;c., for use at these headquarters: Fifteen copies Revised

