
to make a simultaneous movement all over that portion of the country through which they pass to concentrate, take the Paw Paw arms and parole, as prisoners of war, all those who do not go with them. But all Union men, whether soldier or civilians, are to be exterminated within the line of their march from here to the Confederate lines.

Whilst I am not in the least despondent, yet I think no time should be delayed in sending men, if there are any in the department, who can be relied on to the letter to act in concert with the loyalty of this county, including any of the Paw Paws who can go with these kind of men.

We know that some of them will not do to rely on, because some have already enlisted with these bushwhackers; this is a fact which cannot be disputed. Guns have been fired on two or three different days in a certain neighborhood, which has been followed by some outrages on the innocent people who are trying to earn their living by the sweat of their brows. You will please give me some instruction how to get forage for my horses; I cannot get any without becoming personally responsible for the pay to the parties selling, which I think is rather too much and more than will be required of me.

Hoping to hear from so, I am, general, yours, with the greatest respect,

THOS. J. WILSON,

Captain, Commanding Post.

LIBERTY, MO., June 16, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

I have reliable information that the rebels of Platte and Clay Counties are concentrating about 17 miles distant from this place, near the Ray County line, for the purpose of crossing the river. Can you send me as much as one company of men, to leave this place at 1 o'clock Saturday morning? You will please answer this at [once].

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. KEMPER,

Captain Co. K, Ninth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 16, 1864.

SIR: Advices have been received at these headquarters that numbers of Union men in your vicinity have been served with a notice, of which this is a true copy:

JUNE 14, 1864.

You are hereby notified to leave here inside of three days or your life will pay the forfeit, you old Yankee. You votes for Lincoln, and I don't intend any such men to stay in this State.

The general commanding the district will hold you responsible, with your neighbors, if this threat is carried into execution against a single Union man in your vicinity, and this is to give you due and timely warning that for every Union man who shall be injured 10

