
defense. The Indian alliance is so strong that I am sure our settlement on our lines of communication cannot be protected without more force. I have applied for authority to raise a regiment of 100-days' men. I have also asked General Carleton to aid on the Arkansas and below. It is very important that Colonel Chivington operate with his command on these infernal Indians, and the troops under General Mitchell at Laramie, Cottonwood, and Kearny ought to be brought into service.

I have ordered camps for friendly Indians at Fort Lyon, Fort Larned, and on the Cache la Poudre, and hope all the friendly bands of the Sioux may come to Fort Laramie; then, as we whip and destroy, others will join them, and we will bring it to a close. This requires vigorous war, and it can be effected soon. You will please telegraph if you approve of my plan of taking care of the friendly Indians, and of bringing those now hostile in. I inclose copies of letters to show you that this is the programme set fourth in my communications last fall, and that it is daily becoming more and more formidable. As we are at home power less but to defend, and almost so even for that purpose, we rely upon you to pour down this hostile alliance of the infernal barbarians. We of course, only having a part of the country involved, cannot, except under your orders, go out to fight the Indians. I appeal to you to consider our situation, and to protect our lines of communication and our settlements by whipping these Indians.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

JUNE 15, 1864.

Robert North, the same who made statement last autumn, now on file, reports that John Notnee, and Arapaho Indian, who was here with him and Major Colley last full, spent the winter on Box Elder. He was mad because he had to give up the stock that he stole from Mr. Van Wormer last fall. He thinks he was with the party who murdered the family on Mr. Van Wormer's ranch and stole the stock in the neighborhood last Saturday, but hanks that the most of the party were Cheyennes and Kiowas. He says that the last-named tribes, and doubtless some of the Comanche tribe, are engaged in the war.

The Cheyennes moved their families to the salt mines (salt plains), on the Cimarron Creek. Their plan is to run their plunder off to the Cimarron, where there is good buffalo hunting; they will keep the stock at the salt plains, or those Mexicans who are in alliance with them will run them off to New Mexico. The Minneconjou Sioux have been among the Arapahoes and Cheyennes during the winter, and he saw them. They swore that the whites should not make a road thorough the Yellowstone or Powder River country.

Little Raven, Arapaho chief,advised them, when several were talking of this war last fall, to wait until they got their guns and ammunition. He feels confident that the programme he reported last fall is being carried out now.

He has heard the Indians of several of these tribes talking the matter over, and that they have great confidence that they will drive the whites all out of the country, and take their land back. They

