
will not listen to argument. They have been cheated by a few traders and will not listen to reason. That is their claim, and they propose to treat all of the Indians who refuse to join them just as they do the whites. They are now doing their best to get all the Indians combined against the whites.

ROBERT NORTH.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Jack Jones, alias William McGaa, mountaineer and Indian trader, has been in the country for twenty years, living among the Indians all that time; has a Sioux half-breed wife and two children; says Cheyennes have been familiar at this house for many years. He knows all their leading men; they have been depredating on trains of immigrant for eight years, in small banks, for the plunder they took. They have murdered men, and ravished and then murdered women and children in six or eight instances that he knows of. From the accounts of various Indians that the lived with he knows they tell the truth. Some other tribes have joined them, but the Cheyennes have been the ringleaders. This war has been brewing or two or three years, during which time they have been trying to get other tribes to join in an alliance to war on the white settlements. They said the whites had robbed them of their country by settling here, and given them nothing for it, and that they would stand by no treaty, or make on treaty, but wanted their country again. Last October they commanded to gather ammunition, and made a league with the Arapahoes and Sioux, and said they would trade for all they could get, and them plunder for more. The inducements were to get stock, and that they would make the white man's heart bleed, and make him cry teams of blood. He is satisfied that the only way to put a stop to the war is to put strong forces in the field, and pursue them wherever they can be found until they give it up. He says that every successful raid they make by which they get sway with their plunder encourages others to join them from the various tribes. It uniformly has that effect among Indians; with them plunder is the inducements. The Cheyennes argue that they will so impoverish the whites that will leave the country.

WM. McGAA.

On this 13th day of June, A. D. 1864, personal appeared before me, John Evans, Governor of Colorado Territory, Jack Jones, alias William McGaa, who, being duly sworn according to law, sayeth that he made and signed the foregoing statement, and that the same is true, to the best of his knowledge and belief.

JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Denver, Colo. Tex., June 16, 1864.

Captain EVANS,

Commanding, Camp Collins:

CAPTAIN: Indian hostilities and murders have been committed about 25 or 30 miles east of this city within a few days, and our citizens, particularly in the exposed localities, are much alarmed. Our

