
troops have nearly all gone to the Arkansas. If practicable, please to send as large a force of effective men here as you can spare to co-operate with what forces we have left in pursuing the Indians. If you cannot send them here direct please send them to Camp Sanborn and advise me by return mail.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO, Denver, June 16, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Captain Evans, commanding Camp Collins, with remark that the assistance requested by Governor the troops can be supplied that they be sent to Camp Sanborn, near Fremont's Orchard, to temporarily relieve the troops stationed at that camp, that they may all be sent in pursuit of the Indians.

[J. S. MAYNARD,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, June 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PFAENDER,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Fort Ridgely:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of 13th instant has been received at these headquarters, in which you state that there are renewed rumors of Indians having appeared on the Watonwan. The measures you have taken to ascertain the facts and to follow up any of these horse thieves meet the approval of General Sibley, who is exceedingly desirous that any of these parties who venture in the neighborhood of the settlements shall be cut to pieces without mercy.

The forces destined for the expedition to establish a spot on the James River will leave for Fort Ridgely to-morrow, and will remain in camp there until all other arrangements are completed. There will be a change of some of the component parts of the garrison of that post, of which you have probably been already advised. The name of John Movers will be added to the list of scouts stationed on the Conteau. General Sibley desires you to see that these men discharge their duty faithfully. The wife and children of Scott Campbell, who is absent as a scout on the expedition to the Missouri, will receive the ordinary rations prescribed in similar cases during this absence.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., June 17, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding, Vicksburg, Miss.:

I learn that the gauge of the Vicksburg and Shreveport Railroad is 5 feet 6 inches. The question of repair and stocking it has been

