
referred to the Secretary of War for instructions. I have telegraphed you twice to inform me of the gauge. If I am rightly informed now, by locomotive builders, that it is 5 feet 6 inches, it will be best if we repair the road to alter the gauge of the rails to 5 feet, to enable us to use the locomotives and cars provided for other Southern railroad. No cars or locomotives of 5 feet 6 inches gauge can be had ready built.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 40. New Orleans, La., June 17, 1864.

1. The officers and enlisted men of the Signal Corps, U. S. Army, now on duty with the Mississippi Marine Brigade, are hereby relieved from that duty, and will proceed without delay to New Orleans, La., reporting upon their arrival in that city to Captain F. W. Marston, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

DE WITT CLINTON,Captain and A. D. C., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES, Morganza, La., June 17, 1864.

Captain DE WITT CLINTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, General Canby's Hdqrs.:

CAPTAIN: I received a telegraphic dispatch last night, saying we would move from here in a few days, and I beg to state that nothing has yet been done for the cavalry and nothing for the artillery, particularly the cavalry. Colonel Davis reports 400 recruits just arrived as a part of the 2,000 cavalry. These, as well as the Third Maryland, can be of no use on an active campaign, but, on the contrary, will be an embarrassment. General Arnold promised that the First Texas should be sent here to make a part of the 2,000, but that has not been done, and from what I learn there is no chance of its being done in time for this campaign, the regiment being still in Texas.

If authority be given to take the horses and armament of the regular batteries that are to go home, we can fit up the artillery here. I beg to refer to the reports and requisitions already forwarded to you by my chief of artillery, Captain Closson, and chief of cavalry, Colonel Davis. I respectfully suggest that General Lawler's division of the Thirteenth Corps, which now consists of ten regiments, about 3,500 strong, be increased by two regiments and divided into three brigades of four regiments each.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES, Numbers 142. Morganza, La., June 17, 1864.

1. In pursuance of orders from headquarters Department of the Gulf, the Third Massachusetts Cavalry, having been ordered to serve as infantry, will immediately turn over all their horses, horse equip-

