
ments, and sabers to the proper staff officer of the cavalry force under command of Colonel Davis. The regiment will retain its pistols and carbines until supplied with infantry arms and accouterments, for which immediate requisition will be made by the commanding officer of the regiment.

2. All men belonging to the Third Massachusetts Cavalry on any detached duty wherever within the limits of this command will be returned forthwith to their regiment. Those acting as orderlies at headquarters will be replaced by details from the cavalry.

3. The Third Massachusetts Cavalry are assigned to duty in the Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps. Lieutenant-Colonel Sargent, commanding the regiment, will report to Brigadier-General Grover, commanding Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Emory:

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PORT HUNDSON, June 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans:

The steamer Landis had 9 shots fired at her last night, between 11 p. m. and 12 m., from the east side of the river, just above Waterloo; 3 hit and passed through her. She is much injured, and is waiting here for an answer to a telegram to New Orleans. I have sent out a detachment this morning to reconnoiter. The dispatches for General Emory were sent yesterday by the first steamer, the Ida May.

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PORT HUDSON, June 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans:

He showed himself in some strength this afternoon, with a battery, on Thompson's Creek and the Jackson road. After firing some rounds of artillery they retired. It is thought to be the same battery which fired on the Landis last night. Some heavy firing up the river this morning. After I send away the brigade ordered to Morganza this garrison will be weak.

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT, Thibodeaux, La., June 1864.

Major JOHN LEVERING,A. A. G., Defenses of New Orleans, New Orleans, La.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that Captain H. De La Paturelle, with a detachment under his command, succeeded in capturing, upon Bayou Cheramie, the notorious Captain Sickles and 5 men, 2 of whom have been rebel officers. Accompanying is the report of Captain Paturelle, the rebel captain's commission,* and three of

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

