
the most important orders* found upon him. Besides the secret service upon which he has lately been engaged, he has formerly constructed and placed torpedoes in the waters of the Teche and other steams of Louisiana, one of which at last found successful. I send the prisoners by the bearer.

I am, truly, your obedient servant,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT, Thibodeaux, La., June 17, 1864.

Captain C. G. LAURANT,Assistant Adjutant-General, District of La Fourche:

SIR: In pursuance to orders from these headquarters, directing me to organize an expedition for the purpose of capturing some men (rebels) operating in the swamp beyond Tigerville, I ordered a detachment of 20 men of Maine cavalry to be dismounted and join the detachment of 20 men from the Eleventh Wisconsin, Company B, under the command of Captain Merry, Second Maine Cavalry, to proceed through the swamp and blockade the Bayou Cheramie, having information that the enemy had a camp on our near the place. I gave orders to Captain Merry, Second Maine Cavalry, to lay his men still in ambush, to wait until the enemy try to run out from the bayou, in their pirogues.

At the same time I ordered 40 men of the Eleventh Wisconsin, stationed at Tigerville, with the 20 of the Twenty-sixth Indiana and Eleventh Indiana Infantry, under command of Captain Lewis, of the Eleventh Wisconsin, to proceed though the swamp again and reach the right end of the said bayou, with order to scout the swamp and push them toward Captain Merry's position. After hard traveling they succeeded in obtaining the pirogues with 6 men, which they captured. Among them is Captain Sickles and Captain Tom Wilson. The expedition came back on the 15th June, 1864, at 11 p. m.; brought with them sixth loaded carbines of different description, after having destroyed some small boats on the bayou. I most respectfully recommend Captain Lewis, of the Eleventh Wisconsin, for his behavior on this expedition, also Captain Merry, of the Second Maine Cavalry, and the men under both commands, for their conduct, marching 30 miles a day through the swamps.

H. DE LA PAUTELLE,

Captain and Inspector of U. S. Forces on M. R. R.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Little Rock, Ark., June 17, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

CAPTAIN: I have just received a letter dated Devall's Bluff, June 14, 1864, from a reliable Union man, who states as follows:

I have just returned form my trip up White River. I met with some difficulty while coming down the river. I was chased from my canoe by the rebels, but succeeded in escaping unhurt. While I was in Augusta a part of Joe Shelby's com-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

