
mand passed through, moving down thriver in direction of Devall's Bluff. They were in possession of a complete outfit of U. S. uniforms, arms, horses, &amp;c., and such facts as would justify them in their cause to confiscate such property as they needed from such men. I furthermore learn [ed] from a reliable youth who visited their camp for my benefit that Shelby's entire command was to pass through, moving in the direction of his advance. The day I was driven from my canoe, 6 miles above Des Arc, I went into the country on the east side of the river and stopped at the house of a friend, where I had the pleasure of a second trip into a canebrake to escape Shelby's scouts. While they remained at the house the lady of the house conversed with them freely, and they told her that Shelby's command had come as far down as 10 miles below Augusta and they at that time were picketing at James' Peach Orchard Bluff. Shelby's scouts were in 5 miles of this place, on the east side of the river, yesterday, in search of Union men. From what I know and can learn force is cavalry. McRae's old command is now under Colonel Dobbin, and is down on Indian Bay, below Clarendon. McCoy and three or four companies are on the west side of White River above Des Arc, stealing, as it is their best mode of war.

I have the honor to be, yours, respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, June 18, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters for information. My news does not altogether agree with this letter.

E. A. CARR,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP SECOND BATTALION, NINTH IOWA CAVALRY, Near Searcy, June 17, 1864-6 a. m. (Via Brownsville.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The most reliable intelligence says Shelby is near Augusta. Straggling bands of his men have been in here recently. Twelve passed through Searcy day before yesterday. He has, it is said, organized the bands that have infested this section as bushwhackers. I will send a party to West Point to-day, and another up the Little Red a few miles.

Respectfully,

W. DRUMMOND,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, June 17, 1864.

Honorable W. P. HALL,

Governor State of Missouri:

GOVERNOR: General Sanborn, commanding Southwest District, and General Brown, commanding the Central District, both urgently request the calling out of at least a portion of the militia to secure the people from being driven out. I am reluctantly forced to believe that we shall be obliged to resort to a call of such portion of the

