
Enrolled Missouri Militia into service as may be deemed expedient and needful to prevent this deplorable result. I therefore recommend the issue of an order that commanding officers of the Enrolled Militia will furnish such quotas from their commands as may be called for by the U. S. district commanders, under authority of the commanding general of the department, to serve such short term, not exceeding six months, as may be needful to secure the country from robbery and plunder by guerrillas and other enemies of the Government and State.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 166. Saint Louis, Mo., June 17, 1864.

* * * *

10. The general commanding, having applied for the payment of some thirty-five companies of the Enrolled Missouri Militia, called out through His Excellency the Governor, and continued in service by proper U. S. officers, in reply, is authorized by the War Department to have these troops regularly mustered into the service s for the period of twenty months, reckoning from November 1, 1863.

11. The organization of the companies or regiments must conform to that of the volunteer force of the United States.

The regimental or company commanders will immediately report (through the various district commanders under whom they are serving) to the department commander the companies to be mustered in, in order that mustering officers may at once be assigned to that duty. In order that the period of service may be understood by all parties concerned, this order will be read by the company commander at the head of each company. Under the foregoing, the said forces will receive pay from November 1, 1863, under the prescribed regulations of the Pay Department, and be holden to service until June 30, 1865. The muster-rolls will be carefully prepared by the company commanders before being presented to the mustering officer. The remarks on the rolls should be full and explicit. The regulations for mustering volunteers will be observed in mustering the said troops.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, June 17, 1864.

Colonel J. E. TULER,

Commanding, Pilot Knob:

The general commanding expects you to guard with the three companies of infantry and one of cavalry (Captain Milk's) all the bridges up to and including the one across the Meramec. The details of the plan will be arranged by yourself.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

