
Army Regulations, ten copies Army Register (latest issue), one copy General Orders, 1863, with index; one copy General Orders, 1864, as far as issued; one copy Official Army and Navy Gazette.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.

The major-general commanding left this place for Vicksburg on the 24th instant.

POTOMAC RIVER, May 26, 1864.

Major-General CANBY,

Hdqrs. Department of the Gulf, Mississippi River:

You asked me for a good quartermaster to be near your person. Captain Sawtelle is at Brownsville; sent there upon a requisition for a trusty officer to take charge of important business. He writes that he finds little to occupy him and desires more active employment. I have a high opinion of Captain Sawtelle, and advise you to inquire into the business at Brownsville, and unless very important, to call him to you. He has great experience in the field, and has been most highly appreciated by all with whom he has served.

Respectfully,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 24. Vicksburg, Miss., May 26, 1864.

1. The detachment of the Seventeenth Army Corps now under the command of Brigadier General T. Kilby Smith will proceed without delay to Memphis, Tenn., and report to Major General C. C. Washburn, commanding District of West Tennessee. The transportation brought to this place by this command will be used in conveying it to Memphis, and will be retained at that place until further orders.

2. Captain John M. Wilson, Corps of Engineers, is announced as assistant inspector-general of the Division of West Mississippi. Any report or information called for by him will be promptly furnished, and any orders given by him, under the authority of the commanding general, will be respected.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Vicksburg, Miss., May 26, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Detach. 16th and 17th A. C., Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you have one of your brigades and a battery in readiness to move at a moment's notice for the purpose of dislodging a battery. Transports to be in readiness to receive and convey the troops to their destination.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. MELVILLE,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

