HEADQUARTERS, Saint Louis, Mo., June 17, 1864. (Received 11.30 p. m.)

Brigadier-General BROWN,Warrensburg, Mo.:

[Your] would be certain to know if any such [force of] rebels as 300 or 400 had crossed the river near Wellington, or at any other place in your district. Jackman is somewhere near Glasgow.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., June 17, 1864. (Received 2.50 p. m.)

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Colonel Moonlight, Fourteenth Kansas, with four squadrons of cavalry, just came in here, and he proposes to scout through Snibar Hills toward Missouri River. Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt, Fifteenth Kansas, with four squadrons, was at Raytown this morning, and started on a scout on the Little Blue. Colonel Moonlight is still here; proposes to go out to-night.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 17, 1864-3.40 p. m.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Pleasant Hill, Mo.:

The general commanding directs that Colonel Moonlight, with his command, move to Hickman Mills, and that you make a scout with a force of 100 men to the northeast of Pleasant Hill, in the Snibar Hills. You will order Major Pritchard to make a scout to the eastern part of Jackson County, while Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt, Fifteenth Kansas, will move to the west and take position near Little Santa Fe to prevent to guerrillas passing into Kansas. You will take command of all troops that enter your district and move them as you deem proper, under such general instructions as you may receive from these headquarters.

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, MOUND PRAIRIE CHURCH, La Fayette County, Mo., June 17, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN:

COLONEL: On the arrival of Companies L and E I ordered them to proceed to Marshall, Saline Country, Mo., with ten days' light rations. Major Suess took command of them, he traveling in that direction. They had to pass directly though the country in which a force of guerrillas are camped under one Anderson. They will strike the enemy if in their power to do so. In five days I will relieve one of

