
these companies with one from this camp. Inclosed find a copy of my order to Lieutenant Shumate, who will be in command of the forces in Saline. I would have been glad to have ben able to place larger forces in each of those towns, but could not with the troops at my command. I trust the peculiar situation of Saline County, covered as it is by the troops operating in the counties south and west of it, will enable me to give peace and protection to her people with the two companies which I have sent there. I would be glad to have one new company for the county, but General Brown, I am sure, has not got the men to spare.

I have the honor, sir, to be, your friend and servant,

HENRY NEILL,

Major First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. MOUND PRAIRIE CHURCH, La Fayette County, Mo., June 16, 1864.

Lieutenant D. SHUMATE:

You will take command of your own company and Company E of First Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, and proceed to Marshall, Saline County, Mo. You will take ten day's rations of hard bread, sugar, coffee, and salt. You will leave a sufficient force to guard the town of Marshall and scout the country from Arrow Rock to Miami, and, if you find it necessary, will leave a small force in Miami and Frankfort for the protection of those places. You will in part have to subsist upon the country, but it must be done in an orderly manner and by your orders, and such articles as are absolutely necessary for the subsistence of your command. In all cases make written orders. I have inclosed a copy of the commanding general's order to me, which must be consulted for your government. Arrow Rock must be protected also by garrison, unless the citizen guards are able to do it themselves.

HENRY NEILL,Major First Cav., Mo. State Mil., Commanding in the Field.

CAMP NEAR WARRENSBURG, MO., June 17, 1864.

Colonel J. F. PHILIPS,

Seventh Cavalry, Missouri State Militia:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your order of the 13th instant, I proceeded with detachment Seventh Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, to Holden, where I halted two hours to feed, after which I proceeded west as far as Kingston. I then turned northward, scouting the country thoroughly in the neighborhood of Lone Jack and Chapel Hill, frequently dismounting a portion of the command, and sending them in the brush where cavalry could not go. Becoming satisfied that the rebels had divided themselves into small bands and gone east or north. I returned to Holden at 8 o'clock on the morning of the 16th, where I received a dispatch from General Brown, directing me to move to Columbus.

I accordingly moved in the direction of Brush Creek and soon found the trail of a small squad of rebels, which I followed for sev-

