
eral hours, and while in pursuit of this band I found where several other bands had fed their horses and gotten their suppers the previous evening.

This was in a southwestern direction, and 5 or 6 miles from Columbus. I searched diligently for them until night, frequently dismounting a portion of the command to act as infantry. At 6 o'clock this morning I marched to Columbus, where I ascertained that three different bands of rebels passed through that place last night, numbering in all 25 or 30. I followed them 5 miles northeast of Columbus, and finding that they had again scattered, I spent several hours scouting the brush in that neighborhood. My men being entirely without rations, I turned my course and came to camp. From all the evidence I could get I am satisfied that the rebels are all moving into the lower part of La Fayette or Saline County. I found 3 U. S. mules in the pasture of one Fulkerson, 3 miles east of Lone Jack. I took possession of them and brought them away and hold them subject to your orders.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

KANSAS CITY, MO., June 17, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Warrentonsburg, Mo.:

The Chamber of Commerce respectfully represent that our city is left without troops for garrison duty, our business men and other citizens performing that duty at present, to their great inconvenience and injury to trade. There is almost a total suspension of business, as the fact that all citizens being under arms gives a wrong impression abroad, thus diverting trade and travel to other and rival points. Will you prevail upon General Rosecrans to furnish more troops, that we may be relieved from present situation? The loyal character of our city justifies this request, which we doubt not will be speedily complied with. Our citizens are ready to co-operate with the troops in defense of the city.

K. COATES,

President.

PATRICK SHANNON,

Vice-President.

M. J. PAINE,

Secretary.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., June 17, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I respectfully request that you request His Excellency Governor Hall forthwith to call into active service the entire militia force of Date, Cedar, Vernon, boston, Jashper, and Newton Conties for the period of sixty days unless sooner relieved, with directions for the troops of each county to rendezvous at the county seat of their respective counties, and report to Brigadier-General Holland for orders. This request is made for the following reasons, viz: First . These counties are being devastated by marauding bands of guer-

28 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT IV

