
rillas, and the present military force is inadequate to prevent these bands for murdering many Union men and destroying much property. Second. Large numbers of troops from the rebel army are constantly moving north though this section of the State, and cannot be checked and driven back by the present military force.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 17, 1864.

Captain E. J. CRANDALL,Brookfield, Mo.:

I would much prefer that the negroes taken by Truman go back to their homes and go to work. They must not be permitted to lounge around the towns. Let all enlist who will and are fit for service. We can't press them to do that, however. Complaint is made that the negroes of Mrs. S. C. Jones were forcibly taken from the plantation. They had better go home and hoe corn. Everybody, white or black, should either be at work or in the army. No idlers or lungers of any color must be allowed to remain within your county. Stir them up.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

BROOKFIELD, MO., June 17, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

When I came home Tuesday night I found those negroes here. The provost- marshal came from Macon to enlist all who wished to; got but 2 recruits. I then started every one of them for home. None of them have been here since. Mrs. Jones' negroes left for the country with the balance. I arrested 4 blackleg to-day from Livingston County who were lounging about playing cards. I have released them on condition that they do not come into the county again. I know them. The men I sent to Keytesville have not yet returned. I have a scout of 20 men in the northern part of the county. Mrs. Jones is a she-rebel; I know her of old; and she has a son-in-law, by name of Dr. Harris, of this county, who has always been a rebel, who writes very good letters and professes great loyalty. The doctor wrote me a long letter yesterday about Mrs. Jones. I will send it to you, with my answer, to-day.

E. J. CRANDALL,

Captain.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 17, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Kansas City, Mo.:

My subordinates in Clay and Platte Counties are of the opinion that there will be quite a concentration of guerrillas on the line between Clay and Ray Counties, with the intention of crossing the Missouri River somewhere between Parkville and Richmond, within the next two or three days.

CLINTON B. FISK,Brigadier-General.

