
ALLEN, MO., June 17, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

SIR: I have just returned to this place from Saint Louis. I learn 4 more men were murdered by bushwhackers night before last in Chariton County. The names of 2 I have are Charles Coleman and Charles Grotjohm; have not learned the names of the other 2.

Respectfully,

LUCIUS SALISBURY.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, June 17, 1864.

Colonel W. E. MOBERLY,Thirty-fifth Regiment Enrolled Mo. Militia, Brunswick, Mo.:

The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 14th instant, and to say in reply that Captain Stanley has been ordered on duty with a force of 100 men, which will be increased if necessary. The villain Truman, whose shameful outrages together with his confederates in crime, waiting just punishment for their misdeeds. He was a detective, acting under direct orders from Colonel Sanderson, provost-marshal-general, whom he had succeeded in deceiving completely as to his real character and intentions, and acted under telegraphic instructions from department headquarters, the nature of which were unknown to the general commanding. Assure the people of Chariton County that no repetition of such iniquities will be permitted as long as General Fisk remains in command of this district, and endeavor to unite all loyal and law-abiding citizens in ana earnest effort to put down disorder and to restore harmony and good feeling in your now distracted district.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 17, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Leavenworth, Kans.:

Thanks for your information. No doubt we shall all have a lively time here unless Canby makes some very decided move soon. I shall call out select Enrolled Militia, so that we can concentrate all we have.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 17, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

A delegation from Platte County is here to-night remonstrating against the Kansas troops who come over from the fort and scout through the county. They say that Major Clark is unable to carry out his plans to capture and exterminate the bushwhackers, from the fact that the Kansas troops come and go without any co-opera-

