
tion with him and his troop. I was not aware that troops from the fort had been over there but once, and then by my consent, to capture bushwhackers near by Leavenworth.

I have assured this delegation that Major Clark shall now have every opportunity demonstrate the efficiency of his militia, and that all you and I want is the total rout and extermination of the villains who are disturbing the quiet of Platte by the killing of citizens and plundering the county. No complaint is made of the conduct of your troops, not one word, only that they come and go without co-operation. Suppose, general, we leave it in this way, that you lend a helping hand to Major Clark when he asks you for aid, without reference to these headquarters. I think this plan will prompt Major Clark to great effort to put down the troubles, and it will insure the co-operation of the sympathizers, who are now very desirous that their militia should demonstrate their efficiency.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Riley, Kans., June 17, 1864.

Lieutenant D. J. CRAIGIE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to inform you that since my last letter nothing of importance has transpired at this post, with the exception of the sending away a detachment of Company H, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, to Salina and Smoky Hill, and a detachment of Company L, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, to Council Grove, Kans. I sent them out in obedience to an order from General Curtis, ordering one company to Salina and one to Council Grove, but as there were but two companies at the post I only sent those of the companies who were mounted.

I have to report, that Company H, Seventh Iowa, are in need of at least 20 horses, and that requisitions have been sent in before leaving Fort Kearny; also that Company L, of the Eleventh Kansas, are not properly armed or equipped, and not horses enough to mount one-half of the men. The fault is not with the company commanders, as they have sent in requisitions for everything necessary to have their commands properly armed and equipped. I have now 14 men at this post, who in case of attack could make a defense. However, I do not anticipate any trouble in this country either from rebels or Indians.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. MALVEN,

Captain, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Post.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., June 18, 1864. (Received 3.10 p. m., 27th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

The preparations for a demonstration against Mobile are progressing favorably. The force required for this purpose ingreater than General Sherman indicates in his telegram to me. I will be able to

