
send a force twice as great without endangering anything. The forces collecting at Memphis, which must be now quite large, I will not draw upon while there is any danger to be apprehended for General Sherman's communications. I have just returned form the fleet off Mobile. Admiral Ferraguty will render any assistance that may be in his power, and is now quietly conducting some preliminary examination that are necessary.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 41. New Orleans, La., June 18, 1864.

* * * *

2. Brigadier General B. S. Roberts, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the First Division of the Nineteenth Army Corps, and will report for duty without delay.

3. Brigadier General G. F. McGinnis, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, and will report for duty without delay.

4. Brigadier General A. L. Lee, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the First Brigade, Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, and will report for duty without delay.

5. Brigadier General R. A. Cameron, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, and will report for duty without delay.

6. Brigadier General F. S. Nickerson, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relived from the command of the First Brigade, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, and will report in person to the commanding general Department of the Gulf for duty.

* * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 75. New Orleans, June 18, 1864.

1. All shipments of gold to the port of New Orleans from this date, unless otherwise specially authorized by to Government at Washington, will be deposited with the Assistant Treasurer of the United States, to be delivered to counsigenes or claimants only upon satisfactory assurance that it will not be used in contravention of the regulations of the Treasury and War Department or the laws of the United States.

2. All parties to whom consignment of gold have heretofore been made are directed to deposit the same with the Assistant Treasurer of the United States, subject to the above regulations. The provost-marshal-general is directed to enforce a strict observance of this order.

By command of Major-General Banks:

OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

