HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 26, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Detach. 16th and 17th A. C., Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that transportation will be furnished for the troops of Brigadier General T. K. Smith's command on board the steamer Missouri, which is expected to arrive to-night from New Orleans. Should she not arrive in time, the quartermaster has instructions to impress any boat at this point for the purpose of conveying that command to its destination.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. MELVILLE,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 26, 1864.

Colonel S. B. HOLABIRD,

Chief Quartermaster:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding has been informed that the steamers now engaged in bringing troops from Pass Cavallo to this point are not sufficient to bring them as rapidly as is desired. You will please send such steamers as you may have at your disposal at once to that point for this purpose. Should you deem it necessary, you will seize any steamer that is, in your opinion, necessary to execute this order.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 26, 1864.

Colonel S. B. HOLABIRD,

Chief Quartermaster:

SIR: I wrote to you some days since in relation to water transportation being collected with the utmost dispatch for the purpose of moving the Nineteenth Army Corps, which will consist of about 15,000 infantry and two regiments of cavalry. You will please let me know as soon as you can what steps have been taken in the case, and whether sufficient transportation can be collected for the purpose at this point, and how long it will be before it will be ready.

It is also necessary that some boat be assigned to the medical director of the corps, to be used as a hospital boat which is to accompany the corps.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

