HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., June 18, 1864.

Colonel S. B. HOLABIRD,Chief Q. M. of the Gulf:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that water transportation be at once sent to the commanding officer of the Nineteenth Army Corps at Morganza, La., for 5,000 infantry and 500 cavalry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

DE WITT CLINTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 160. New Orleans, June 18, 1864.

* * * *

6. The Twenty-first New York Battery is hereby relieved from duty at Port Hudson, and will proceed without delay to Morganza and be reported for duty to the commanding officer at that point, when it will receive the battery and equipments complete of Battery C, Second U. S. Artillery. The commanding officer Twenty-first New York Battery will be governed in regard to the disposition of the property now pertaining to his battery by the instructions he may receive from Brigadier General R. Arnold, chief of artillery. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

15. The battalion of the Ninetieth New York Volunteers now at Donaldsonville is hereby relieved from duty in the District of La Fourche, and will be sent without delay to join the battalion of the same regiment now at Morganza. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportion.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

O. MATTHEWS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES, Numbers 143. Morganza, La., June 18, 1864.

* * * *

8. General Grover will hold his division, or so much of it as will amount to 5,000 men, in readiness to move on boarded of transports at a moment's warning. He will take one battery of rifled guns and one of 12-pounders. Colonel Davis will hold 500 picked cavalry in readiness to move at a moment's warning, at the same time and in the same manner. The command will take on board the boats ten days' rations, two of which will be cooked when the transports are reported as nearly ready. Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, chief quartermaster, will prepared transports for the above with all possible dispatch. The expedition will be under command of Brigadier-General Grover, who will report at these headquarters for special instructions. No wagons will be taken, and but one ambulance to each brigade.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Emory:

FREDERICK SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

