
PINE BLUFF, June 18, 1864.

Captain C. H. BYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Hearing of Colonel Slemons and his command being encamped near, I sent out a reconnoitering party. They have returned, and report that he has moved in the direction of Monticello. The party followed on their trail about 20 miles.

The scout of 200 men of the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry have returned. They brought in some 200 head of cattle from the Watesca Bayou. There is plenty of beef-cattle near Arkansas Post, on the prairie.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Get all the beeves you can and sent them to Little Rock.

E. A. C[ARR],

Brigadier-General.

USSEY'S FARM, NEAR HARRIS' LANDING, June 18, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The party which I sent to Arkansas Post have returned, not being able to reach that place on account of the recent rains having swelled the bayous to overflowing. Shelby is at Cotton Plant. If I am to remain here any length of time I would like to bring up the portion of my regiment which was left in camp at Bayou Two Prairies, and which was badly mounted or dismounted, with camp and garrison equipage. Some of the company officers are behind with their returns, and would like an opportunity to finish them.

W. F. GEIGER,

Colonel, Commanding.

LEWISBURG, June 18, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant Williams is in from scout 15 miles above Dover,bringing 4 men conscripted by Coffee. Coffee is at Wiley's Cove, Searcy County. Captain Taylor is in from Clarksville. Coming down, ran party who were firing into a steam-boat near Galla Rock. Lieutenant Carr, in from Perry County, sent after some rebels there and to destroy flat-boats partly destroyed by Shelby, and to recover ferry flat drifted away by river rising; recovered flat. Shortly after Lieutenant Carr returned 29 rebels of Shelby's command appeared on river 7 miles below. By time scout got over they were gone. Major Lovejoy is in Perry County with 80 dismounted men on four days' scout.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding Third Arkansas Cavalry.

