HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, Mo., June 18, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I send on following pages copies of telegrams, for the information of the major-general commanding, received this day from Colonel Rogers, commanding at Cape Girardeau.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CAPE GIRARDEAU, June 18, 1864.

General EWING,

Commanding:

Our scouts just in from Chalk Bluff report that, from the best information they can get, Shelby is now at Jacksonport, and was intending to move on Devall's Bluff. From citizens from Randolph and Lawence Counties the same intelligence is obtained. Captain Shibley also heard from various sources that McRae had reported to Shelby and had been sent by him to Southwest Missouri. McRae had some 600 men. I think that Shelby is at Jacksonport, but which way he will move is left to conjecture. I have made the changes in the force at Bloonfield by your ordered. There seems to be a lull in guerrilla outrages, but it will be brief, I think.

J. B. ROGERS.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

CAPE GIRARDEAU, June 18, 1864.

General EWING,

Commanding:

The following from Bloomfield just received:

Colonel ROGERS:

Captain Dawson just in from Popular Bluff. Could hear nothing from Shelby west. Everything quiet in Butler County. I have spies in Greene, Randolph, and Lawrence Counties. Will keep you advised.

HILLER.

Still later:

One of the spies just in from Greene County, Ark., says Shelby is at Jacksonport, and force variously estimated from 2,000 to 5,000. Says they are shoeing their horses fast, and that the general talk is that the biggest raid of the war is soon to be made into Missouri. He says that report in North Arkansas is that Steele had surrendered to Price with 9,000. The people are made to believe it is so. Kitchen has ordered every man that has ever been in rebel service into camp at once. Most all have deserted their arms, and have either gone into camp or are hiding in the brush.

HILLER.

I don't bet much on that spy. He knows too much, but still think Shelby is there and means mischief.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel.

