
Black Water to Brownsville. Lieutenant MGuire will move his command in such manner as to thoroughly scout the section of country through which he passes, avoiding highways and roads, keeping a sharp lookout for small banks of guerrillas and co-operating with the citizen guards, and will send frequent reports of his operations and movements. The command will carry ten days' rations of bread, coffee, sugar, and salt, and will return to camp at Warrensburg on the 28th instant .

You will also detach from Company A, of your command, 20 men on foot, under command of a competent officer, to enter the brush in the vicinity of the camp this evening, and move up the Post Oak, carrying with them two day's rations of bread, sugar, coffee, and salt, in haversacks.

On Monday morning, 20th instant, you will detach from the same company 20 mounted men, who, leading the horses of the party on foot and carrying five day's rations, will move by road to a point on the west fork of Post Oak to be indicated by Captain Peak, and await the arrival of the foot scouts. The united force will then scout both forks of the Post Oak in such manner as may be deemed best by the officer in command. You will also direct Captain J. M. Turley, of your command, to move this evening, with sufficient force, and to scout the Clear Fork in his own way and manner, his command carrying five days' rations in haversacks and to return to camp at his station, in the absence of further orders, on the 25th instant.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, Kans., June 18, 1864.

General FISK:

GENERAL: Major Hunt went over direct to Major Clark's headquarters, pursuing villains that had taken teams 3 miles from Leavenworth. Saw Major Clark, who seemed satisfied. Went on to Ridgeley and liberated Captain Fitzgerald, returning by Weston, everywhere assisting efforts with militia. A night after he returned, heard of rebel camp below ferry and went down to find it. Same time sent word to Major Clark so no interference could exist. Major Hunt returned, finding no bushwhackers. The loyal people, like myself, will be glad to have Major Clark [to protect] them, but when rebels come within gunshot of my lines I shall be after them, and I hope you will do the same on my side of the line. Will this prevent Major Clark from doing so? Who cares who kills bushwhackers? Burlingame is trying to get the privilege to build the line of telegraph. There is a report to-day of 11 of Wilson's men being taken near Parkville, but I hope it is a mistake. Major Clark better be after the bushwhackers. I shall be glad to leave it all to him.

S. R. CURTIS,Major-General.

