
GLASGOW, MO., June 18, 1864.

General FISK:

Your dispatch of yesterday received and gives great satisfaction. Truman took a great many horses from this section, some of them no doubt contraband, and could be so proved had he not turned thief himself. An effort ought to be made to restore these horses; some of them were valuable stable horses. If is believed he arrested and threatened to hang men and then sold them their liberty. He took horses and sold them back to their owners. He robbed houses of good clothing, &amp;c. The horses, perhaps, are the only species of property be recovered. Mr. Lewis has just returned and joins in this and hopes to se you here soon. We heartily join in all efforts to restore peace and quiet and maintain the same.

C. H. GREEN.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 18, 1864.

Colonel C. H. GREEN,Glasgow, Mo.:

The property taken by Truman, so far as I can find it, will be I will thank you to give publicity to this fact, so that the owners of the stable horses may get their stock without delay. The negroes have mostly returned to the plantations, where they are needed in the corn-fields. I shall be at Glasgow at the earliest moment the disturbed condition of affairs in Northwest Missouri will permit my absence. I am yet quite an invaded. Truman is a great criminal and will receive the punishment he deserves. I am sick at heart at the recital and perusal of his villainies.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 18, 1864.

Colonel J. F. WILLIAMS,Macon, Mo.:

The provost-marshal at Mexico has sent the following telegram to the district provost-marshal:

An escort of 6 men conducting arms and ammunition from Centralis to Columbia yesterday were fired upon and 2 of the party wounded badly; the remaining escapted, but the arms, ammunition, horses, and wagons were captured. Rebels reported rendezvousing at Dan Powell's old place, drilling. I have notified provost-marshal-general.

ISAAC GANNETT.

This looks like bad work; the arms should be promptly retaken if possible. What think you of the rebel camp, drilling, &c.?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, MO., June 18, 1864.

General FISK:

Major Leonard dispatches me from Glasgow about the same statement. Says he has force out after the bushwhackers. I have not

