
whole frontier to attack from Indians, and causing the depopulation of all the frontier settlements of Minnesote and Dakota, as well as exposing unprotected the whole of the great emigration to the Idaho mines. One infantry regiment, the Sixth Minnesota, I sent ten days ago to re-enforce General Steele at Helena. Ark.

I am, &amp;c.,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., June 18, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request your instructions relative to the course I shall pursue in permitting ammunition to be taken to Pembina and other points along the line, as well as to Fort Garry, in Critish territory, by this route. Last spring, before marching with the expedition, I issued orders to the commanding officer at Fort Abercrombie to cause all trains or teams bound for the points designated to be searched, and any ammunition found to be detailed, excepting only those of British subjects, who were transporting bonded goods from England, which I did not deem it proper to interfere with.

After my departure Colonel Miller, who was left in command of the forces in garrison in this district, submitted the question to you, and received instructions to permit ammunition to be transported through the lines upon the condition that good bonds should previously be given that it would not be allowed to pass into the hands of the savages. I have good reason to believe that much of the powder and lead thus transported was sold to the hostile Indians, although it would be impossible to substantiae the fact by legal evidence, it being the interest of the people generally in that region to keep the matter sub rosa. It would be proper to take such measures as may prevent a recurrence of such proceedings.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., June 19, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding Dist. of West Tenn., Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have received your two dispatches in relation to General Sturgis' operations, and am greatly pleased to learn by the last that the loss was not so great as at first reported. We have [been] too much disposed to underestimate the ability of the rebels to concentrate a large force unexpectedly and rapidly. We find here, on both sides of the river, that whenever a movement is necessary every effective man is taken and the local duties are performed by men and boys not fit to be in the army, but who can, nevertheless, perform guard, picket, and provost duty in the neighborhood of their homes. We must adopt this policy whenever, and to the extent,

