
that the people within our lines can be relied on. Our present policy absorbs too many effective. There are thousands of Army followers amassing wealth by their connection with the Army who should be made to contribute personally to the support of the Government. With them and the militia that will soon be in your district, I hope that you will be able to put every effective soldier in clerks and orderlies, and replace them as far as the regulations permit by hired men or by non-effective. If any man are employed upon duties not strictly military, have them relieved and sent to their companies; even if not effective in the field they may take the place of men who are.

No persons not essential to the efficiency of the fighting force should be allowed to accompany any expedition, either by land or by water. Every superfluous man or animal that has to be fed and transported or protected is an embarrassment. It has been one of our misfortunes since the commencement of the rebellion to rely too much upon artillery, and to use it to a greater extent than it could be usefully employed. It abstracts so largely from the infantry to guard it that any preponderance is a serious embarrassment. Ordinarily one gun for every thousand men, with half that proportion in reserve, will be ample, and none should be sent into the field unless it is properly manned, horsed,a nd equipped. There is great abuse int he quantity of transportation that is carried into the field. This should be looked into carefully by the inspectors whenever any command moves, and an example should be made of every officer who disobeys or evades the regulations. I cannot of course judge correctly with the knowledge I now have, but it is my impression that we lost more artillery and baggage wagons in Sturgis' expedition than should have been taken with it.

I hope that A. J. Smith's command is in condition to be sent at once against Forrest, and that his force will be driven out of the country or destroyed. The operations in this neighborhood are subordinate to this necessity, and Smith's movements will be to a material extent a co-operation. I anticipate, however, that you will be able to send me temporarily 5,000 infantry to replace other troops that will be employed in this operation. I will send you as soon as it can be copied a detailed statement of the strength of the rebel force west of the river. They are in great straits for supplies, and if we can prevent their receiving any from our own people we will attain a most desirable end. I send you a copy of E. K. Smith's address to the people of the Trans-Mississippi Department. I will advise you in a few days as to the movements in this neighborhood.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, June 16, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Dept., Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 6th instant, representing that one-combatants, citizens engaged in peaceful occupations, were carried off from

