
their homes as prisoners of war by the forces under Major-General Banks in the evacuation of the Red River Valley. But three cases of arrests of non-combatants when the army under General Banks left the neighborhood of Alexandria have been reported. The arrest of these individuals was the result of a misapprehension, and as soon as their cases could be investigated they were discharged and passed beyond our lines on their way to their homes. A number of persons in the dress of citizens, who subsequently claimed to be non-combatants, were captured in the performance of picket duty, and a party implicated in the capture of an ambulance under a flag of truce, and loaded with medical supplies for our wounded, were also captured. These three classes comprised all the persons referred to in your letter of whom I have any knowledge, and the last two, by possessing or assuming the military character, have subjected themselves to its responsibilities.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 161. New Orleans, La., June 19, 1864.

* * * * * *

3. Upon the arrival at Port Hudson of Brigadier General John McNeil, Brigadier General Daniel Ullmann will proceed without delay to Morganza and report to the commanding officer at that point, to assume command of all the U. S. colored troops stationed there.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

O. MATTHEWS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

BROWNSVILLE, June 19, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: By direction of Colonel Wood I sent out this morning four scouting parties south. They will be gone not more than three days. Nothing form the scouting party that went to Little Red River. Expect them in to-night.

HOMER THRALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-second Ohion.

PINE BLUFF, June 19, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

An officer and 50 of the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry just returned from escorting telegraph repairer. They report having seen and chased a small party of rebels, supposed to be part of Webb's company, but did not capture any of them .

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

