
the number. This morning a citizen sent me word that he was in their camp yesterday, and that they had 1,500 men and six pieces of artillery, and designed moving on the railroad.

The country in the region of Searcy and West Point, is full of small squads moving down for some purpose. Two companies are located west of Little Red, between Searcy and West Point. Several squads moved down from the direction of Peach Orchard Gap, passing between Bayou Des Arc and Bull Creek. One of my scouting parties had a skirmish with about 30 or Shelby's men day before yesterday, between Searcy and West Point, and run them into the equipments. I sent my dispatch yesterday under the escort of the scouting party to Hickory Plains, and as they could not cross the Cypress, they had to return. I moved down here to-day and shall make a reconnaissance to-morrow to ascertain the location and force of the enemy if are at the place represented.

Respectfully,

WILLIS DURMMOND,

Major, Commanding.

BROWNSVILLE, June 19, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just returned from a scout to Little Red River. Was with Major Drummond, Ninth Iowa, last night. Have no information later than that which he has sent.

WM. E. LOCKWOOD,

Captain, Twenty-second Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., June 19, 1864.

Colonel TRUMBULL,

Commanding Ninth Iowa Cavalry, Prairie Bayou:

COLONEL: You will send out one battalion of your regiment to take the place of Colonel Geiger's command below Clarendon, on this side of White River. This battalion will thoroughly scout the country up and down White River, and get all possible information from the east side. It will take advantage of the prairie as far as possible to graze animals. It will also procure forage and provisions from Devall's Bluff from time to time by steam-boat. It will send daily reports to these headquarters district. It will destroy all gangs of bushwhackers.

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

CHAS. W. MINER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., June 19, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: By your order I have an infantry force of 50 men of the Twelfth Iowa, commanded by Captain J. R. C. Hunter, at the mouth

