
of White River. He reported to me on the 18th instant that Price and Marmaduke's forces were on the south side of the Arkansas River, 12 miles from him. He was employing his whole force and 50 negroes (the wood-choppers) in felling timber and fortifying his position. He states that his position has been reconnoitered by small squads of the enemy's cavalry, the pickets fired on, and 1 negro killed and 5 negroes carried off. I this day send him orders to continue to fortify his position, to co-operate with the gun-boats, and to take refuge on board, if attacked by an overwhelming force.

But the root of the evil is in the trade stores. For several months there have been three trade stores, allowed to obtain each $5,000 per month, and the steam-boat Panola was, until I ordered her away, at Napoleon with permits to sell $20,000 per month. All these supplies go to the enemy. I respectfully suggest that these trade stores be closed up and ordered with all their goods as far north as Cairo. The fact is patent, nearly all the trade goes to the enemy. This post would have been captured long ago had it not been for the interest of the enemy to let it remain and get supplies. The wood-choppers can be supplied with rations, the contractors paying for them. I restrict trade to the narrowest limits at this place, but as the Treasury agents license these stores, they have made it to the interest of every one of them to evade my orders. Why should any trade store be allowed in Arkansas? The new civil machinery is not allowed to go into operation except within the picket-lines of the military posts in Arkansas.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, June 19, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER OF GUN-BOAT,

Mouth of White River:

SIR: Inclosed I send you a copy of my instructions of this date to Captain Hunter, and request your co-operation. I think the traders should ship to Memphis or Cairo all their stores, except the necessary supplies for the small population on the island who are engaged in the Government service. It is treason to supply the enemy. I desire that you and Captain Hunter should advise them to follow the dictates of patriotism and prudence.

Your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HELENA, June 19, 1864.

Captain J. R. C. HUNTER,

Twelfth Iowa Vols., Commanding Mouth of White River:

SIR: Your dispatch of the 18th is received. I this day send you seven day's rations for 50 men, to be issued to the negroes you have employed in constructing your defenses. I commend you for your decision in taking energetic measures. You will use all the resources

