
on the land to defend your post. You will compel the aid of every man within your reach in case of an emergency. You will request the commander of the gun-boat to place himself in such position as to render you aid and afford you a safe retreat on his boat, in case you are attacked with overwhelming force.

You and he will take such measures as to prevent the enemy from capturing the provisions and clotting in the warehouses of the wood will compel them to ship their articles on some of the steam-boats, and, in the last extremity, destroy them. You will restrict the trade to the narrowest limits. Captain Prichett white mae that the surgeon of the Tyler would give your command medicines and attendance. You can apply also, with perfect assurance of assistance, to Captain Phelps. I have written to General Canby this day of your situation, and trust he will take steps for your relief. Write me and send me a diagram of your position, and that of the gun-boats and the trade stores.

Your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., June 19, 1864.

(Received 27th.)

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Lieutenant T. F. Beall, of rebel secret service, made a lieutenant for burning the Sunnyside near Memphis, proposes to leave Shreveport about this date, with 10 picket assistants, to burn and destroy store-houses, boats, &amp;c., at Louisville, Cincinnati, and Saint Louis, possible also at Memphis and Cairo. This party will be in squads of 2 or 3 at each place. They correspond by mail, in cipher. Lieutenant T. F. Beall was formerly a lawyer at Shreveport, La. He is about 5 feet 6 or 7 inches high, light build, slender, slim-faced, and light-brown hair, light mustache; has been recently cut so as to leave scars, probably, on left side and near top of head, above and a little behind the ear; also at the junction of nose and forehead; also on inside of left hand near the thumb. He spits a good deal while conversing. All will be in citizens' clothes. Sometimes they wear pistols.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 19, 1864.

Lieutenant GOODBRAKE,

Commanding, Clinton, Henry Co., Mo.:

LIEUTENANT: By direction of the general commanding I have the honor to state that information has been received at these headquarters of a reputed attack on Neosho by 600 rebels on last Tuesday, 14th instant; also that on the 16th instant a force of rebels attacked a detachment of Wisconsin troops 40 miles southeast of Fort Scott. The rebels are reported as moving north; do not give full credence to this report, but send this information to the commanding officer

