
[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS, Fort Cottonwood, Nebr. Ter., June 8, 1864.

In pursuance [of] an invitation from these headquarters, dated May 31, 1864, the following Indian chiefs reported with their braves to hold a council: O-A-Schu-Cha or Bad Wound, Con-qu-num-pa or Strike, Long Face. Little Thunder authorized Spotted Tail to represent him in council, as he was sick and unable to attend.

BY MAJOR COMMANDING:

Question. Do you propose to remain peaceable?

Answer. We have been peaceable since out treaty, and want to remain so. We will not fight with our white brothers.

Question. In case you had to fight, which side would you take, Cheyenne or white?

Answer. We cannot be forced to fight on either side; we do not want to fight the Cheyennes, and will not fight the whites, as the whites could kill all of us. We want to be permitted to live and hunt our game where we can find it, as was stipulated with us in treaty, and in so doing (remaining quiet and hunting) we want protection from our white brothers, as they are more numerous than we are.

The COMMANDER. Then, as you appear to want to remain peaceable, you must keep your people of the Platte Valley road, and not allow them to interfere with emigrants, nor trade with them, but you may visit the road in small numbers and trade for clothing and provisions. You must not remain long on the road in so trading. Also, you must not interfere with stock belonging to white people, in any way. Some of your people have been in the habit of trading for whisky indirectly. This I insist on having stopped, and in case any white man offers to sell our trade you whisky, either directly or indirectly, I require of you, the chiefs and head men, to report such immediately to these headquarters. Also during this war with the Cheyennes you must not get up any war parties against the Pawnees, as it will have a tendency to get you into war with the whites. You are also required to report to these headquarters any hostile movement in the direction of the Platte Valley road, or otherwise, coming within your knowledge.

If you agree to these instructions, I want it districtly understood that in case you fail to comply with them you will be considered as enemies, like the Cheyennes, and treated accordingly; but if you comply you will be considered as friends.

Reply. We agree to all, but want assurance that when you send out soldiers against the Cheyennes that we won't be molested. We are afraid you soldiers will not know us and may take us for hostile Indians and kill us. We also want to be allowed to remain on the south side of the Platte River to hunt our game. We cannot live without game, and there is none in the country north of the Platte, where we are allowed to hunt. We also want a white man with us to show you we intend to do as we have agreed, and in order to prevent us from being attacked by your soldiers, not knowing us. We now are gathering all our people together and will not allow any of them to scatter until this war is over between the whites and Cheyennes. Tere were some of our young men among the Cheyennes, but we ordered them home. All have now come, except 6 women who are married to Cheyenne men. We have not together 210 lodges and expect some more. We want to be told from time to time what is wanted of us to do. We want our goods distributed to us on the north side of the Platte, about 10 miles above this point, as we are so poor and our horses so few we cannot go to Fort Laramile to receive them. It would not pay us for our trouble, and if we do not go we are afraid you and our white brothers will think we mean to be hostile, which is not the case.

