
The COMMANDER. I cannot give you any assurance that your goods will be distributed where you want them, but will recommend it to be done this time; however, you must not think that it will be done because I say I will recommend it. The government wants to do what is best for you; they (Indians understand Government to mean the white people, acting together as one man) want you to live peaceably among yourselves and with your white brothers. Occasionally you will find foolish and bad white men that may want to make trouble with you. Do not mind them, but report them to these headquarters and they will be punished. I also want to warn you that any of your people found committing any depredation will also be punished,a nd should you fail to give such as commit any crime up when demanded you will be treated as enemies and punished as white men have been accustomed to punish you-for instance, as Harney treated you.

Reply. We have said we only wanted to know what to do and we would do it. We will do as you have said you want us.

We have some robes and pelties that we want to trade for food and clothes, and want traders allowed to go to our village, situated south of Plum Creek. Our agent, Major Lord, would not let any but one man trade with us, and that man had only a little goods for so many Indians, so we are bad off for many things; we were afraid to come on the road, as we heard you would kill us, so we now have ore to trade than we want to bring on the road and want traders.

The COMMANDER. I have no objections for a few good men to go trade with you, providing I can be satisfied these men will not trade you whisky.

By the COMMANDER:

Question. State what you know about the Cheyennes.

Answer. Cheyennes, Arapahoes, Kiowas, and Comanches had a fight with soldiers on Island Wood Creek; killed 2 officers and 1 soldier, and wounded 2 more that since died. Cheyennes lost 2 chiefs and 1 brave. Soldiers fought two days, then went south (fighting as they go) to Fort Lyon. There may have been more Indians. Cheyennes have killed 2 ranchmen on the Santa Fe road, and say they will kill all the whites on both the Platte Valley and Santa Fe roads, and we believe they will try to do so. They will fight as long as they can, then go south of the Arkansas River and escape.

Question. What do you think of the Cheyennes in making war on the whites?

Answer. We think they are fools, and will all be killed.

Question. Have you any more to say? I am done.

Answer. We are happy and glad to meet you and shake hands with our white brothers in token of friendship, to show them that our hearts are good. We wanted to come and see you long ago, but were afraid. When we got your invitation it made us all glad. Our wives and children and our head men cried for joy. So now we all shake hands with you as a token of our friendship and good felling.

[Here shaking of hands and, after that, smoking.]

The above is the substance of the conversation. There was much unimportant talk not deemed essential.

WASHINGTON M. HENMAN,

Indian Interpreter.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] FORT COTTONWOOD, June 10, 1864.

Major GEORGE M. O'BRIEN, Commanding:

In accordance with instructions from you, delivered on the 2nd instant, to proceed forthwith into the country of the Cheyenne and

