
Sioux Indians, and gather all information which would be of service to the Government in regard to impending hostilities between the whites and Cheyennes and other Indians, and, further, to collect a delegation of Indians from the Ogalalla and Brule tribes of Sioux, and bring them to this post for the purpose of holding a council, we herewith make the following report, which is respectfully submitted:

Our course from Fort Cottonwood was due south to Medicine Lake Creek, a distance of 30 miles, to a Sioux village, consisting of 40 lodges, where we secured the services of 3 braves as companions on the scout. From thence down Medicine Lake Creek (southeast) 65 miles, to its confluence with the Republican River; thence down the Republican River (east) 40 miles, to a point immediately opposite mouth of Plum Creek (on Platte), where the main Sioux village, consisting of 210 lodges, was found; thence north to the Platte, 40 miles; thence west 50 miles to Fort Cottonwood. The first day out, between this post and Medicine Lake Creek, we discovered Indians at a distance whose actions were suspicious.

The following day we proceeded down Medicine Lake Creek 30 miles, when we were suddenly surrounded by a party of about 20 Cheyennes, not, however, without us observing them first, but supposed them to be Sioux. Their actions were very hostile, they threatening and at the same time making efforts to kill us, but the interference of our Sioux friends, who assured them that we were not soldiers, but men who had had Sioux wives and lived in the country, saved us. We were allowed to depart, but strictly watched for the following night and day, when we reached the main Sioux village, and were well received, the Sioux expressing their indignation at such treatment to their friends.

We presented your letters of invitation to council to the principal chiefs, and the following day was fixed for their departure to the post. It is the impression of the Sioux generally that the Cheyennes and their allies will attack the settlements on the Platte at an early day, destroying all who may come within their reach, and at the same time supply themselves with horses, arms, and ammunition in order to prosecute the war more vigorously. The hostile Indians are camped on Island Creek, about 50 miles north of Fort Larned, and are supposed to number 1,200 lodges include Cheyennes, Arapahoes, Comanches, and Kiowas. They are generally well armed (the Cheyennes particularly) with good rifles and revolvers. For the past five yards the Cheyennes have been trading revolvers to fight the Pawnees. They procure large quantities of ammunition front he Mexicans on the Arkansas River. They design to divide, half going to the Platte River to destroy ranches, murder immigrants, ant take horses and mules; the other half of them doing the same on the Arkansas River. Then, if hard pressed, they will take their plunder and cross the Arkansas River, going south into the Apache and Comanche country. They have their spies out in every direction; they are met on the Platte traveling as Sioux, watching the movements of troops, that they may warn their friends of danger. Their scouts are on almost every creek. They are in the Sioux camp and are determined not to be surprised.

The Colorado Battery, in charge of Lieutenant Eayre, is supposed to have reached either Fort Larned or Fort Wise with the loss of only 6 men. When last heard from they were retreating south,

