
keeping up a running fight. The large guns are reported to have done no execution, none of the shells having exploded. They were loaded repeatedly with bar lead, cut into small pieces, and fired. The battery corralled on a plateau or high level prairie, 2 miles from water, where the Sioux report hem having fought two days. Were supposed to be short of ammunition. Two Cheyenne chiefs were killed and 1 brave. When the fight commenced runners were dispatched to the camps of the Arapahoes, Kiowas, and Comanche Indians, who were not far off. They have since consolidated. The Sioux were also sent for, but refused to join them. It is reported by many Indians that the Arapahoes also refused to join them. Nothing has been heard from any other expeditions that may be in the country.

ALFRED GAY.

JOHN W. SMITH.

CAMP CONBY, COLO. TER., June 19, 1864.

Lieutenant J. S. MAYNARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Colorado, Denver, Colo. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I arrived at this place at 2 this p. m. I have been on the march ever since I left Denver, at the same time scouting. I sent 50 men under Lieutenant dun out this morning, with three days' rations, as that is as long a time as we can take rations without packing, and we have no saddles. As I am very tired and not well, I will not give detail of march till to-morrow.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JOE C. DAVIDSON,

Captain, First Cavalry of Colorado.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 43. New Orleans, La., June 20, 1864.

* * * * * *

4. Brigadier General H. W. Birge, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the First Brigade, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, and will report for duty without delay.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. STEAMER LOUISVILLE,

Off Skipwith's Landing, June 20, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to send for your information the following, received from 17 paroled prisoners captured from the Lebanon and Clara Ames (cotton boats), and sent to be by Captain Baldwin, commanding the U. S. steamer Romeo: Burbridge is encamped

7 miles back and about 4 miles above the railroad which comes into

