
number on the defense of the La Fourche District? Can that naval force be increased or rendered more effective? The commanding general desires this information in view of the fact that without the aid of the navy the La Fourch District will not be safe if invaded by a large force of the enemy. The general requests an answer at your earliest convenience.

I am, commodore, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 162. New Orleans, La., June 20, 1864.

* * * * * *

3. The Fourth Massachusetts Battery, Captain George G. Trull commanding, will proceed without delay to Morganza, and be reported for duty to the commanding officer at that point, where it will receive the guns and equipments now in possession of Lieutenant Franck E. Taylor, commanding Battery L, First U. S. Artillery. The quarter-master's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

9. The One hundred and thirty-first New York Volunteers will proceed without delay to Morganza, and be reported for duty to the commanding officer at that point. The quartermaster's department will furnish immediate transportation for this regiment and for the battalion of the Ninetieth New York Volunteers now at Donaldsonville, and under orders for Morganza.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

O. MATTHEWS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORGANZA, June 20, 1864.

Captain CLINTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans:

General Grover's command got off last night to expel the enemy from Tunica Bend and ascertain what is doing at Fort Adams. The U. S. transport National passed here this morning from above and reports Fort Darling captured by Grant, and that severe fighting is going on about Richmond. I cannot ascertain what degree of credit is to be given to the report.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Morganza, La., June 20, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff, Gulf Department, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have been informed, though unofficially, that the troops of my division at this point are to be attached to the Nineteenth Corps, an arrangement which will be very satisfactory to me, and, as I believe, to the officers and soldiers of my command gener-

