
ally. I wish, however, in this connection, to call your attention to the fact that there is but one brigade, the Second, of my division here.

The composition of the First Division, in accordance with the last orders from Thirteenth Corps headquarters, is as follows:

First Brigade: Eleventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers, Eighth Indiana Veterans, Twenty-first Iowa Volunteers, Twenty-third Iowa Volunteers, and Thirty-third Illinois Veteran Volunteers, Ninety-ninth Illinois Volunteers.

Second Brigade: Sixteenth Ohio Volunteers, Forty-second Ohio Volunteers, One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Volunteers, One hundred and twentieth Ohio Volunteers, Seventh Kentucky Volunteers, Twenty-second Kentucky Volunteers, and Forty-ninth and Sixty-ninth Indiana Volunteers.

The regiments of the Second Brigade, with the Twenty-third Iowa, of the First Brigade, and the Thirty-seventh Illinois, of the Second, Herron's division, in all 3,500 men, are here, but the Forty-ninth Indiana Volunteers has just been ordered to New Orleans preparatory to being furloughed home. As to batteries, the First Wisconsin Battery also goes to New Orleans, while the other, the Second Ohio Battery, is unfit for the field in consequence of worn-out guns. Thus I will be left with only 3,000 infantry for the field and no battery.

The First Brigade is virtually broken up, is no longer under my control, being distributed at various points in the department-at Brashear City the Eleventh Wisconsin and Thirty-third Illinois Veterans, at Carrollton the Eighth Indiana Veterans and Ninety-ninth Illinois. The Eighteenth Indiana is at home and the Twenty-third Iowa here. I do not know if any of the first six regiments mentioned can be spared from their present positions, but if they can, I respectfully but most earnestly request that a sufficient number of them be sent me to make two brigades of 2,300 men each, and that the batteries which belong to the division be also ordered to report to me. The division would then be somewhere near 5,000 strong. If time and your convictions of duty will allow, permit me to request immediate attention to the subject of this communication.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, June 20, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the Ninety-seventh and Ninety-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry have been ordered to New Orleans from their respective stations, in accordance with your request of this day, to report to Major D. C. Houston, chief engineer of the department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

30 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT IV

