
DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, June 20, 1864.

Ho. EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose for your information two dispatches, Nos. 11 and 12, from M. M. Kimmey, U. S. vice-consul at Montery, both dated 21st ultimo, which I will thank you to cause to be returned to this Department.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 22, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, for his information.

By order of the Secretary of War:

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] U. S. CONSULATE AT MONTEREY, MEXICO, May 21, 1864.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 5th ultimo, also the accompanying circulares, Nos. 44, 45, and 46. The following review of the affairs of this Government I have obtained from the most reliable source and may be considered undoubted: Since my communication of the 14th instant, General Patonio has been ordered to remain at Durango instead of going General Doblado's forces; the object, to hold that place against the French, who are said to be preparing a force at Zacatecas for that point. Under date of April 27, General Urage writes to President Juarez, from Zapotan (State of Jalisco), that his forces are in perfect condition; that he is constantly harassing the French, and that all show the greatest enthusiasm in the contest against the invader. General Ortega is now in Somberete (State of Zacatecas) with 6,000 men. His cavalry give no rest to the French garrison at Fresnillo. General Patonio is fortifying Durango; he is raising new forces, and when joined by the troops from Chihuahua will move against the French at Fresnillo or Zacatecas.

In Fresnillo the French imprisoned the former deputy from that place, Dr. Jose Echeverria, who was ministro de hacienda when the French disgracefully broke the treaty of Soledad in 1864. It was not known for what reason he was arrested. In San Luis Potosi they also imprisoned, on Sunday, the 8th instant, Dr. Jose Maria Aguere, a distinguished person, and a minister in the time of Avista. It seems that they intercepted a letter from him to General Doblado, and for this the French general ordered his arrest.

General Doblado, with his force, was in the valley of Previssima; General Carvajal had joined him with 600 cavalry, and they were expecting to attack Matehuata. Four hundred men are said to have left Matehuata and went over to Doblado, shouting, "Viva la libertad!" "Viva la Republica!" In Matamoros two Frenchmen attempted to assassinate Governor Cortina; they were arrested and immediately shot.

