
From the City of Mexico we have papers to the 5th, and the Government have letters as late. The papers in favor of intervention were furious against the United States on account of the resolution of Mr. H. W. Davis, recently passed by the House of Representatives. They hopes the resolution would not be approved by the Senate, and considered it certain that the Americans would send a minister to the Emperor Maximilian. The forces of General Perfidio Diaz had defeated the French in Acatlan. Generals Alvarez, Pinon, and Seiva were raising new forces in the State of Guorreoro to work in combiantion with General Diaz. The French vice-consul from Matamoras is still under arrest here for sending information to the Frech minister at the City of Mexico.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. KIMMEY,

U. S. Vice-Consul.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] U. S. CONSULATE AT MONTERY, MEXICO, May 21, 1864.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: An American named Robertson or Robinson passed through here a few days ago for Guaymas or Mazatlan, on the Pacific coast. He had with him 5 men, all from Texas, where they had served in the rebel Army. The intention of the party was to seize one of the California steamers and run her out to sea as a rebel privateer. I have notified our consult at both places.

Since to return of General Banks' army to Alexandria, and the reported retreat of General Steele's forces toward Little Rock, the rebel traders here have taken new life, and are sending enormous quantities of goods to Texas through Eagle Pass and Laredo. The occupation of Brownsville has no effect in stopping the trade. Goods find their way into Texas as well by the upper river crossings as they formerly did through Brownsville.

There has never since the commencement of the war been a time when it was of so much importance to have the trade between the Mexicans and Texans closed as now. Supplies of all kinds go from here direct to the rebel army in Eastern Texas, and also into Arkansas, and while our generals are doing all int heir power to cut off their means of support in the East, they seem to be either neglecting or misunderstanding the value of this trade to the enemy. Although I have succeed in getting from the Government here an order to stop all goods contraband of war, and have no doubt but all goods found will be stooped, yet hundreds and thousands of pounds of power will find its way across the Rio Grande disguised as other goods. The only lead the rebels west of the Mississippi get comes from Mexico. The blockade of the frontier of Texas would do more good to our cause in Texas than an army of 10,000 men sent into the State.

The rebel army in Texas has been nearly all ordered to their eastern frontier. A close conscription has been ordered by General Magruder. It takes all from seventeen to fifty yards of age. The rebel army of Texas now amounts to about 38,000 men. Refugees still keep coming over the Rio Grande, and, with few exceptions, go

