
from here to Brownsville and join the U. S. service. Governor Vidauri is still at Laredo. Some of his principal officers are here in prison.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. KIMMEY,

U. S. Vice-Consul.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, June 20, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE:

SIR: I am directed by the commanding general to state, in reply to your communication of the 14th of May, that the horses of the cavalry regiments ordered to this city by paragraph III, Field Orders, Numbers 28, that are unfit for transportation, may remain at Brownsville, but the men must be forwarded by first boat.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., June 20, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE:

DEAR SIR: We, the undersigned, citizens of Pulaski County, Ark., resident in Eagle Township, having been encouraged to plant crops under the belief that we would be permitted to cultivate the same, are induced to make the following statement and offer the following petition: Our crops of corn and cotton are now in a very promising condition, and just int hat stage of advancement where they need constant attention, and should they be abandoned now it will not only result in serious loss to us, but to the community at large, as there will not be 20 percent. of the grain produced here which is necessary to support the people. The U. S. troops scouting in our neighborhood frequently seize horses, and thereby interfere seriously with farming operations.

Therefore we, the undersigned, believe and earnestly pray that you will grant us special protection for our farm stock. We do not wish to keep pleasure horses, but simply our farm horses; and anything that we can possibly spare to the Government in the way of stock or supplies we will most cheerfully contribute. We wish to withhold nothing from the support of the Government, being intensely anxious for the suppression of this rebellion. Any reference you may wish in regard to our loyalty we will, we think, be able to give. We only pray, general, that you will grant us protection for our farm stock, at least till we finish our crops, being willing to uphold and sustain the Government to the full extent of our ability.]

Respectfully,

JAMES PATY.

JOHN SANDERS.

JAMES CRAIG.

JAMES GRIFFIN.

T. B. MORRIS.

A. BARAQUE.

M. W. HEARN.

R. C. WALLS.

E. CONE.

T. B. COUCH.

I am pleased to state that the foregoing petitioners are true and loyal to the United States, being my former neighbors.

O. P. SNYDER.

