
duty as the exigencies of the service may require,and subject to further orders from these headquarters.

III. Captain N. M. Hubbard, provost-marshal, is specially charged with the prompt execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Herron:

WM. H. CLAPP,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., May 26, 1864.

Brigadier General F. STEELE, Pine Bluff, Ark.:

The following dispatch just received:

SPRINGFIELD, ARK, May 24, 1864.

General E. A. CARR:

I arrived at 11.30 to-day. Ryan is here. Geiger, from Clinton and Graves, from Austin, will be here to-night. Shelby's rear guard passed through Clinton night before last. The instructions given Colonel Ryan to hold on to his right flank have not been followed out, and it is now out of the question for me to pursue him from here. Shelby was going toward Batesville. A gun-boat at the White River might prevent his crossing. Devall's Bluff is now exposed, but I hardly think he will attempt that. If he can be kept from crossing White River he cannot get back across the Arkansas River. I hear that Cabell is trying to follow him. I cannot form any particular plans at present. Shall do so by this evening. Please send me by boat to Lewisburg without delay 15,000 rations-bread and pork, coffee and sugar. I would thank you to answer by telegraph.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Springfield is on the road from Lewisburg to Clinton, about half way. I shall not send boat to Lewisburg till I hear more. Have sent through to put up the telegraph. I have some doubts about Shelby's having gone through Clinton, as my last news from him was farther west. I am very much mortified that this expedition has not accomplished more, but you know that I sent out every mounted man I could raise to hang on the enemy and give me information, and that I started the infantry as soon as it appeared that the railroad was not the immediate object. I have to look out first for our ammunition.

I am somewhat apprehensive that Shelby may strike direct for White River, and cut off, or try and cut off, our boats on their way from Jacksonport. He could be joined by some of McRae's men, but ours with the gun-boats could give him a good fight. There is not much likelihood that he will do this, but I shall scout from the Bluff north to find out. Five hundred and twenty-five men and 550 horses of the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry arrived at Devall's Bluff this morning. The rest of the regiment is on the way. Now at the Bluff about 1,800 mounted and 900 dismounted men with six guns. Rumor came in this morning that 240 rebels crossed the river 30 miles below here on Tuesday, and that a courier had gone to McRae's, all from south side.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MAY 26, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE, Pine Bluff:

Lieutenant-Colonel Fuller has just come in. Left General West at Springfield yesterday afternoon. Shelby has certainly crossed

