HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., June 20, 1864.

Colonel W. H. GRAVES,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you move your brigade to the north side of the Arkansas River without delay. They will be supplied with one days' rations.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHESTNUT HILL, SALINE COUNTY,

June 20, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

DEAR SIR: Permit me to say to you that the home guard is an entire failure. Men are called from their farms to guard the little villages, whilst their homes are plundered by the bushwhackers, and no effort made to rid the country of these scoundrels. A Mr. Keaton, a good, loyal citizen, is now at my house. He was in the Enrolled State Militia last summer, and had been called on by Captain Potter, of the home guards, to watch Arrow Rock. Last Friday he was released and returned home. That night 10 bushwhackers came and robbed his house. He shot 1 of them through his neck-tie, which was left on the floor with much blood. He returned to Arrow Rock, but could not get any assistance to go with him in hunt of the scoundrels. I am seventy three years old and offered to go if they would turn out, but none would turn out.

We are in a bad state of affairs. Our county have bands committing depredations. The cry was that if the soldiers would leave we would protect the county. The truth is, Saline has but few strictly loyal men, not sufficient to protect themselves. If we cannot get protection, not one Union man will escape those scoundrels. I have suffered the two last years, and do not expect to escape this season. I have a faithful man living with me, who will assist in defending our rights to the last. Men are afraid to write the true situation of things, as they exist, for fear of the rebels. I am willing to hazard all for the good of my country. Please consider our situation.

Most respectfully, your most obedient and humble servant,

P. W. THOMPSON.

PILOT KNOB, June 20, 1864.

General EWING:

My scout on headwaters of Black River killed a bushwhacker. He was, I think, of Berryman's gang. Scout sent out by Major Wilson, from Patterson, reports all quiet in and around Van Buren. Shall I send that scout out under Major Wilson? I asked this Saturday, but suppose you were too busy to answer.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

