
ROLLA, June 20, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am advised by Union refugees from the neighborhood of Batesville, Ark., that Shelby is at Magness Ferry, on White River, 16 miles from Batesville, with a force estimated to number 2,000 men and four pieces of artillery. Shelby's men were generally well mounted and well armed at the time that my informant left, which was on the 5th instant. They were having their horses shod, and seemed to be making every preparation to move. They were conscripting all persons between the ages of fifteen and fifty, and stated they were coming north to destroy the Southwest Branch of the Pacific Road and to attack Rolla. Freeman is said to be on the head of Spring River, with from 200 or 300 men. I regard this information as reliable.

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., June 20, 1864.

Brigadier General O. GUITAR,

Commanding District of Rolla:

GENERAL: A dispatch from General Rosecrans directs me to consult with you with a view to being prepared to concentrate the trains between Rolla and Springfield, at such place as they can be best protected, as soon as we hear of a movement of Shelby in our direction. I suppose Lebanon to be a safer place than any other post between the two places. It might be safer to run them off into some by and obscure place. Have you any suggestions to make in regard to the matter?

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,St. Louis, Mo. June 20, 1864. (Received 9.15 p. m.)

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

SPECIAL ORDERS,Numbers 169.
* * * * * *

8. Colonel John S. Wolfe, One hundred and Thirty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, will move his command to Warrensburg, Mo., to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock. The men will have with them 100 rounds of cartridges each, in addition to the amount carried int heir cartridge-boxes. On arriving at Warrensburg, Colonel Wolfe will report his command to Brigadier-General Brown, who will post three companies at Osage bridge; two companies at Gasconade bridge, and two companies at Jefferson City. The cavalry which General Brown has under his command will be concentrated and held in readiness for any service that may be required of them. Colonel Myers, chief quartermaster, Department of the Missouri, will have transportation ready for the above regiment, so that it may proceed without delay. By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREEMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

