HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., June 20, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Commanding Third Sub-District:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that the available force, consisting of those present for duty equipped, of two companies of the Seventh Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, move without unnecessary delay, with camp and garrison equipage and ten days' rations, to Holden. On the arrival of the two companies of Seventh Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, at Holden, the two companies of the First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, now at that station, will move without delay to Mound Prairie Church and report for orders to Major Henry Neill, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, commanding. The officers in command of the detachment of Seventh Missouri State Militia will be instructed to afford the greatest possible protection to property belonging to, and to the workmen on the line of, the Pacific Railroad, and to carry out all previous instructions given to the command officer at Holden with reference to scouts and patrols.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS STATION,Germantown, Mo., June 20, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 19th instant, which came to hand this morning. In pursuance to Special Orders, Numbers 110, dated headquarters First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, Warrenburg, Mo., May 23, 1864, I was relieved of the command of the station of Clinton, and ordered to Germantown, where I moved on the 25th of May, 1864. There are, however, 20 of my men at Clinton, in charge of Sergeant Webster, as a provost guard for Lieutenant Williams. Captain Perry has patrols on the Osage; they report a few straggling guerrillas, but none in force. Any information received will be promptly forwarded with the greatest dispatch by Captain Peery, commanding this station.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. GOODBRAKE,

Captain, Commanding Co. B, First Cav., M. S. M., Germantown, Mo.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., June 20, 1864.

Brigadier General R. C. VAUGHAN,

Honorable JOHN A. S. TUTT, and others,

Lewington, Mo.:

GENTLEMEN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your petition asking for additional protection of your city, by stationing two or more companies of infantry at the post. The company at your place, with the co-operation of the citizens as heretofore, will, I have no doubt, be ample for the present time, and I have recommended through department headquarters additional measures

