
which, if complied with, will put your town and the country in a situation of safety. Every possible effort is being made to destroy the guerrillas in the country, as that will best afford to both town and country protection.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 20, 1864.

General FISK:

Report of capture at Parkville still doubtful. Considerable excitement at Wyandotte and Kansas City. Militia out. Reported fight in Sni Hills; 6 rebels killed; my troops pursuing in Missouri. Brown and Colonel Ford co-operating.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 20, 1864-4.25 p. m.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

Truman is a great liar and scoundrel and has given information a number of times as to the whereabouts of Quantrill, none of which has proved true. The present story is with the view of obtaining his release. I have troops camped at Morgan Waler's farm, who know every foot of ground in the vicinity, which has been thoroughly scouted three different times within the last three days.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 9. Saint Joseph, Mo., June 20, 1864.

The counties of Buchanan, Platte, Clay, Clinton, De Kalb, Andrew, Holt, Gentry, Worth, Nodaway, and Atchison will hereafter compose a military sub-district, to be designated as Saint Joseph District, with headquarters at Saint Joseph, Mo. Lieutenant Colonel D. M. Draper, Ninth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, is hereby assigned to the immediate command of the same. All returns and reports of troops (both volunteer and Enrolled Missouri Militia) will be transmitted directly to Lieutenant-Colonel Draper, as well as communications concerning matters of military interest within the limits of Saint Joseph District.

By order of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk:

GEO. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 20, 1864.

Captain COLLEY,

Ray County Enrolled Missouri Militia:

CAPTAIN: I am greatly pained to learn of outrages perpetrated upon quiet citizens be men of your command. This must at once cease. The best discipline should be maintained or you will drive

