
more men into the brush than your drive out. Let all who are at home remain there undisturbed, and do not allow your men to disarm any one except upon your order, for the best of reasons, unless found operating against us. I call your earnest attention to the importance of good order in your command.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

LEAVENWORTH, June 20, 1864.

(Received 8.37 a. m., 21st.)

Honorable A. LINCOLN:

Missouri is alive with bushwhackers, but it is believed that 2,000 can be concentrated on the border within two days. That they are proposing to overrun Kansas this summer there is no doubt. Tere are not 1,500 troops for duty in the State, and they are scattered, amounting to little more than a picket guard. Our militia laws are so defective that no efficient organization can be effected without additional legislation. We beg [you] to direct the proper authorities here to call out immediately 2,000 militia for eighty days, to be armed, equipped, and paid by General Government. Our people are greatly alarmed, and unless better protection is afforded at once may will abandon the State. Please answer.

GEORGE W. DEITZLER,

Major-General, Kansas Militia.

[Indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE MANSION, June 24, 1864.

The President directs me to refer the inclosed to the consideration of the honorable the Secretary of War.

JOHN HAY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KANSAS CITY, June 20, 1864.

(Received 1.45 p. m.)]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

I have just crossed the plains and am sure, from authentic information, that an expense Indian war is about to take place between the whites and the Cheyennes, Kiowas, and a band of Arapahoes. It can be prevented by prompt management.

H. D. WALLEN,

Major Seventh Infantry.

CONFIDENTIAL.] PARKVILLE, MO., June 20, 1864.

General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

DEAR SIR: The day your forces were over here a Union scout of 14, from Parkville, tracked the stolen horses to the rebel camp in Dr. Joseph Walker's pasture, near the head of Todd's Creek. They saw 2 horsemen riding rapidly from Dr. Walker's house toward the

