
line of the frontier is without any foundation. A letter written by a Mr. Hill, ex-member of the Legislature, residing at Glencoe, dated 16th instant, to Governor Miller, contains a very improbable statement based upon the report of a woman living with her family at Lake Addie, that an armed Indian had entered her house during the absence of her husband, asked for something to eat, and inquired particularly haw many troops were at the several stations in the neighborhood, &amp;c., after which he departed. The report seems to have frightened the people thereabouts, and it would be well to examine into the manner for the purpose of reassuring them.

Scout Weymouth, who is understood to be at Preston Lakes, might be intrusted with the duty of inquiring into the facts and making a proper report thereof. Two or three of the scouts appointed to accompany the expedition under Major Clowney, Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers, to build the post at James River, being residents at a distance from here, were ordered to report at Fort Ridgely on 22nd instant. Should they do so you will have them furnished by the quartermaster of the post with a serviceable horse each, and by the ordnance department with cavalry equipments, a carbine, accouterments, and ammunition, in accordance with the terms of paragraph VII of Special Orders, Numbers 137, from these headquarters, copy of which has been transmitted you.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., June 20, 1864.

Brigadier General ALRED SULLY,

Commanding Indian Expedition, in the Field:

GENERAL: Captain Fisk, assistant quartermaster, in charge of a train of emigrants from Minnesota to Idaho, will probably reach the Missouri River at the mouth of Grand River by the 25th of July. He proposes to follow up Grand River, and from the head of that stream strike across direct to the mouth of Big Horn. If the condition of your operations and your command be such as to render it practicable without prejudice to your proposed movements, I desire that you will have what you consider a sufficient escort to meet Captain Fisk on the Missouri, and accompany his train to the Yellowstone. Of course I don't intend this as an order, as you must yourself be the judge of the practicability, in view of your situation and your operations, of furnishing such an escort. At all events, please communicate with Captain Fisk at mouth Grand River by July 25 what you can do in the matter.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 44. New Orleans, La., June 21, 1864.

* * * * * *

2. The organization of the Thirteenth Army Corps having been temporarily discontinued, the troops of that corps not included in the

