
Mary's Parish, La.; Phanor Prudehomme, esq., Saint Mary's Parish, La.; John Blair Smith, Natchitoches Parish, La.; Colonel H. J. G. Battles, Caddo Parish, La.; Reuben White, Caddo Parish, La.

* * * * * *

"We must all help one another, and those who can be efficient in our cause must receive all necessary hospitably, aid, and information.

"J. B. PAGE."

* * * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

DE WITT CLINTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp, A. A. A. G.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Vicksburg, Miss., June 21, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Div. of West Mississippi:

I have procured very reliable information as to the condition of the railroad, and will make all arrangements for expediting whatever work can possibly be done at this place. Six miles of iron and a large number of railroad chairs will be needed at the very commencement of the work. I find it difficult to get details of good working parties at this post. The One hundred and sixty-first News York has arrived. i hear nothing from the others. Lieutenant Colonel U. B. Pearsall, Ninety-ninth U. S. Infantry (colored), and Captain G. W. Stein, Sixteenth Ohio Infantry, who were ordered to report, in Special Orders, Numbers 34, to me, have not arrived. Before commencing operations I find it will be necessary to have an order for the removal of a large number of contrabands, who are encamped and have built small buildings immediately in the way. If the order is sent to me, I will point out those who should be moved, and to what locality.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BAILEY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

U. S. NAVAL HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 148 Canal Street, New Orleans, La., June 21, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I am directed by Commodore Palmer to say to you, for the information of the commanding general, that the naval force in Berwick Bay and the waters adjacent thereto consists of three tin-clad gun-boats, mounting in all eighteen or twenty guns, consisting of smooth-bored 32-pounders, 24-pounders, howitzers, and two 20-pounder Parrotts. Another tin-clad, upon an emergency, can be placed in Berwick Bay.

Very respectfully,

S. R. FRANKLIN,

Lieutenant-Commander, U. S. Navy.

31 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT IV

