
met a Rev. Mr. Talcott, who desired him to go to me immediately, with the information that Shelby was near here with 1,500 men and six pieces of artillery. My command being too much exhausted to reach Hickory Plains that night, I halted soon after receiving this message and reported the facts as I had received them, stating in my dispatch that I would move here the next day and ascertain if the reports were correct, and was in the act of doing so next morning when I received your dispatch of the 20th, and advanced immediately to the place where the rebel camp was reported to be.

What has been termed my "falling back without fighting," was a rapid march, by the only practicable or possible route, to Hickory Plains, where the enemy was reported and supposed to be, from Searcy, where there was no enemy to fight at that time. I came here for the purpose of seeing if the enemy was here and engaging him, unless I should find him in overwhelming force. I could not cross the Cypress on the direct route to Hickory Plains, and the route by Austin was the only way I could reach this point and be able to give you reliable intelligence. Reports which called for the concentration of a heavy cavalry force at this point certainly justify this movement on my part.

Hoping that my conduct will be investigated immediately, I remain, your obedient servant,

WILLIS DRUMMOND,

Major Ninth Iowa Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., June 21, 1864.

Brigadier General C. BUSSEY,

Commanding Third Brigade, Seventh Army Corps:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you cause a reconnaissance to be made toward Jenkins' Ferry and Benton, on the Saline River, with a force of 200 men, properly officered, starting this evening or at the latest before daylight to-morrow morning; the main body advancing to the point where the roads diverge, and smaller parties advancing to the river or as near as may be.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. BURCHARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., June 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request that the Third Regiment Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, the Sixty-second Illinois Volunteer Infantry, the Eleventh Ohio Battery, now at Pine Bluff, also the One hundred and sixth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, now at Devall's Bluff, be ordered to this place. I make this request with a view of getting as much of the Second Division as practicable brought together. The division is now almost entirely detached and scattered,

