
will move in the morning with the transportation, camp and garrison equipage, and the balance of your command direct to Mound Prairie Church, and report to Major Neill. Captain Eads will not move until relieved by a detachment of the Seventh Regiment.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 21, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

I have sent an additional force of 50 men as escort of forage train to Quincy. You will please send force to meet and relieve them at that point.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

ROLLA, June 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Springfield:

My opinion is that all that can be done in the way of concentrating trains between this place and Springfield, in case their safety is threatened, will be to instruct the wagon-masters to reach the nearest station where there are troops, on information of such danger, as speedily as possible, falling back or advancing as circumstances may require, and if necessary and practicable returning either to this place of Springfield. If the trains are to be kept running I know of no means of adding to their security except by strengthening of telegraphic communication, important information will be communicated by special messenger. Have you any information of Shelby's movement?

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., June 21, 1864.

Brigadier General O. GUITAR,

Commanding District of Rolla.:

General Shelby had not moved from his camp near Batesville six days ago. I except to have full information of his movements or of his intentions in the course of a week, and will furnish you all the information I receive.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DETACH. FIFTH CAV., MO. STATE MILITIA,Salem, Mo., June 21, 1864.

[General O. GUITAR:]

GENERAL: My scout of 40 men returned from Shannon County. Did not see any rebels. It is rumored that there are some 4,000 rebels on the Warm Fork of Spring River. I don't think 'this re-

