HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., June 21, 1864.

General FISK:

All quiet below. Troops returning after scattering rebels out of Snibar Hills. Superintendent commenced line to Weston, which will be carried forward to Saint Joseph.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, June 21, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

GENERAL: I have direct intelligence from Parkville. The story of taking Wilson's men not true. Our people routed a rebel camp 8 miles north of there, where I have no doubt the plan was arranged for taking some of Wilson's men or their horses. But the movement of Major Hunt and the general excitement started the rebels from their hiding place. But the marks were fresh; they must have been fed by the neighbors, and there must have been from 40 to 50. It is the Winston and Walker neighborhood. Mrs. Winston was associated in the matter. What a pity Winston was not shot. The persons reporting to me and letters I have are very worthy of credence. I will send an aide over to see you. After you get through your arrangements, come over.

But do not come till you get through. Try to make a talk with the people. If you come before it may impair your influence with the Paw Paws. "Strategy, my boy; strategy." I am satisfied Quantrill is the leader, and his location may be found out if great skill be practiced. But he is not likely to be now where Truman told you, as my troops with Colonel Ford have just returned from a tour through that region. You must strengthen and infuse. You must have more militia and more loyalty in the militia lines. Have some of the sure men closely associated with he doubtful men. They do not like this, but you must give loyal men the reason for their doing this sort of double duty-fighting rebels and sneaks and taking the greater risks for their country. I have a bed for you and a glass of cold water.

Truly, your friend and comrade,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 21, 1864.

Captain CRANDALL,

Commanding at Brookfield, Mo.:

Deliver horses and saddles that were taken up by Truman to claimants when they prove ownership to your satisfaction, and when they establish their status as loyal men. Take receipts.

By order of Brigadier-General Fisk:

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

