HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 21, 1864.

GEORGE S. PARK, Esq., Parkville, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letters of June 14 and June 17, and to reply as follows: At these headquarters we are fully alive to the dangers that surround us and are working hard and constantly to counteract them. Everything that can be done will be done to prevent trouble. Your suggestions relative to the placing of more troops on duty will be acted upon as soon as practicable.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 21, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE W. ANDERSON, Louisiana, Mo.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that you will at once order the disbanding of Captain Hiram Baxter's company, now on duty at Louisiana, if in your opinion the interests of the service will permit it; and in case they are not disbanded, he orders their immediate removal from Louisiana to some other portion of Pike County which may be in need of their active service. You will make report of your action in the matter to Colonel J. F. Williams, commanding at Macon. Frequent and reliable reports of irregularities and unsoldierly conduct of the men of this company have reached these headquarters, and the general hopes no more complaint may be heard on this score.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

STEAMER EMILIE, Weston, June 21, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS, Leavenworth, Kans.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your valued letter of this date has been received. I would be glad to go over to the fort, and may do so before I return, but I assure you my hands are full and I must hasten to the other end of the district as soon as possible. The guerrillas are daily growing stronger, and I must hasten the organization of militia. I will do all I can for the people of this county. I have summoned 20 of the leading rebels of the county to meet me at my headquarters, and their lives, property, and honor (if they have the latter) shall be put in jeopardy for the safety of the persons and property of Union men. I have already adopted that plan in Clay County, and I believe it will work well. If I can't get over to the fort, will write you of my doings here. My family are all at the Patee House, and will be for some time. We must have a good old-fashioned family gathering. My love to the household.

Very truly, your friend and comrade,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

