
[Inclosure.]

CAMP COLLINS, COLO. TER., June 20, 1864.

His Excellency Governor EVANS:

SIR: I had the honor of receiving yours of June 16 last night, and in compliance with your request I have sent a detachment of 25 men of Company F, Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, in charge of Lieutenant James W. Hanna, to Camp Sanborn, and will send 25 men, under charge of Orderly Sergt. W. H. Sellers, to Denver, leaving here this evening. They will camp at Big Thompson until to-morrow evening. Should the detachment of men under charge of Orderly W. H. Sellers not be required at Denver you can send a messenger immediately with such orders as you may deem necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EVANS,

Captain Company F, Seventh Ohio Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., June 21, 1864.

Captain W. H. EVANS,

Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of yours of the 20th instant, inclosing one of His Excellency Governor Evans, a copy of which has been furnished to these headquarters by the Governor. As there is no immediate necessity for more troops at these headquarters, I would respectfully suggest that the 25 men referred to in your letter to the Governor as being now en route for Denver be ordered to report to the lieutenant in command of detachment sent to Camp Sanborn.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. MAYNARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., June 21, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Commanding Northwestern Military Expedition:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to state that he is without intelligence of your movements since 1st instant. No dispatches have been received from you advising positions of your troops, stage of water in Missouri River, advance of boats, progress of the transports, or condition of your command generally. On all these topics the major-general commanding desires the fullest information at the earliest possible moment. Should it appear that any of your dispatches have miscarried or are lost, they should be at once duplicated.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

