HEADQUARTERS NORTHWESTERN INDIAN EXPEDITION, Above Fort Pierre, Camp Numbers 14, June 21, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Department of the Northwest:

SIR: On my arrival here I found a camp of about 200 or 300 lodges of Sioux; they were a mixture of all the upper bands of Upper Sioux, Yanktonais, Two Kettles, Blackfeet, Minnecounjuous, Sans Arkcs, and Burles, also the warlike Uncpapas. They tell me they have come in agree ably to my treaty, to show that they are friends and to receive their annuity goods; that the rest of their bands have declared war against the whites, and that they are now united, about 1,800 lodges, or some 6,000 warriors, ready to give me battle, about three days' march west of the Missouri from the mouth of Heart River; that they are willing to make peace with me, provided I will quit the country and pay for the buffalo that have been killed by whites and for the wood consumed by steam-boats.

This information I also receive from scouts that I have. I therefore anticipate quite a serious engagement before I reach the Yellowstone. If I can succeed in giving these Indians a severe punishment, I think I will succeed in breaking the spirit of all the Indians now disposed to be hostile to the whites. They are perfectly aware, as well as our Government is, that his is their last hope; that if we succeed they will not have one foothold that they can claim their own, and that the whites, who are now coming into their country, will overrun it; and I have no doubt but that they will fight desperately.

The Indians that I have met here in council, though professing friendship, I have my doubts of; they are ready to take either side according to the success of my expedition, and there are many more now out who are waiting to see the result of my operations.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

ALFRED SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, July 5, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Halleck, for the information of the Secretary of War. Attention is invited to the fact that this report of General Sully corroborates all the information conceding the combination of the Sioux tribes on the upper Missouri River received at various times during the last four months and forwarded to General Halleck. Sully left Fort Pierre with his expedition (about 2,300 men) on the 23rd of June, and is no doubt by this time in the immediate vicinity of the combined Indian forces. His force is small for such an expedition, but I trust it is sufficient. It is certainly all that could be furnished to him from this department, and embraces two-thirds of the whole force in the department. The Missouri River is in good boating order, and there probably will be so difficulty in getting up stores for the new posts by water.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

32 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT IV

