HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., June 22, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your telegram of the 11th has been received. The reconstruction of the Vicksburg and Shreveport road will not require so much material from the East as I anticipated. There are rails enough here to complete the road to Monroe and build 30 miles beyond; the railroads east of the Mississippi will furnish nearly all that will be required for the remained of the distance. Three locomotives (of the same gauge) can be spared and move at once if the private traffic on the Opelousas road be discontinued. This will be done if necessary. I think there is enough material here to build all the locomotives and rolling stock that will be required. Skilled labor can be found among the citizens or in the troops, and the requisition that we shall have to make on the East, whether for labor or material, will not be large. The reconstruction of this road is necessary, if we attempt to hold the line of the Red river, and it will be far less expensive than any other form of land transportation. I put the river out of question, for they cannot be relied on, and were not before the commencement of the rebellion.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., June 22, 1864.

Rear-Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Commanding U. S. Mississippi Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 13th instant,* conveying the thanks of the Navy Department to officers and men of the army for assistance rendered the fleet at Alexandria, La. Copies of your dispatch to the Navy Department, the letter of the Secretary of the Navy, and your communication to me, I shall at once transmit to General Bailey, and the expression of the thanks of the Department will be communicated to the troops in a general order.

I am, admiral, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Vicksburg, June 22, 1864.

Major C. T. CHISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I find that there will be about 3,500 yards of bridging and mostly piling on the proposed line, and having ordered by two pile-drivers, I would suggest that two more be procured at New Orleans; also that a few 8-horse power portable engines by procured in New Orleans for use in connection with the pile-drivers.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

J. BAILEY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 222.

---------------

