
Subsistence for troops in campaign will be limited to the essential articles of bread and meat, and a reduced amount of the small rations. When they can be provided, bacon and hard bread will be taken in preference to their equivalents, and the resources of the country in which they are to operate must be considered in determining the quantity of supplies to be taken. The number of rations to be carried in the haversacks will be determined by circumstances, but the troops will habitually have on hand three days' cooked rations, so as to be in readiness to move at any moment.

The land transportation in every command will be put in perfect order, and commanders will make their preparations in accordance with the conditions above stated. Water transportation will be held in reserve, in accordance with the special instructions already given, and the troops intended for the field will be held in readiness to move at any moment and in any direction. To meet the enemy upon equal terms we must submit ourselves to the condition and circumstances under which he acts. To do this, everything that does not tend to increase the fighting force, or which is not essential to efficiency and rapidity of movement, must be abandoned; and the commanding general believes that the troops who have given so many evidences of valor, fortitude, and endurance will cheerfully submit to any temporary privations that may be necessary to insure the success of the cause in which we are engaged.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIV., OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 5. Natchez, Miss., May 23, 1864.

The depot for supplies of all troops operating west of the Mississippi, south of Arkansas River, and north of Port Hudson will be established at Vicksburg, Miss.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 23, 1864.

Colonel S. B. HOLABIRD,

Chief Quartermaster:

COLONEL: I am directed by the commanding general to acknowledge the receipt of General Roberts' letter and your indorsement. The Twentieth Regiment, Corps d'Afrique, is ordered to report to Major-General Reynolds, commanding Defenses of New Orleans, and will not return to Texas. Pass Cavallo is to be evacuated, and you will furnish transportation as rapidly as possible to carry out the orders to this effect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

