
orders being impossible, and such being the views of General Grant and myself, I desire to know if the War Department wishes to assume the responsibility of ordering any, and, if so, what part, of the infantry here to be sent to General Canby.

W. S. ROSECRAN,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, May 26, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Care General Washburn, Memphis, Tenn.:

Yours, dated 18th, off mouth of Red River, received. You ask that from 4,000 to 6,000 infantry be sent you from this department. Reports on file at the War Office when you left for your command showed that, including militia and negroes, we have less than 2,200 infantry in this department. Of this number, four companies of veteran [reserve] and ten of militia are unserviceable, giving only some 1,500 available, stripping the entire department and exposing all our depots. This comes at the same time with a dispatch from Steele informing that Shelby has crossed the Arkansas at Dardanelle, with infantry and artillery enough to sweep this State.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FORT SMITH, ARK., May 26, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The river is rising rapidly. Rose 3 feet last night. There is every indication that it will be navigable through June. Now is the time to get supplies to this post. I have telegraphed Colonel Haines and Parsons to send a fleet of light-draught steamers loaded with commissaries and forage to this post. This will be our last chance to get any, except by land transportation. Forage in this section is exhausted. I respectfully but earnestly ask you to cause the boats to be sent with the supplies. You will render us a very great public service, which we will all most fully appreciate. Generals Maxey, Cooper, Gano, and Stand Watie were uniting to march on this post when I returned here, which frustrated their plans. My line of fortifications is nearly completed, with rifle-pits and abatis, which will make the place impregnable. We ought to get supplies here now for eight months.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PILOT KNOB, May 26, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I sent a scout after 2 guerrillas last night. Got their horses, but they could not be found. I think they were stopping in the woods somewhere. My mail was taken between this and Patterson. There were 2 men with it; they were both robbed and released. I have a scout after the rebels.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

