
MORGANZA, LA., June 22, 1864.

Captain DE WITT CLINTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, New Orleans, La.:

General Grover returned last night with his command. He did not find the earth-work reported by Captain Ramsay. The battery at Tunica Bend had gone, before he landed, in the direction of Clinton. At Woodville only a provost guard; at Clinton, 4,000 to 5,000 men, and a part of these under orders or actually moving to operate on the Vicksburg and Jackson Railroad. He found cattle and corn plenty in the vicinity of Tunica Bend and Fort Adams, but no serviceable horses.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, June 22, 1864.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding U. S. Forces on the Rio Grande:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 15th instant, I have the honor to state that the major-general commanding directs that you send the regiment lately stationed at Aransas Pass to New Orleans by first opportunity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., June 22, 1864.

Colonel W. D. GREEN,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dept. of Ark., Little Rock, Ark.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to be inclose letter* from the provost-marshal-general of the department to my district provost-marshal, marked A, which states that the commanding general orders that a certain license given by the provost-marshal of the post of Little Rock be revoked at once, and the establishment remain closed till there is no indication what other authority than that of the post commander is necessary to license a drinking saloon.

On a former occasion a license was ordered to be revoked because the provost-marshal-general had given a monopoly to certain persons for one month, on payment of a fee of $100, but he states in his letter to you on that subject (copy* inclosed, marked B) that it is his intention, when that month has expired, to transfer that business to the local provost-marshal. In your indorsement on that letter, by order of the major [general] commanding, you direct that no more licenses by given till the expiration of the month. That month having expired on the 11th instant, commander of the post of Little Rock, with every sanction, directed the local provost-marshal to issue licenses to suitable persons to carry on business in the city, with the especial caution that the fees should be put as low as possible.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

