
As the letter marked A is signed by one of the staff officers of the commanding general, and states that it is by his order, I am, of course, bound to obey and observe it; but I would greatly prefer to receive orders signed by an officer of the adjutant-general's department or aide-de-camp. I have no desire to contend for the privilege of licensing rum-shops, but it strikes me that it is a sort of business which naturally falls in the province of the local commander and provost-marshal; and I cannot understand why the provost-marshal-general of the department should trouble himself about it, except so far as to exercise a general supervision. I do not know that he conducts the local business at any other place in this department.

I believe in free trade-a trade as free as is consistent with good order and the interests of the United States. In my opinion, the fees exacted for licenses and the monopolies given to individuals cause hardships to our officers and soldiers by making them pay high prices. I do not know what is done with the money paid in as fees, but see that some of it is used in making permanent improvements in the city (grading sidewalks, &amp;c.), which are of no value to the army, and the expense of which should be borne by property owners and not by our troops. I have directed the local officers to collect not more money than is necessary to preserve the health of the city, and propose to encourage trade within the lines and enforce reasonable prices.

Having received no orders defining what authority was competent to grant permission to do business in the city of Littel Rock (except your indorsement on the letter marked B, which applies only to the month ending June 11), I took for granted that it was my duty to have that matter properly regulated, and gave instructions to the local commander accordingly. If, however, his licenses are likely to be revoked, and if I have no authority over the matter, is seems that much of my power to regulate this part of the district is destroyed, and I am therefore of opinion that it will be altogether best for the whole business to be left in the hands of the local officers, subject, of course, to supervision by higher authority. The provost-marshal-general would still be able to exercise al necessary control. I would be glad, at any rate, to be officially informed what authority is the proper authority to post licenses in this city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, HICKORY PLAINS,June 22, 1864-5 a.m. (Via Brownsville.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The scout under Lieutenant-Colonel Knight, sent out yesterday in a northerly direction, reports no enemy. I think what forces were here have retreated across White River. A detachment of the Tenth Illinois reached here yesterday morning, and a detachment of the Eleventh Missouri yesterday afternoon. I shall move northward this morning.

M. M. TRUMBULL,

Colonel, Commanding.

