
LEWISBURG, June 22, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Scouts in from Norristown and Galla Rock. All quiet on the river. Small squad of rebels seen opposite Galla Rock. None in Dardanelle. Lieutenant Carr is on scout to Dover; will return by Glass Village and Point Remove Creek.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding Third Arkansas Cavalry.

PINE BLUFF, June 22, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

An escape prisoner named John Dudley, Company H, Third Missouri Cavalry, came in from Warren to-day. He reports that General Fagan is north of the Saline in the direction of Tyro. A brigade of infantry had marched to join him. Warren was occupied by only one company.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, June 22, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The First Nebraska, a part of the cavalry sent out from here, have returned. Could learn nothing of the whereabouts of Shelby. No force in vicinity of Des Arc or Hickory Plains.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., June 22, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of the Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 15th instant Captain Greene Durbin, quartermaster of this district, sent the steam ferry-boat J. R. Williams, with my approval, to Fort Gibson, for the purpose of transportating quartermaster's stores and bringing back to this post a load of salt and lime. Messrs. McDonald and Fuller, contractors for furnishing goods to the Indians in the Cherokee Nation, under my advice forwarded a lot of Indian goods by the same steamer to Fort Gibson. Being bound by orders from the War Department to furnish military protection to Messrs. McDonals and Fuller, in the transmission of their supplies to the Indians, I preferred that they should send these goods by steamer rather than send an escort by land.

An escort consisting of 1 sergeant and 24 privates, under the command of Second Lieutenant Horace A. B. Cook, Company K, Twelfth Kansas Volunteer Infantry, was placed on the boat. The boat having proceeded up the river about 70 miles, was fired upon by three

