
indicate stupendous frauds in General Banks' command, at Vicksburg, and on the Mississippi River generally. General Canby proposes a very general change of commanders, and for this purpose nearly all general officers not in actual command have been sent to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,June 22, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Since Major Hay's departure, bearing my letter about the secret conspiracy we have been tracing out, we have added much information of its Southern connections, operations, uses, and intentions. We have also found a new element in its workings, under the name of McClellan minutemen. The evident extent and anti-national purposes of this great conspiracy compel me to urge the consideration of what ought to be done to anticipate its workings and prevent the mischief it is capable of producing again upon your attention. Therefore I have sent the report of Colonel Sanderson, with the details of evidence, covering 1,000 pages of foolscap, by himself, to be carried or forwarded to you by safe hands. That report and its accompanying papers show:

First. That there exists an oath-bound secret society, under various names, but forming one brotherhood, both in the rebel and loyal States, the objects of which are the overthrow of the existing national Government and the dismemberment of this nation.

Second. That the secret oaths bind these conspirators to revolution and all this consequences of murder, arson, pillage and an untold train of crime, including assassination and perjury, under the penalty of death to the disobedient or recusant.

Third. That they intend to operate in conjunction with rebel movements this summer to revolutionize the loyal States if they can.

Fourth. That Vallandigham is the supreme commander of the Northern wing of this society, and General Price, of the rebel Army, the supreme commander of the Southern wing of the organization; and that Vallandigham's return was a part of the programme, well understood both North and South, by which the revolution they proposed was to be inaugurated.

Fifth. That this association is now and has been the principal agency by which spying and supplying rebels with means of war are carried on between the loyal and rebel States, and that even some of our officers are engaged in it.

Sixth. That they claim to have 25,000 members in Missouri, 140,000 in Illinois, 100,000 in Indiana, 80,000 in Ohio, 70,000 in Kentucky, and that they are extending through New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, and Maryland.

Besides which prominent and general facts, the names of members, mode of operating, and other details appear fully, showing what a formidable power and what agencies for mischief we have to deal with.

With this synopsis of the report, it is respectfully submitted, with the single remark that whatever orders you may deem best to give,

