
[Inclosure.]

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Rolla, Mo., June 22, 1864.

E. R. Baily, being duly sworn, deposes and says: I reside in Maries County, 12 miles north of Rolla. I enlisted in Company A, Thirty-second Missouri Infantry, at Rolla, Mo., in the summer of 1862. We were first sent to Benton Barracks, Saint Louis, Mo. From there we went to Haynes' Bluff, 12 miles above Vicksburg. We then came to Arkansas Post; remained there until the post was captured; then went to Napoleon. On or about the 17th day of January, 1863, I deserted, in company with three young Greys, who lived near Rolla, Ben. Ellison, some of the Hart boys, some 12 or 13 in all. I was taken sick at a little town in Arkansas, 25 miles from Little Rock; was sick nearly two months; came near dying. When I recovered I was in debt. I hired to work, and worked until the 1st of August. I then came to Freeman's command.

The reason I joined Freeman was that I came to conclusion that the Government was trying to free the negroes. I did not feel like fighting for any such purposes. I was in the Baker Hill fight, on Warren's Creek, and the Jacksonport fight, and the Colony fight. The Colony fight was on the 22nd day of April, 1864. I got my horse killed there. I have never been higher up in Missouri than Thomasville since I joined Freeman, until I started home, the 11th day of June, 1864. I got a furlough from Lieutenant-Colonel Love, commanding regiment, on that day, for twenty days, and started home on foot. I left alone; brought no arms with me. Started to see my family. I have wife and two children; have not seen them since some time in September, 1862. I was captured near Saint James, Mo., on the 19th of June, 1864, by some of the Third Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

Freeman was camped when I left on the South Fork, some 35 or 40 miles southwest of West Plains, Mo.

He was not in camp when I left. He had about 400 men with him. Some 300 of these mounted; average horses in good condition. The rest of his band was southeast in the swamps. A battalion under Major Fristoe belongs to Freeman's command. Freeman's regiment and this battalion amount to between 1,200 and 1,500. I heard Shelby was at Batesville when I left, with about 3,000 men. We had been camped on the South Fork but a few days when I left. Went there from Currant River, 12 miles from Pocahontas. We left the Currant River about the 1st of June. I heard Marmaduke was this side of Little Rock about the time I left Freeman. I also heard Price was in Little Rock.

E. R. BAILY.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 22, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I left Saint Louis June 20, and reached Jefferson same afternoon. Inspected Companies H and I, Fourth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, June 21, and came on to Sedalia in the afternoon, intending to inspect there, but finding a concentration of Colonel Hall's regiment in progress, proposed deferring it until the concentration was completed. I came to this place to-day, and shall commence the

