
inspection to-morrow. I am of the opinion that the garrison at Jefferson should consist of at least three companies of infantry and one of cavalry, and that there should be a company of infantry at each of the important railroad bridges over the Gasconade, Osage, and Lawrence. That would relieve two companies of Colonel Hall's cavalry for duty westward, where they are, in my opinion, more necessary. General Brown reports five scouting parties out from this immediate command to-day, one returning from the southwest this evening. He also intimates a general combined movement of his troops, north and west of this, from various points. The guerrillas appear very quiet and seem contemplating some new move, which General Brown is endeavoring to discover. His command appears to be active. He informs me he has reported all the positive information he has up to date.

J. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Inspector-General, &amp;c.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., June 22, 1864. (Received 8.20 a.m.)

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

Did you mean by your telegram last evening that the troops under Major Pritchard were to remain at Raytown or return to their former stations, as I had recommended? Please answer as soon as possible.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding, &c.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 22, 1864-8.30 a.m.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Pleasant Hill, Mo.:

Regimental headquarters will remain at Pleasant Hill and the troops will be kept constantly in the field hunting guerrillas. As you represent the Snibar Hills as being full of guerrillas, Major Pritchard's command will be of more service there than at Kansas City.

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., June 22, 1864. (Received 9.30 a.m.)

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Three deserters from the rebel army are here to work on the railroad. They have taken [the oath?]. I don't consider it good plan to let such men go into the brush to work. They will do all they can against us. We have too many [of] that same kind already there. Shall I let them go to work?

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, &c.

