
WARRENSBURG, MO., June 22, 1864-9.45 a.m.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Pleasant Hill, Mo.:

As a general rule the general commanding will not permit returned rebels to reside in the district unless they give good and ample security.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., June 22, 1864.

Captain G. W. SQUIRES,

Calhoun Citizen Guards, Calhoun, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: The commanding general directs me to instruct you to increase the company of Calhoun citizen guards to the largest possible number of good, reliable, loyal citizens, who will act with you for the common defense. You will strike from the rolls of your company the names of al persons who, from being rebels, insubordinate, mischief-makers, want of integrity of character, or who from any other cause endanger the peace of the country or the harmony that should prevail in the community. You will require that all persons who have arms that have been issued to them, and are not considered worthy to be members of the Calhoun citizen guards, shall deliver them to you to be issued to worthy men. You will make requisition for additional arms and ammunition so as to place your company in a condition for efficient service.

The commanding general directs me further to say that he expects by a joint effort of all good men, by your firmness and good sense, that you will be able to protect the people and harmonize their differences. When your reorganization has been made, you will report to these headquarters direct for further instructions. The commanding general directs me to inform you that he shall make every possible effort to give you a direct military protection as soon as the people of Calhoun will cease their exertions to demoralize the troops by giving them whisky and other intoxicating drinks, and the situation of the country will, in the opinion of Major-General Rosecrans, admit of the distribution of the troops. In his opinion your town has been the subject of a guerrilla raid from the disaffection in your midst, created by bad me for bad purposes, and he hopes that the lesson, so fatal to your property and lives, will have sufficient influence, with the exertions of the good men, to effectually heal your differences.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 22, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I am just in from a visit to Platte County, where I convened the substantial citizens, and trust I have enlisted them in a combined movement, civil and military, against the outlaws. I am quite apprehensive

