HDQRS. COMPANY E, SIXTH CAV., MISSOURI VOLS.,Camp near Pilot Knob, Mo., May 26, 1864.

Colonel J. F. TYLER,

Commanding Post, Pilot Knob, Mo.:

COLONEL: In compliance with orders received from post headquarters, I took 10 men and proceeded to Saint Francis bridge, on Fredericktown road, for the purpose of arresting one George Downs and Mr. Patterson. After a diligent search I returned to Pilot Knob, succeeding only in capturing their horses, which I found at old man Downs'. It is evident that they are in that neighborhood, but I could find no person that had seen them or even knew of them being in that section of the country. The horses I have, and shall wait your orders.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. FRAKER,

First Lieutenant Company E, Sixth Cav., Missouri Vols.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 26, 1864.

General E. B. BROWN,

Kansas City:

It is reported that Moore's company [retreated] from Wellington, chased by 5 guerrillas. Such disgraceful conduct cannot be too severely reprimanded. See that the matter is properly investigated and report the result. Warn your troops that stupidity and cowardice will meet no favor from these headquarters.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Referred to Colonel J. McFerran, for immediate investigation and report.

KANSAS CITY, MO., May 26, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Mail was robbed between Warrensburg and Pleasant Hill 24th instant. All mail from department headquarters of 22nd and 23rd instant was lost.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, MO., May 26, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Twenty-five guerrillas attacked an escort for forage wagon on Little Blue, the 23rd, killing 1 man and severely wounding another. They captured and partially burned the wagon and shot the mules. One guerrillas killed. They also cut the telegraph between Pleasant Hill and Warrensburg, carrying away 200 feet of wire. A scouting party Second Colorado killed 2 guerrillas on the 24th. They are becoming more numerous. This makes more to be killed. I regret to have to say that Quantrill was not killed.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

