
of serious troubles in the border counties. I shall return to Saint Joseph to-night and go at once to the eastern portion of the district. Will visit Louisiana and give personal attention to the correction of militia evils in that locality.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Platte City, June 22, 1864.

[General C. B. FISK:]

GENERAL: I am just informed that Captain Snyder's company from Arnoldsville came into New Market on yesterday and behaved in such a manner as cannot be tolerated. They entered the town about 10 a.m., and commenced by tearing down some notices I had posted there calling upon the citizens to come out and act against the bushwhackers and thieves that infest our county. They then went to the house where the arms, &amp;c., were stored, belonging to the company that had been on duty there, and took what they wanted. During the time they were very abusive and threatening toward the citizens, and particularly so toward the militia organization in this county. After leaving town they searched several houses, rummaging about and insulting any persons they came in contact with. General, I state the above upon the authority of Captain Osborn and Lieutenant William Downing, whose signatures are annexed.

Now, general, how am I to restore or keep the peace when such conduct as this is permitted? There is no use disguising the fact that if these men are allowed to thus enter our county and conduct themselves we can have no peace. But enough of that company. You surely know by this time their worth as peacemakers. And now for my friends at Ridgeley. These men are conducting themselves very badly. They are foraging off the country and pressing arms, and pretty much all else that is wanted, so I am informed. Now, general, I do not wish to come in collision with either of these parties, nor with any other who wears the livery of the Union, and for that reason I appeal first to you. Give all parties to understand that they must change their conduct. Let the Arnoldsville company know that they are not to come into our county only on legitimate business, and that they must respect the rights of both citizens and soldiers; and let the Ridgeley company know what that they will have to account to me, as commander of the county, for any excesses into which they may run. General, please give immediate attention to these matters.

I am, yours, &c.,

J. M. CLARK,

Major, Commanding Platte County.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 22, 1864.

Major J. M. CLARK,

Platte City, Mo.:

MAJOR: I desire to impress upon you again the great and increasing responsibility resting upon [you] in the discharge of your duties as military commander in Platte County. I think I understand the

