
difficulties now pretty well, and I believe that you do. I enjoin upon you that of the new troops you put on duty not one of them, officer or man, must be from the number who have heretofore been in the rebel service. We may admit that there are many of that class who are now good and true men, yet their presence on duty in the neighborhood of those who know their antecedents causes an irritation in the public mind that I have not the time or inclination to discuss with complainants. You must save both myself and yourself the perplexity of meeting such complaints.

I believe that the substantial men of Platte County are going to roll upon their sleeves and give material aid in driving out the villains who will, if not soon driven out, bring swift and sure destruction upon all. Life and property will be worth nothing. Chaos and anarchy will be supreme. Let us save our border from the threatened calamity, if possible. The more difficult the duty the greater will be the satisfaction of having accomplished that which will give peace, good order, and security to our distracted neighborhood. The western question is indeed a vexed one. Still, I trust that Colonel Draper will solve it. Our people must be yielding and conciliatory on both sides. To do this there need be no sacrifice of principle, not in the least.

Let us all throw water on the flames, which, if not speedily smothered out, will burn us out. We will throw stones in each other's gardens afterward. Your men of wealth, character, and influence must rise above all personal quarrels; forget even the rapidly vanishing African, and not stop to chant funeral anthems over our institution, killed by the rebellion. Let not the agonies of expiring slavery cause us to forget the future, which will yet be bright in liberty and union if all do their duty. I am of the opinion that your force will need strengthening from Farley to the Clay County line. Captain Wilson has too few men. Re-enforce him with such as will harmonize, if possible. New Market needs prompt attention. Union men must not be driven from their homes. I shall hold the rebel sympathizers responsible in their liberty (personal) and their property for the personal security of their loyal neighbors. I shall be glad to hear from you very often. Press on with energy and determination and give us a good account of your administration.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

BROOKFIELD, June 22, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph:

GENERAL: I have conversed with Captain Crandall as to his course and the course of his men here, and believe the facts to be that his men are as good as can be found in this country, temperate and earnest. They have undoubtedly killed 3 or 4 of the bushwhackers who entered Laclede, and in ferreting them out have visited some disloyal families, and no doubt in the hurried and arbitrary searches they have had to make their acts may have seemed rough. While on scouts, and to some extent for camp purposes, the disloyal have been required to provide for the militia. All these things will inevitably create disturbances, as you know no men now live about here

