
who will not swear that they are "good Union men," and there is a large class who are probably at heart Union men who have no positive character, and who would indorse the loyalty of the devil.

In fact, these men have many of them been allowed to live in the country heretofore for the purpose of indorsing the Unionism of the disloyal, and helping them out when in trouble. Their own "conservatives" can't help looking on all these men as friends who will help them at the polls next fall, and they must be protected. I am told that even Colonel Williams has said rather than go into a war to exterminate bushwhackers and rebels he would recognize the Southern Confederacy. To my mind, general, the time has fully come to set to work in earnest to exterminate all bushwhackers, and I think soon, if not now, this should also be extended to those who cheerfully aid and harbor them.

I am satisfied from my own experience that compelling the disloyal to foot the bills and furnish supplies, so that they shall, as far as possible, feel in their own pockets the effect of these disturbances, is the most effectual way to secure their earnest co-operation to put a stop to such troubles.

If allowed, Mr. Crandall will do this, and do it as judiciously as any man you can find, but to suppose that it can be done without complaint is futile. There may be a howl even from a certain class of Union men. Do you believe this marauding can be stopped without pursuing such a course? Captain Crandall knows how every man stands all through this country. It is not guesswork, but much of it knowledge derived from written testimony and confessions taken when he was provost-marshal. I am sure he won't act without good reasons. I feel sure you will fully sustain him in all he does, unless he wants to go farther than you feel you can be yourself sustained. I found him this morning inclined to feel that you were giving too much heed to the complaints of such as must be expected to complain if anything effective is done, or if what is done is not done by their clique. I have told him you had very properly referred complaints to him to keep him posted, that he might be on his guard.

Yours, truly,

J. T. K. HAYWARD.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Denver, Colo. Ter., June 22, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department:

SIR: I have information from various reliable parties, received since my last, of the running off of stock at different points on the line of our settlements from the Arkansas to the Platte River. I inclose copy of letter, which is from a most reliable man 130 miles down the Platte, which is a sample of and in correspondence with the other reports. All these hostile bands, as my scouts, from having followed their trail as far as safe in that direction, and every other report received corroborates, run to the headwaters of the Republican, where they doubtless have a hiding place or camp of protection against pursuit. I had supposed that the information I have given you was sufficient to satisfy you that this Indian war is no myth but a terrible reality to a community situated as we are, so exposed and so far from our base of supplies, with a scarcity of subsistence already.

