
But your suggestions to Superintendent Lane, which he has communicated to me, leave me to doubt your realization of what I am so thoroughly convinced of now, and of which I have been troubling you so often. I am quite sure that the Minnesota horrors have only been spared a re-enactment by the timely notice we have had of this hostile alliance. A part of the evidence on file in my office, and which has been forwarded to Washington and Saint Louis last winter, was not sent you as I supposed; what I did send, with assurance of my confidence in it, would be sufficient. The carrying out of the plan then proposed, as reported in my letter of the 28th day of May, satisfies me that the Indians mean war, and I again respectfully ask that Colonel Chivington may be ordered to put forces after the hostile Indians from this side; that forces also be sent after them from the Kansas frontier, which is exposed; that General Mitchell properly guard the line on the Platte River and overland stage route, for which I understand he has sufficient forces, and then chastise and bring to terms these formidable foes. The Indians are doubtless co-operating with some Mexicans referred to in accompanying papers to my letters of the 28th of May and 16th instant, on the Cimarron and Red Rivers.

If you have evidence that my information of Indian hostilities and alliances for war are not well founded, I shall be most happy to be informed of it; yes, to satisfy me that I am mistaken will be the greatest favor you can confer upon me and the people of Colorado generally. But how any evidence can disprove the facts which are furnished I am at a loss to perceive, and how the multiplied and numerous assurances from friendly Indians, Indian traders, and people who suffer, and our troops, who have had several engagements with them, being attacked in nearly every instance, can fail to prove out dangers, I am at a loss to understand. I write earnestly, for until my interview with Mr. Lane I had no suspicions that you in any way doubted the assurances of our danger. As requested, I shall from time to time furnish you with such reliable evidence only of either danger or its absence as may come to my knowledge.

In the mean time, general, believe me to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

[Inclosure.]

AMERICAN RANCH, COLO. TER., June 14, 1864.

His Excellency JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory:

DEAR SIR: Having finally become uneasy at the repeated presence of Indians near my place, I have thought proper to inform you of the fact. I speak from personal observation, as I have been disposed to think the principal part of the seeing of Indians within 3 or 4 miles of here the result of frightened imagination. So yesterday started out, thinking to kill an antelope. When about 3 miles from home, suddenly was about 16 Indians riding furiously toward me. I immediately started for home, they pursuing and firing upon me repeatedly; but having a good horse, I made my escape unharmed.

33 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT IV

