
I think if there were troops stationed along the road it would give a feeling of greater security to both settlers and emigrants. Our lives and property appear to be in great danger.

Hoping you will think of this, I remain, very respectfully, yours,

WM. A. KELLEY,

American Ranch, Colo. Ter.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., June 22, 1864.

Major JOHN CLOWNEY,

Commanding Detachment en route to Fort Ridgely:

MAJOR: The scouts appointed to accompany you left Fort Snelling last evening under the charge of P. Bottineau, their chief, with orders to report to you at Fort Ridgely. They will be retained in the service until further orders from these headquarters; but in case any of them are derelict in the discharge of their duty, or prove otherwise insubordinate or worthless, you are authorized, of course, to dismiss them. The intention is to keep them on daily in examining the country, as well on the march as while the buildings at Fort Wadsworth are being constructed, so that they may give timely warning of the proximity of Indians. It may be also that they will be required later in the season to communicate with the returning expeditionary forces dispatched from this district to join the command of Brigadier-General Sully. The teams to convey the supplies for your expedition, &amp;c., are now being laden as rapidly as possible, and will probably leave for Fort Ridgely not later tha to-morrow.

Everything should be in preparation to leave forthwith upon their arrival. Captain Overton, commissary of subsistence, has been ordered on duty as commissary of subsistence for the new post, and will report to you accordingly. An order for the issue of shelter-tents to the soldiers and scouts will be issued to-day, it having been decided at Army Headquarters that Orders, No. 189, shall not be departed from except in the case of commissioned officers. Four wall-tents or their equivalent will be allowed for the field and staff of your command, including the quartermaster and commissary, and three for the assistant surgeon and for hospital purposes. The line officers of each company will be entitled to one wall-tent for the three, and the chief of scouts to one common tent, if he has not already received one at Fort Snelling. The remainder of the tents ordered to be transported by you to Fort Ridgely will be turned over to the quartermaster at that post. Should the number of sick require it, you will cause to be built a hospital hut of temporary purposes while the building of the post is being carried on.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., June 23, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army:

GENERAL: The siege of Richmond bids fair to be tedious, and in consequence of the very extended lines we must have, a much larger

