
force will be necessary than would be required in ordinary sieges against the same force that now opposes us. With my present force I feel perfectly safe against Lee's army, and, acting defensively, would still feel so against Lee and Johnston combined; but we want to act offensively. In my opinion, to do this effectively, we should concentrate our whole energy against the two principal armies of the enemy.

In other words, nothing should be attempted, except in Georgia and here, that is not directly in co-operation with these moves. West of the Mississippi I would not attempt anything until the rebellion east of it is entirely should. I would then direct Canby to leave Smith unmolested where he is; to make no move except such as is necessary to protect what he now holds. All the troops he can spare should be sent here at once. In my opinion the white troops of the Nineteenth Corps can all come, together with many of the colored troops. I wish you would place this matter before the Secretary of War and urge that no offensive operations west of the Mississippi be allowed to commence until matter here are settled. Send the Nineteenth Corps and such other troops as you can from the Department of the Gulf to me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Vicksburg, June 23, 1864.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, U. S. Army:

Pursuant to instructions of Major General E. R. S. Canby, I write you direct concerning the Vicksburg and Shreveport Railroad. The gauge is 5 feet and 6 inches. The road has been completed and in running order as far as Monroe, 74 1/4 miles. Beyond Monroe much of the grading has been done. The work was commenced both at Shreveport and Monroe, advancing each way. Perhaps 25 miles remain to be graded about the center of that portion of the road. The grade from Vicksburg to Monroe only varies 17 1/2 feet, and I am credibly informed that the grade from Monroe to Shreveport is very light.

I have already on hand a large amount of timber and cross-ties, and I am making preparations so that the road can be put in running order in a very short time after receiving the locomotives and cars. Inclosed I sent you copy of report* from E. A. Morse, captain and assistant quartermaster, superintendent of the New Orleans and Opelousas Railroad. The gauge of those roads referred to in his report I do not know, but will ascertain as soon as possible. There are at present in this place, on the Vicksburg and Jackson Railroad, thirteen box and platform cars and two locomotives. The gauge of the road is 5 feet. The machine shops of the road located here are capable of doing considerable and nearly all kinds of work if placed in care of proper persons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BAILEY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade, and in charge of V. and S. R. R.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

