HDQRS. DETACH. FIFTH CAV., MO. STATE MILITIA,Salem, Mo., June 23, 1864.

Brigadier General O. GUITAR,

Commanding District:

GENERAL: I have had scouts all over the county. Can't hear anything of Shelby or any other rebel force near. The county is swarming with bushwhackers. All seem to be going north in small squads, from 2 to 10 in a squad. They have stolen some horses and plundered a great deal this week in this county and in Texas County. They seem to have a hiding place on the Piney. I have nearly all my men out all the time. If I did not constantly keep running after them they would take all the property in the county and drive everybody off. We can't, it seems, come up with them, as they will not fight, the brush is so thick. Their idea seems to be to divest the country of everything there is in it.

There are two companies of Enrolled Militia in this county, and what few private arms they had they lost them by those fellows. These militia will never do any good unless they are called into service. If it could be so that about one of these militia companies could be called out for awhile, as a great many of them will not stay at home anyway; most of them have their corps about finished. Crops look very well, considering the lateness of the season. I apprehend no raid through this part of the county, as there is nothing to submit on for man or beast. I will endeavor to keep you posted of any movement, as they can't get near here without ny knowledge.

Respectfully, your obedient,

L. E.]I,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

WARRNESBURG, MO., June 23, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have to-day been engaged in the inspection of the police, mess, and camp and garrison equipments, books, papers, and property, respectively, of a portion of Colonel Philips' Seventh Cavalry, Missouri State Militia. The inspection is intentionally minute, and my detailed reports will cover all matters of importance. General Brown has some additional information relative to guerrilla operations, which he has reported. I see nothing yet from these reports sufficiently definite to base an opinion upon as to the future intentions of or the numbers of the guerrillas.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Inspector-General, &amp;c.

PRESIDENT'S OFFICE, PACIFIC RAILROAD,

Saint Louis, June 23, 1864.

General E. B. BROWN:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find copy of a letter* to Mr. Garrison, received from his foreman or general manager at Independence. Surely there must be some mistake, and yet Mr. Hale is a man of

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

