
good character. In the absence of Garrison, who is now in Jackson County, and will remain there superintending the laying of the railroad to the Little Blue (4 miles east of Independence), I appeal to you to interpose your authority and protect the company's property, as well as to enable us to progress with the road. We have a large amount of property in Jackson County, and have spent some money in getting men from Canada, and now when everything looks to an early completion of the road the state of things shown in Hale's letter is disheartening. I beg to suggest that the soldiers now stationed in Independence or the post be removed or changed. You know, general, that ill-feeling sometimes springs up from little causes, and I am inclined to think something akin is at the bottom of Hale's troubles. I have not consulted General Rosecrans on this subject, preferring to confer with you. We shall operate the road to Warrensburg in a few days, and if we can have protection enabling us to work we will finish the road this year. I especially attract your attention to Hale's letter, requesting your immediate interposition of the remedy-a change of troops.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

G. T. TAYLOR.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, June 25, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel J. H. Ford, commanding Fourth Sub-District, for immediate and thorough investigation and report.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH SUB-DISTRICT,Kansas City, July 9, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Captain George West, Company F, Second Colorado Cavalry, and attention directed to indorsement of Brigadier-General Brown.

By order of Colonel James H. Ford, commanding Fourth Sub-District:

JAS. S. CLEVELAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

LIBERTY, MO., July 21.1864.

Respectfully returned, with the information that the undersigned knows nothing of the matter referred to in the within. My invariable rule has been, while in command of troops in the Fourty Sub-District, to instruct them to shoot bushwhackers whenever found, and I have yet to learn if there is any order forbidding it. I am aware of many instances of the employes of the Pacific Railroad Company feeding and supplying them with whisky, and of one instance of a railroad pass being found upon the body of a bushwhackers killed by one of my scouting parties, and of another of one of the railroad hands standing picket for them and warning them of our approach. It is my opinion that the section of the Pacific Railroad near Independence, Mo., is the best recruiting office the bushwhackers have.

GEO. WEST,

Captain, Second Colo. Cav., Lately Commanding at Independence.

