
WARRENSBURG, MO., June 23, 1864-10.20 p.m.

Colonel GEORGE H. HALL,

Sedalia, Mo.:

The two companies of One hundred and thirty-fifth Illinois Infantry ordered to Osage bridge, and the two companies of same regiment ordered to Gasconade bridge, will report to you. If you deem the information from Osage, Maries County, to be of sufficient importance, you will send a scout in that direction, and in case you should do so, order one company of infantry from the Osage bridge to Jefferson city.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., June 23, 1864. (Received 5 p.m.)

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

Our scouts are skirmishing with the guerrillas every day. No reliable information in regard to their movements. No concentration at present in this vicinity.

E. P. ELMER,

Captain, Commanding.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., June 23, 1864. (Received 10 p.m.)

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

I start for Kansas City to-morrow morning, if it meets the approval of the general. Shall return Sunday, as I have some men there that need looking after that are giving aid and information to bushwhackers. No scout in this evening yet. Captain Moses is out northeast with all command and 25 of Company K. Major Pritchard is scouting heavily from Raytown. Captain Boyd has all of his available mounted force scouting from Harrisonville, on the Grand and Osage. My district is still full of bands. No concentration as yet, but I am looking for it every day. Expect they will attempt a raid the last of next week. If it gets too hot, I would recommend that the whole regiment be concentrated at one point.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

HOLDEN, MO., June 23, 1864. (Received 5 p.m.)

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

Have heard nothing of bushwhackers. No corn to be had in the county. Can easily supply ourselves from Warrensburg.

Respectfully,

M. U. FOSTER,

Captain, Commanding.

