HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., June 23, 1864.

Captain J. M. POTTER,

Citizen Guards, Arrow Rock, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: Some complaints are made by the members of your company that the citizens of your county are detailed to stand guard in the town. The commanding general directs me to say that he is of the opinion that the object of the organization is to have the members' duties so divided that they will be on duty as near their residences as practicable, and that the protection of the agricultural interest is of primary importance. He desires me to say that the people of the towns, being congregated together, are amply able to protect themselves, and that they should be sent to the country adjoining on patrol and guard duty, as in this way both will be guarded and the farmers be enabled to pursue their business.

These instructions are only general, but be pleased to have them carried out as far as it is practicable. The general further directs me to say that it is his wish that the several members of the citizen guard should have their arms always with them, so that they will be prepared for defense or attack without first meeting at the point of rendezvous. Endeavor, if you please, to harmonize the differences in your company, and make all feel that they are under a mutual protection. I have ordered a few troops to your place, so that the people of the town will be relieved from guard duty.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Sprinfield, Mo., June 23, 1864.

Major MELTON,

Commanding, White River:

The selection of the camp made by you is approved. There is no objection to the home guards remaining at Berryvile if it would be safe for them to do so. I do not think they would be attacked myself, but you will scout and protect that section of country as best you can with your command. Send detachments of your command west to the Wire road occasionally and drive the guerrillas away from there. If you leave the present position at any time you will sink the ferry-boat at some deep hole above the ferry and bring away the rope and tackle.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 23, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I have just returned from Platte County and find your telegram of the 21st, making inquiry relative to report of militia on duty in the district. In reply thereto would say that the tri-monthly returns

