
have been regularly forwarded to department headquarters, and copies of all orders placing on or relieving militia from duty have been forwarded to the adjutant-general of the State. The same officer who for the last year has acted as district adjutant of the Enrolled Missouri Militia has been continued on duty by myself, and he assures me that reports and returns have been made regularly as heretofore. I will this day forward by mail a full report of all militia on duty in the district. Reports will show when and where and by whom they were placed on duty.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., June 23, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

As a matter of justice to the State of Missouri, the militia called into U. S. service should be called out by the Governor on the requisition of the department commander. This is necessary for the perfection of any claim which the State may hereafter present against the General Government, as also for the protection of the State in the matter of payment hereafter of the militia. You will hereafter inform these headquarters of your needs of militia, and the general commanding will require in form upon the Governor for them. If a case of immediate, urgent necessity arises, when time is everything, you may require direct upon the local brigadier, and he will honor your requisition.

By order:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 23, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

A. A. G.., Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to transmit report of the Enrolled Missouri Militia troops on duty in this district. Your telegraphic order of this date, revoking the authority heretofore intrusted to myself by the general commanding of placing on and relieving from duty the Enrolled Missouri Militia forces, as might by myself be deemed best for the good of the service and the best interests of the district, has been received. It will receive my prompt and entire obedience. The embarrassments that this order may bring upon me will be suggested respectfully in another communication, after a personal interview with His Excellency Governor Hall, who I learn will be in this city on to-morrow.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

