
GLASGOW, MO., June 23, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I have read your dispatch to Colonel Green with much satisfaction, and his answer to you, as well as his letter of this date to you. Colonel Green and myself fully agree on the subject, and I fear our worst fears will be more than realized unless more troops are placed at your command, and that immediately. Could not Governor Hall call out a sufficient number of men, for, say, 150 days, to keep things quiet. Other States have done so where life and property were never in half the danger we are in. General Rosecrans would give all the aid and influence at his command to aid in the latter, and I believe the President would fully indorse and harmonize with the parties in the call, if properly presented and urged by Governor Hall.

I had a conversation with General Rosecrans while in Saint Louis, as you are aware, before starting East. While at Washington I had a very satisfactory conference with the President on the subject, and again with General Rocecrans on my return to Saint Louis, which warrants me in the conclusions above alluded to. One thing is certain to my mind, unless men are furnished and prompt and decided steps taken at once, somebody will be blamed for letting our railroads become useless by being destroyed and the navigation of our rivers dangerous, if not stopped altogether, and our country destroyed generally. I hope when this reaches you that you will have fully recovered from your late indisposition, and that we may very soon have the pleasure of meeting you in Glasgow. In the mean time if we can assist you in any way we will do so cheerfully.

Very respectfully, your friend,

B. W. LEWIS,

Per GEO. D. DAVIS.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 26, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Rosecrans, commanding department, for his information.

The writer is one of the first and best men in Missouri.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

GLASGOW, MO., June 23, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

Comparative peace prevails. The rebels, however, are secretly organizing and having night meetings in the brush, preparatory to Shelby's coming on marauding, thieving, and destruction raid. The railroads in North Missouri are to be crippled, and, while Shelby is raiding, Price is to move secretly for Saint Louis. This is the private talk and programme, all of which we do not believe, but the rebels do, and upon which they are organized to act. The leaders are in the country and are getting encouragement from residents. Will write to-day, giving grounds for above statements. I believe trouble is brewing, designed to be more extensive than is generally believed.

C. H. GREEN.

