
or paid by the State or the United States. All reasonable aid that can be afforded by the Government to any citizen will be extended to this organization. Let good order and the best of discipline be maintained when the force is on duty. Respect the rights and property of all. Let swift vengeance be visited upon the guerrillas and thieves who may be found in their hellish work. Let there be unity in action and spirit. Let all labor to uphold and maintain law and good order, and put down wrong in anybody. Life and property are a common interest; any good man should aid in protecting them.

By order of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk:

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

LEAVENWORTH, June 23, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

GENERAL: I have news from secesh circles at Parkville which points to Leavenworth as the place the guerrillas hope to attack when they are sufficiently prepared. It is the general current of rumor, the talk of the negroes who overhear their rebel masters, that Quantril will soon visit Leavenworth. As much to prevent causeless panics at night as to assure safety, I have placed the town under guard at night. The guards are instructed to pass officers of the U. S. service who make themselves known. I have no doubt the officers and men of your command will conform to the regulations it is thought necessary to adopt.

Captain Gregg reports that he is unable to supply transportation for the ordnance stores I wished to send to Lawrence. I have four companies organized on a line extending from the Missouri River, at Delaware, to the Topeka road. The officers have special instructions to be watchful, and may be very useful. All but one of the companies are mounted, but, like the other troops under my command, not half armed. They are cautioned not to let any forces pass their line without ascertaining all about them. The raiders, if they come at all, may be in Federal uniform, and the passage of troops is too common an event to create suspicion.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. N. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.

JUNE 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General McKEAN:

I neglected to inform you yesterday that 5 bushwhackers got in on Dry Wood, 14 miles south of this, to the residence of Captain Rogers, of the Sixth Kansas Cavalry, and murdered him night before last. He had come up with the escort to the train and been at home but a few days. He was killed in attempting to escape to the brush, and might have saved his life if he had staid in the house, as another man was with him and both well armed. He wounded one of the bushwhackers before he was killed.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, Commanding.

