HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., June 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Commanding, Fort Ridgely:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of 20th instant has reached these headquarters. The rumors referred to of the presence of hostile Indians in the "Big Woods" are probably of the same origin with those mentioned in my previous dispatch, and to which your attention was directed. It is not the belief of General Sibley that there are any such straggling parties in the locality stated. The latest and most reliable information from Fort Garry is to the effect that the refugee murderers who were in that neighborhood had all gone toward the Turtle Mountain, and it was from these principally that small raids were to be apprehended.

In view of the precautions taken by the military authorities to cover the approaches to the frontier by small detachments of troops, the settlers on the north side of the Minnesota, who have thus far been entirely unmolested, would do well to imitate the example of those on the line south of Fort Ridgely, where the hostile savages have really shown themselves, by repressing unfounded rumors and complaints, and by being prepared in case of emergency to aid the military in pursuing and destroying any of these outlaws who may be discovered.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., June 24, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army:

GENERAL: Your letter stating that Generals Rosecrans and Curtis are calling for more troops is received. I am satisfied you would hear the same call if they were stationed in Maine. The fact is, the two departments should be merged into one, and some officer who does not govern so largely through a secret police system as Rosecrans does put in command. I do think the best interest of the service demands that Rosecrans should be removed and some one else placed in that command. It makes but little difference who you assign, it would be an improvement.

I had suspected wrong management on the Mississippi River, but believed Washburn and Slocum would purify matters so far as their commands and their powers go. Have they not done so? You ask if the resignation of General Crocker should be accepted, and if he is qualified for the command of New Mexico. Crocker and Sheridan, I think, were the best division commanders I have ever known. Either of them is qualified for any command. I would say by all means retain General Crocker in the service, and send him to New Mexico.* The only available major-general I can think of to take the Department of the Missouri, if the President will consent to the change, and I hope he will, is N. J. T. Dana.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*So ordered by the Secretary of War June 28.

---------------

