
transferred from the Opelousas road, and we have on hand now the material for completing forty more, at the rate of twenty per month. The cost of building the road will be much less than I anticipated, as the reports of the material that could be made available had not reached me when I first telegraphed you. The number of mechanics that can be procured here is also much greater than I supposed. Simply as the means of supplying an army in or beyond the Red River, it will be more economical than any other.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

VICKSBURG, MISS., June 24, 1864. (Via Cairo, Ill., 28th.)

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

The gauge of the Vicksburg and Shreveport Railroad is 5 feet 6 inches. It is very important to have the locomotives and cars as soon as possible. Will you please telegraph to me at Cairo how soon they will be shipped? My bearer of dispatches, Captain Wooster, will receive and forward yours answer from Cairo.

By order of Major-General Canby:

J. BAILEY,

Bvt., Brigadier General, in Charge of V. and S. R. R.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., June 24, 1864.

Rear-Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Commanding U. S. Mississippi Squadron, Mount City, Ill.:

In some operations that are about to be undertaken two or three light-draught monitors would be very useful in the shallow waters of Mississippi Sound, but as this is within Admiral Farragut's command, I did not think it proper to make any suggestions in relation to it without his concurrence. Commodore Palmer informs me that the admiral would be glad to have that then if you can spare them. It is the opinion of the commodore that monitors like the Winnebago and Chickasaw can be sent into the Sound or into Mobile Bay without danger. Can you spare them; and, if you can, will you give the necessary orders? They should be sent as soon as possible.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Natchez, Miss., June 24, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following information, obtained from Robert A. Hanna, formerly forage-master for Walker's division:

Left Alexandria on June 17. General Walker in temporary command. General Dick Taylor having been relieved at his own request,

34 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT IV

