
another general officer had crossed the river to take Dick Taylor's command, whose name he does not recollect. No troops immediately around Alexandria, but there were at Marksville Walker's division of infantry, 4,000 strong, now en route for Black River; Polignac's division of infantry, 2,500 strong.

At Cheneyville, 21 miles southwest of Marksville, there were Green's cavalry brigade, 1,500 strong; Major's cavalry brigade, 1,500 strong; Parson's cavalry brigade, 1,800 strong. In the whole command there were three or four batteries.

The troops are supposed to have rendezvoused there to graze their horses and obtain provisions for the men. Parsons' and Major's brigades are expected to move into Missouri to re-enforce Price. Green's brigade to Texas. Walker's division was expected on west bank of Black River. It should be there by this time, having left Marskville on 19th instant on foraging expedition. Thinks infantry will remain on the river above Marskville. He gained the above information from officers. Cavalry well supplied with horses and whole command wall supplied with horses and mules. The whole of the cavalry of Dick Taylor's command is under General Wharton, armed mostly with Enfield rifles; infantry with smooth-bore muskets principally, some with Enfield rifles. Powder mostly home made and considered inferior to ours. Arsenals at Shreveport (now broken up), Marshall, Tyler, and Houston.

Morale of army good, but discipline poor. Officers think that neither we nor they will make any offensive move for some time. Dick Taylor intended a movement on New Orleans, but water in river and bayous got too high. Kirby Smith's headquarters were at Shreveport. Governor Allen reports to rebel Congress 91,000 men west of the Mississippi, but that estimate is generally considered too high by 40,000. Reports no clothing on hand at present in the whole command. The men are supplied mostly from their homes. Have not been supplied from Mexico since last winter. Mr. Hanna has a discharge from the rebel Army in his possession. He is suffering from consumption, and is now on his way home near Saint Louis.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. DENICKE,

Captain and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Natchez, Miss., June 24, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following information, gained from one Richard Boyd, a planter, from Rapides Parish, La., 20 miles southeast of Alexandria on Indian Creek: Left home on June 5. Traveled through woods and swamps to mouth of Black River. Is not acquainted with the roads in that vicinity. The Second Louisiana Cavalry is encamped at Marksville. No other troops there then. Was carried to Mansura on the 9th. Saw there Polignac's brigade infantry and the Crescent Regiment Infantry. They were on the march to Marksville. Boone's battery had left the day before for the same place. No troops remained at Mansura.

General Walker's command is at Holloway's Prairie, 10 miles north of Alexandria. Strength of command not known. Was told that

