HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, June 24, 1864.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: In answer to your communication of the 20th instant, in regard to the seizure of horses for the cavalry service, the major-general commanding directs me to say that you are hereby authorized to seize all horses fit for cavalry use within the department. In all cases vouchers to be given, and in the case of citizens of approved loyalty these vouchers are to be exchanged for regular quartermaster's vouchers, given by the chief quartermaster Cavalry Division.

The following exceptions to seizure will be made, viz: Horses used in Government employ, such as are in use in incorporated cities, and those used on plantations cultivated by paid laborers. Clergymen and physicians will each be allowed to retain one horse. If necessary horses may be seized in the city of New Orleans, but such seizure must be made under your own personal supervision. Your attention is especially directed to the great care that will be necessary to exercise by the officers making these seizures, and you will please inform these officers that any failure on their part to give the necessary vouchers, that they will be recommended for dismissal from the service.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORGANZA, June 24, 1864.

Captain DE WITT CLINTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, New Orleans, La.:

Seven companies of the First Louisiana (rebel) Cavalry captured last night report that General Buckner with a small escort crossed the Mississippi, somewhere near the mouth of Red River, a short time since.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

U. S. STEAMER TYLER, June 24, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

MY DEAR GENERAL: The boat which I sent up White River has returned, having met with no force of the enemy. From information gathered, it appears Shelby is mostly engaged in conscripting. He has some force at Cotton Plant and their headquarters is on Straight Lake. I have requested Colonel Mizner to send down a detail, in company with a gun-boat, to cut down the trees within 10 or 12 feet of the bank in the Oxbone on this river. It is supposed that the enemy, when the river gets lower, intends attacking boats there. He proposes cutting trees nearly in two, putting a charge of powder in the cut, and exploding it, so as to feel the trees as the boats pass, and

