
cath or smash them. The story seems plausible, and this is the most advantageous place on this river for a purpose of that kind. White River Station, where some 50 soldiers are stationed, was attacked by a regiment of rebels yesterday morning. They were soon driven off by the Lexington and the garrison, carrying off, however, most of their killed and wounded; we got, however, 2 killed and 3 wounded. Please excuse this hurried letter, as I am about starting. We shall start up the Arkansas to-morrow morning.

Very truly, yours,

GEO. M. BACHE,

Lieutenant.

LITTLE ROCK, June 24, 1864.

Commander BACHE,

U. S. Navy, Devall's Bluff:

CAPTAIN: A force sufficient to dispose of Shelby has been ordered out under General Carr. A scouting party has also been ordered down this side of White River as you suggested. It is not practicable, probably, to send a force on the north side of the river, and it is therefore proposed to send a principal part of command by steamer. I would suggest that at least one gun-boat accompany the expedition, so that in case of necessity an express be sent back to Devall's Bluff in spite of the rebels who may post themselves on the bank to prevent it.

Very truly yours,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2ND. DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, No. 18. Little Rock, Ark., June 24, 1864.

General Orders, No. 4, from headquarters Division of West Mississippi, May 23, 1864, sets forth that-

Commanders of department and districts, after providing adequately for the security of the posts it is necessary to hold, are charged with the duty of organizing as large a reserve force for service in the field as possible. The troops to be employed on this duty will be the most effective, and will be organized and equipped with as little delay as possible.

In time of war troops should always be so organized, disciplined, and equipped as to be ready any moment to exert all the power they are capable of. The proper commanding officers of this division will forthwith provide their respective commands with every article of equipment and clothing needful to render them in complete readiness for service in the field. A riding inspection will take place at short notice, and it is required that there shall be no lack in whatever is needful for the efficiency of troops and a compliance with the Revised Army Regulations and general orders.

By command of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

