HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., June 24, 1864.

Colonel J. K. MIZNER,

Commanding, Devall's Bluff:

Send scouting party, say 200 cavalry, down this side of the White River to pick up the men belonging to the gun-boat, and cut off any squads of rebels that may be in that neighborhood. Notify Captain Bache.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., June 24, 1864.

Colonel J. K. MIZNER,

Commanding, Devall's Bluff:

I propose to move to Clarendon with about 2,000 infantry, 2,000 cavalry, and a battery, with five days' rations. Have boats enough ready to embark them to-morrow forenoon. Have the One hundred and twenty-sixth and One hundred and sixth and the battery at your post ready by 10 o'clock to-morrow forenoon. Let me know the condition of the battery as to men, horses, and material. Make ready all the ambulances at your post to go with the expedition. Send accompanying dispatch to Colonel Geiger, at Bayou Two Prairies, Ashley's Station, by the train which will be ordered to Bronwsville to-night, after the Sixty-first Illinois. Send only a small scout, say 25 men, down their on this side. Have all your mounted men, except small pickets, ready to go to Clarendon with the expedition.

I have heard from Searcy to-day; there is nothing there only a rumor that Shelby was crossing at Des Arc, which is evidently a blind. There are two battalions Ninth Iowa at Searcy, who will cover your post as they come in. Have boats enough to take 2,000 horses and the battery, which I would prefer not to take apart; probably it can be distributed on different boats.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, June 24, 1864.

Colonel GEIGER,

Commanding Camp, Bayou Two Prairies:

COLONEL: March with all your mounted men, including Ninth Iowa Cavalry, to Devall's Bluff to take boats for Clarendon. Shelby captured a tin-clad this morning, and, I have no doubt, was there with his whole force. I am going with 2,000 infantry and all the cavalry I can raise, and battery. Shelby has four heavy guns. You will want five or six days' rations. If you have no got them can draw them at the Bluff, and plenty of ammunition. Be at the Bluff as early as possible.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

