
better Missouri State Militia under shoulder-straps than he, I have not yet discovered him. It is impossible to conduct a war and the arts of pease at the same time and in the same locality without disturbing the tender sensibilities of individuals who, by their own cursedness, have brought these woes upon us. Men who have position and influence and disloyalty enough in their composition to permit them to affiliate with and protect guerrillas and bushwhackers must be held responsible with their lives and property for the safety of their more loyal neighbors, whose adherence to righteousness and patriotism has brought them to prejudice among traitors.

No rebel should be permitted to enjoy his tium cum digitate in an neighborhood where loyal men are hunted like dogs from their homes. It is a difficult problem to solve, I assure you, and I seek for wisdom, faith, and courage from Him who governs all things, and who will exalt nations and individuals only through righteousness. We must maintain good discipline among the troops, and when they move upon the enemy's works let it be done in order and under orders, and the blows fall in determined destruction. I will write Captain Crandall freely. All complaints made against him are submitted to him, as in justice to him and his command they should be. I wish you would watch the Meredith organization a little, and post me as to its character.

Very respectfully,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. 15TH Regiment, ENROLLED MO. MIL.,Edina, Mo., June 24, 1864.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK,

Commanding Dist. of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: About the last of April I took the liberty to address you in regard to certain matters transpiring in the community. I received a note from you dated 30th April. Still later I had a note from your headquarters, acknowledging another note of mine, making certain suggestions in regard to matters in this county, with a primrose that I would hear more fully soon. I then thought I would do myself the honor of having a personal interview with you, at Saint Louis, about the 24th of May. I called at division headquarters and also at your residence, but I learned that you were to leave the city that evening for your command, consequently I had not the pleasure.

There are many things transpiring in our county at this time that induce many persons to believe that we are about to have a renewal of the times of 1862. Old rebels, who have been out with Price and Marmaduke, have been seen in the county, and I have been informed that some effort has been made by some of them to recruit men for the Southern army. Indications similar to those that obtained in 1862 are seen in many parts of the county. Strangers passing at night in the direction of the disloyal neighborhood. All these things are reported to me. Disloyal persons are said to be buying and selling ammunition, and many other indications. And yet we have no one authorized in this county to investigate these rumors, nor to arrest men that we know to be direct from Price's army. Unless some precaution be used, I have but little doubt that a raid will be made on this part of the State.

