
I have at this post about 100 stand of arms, with ammunition and willing hands to use them, if need be and the proper authority be given, and I have but little doubt that by authorizing some person to act as provost-marshal for this county, with authority to call out the Enrolled Missouri Militia, in case of necessity, that every end would be accomplished and prevent the organization of the disloyal element in the county. Men from all parts of the county come here and make these reports to me, thinking probably that I possess authority to act, but I do not understand that I have any whatever. There are, I understand, quite a number of men who have refused to enroll; young men, well-known to be disloyal, and those who have no property to make the commutation tax from and no authority to arrest them, are in the county. Excuse my intrusion, and only the good and peace of my country induces me thus to further trespass.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL M. WEST,

Colonel Fiftieth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 24, 1864.

Captain ISAIAH W. JONES,

Cameron, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I yesterday gave you authority to organize a small force for home defense at Cameron and vicinity. I hear much from your neighborhood that leads me to the conclusion that there is too much dissension and strife among the people, and this in itself greatly increases the difficulty. You must use all your influence to put down disorder, and in making up your force gather in good men from both parties. Consult freely with Lieutenant-Colonel Parrott, who lives near you and is your neighbor, and has nothing but the good of the country at heart, I hope. Confide in him.

Trusting that you may be successful in restoring quiet and security to your section, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel ELIAS PARROTT,

Eighty-First Regiment Enrolled Mo. Mil., Cameron, Mo.:

COLONEL: I am greatly pained to hear of the disturbance and outrages committed in your neighborhood. I have authorized Captain Jones to organize a small force of citizens for local defense. They will be neither armed, subsisted, or paid by the State or National Government. He will need to be very cautious in both organizing and conducting this force, and I will thank you to see him and give him such advice as your good judgment and position may prompt. Don't allow division among the people to come into this organization and destroy the good that can be brought out of it by properly uniting the citizens who have the good of the country at heart.

Let your influence be promptly and constantly thrown on the side of good order, subordination to law, and the vigorously putting

