
BERRYVILLE, ARK., May 26, 1864.

General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have what I think reliable information that Shelby and Hunter are in Osage with 2,000 men and six pieces of artillery. They are forcing every man into the service between the age of eighteen and forty-five. Give me instructions immediately what to do. If they come on this place I will be compelled to destroy a part of my camp and garrison equipage, as I have a few wagons and no mules that are worth anything. If I am notified in time I can get away with most of my infantry that is valuable. Let me know immediately.

Your obedient servant,

J. A. MELTON,

Major, Commanding Detach. Second Arkansas Cavalry.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., May 26, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Dept of the Missouri:

I am pressing a most thorough investigation of the murder cases of this section. One party who was reported found dead with 12 bullets in his head turns out to be unhurt and at work over in Kansas. The murderer of McDonald has surrendered himself, and gives full statement of the quarrel over a mule, which resulted in shooting on both sides. They were Paw Paws. Major Wilson had $3,000 in many with him, and it is more than probable that the money caused his murder. Christian was undoubtedly killed by Platte County Paw Paws. I shall go to Platte myself, and use all my means and power to allay the apprehensions of the people. My force are all at work. I shall organize and put on duty a military force sufficient to maintain quiet.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, May 26, 1864-6.20 p.m.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Dept. of Kansas, Leavenworth City:

There have been arrivals of considerable bodies of guerrillas in La Fayette and Johnson Counties from the south in the past week. Can you send a regiment into the border counties to co-operate with my command? We shall have to look out for another raid into Kansas.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to department headquarters.)
HDQRS. ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL

FOR KANS., NEBR., COLO., AND DAK.,Leavenworth City, May 26, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

GENERAL: I think if of great importance that the request of the citizens of Emporia to have a company of troops stationed at that

