
down of lawlessness. I know that you will cheerfully do this. It may become necessary to put a few troops into active service at Cameron, but I hope not. I very much regret to hear of outrages committed by some of the veteran Sixth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, on furlough. I should dislike very much to arrest and punish these brave boys, but I shall do so unless the complaints cease. I hope you will give your good influence against their conduct. Let all the neighbors unite in saving life and property, and not waste their energies in foolish bickering. Let us save the country if possible, and it is.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 24, 1864.

Captain HIRAM BAXTER,

Louisiana, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of yours of June 18, and to reply: Never mind the newspapers; we can't stop to correct them. Kill the guerrillas and thieves first, or soon there will be no country to save. Time enough to mind the talk of country journals when times are less disturbed than at present.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 24, 1864.

First. Lieutenant RALPH T. WILSON,

Enrolled Missouri Militia, Savannah, Mo.:

LIEUTENANT: The general commanding directs me to say that you are hereby authorized to raise from the company of Enrolled Missouri Militia to which you belong, or from the citizens of Savannah, a sufficient force to preserve quiet and order in the town of Savannah. This force will be under you own command and will act as an aid to the civil authority, and will aid in protecting the lives and property of the citizens of Savannah from guerrillas and marauders.

The force will not be armed, subsisted, or paid by the State or National Government. All reasonable aid that can be extended by the Government to any citizen will be extended to this organization. Let goat order and the best of discipline be maintained while the force is on duty. Respect the rights and property of all. Let swift vengeance be visited upon the guerrillas and thieves who may be found in their hellish work. Let there be unity in action and spirit. Let all labor to uphold and maintain law and good order and put down wrong in any one. Life and property are a common interest; any good man should in in maintaining them.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

