HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 24, 1864.

Honorable J. H. SHANKLIN,

Chillicothe, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed please find authority to Captain Carter to organize his force as agreed between the general and yourself yesterday. A similar one was sent the captain by mail last night.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure.]

Captain JOHN E. CARTER,

Co. E, Thirtieth E. M. M., Trenton, Grundy Co., Mo.:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding directs me to say that you are hereby authorized to organize, from your company and from persons not attached to any company, a force of 20 men for the purpose of protecting the lives, interests, and property of Trenton. They will not be equipped, subsisted, or paid by the State or National Government, and will have the privilege of attending to their avocations, but will at all times be ready to suppress trouble and to assist the civil authority in enforcing the law, preserving the peace, and arresting offenders. Let good order and the best of discipline be maintained while the force is on duty. Respect the right and property of all. Let swift vengeance be visited upon all guerrillas and thieves who may be found at their hellish work. Let there be unity of action and spirit. Let all labor to uphold law and good order and to put down wrong in anybody. Life and property are a common interest that any good man should aid in protecting.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

BROOKFIELD, MO., June 24, 1864.

General FISK:

Bushwhackers robbed a Union man yesterday between Brunswick and Laclede. I am going to Brunswick with Captain Stanley's arms and stores and shall place every rebel on guard to protect that country and hold them responsible for all damage. We cannot afford to send a guard of 20 men every day to guard the mail. I will give each rebel sympathizer a certain portion of the road to look after.

E. J. C[RANDALL,]

Captain.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., June 25, 1864.

Commodore J. S. PALMER,

Commanding Naval Forces, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding this military division to transmit, for the information of the naval authorities

