
at this point and the Gulf Squadron, the following indorsement made upon an application for a transfer from the land service to the Navy:
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., June 25, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the major-general commanding the Department of the Gulf. The commanding general has been advised that the efficiency of the fleet, under the command of Admiral Farragut, will be seriously impaired unless 500 men can be transferred to it from the Army. He therefore directs that the orders from the War Department in relation to the transfers be published to every company serving in the department, and that the transfers necessary to fill the quota assigned to the Department of the Gulf be made at once. The disposition of the company commanders to retain their men must not be allowed to delay or interfere with the execution of the law, and the name of any officer who may attempt to evade it will be reported to these headquarters.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

DE WITT CLINTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DE WITT CLINTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., June 25, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: In compliance with your instructions to furnish in part the latest information as to Price's forces received at these headquarters, I have the honor to report information received as follows: From Major W. D. K., lately assistant adjutant-general and assistant inspector-general of General E. Kirby Smith's staff (and arriving from General Smith's headquarters at Shreveport on June 19, 1864), is to the effect that on June 9, 1864, the date at which the informant left Shreveport, Major-General Price's headquarters were at Camden, Ark. The total force under Major-General Price's command at that time is estimated at 9,000 men, and was constituted nearly as follows:

First. A division commanded by Major-General Fagan. This division consists of two brigades, commanded respectively by Colonel Homes [?] or Hames [?] and by Brigadier-General Tappan. The total of this division is rated at 3,000 men.

Second. A division commanded by Major-Generals Churchill. This division consists of two brigades, one of which is commanded by a Colonel Crawford. The total of this division is estimated at 1,500.

Third. A division commanded by Major General M. M. Parsons. This division consists of two brigades, one of which is commanded by General Clark, the other by General Ruffner [?]. The total of this division is estimated at 1,200 men.

Fourth. Marmaduke's cavalry. Of this cavalry there are two brigades, one of which is commanded by General Cabell; the name of the other general officer is unknown. The total of this cavalry force is estimated form 1,200 to 1,500 men.

