
Fifth. Shelby's cavalry. This force consists of two brigades; names of brigade commanders unknown. The total of this force is estimated 1,200 to 1,500 men.

Sixth. Irregular troops under the general command of Colonel B.f. Danley. These companies are not attached, nor are they held in regimental form. They are principally engaged in conscripting. There [are] about 1,000 men under command of Major Rankin, on Saint Francis River. They are disorganized and without arms. General Dockery has command of 900 exchanged and paroled prisoners; headquarters at Washington, Ark. The total of field artillery within the district of which the informant had knowledge was twenty-two pieces.

At the date above mentioned the divisions of Generals Marmaduke and Parsons had their headquarters near Princeton, Ark. The division of General Fagan was encamped 20 miles south of Pine Bluff, on the road leading from Camden. General Marmaduke's cavalry was near Gaines' Landing. General Shelby had crossed at Dardanelle, on the Arkansas River, and was, on July 6, between the Arkansas and White Rivers, going east. The cavalry force of the District of Arkansas is represented as poorly disciplined, mounted on mules and horses, and carrying a variety of arms. Captain ---'s battery of six guns (two Parrotts, two howitzers, two unknown) is attached to Marmaduke's cavalry. This battery is held to be the best mounted and equipped in the Trans-Mississippi Department. The cavalry force under General Shelby has four mountain howitzers.

In reference to movements, Major K. is able to give only the general impression at General Kirby Smith's headquarters to June 9. It was to the effect that General Smith's general plan is for a movement in force in the fall, on Little Rock. General Smith is now reorganizing his command. General Price is at Camden and is busy with the reorganization. Lieutenant Colonel C. J. Turnbull, assistant inspector-general on General Smith's staff, went recently to Camden to aid in this work. It is the opinion of Major K. that it will be necessary to collect additional supplies before General Smith can move in force. I have the impression, very generally entertained, that General Smith did not expect to move until September. In reference to this Major K. narrates the following incident, occurring at General Smith's headquarters at Shreveport: At the mess table Smith's staff, made remarks, and they were echoed by Colonel Austing, inspector-general, and Lieutenant-Colonel Turnbull, assistant inspector-general of the same, to the effect that the campaign was over until fall, that they expected to move on our part until then, and that their own forces would not move.

A fuller report of the information obtained from this office will be given as soon as it can be prepared. There is given here only that bearing upon the points for which this was asked. From other reports forwarded to these headquarters from Natchez, without date, received here June 22 and 23, there are gathered evidences, not entirely reliable, of a concentration of troops at Trenton, Ark.; but to what extent or for what purpose there is no information.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT J. MYER,

Colonel, &amp;c., U. S. Army.

