SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 167. New Orleans, La., June 25, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

11. Brigadier General Richard Arnold, U. S. Volunteers, is, at his own request, relieved from duty as chief of cavalry of this department.

12. Colonel John P. Sherburne, Eleventh New York Cavalry, Scotts' 900, is announced as chief of cavalry of this department, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

13. The staff of the Cavalry Division will remain on duty as at present, reporting to Colonel Sherburne.

14. The Second Brigade of the Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, now stationed near Kennersville, under command of Colonel J. R. Slack, will proceed, with the least possible delay to Thibodeaux and be reported for duty to Brigadier-General Cameron, commanding District of La Fourche. This movement will not be delayed to enable the troops to take with them their camp and garrison equipage; a sufficient detail will be left behind for this purpose. Such rations as are on hand and easy transportable will be taken with the men. The brigade commander is charged with the prompt execution of this order. The quartermaster's department will furnish immediate transportation.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. S. CROSBY,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, June 25, 1864.

Commanding OFFICER NINETY-FIRST NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS

(Through commanding officer Defenses of New Orleans)

SIR: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that the Ninety-first New York Volunteers will retain its present organization as a heavy artillery regiment, the commanding general of the Military Division of West Mississippi having recommended that it be so recognized by these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., June 25, 1864.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR,

At Brownsville or Devall's Bluff:

Major French has a scout just in from 20 miles beyond Searcy, who reports that McRae's command of about 300 men was ordered to break camp yesterday morning at 4 o'clock and to cross the railroad at Big Prairie, about 10 miles east of Brownsville, to join a force of Marmaduke's, supposed to be near there, on the south side of the railroad; and, if they were not found there, to go down toward Arkansas Post until they found Marmaduke, and to operate on White River. They are short of ammunition, and their object is to capture a boat with ammunition; so the scout reports. There has a party of 600 men, of Shelby's command, gone to Crowley's Ridge for the purpose

35 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT IV

