
PINE BLUFF, June 25, 1864-8 p.m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

What number of men shall I sent out in the direction of Saint Charles? It is very difficult crossing the river at this point. Please answer.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, &amp;c.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., June 25, 1864.

Colonel J. K. MIZNER,

Commanding, Devall's Bluff:

Embark all the troops at once that are ordered on the expedition from your post. Consult with the commanding officer of the navy, and if it is thought advisable let them proceed at once to Clarendon under command of the senior officer. General Clarr leaves on this morning's train with the troops.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., June 25, 1864.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR,

Devall's Bluff:

I am satisfied that there are no rebel forces south of the Little Red. Shelby is concentrating all his forces. Jackman joined him last Saturday or Sunday with a force estimated at from 600 to 1,200 men. I think it quite important to watch Clarenon and the crossing at Des Arc. I returned to camp to-day.

M. M. TRUMBULL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., June 25, 1864.

Brigadier General C. BUSSEY,

Commanding Third Brigade:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say, if the scout across the river concerning which he spoke to you in person last evening has not already left, that you will send it out without unnecessary delay. Tom Steele, with 8 men, is said to have been on the Filkins and Duell place yesterday. Captain Mills having reported that there are large numbers of fat cattle in the section of country to which this scout is ordered, you will instruct the officer in command to drive in as many good beeves as he can with safety, turning them over to Captain Smith, commissary of subsistence. The officer will be also instructed to bring in with him all good horses and good riding mules that he may find.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. BURCHARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

