
for early action, and that you will do whatever your judgment may dictate as best, as I consider it worth much more than mine in military matters.

Most respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

ISAAC H. STURGEON,

President and Supt. North Mo. Railroad Company.

[Inclosure No. 1.] MEXICO, MO., June 24, 1864.

Honorable I. H. STURGEON,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

DEAR SIR AND FRIEND: I have to-day expressed to you two packages; one of gold, $246.50, and one of notes of $3,973.50 ($4,220), which you will please have put in some safe place for me, subject to my order or yours, as may be best. We are here in a bad state of affairs-guerrillas all over the country and rebel sympathizers co-operating with them in many ways. They are threatening the town and are robbing many good men through the county. What few soldiers are here and the citizens were on guard all last night expecting an attack. We need more troops here; in fact, unless something is done speedily, we will be ruined in property and many lives sacrificed of men who have ever been truly loyal, and are the only friends of the Government. We Union men of the town feel that there are many in our midst who are in daily communication with these people, and would be rejoiced to witness our ruin or even our death, and if an opportunity offered would aid them in their hellish work. I am no alarmist, but speak what I know and daily witness, and have for some time past. I hold that a more vigorous work is needed to be done than has ever been done in this county. The worst men are still in the county, men who have ever been low, designing men, and all the time working for the destruction of the Government and all Union men. Please say to the military authorities that this county is pretty well stirred up with bushwhackers. They are plenty. Three good men robbed last night and this morning-Dr. Smith, J. W. Gamble, and Jacobs; all Union men. Let me hear from you soon.

Yours, as ever,

J. P. CLARK.

[Inclosure No. 2.] WESTON, MO., June 23, 1864.

J. B. MOULTON,

Esq.:

DEAR SIR: Before the arrival of your letter from Saint Joseph to me Mr. Horace May had left for Atchison and the East, and said if he could find the profile, &c., he would send to you. I hope he has done so already. He will not be back for four or five weeks. The country is still very much disturbed, and I do not think it prudent to make any trip along the line of the road. The prejudice against Leavenworth and Kansas would be sufficient to have the party fired upon by the bushwhackers.

Yours, truly,

JOHN DONIPHAN.

