
CIRCULAR. HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, No. 7. Warrensburg, Mo., June 25, 1864.

The following signals and pass-words for July, 1864, will be transmitted by sub-district commanders to the commanding officer of each scout, detachment, or escort detailed from their respective commands, every precaution being taken to prevent their being known to unauthorized persons: During the daytime the commanding officer of a scout, detachment, or escort, on observing the approach of a party or body of men, will ride a few paces in advance of his command and raising his hat or cap, with arm extended at full height, will lower it slowly and place it upon his head. The commanding officer of the party thus challenged will immediately answer the same by raising the hat or cap from the head and extending the arm a full length horizontally, bringing the arm back slowly and replacing the hat or cap upon the head. The signal to be given and answered, where the nature of the ground will permit, before the parties have approached nearer than from 300 to 350 yards.

At night the party who first discovers the approach of another, when within challenging distance, will cry out loud and distinctly, "Halt!" and the party thus challenged will immediately answer, "Lyon," to be followed by a counter challenge of "Who comes there?" to which the party last challenged will answer, "Reno." The failure of either party to answer promptly and correctly will be the signal to commence firing. The badges to be worn during the month of July will be as follows: On the odd days, as the 1st, 3rd 5th, 7th, &amp;c., a red strip of cloth fastened around the hat or cap, and on the even days of the month, as the 2nd, 4th, 6th, 8th, &c., a white strip will be worn in the same manner, the colors alternating each day.

Special care will be taken to avoid mishaps through negligence or the failure on the part of the men to change the badges as herein directed.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEDALIA, MO., June 25, 1864. (Received 9.45 p.m.)

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

Nothing new from scouts. All quiet as heard from.

GEO. H. HALL,

Colonel, Commanding.

KNOBNOSTER, MO., June 25, 1864. (Received 7.45 a.m.)

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Found no guerrillas here. I will lie in the brush to-day, and will return to this place this evening.

THOS. W. HOUTS,

Major, Commanding Scout.

