
KNOBNOSTER, MO., June 25, 1864.

(Received 5.15 p. m.)

Captain STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

I have thoroughly scouted the brush surrounding this place and find no trails of guerrillas. Citizens of the country know nothing about them. I have seen none. I await orders.

THOS. W. HOUTS,

Major, Commanding scout.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 25, 1864-5.20 p. m.

Major T. W. HOUTS,

Knobnoster, Mo.:

Return with your command to this station.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP SMITH, NEAR RAYTOWN, MO., June 25, 1864.

Major J. L. PRITCHARD:

SIR: In obedience to your orders I left camp at 6 p. m. on the 23rd, with 10 men, and proceeded through the woods by the line of railroad to the lower crossing of the Little Blue. Found where some bushwhackers had crossed and gone toward Independence. Followed up the creek, and camped by the road to Pleasant Hill. 24th, scouted through the woods and followed the road on the track of some bushwhackers who came to the railroad; camped at 10 p. m. near the railroad. 25th, marched at 3 a. m., and scouted through the woods up the Blue; saw no fresh signs of the enemy; marched northeast and reached camp at 1 p. m. I am positive that there is no camp of the enemy on Little Blue, as we thoroughly searched from the lower crossing up to the crossing near Hickman Mills.

I have the honor to be,, sir, your most obedient servant,

PHILIP HAYES,

Corpl., Company E, Second Colorado Cavalry.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., June 25, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

One of my scouts is in from Northeastern Arkansas and reports that on last Thursday morning General Shely's headquarters were at Smithville, in Lawrence County, and General McRae was at Smith's Mills, on Spring river, not far from Salem; that a captain of Shelby's command told him that they were all going to concentrate at Salem and move upon Rolla or springfield very soon. He says they have a train and are still running all the mills. The force under Shelby is estimated by the people in the country about him at 4,000, but my scout thinks he has not more than 2,000 effective men.

Saw and heard nothing of artillery.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General.

