HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 25, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: My frequent telegrams to your headquarters have kept you advised of the condition of affairs in this district. Disorder and disturbances have, in some localities, materially increased, but in the greater porion of the district all is quiet. I have ceased not to labor day and night, with words, sword, and pen, to put down lawlessness and wrong, and to give assurance of quiet, peace, and good order. I confess that I have never before had so difficult a problem assigned to myself for solution. The political conflict which for the next few months is certain to add to our sorrows will be constantly opening up new channels for strife and discord, and unlocking the caves from which madly rush the ill winds that blow no good whatever. The loyal element of my district has been heretofore unhappily divided into as many factionsas there are tenses in the grammar. We have present, past, imperfect, perfect, and pluperfect loyalty, each class of loyalists disturbing the others, and wasting energies in crimination and recrimination that ought to be devoted to the salvation of the country. I have endeavored to unite these discordant elements, and have been measurably successful.

In calling militia into service I have been careful to select the best of officers and men-men of character, property, position, and influence, of decided loyalty, yet free from violent prejudices. Not-withstanding all my care in these particulars, bad officers and unprincipled men will get into power and position in some localities, but they are promptly relieved and punished for their wrongs when authenticated complaints reach me.

I here repeat what I have in former communications expressed, that the Enrolled Missouri Militia, as such, cannot be made effective, and I respectfully renew the suggestion that a regularly organized force of U. S. volunteers, to serve for, say, 150 days, be immediately placed on duty in this district and throughout your department.

The volunteer organizations would at once break down the partition walls of loyal and disloyal militia. I believe that two such regiments, organized with care and well officered, would be of great service to the district. I would be glad to give personal attention to the organization of such a force. Neither you nor I can possibly please very body; good men will complain of our action; delegations of all sorts will besiege you with complaints against certain militia on duty in this district: changes will be pressed upon your consideration, and not a few will advise you that there is no necessity for a single soldier north of the river. The outs want their ins.

The Paw Paw militia on duty in Caly and Platte Counties ought to be relieved altogether. I have carefully weeded out from among them every man who has heretofore been in the rebel service, and added to them as good materia as the counties afford, but they cannot, or will not, be made effective against guerrillas and bushwhackers. They will fight nothing but thieves, and they must be Kansas thieves at that.

I have just returned from a trip to the lower counties, where I convened delegations from each county of the men of the greatest

