
wealth and influence, and Southern sympathizers at that. I assured these gentleman that I had not called them together to say one word about the past; that although they had been reported to my headquarters for arrest, yet I now met them as friends and had come to place the salvation of their own hands; that they must speedily drive out the murdering guerrillas or a storm would break upon them whose fury neither you nor I nor any other earthly power could arrest. The same desolation that had been visited upon Jackson and other counties would inevitably come upon Platte and Clay unless all good citizens, irrespective of bygones, should promptly combine and co-operate in giving security to life and property. I believe that my mission among them in that particular will result in good. the people have entered upon my plan with enthusiasm, and old neighbors long estranged have renewed their friendship and united in a covenant to maintain peace and quiet, and put down wrong in all.

In the counties of Andrew, Buchanan, Clay, and Platte there is nothing but Paw Paw militia. The Governor has not as yet recognized any other, and consequently I must make the best possible use of them. Their officers tell me that they can better manage a portion (say one-half) of them in the ranks than in the brush, for if disbanded altogether they would promptly re-enforce their brethren who make up the bulk of the corps de bush of Northwest Missouri. what a commentary upon patriotism and loyal service; and in making this statement I do "nothing extenuate nor set down aught in malice." I have canvassed well the rise and progress of the Paw Paw nation, and am accused by good men of having an admiration for the tribe. I cannot give you all the points that lead me to the conclusion herein expressed, and I never could have reached a correctly understanding of the case had I not personally inspected and watched the workings of this anomalous organization. With the Paw Paws on one hand and Truman on the other. I have been most industriously employed in raking after. I will most cheerfully receive and gladly obey your every suggestion and command, and trust I amy often be benefited by your good counsel.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

The commanding general observes that you issue two separate series of special orders from the headquarters District of North Missouri, numbered and dated alike, but referring to entirely different subjects, and signed by different staff officers; one set sent to General Gray, the other to these headquarters. This is an irregularity which must cease. All orders which you may have issued calling into service the Enrolled MIsssouri Militia without express authority from Major-General Rosecrans will be suspended until further orders.

By order of Major-General Pleasonton:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

