
collective strength to defend themselves and their homes. Consequently many have begun to day that the time has come for the Union element to band itself into companies of secret combinations, and with such defend themselves and mete out justice to all rebels and rebel sympathizers in their own way, regardless of all law and order. Think, my dear friend General Fisk, what a hell upon earth men released form all restraint are able to kindle, and I am afraid the authorities are indirectly, if not directly, producing this state of things in our Stae by their mistaken policy of conciliation toward rebels and their sympathizers, consequently responsible for the terrible conflagration that is now in embryo, and may be ignited by some apparently insignificant spark. Two men have been ordered to leave town for their rebel sympathies and language. Should they return I have no doubt but death would be the consequence. Again, I am reliably informed by Major Johnson, and he tells me he has it from negroes or a negro, that a man named Webb Shaw, down at Prairieville, was organizing a rebel company to make a raid on this place some night. He did not wish it to be generally known, for fear of producing a general state of alarm among the citizens of Louisiana. He seems to believe the report, and in consequence the Buffalo League have met, organized, and are prepared to defend themselves as they pass through their part of the county to us here. I do sincerely think, my dear friend General Fisk, that it would be a great act of humanity to order some troops to this point, with orders to punish criminals and protect the loyal, and I have no doubt that it would arrest that fearful state of things much more than we perhaps anticipate. If we cannot have our own militia, send us a company of Kansas men. They are a perfect terror to all rebels around. This, general, I have written you in the spirit of freedom, friendship, candor, only desirous of the good of our cause from Minnesota to Texas; therefore I will add no more at present, as Captain Baxter is ordered by the League to visit you personally in regard to the state of affairs here in Louisiana and Pike County. Consequently I bid you farewell for the present, and subscribe myself,

Your dear friend, general, and obedient servant,

WM. FULLER.

LOUISIANA, PIKE COUNTY, MO., June 25, 1864.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: The undersigned, members of the National Union League of Louisiana, and loyal citizens of Pike County, have learned whit some surprise that Captain H. Baxter, Company B, Forty-ninth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, has been relieved from duty, and his company ordered to be disbanded. We were truly gratified when first advised of this company being called into service, as we have known the officers and men familiarly for years; known them to be truly loyal and patriotic supporters of the Union from Minnesota to Texas, and that it may ever remain one and inseparable. We have known them to be highly commended for their devotion and obedience to orders, and the deadly enemies of all bushwhackers, thieves, and robbers, as well as rebels, consequently we had ardently hoped that through their agency the depredations that had already commenced would have been speedily punished, so soon as they were properly equipped to do it.

