
We have no correct knowledge of the cause producing the order for their disbanding but from the notices published by certain newspapers of pretended loyalty in this vicinity.

We have supposed it possible the publishers may have made similar representations at headquarters, and thus brought about what we regard as a misfortune to the truly loyal Union element in this section of the country. Even at the moment of mustering the men out of service a deserter was brought in by a citizen, but there was no guard to take charge of him. It is well known that there are many deserters in the county that might long since have been arrested by loyal citizens, but for the want of arms or ammunition, and whom it has been hoped this company would have succeeded in arresting when armed. Some of the deserters are as well-know guerrillas and horse thieves as any in our State. Without some such body of men as the company of Captain Baxter the lives and property of loyal citizens are at the mercy of these miscreants. We feel assured no better company or more efficient officers can be found in our county. We take the libery of suggesting one consideration that in our opinion will render it imperatively necessary to have a military force on duty here. There have been about 600 persons in this county assessed with commutation tax, amounting to over $20,000, which is required to be collected by our collector. We are advised of many of these persons openly defying the civil or military power to collect this tax or to otherwise enforce the law.

We have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servants,

WM. FULLER,

President N. U. L. of Louisiana.

SAMUEL C. HASSLER,

[And 92 others.]
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., June 25, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE, Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two dispatches of 20th instant. In accordance with your instructions, I have directed a trusty non-commissioned officer and 10 men to be stationed for the protection of the coal miners on the Cottonwood River. Captain Fisk, assistant quartermaster, is stated to have arrived in this city several days since, but has not reported at these headquarters. My means for furnishing him with an escort are exceedingly limited, but if he will take advance of the protection that will be afforded as far as the James river by the detachment now at Fort Ridgely, designated to build fort Wadsworth, which will march on the arrival of the supply train now en route from Fort Snelling, I will direct a company of cavalry of that force to accompany Captain Fisk's train a part of the distance to Grand River, if, in Major Clowney's judgment, it will be safe for so small a force to do so. Since writhing the foregoing Captain Fisk has reported to me, and I have told him the substance of your instructions and my reply. He requires some quartermaster's and ordnance stores, which will be furnished him unless you direct otherwise.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

