HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, June 26, 1864.

Rear-Admiral D. D. PORTER,Commanding U. S. Mississippi Squadron, Mound City, Ill.:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 19th. Several of the suggestions made by you have already ben met, and the others soon will be. A force will be sent to Skipwith's Landing as soon as I can spare an engineer officer to superintend the works to be constructed there. One is now on the way out, and will be assigned to this duty as soon as he arrives. The protection of the leased plantations was apart of the understood policy of the Government, which I could not change without authority. That authority has now been received, and will at once be acted on.

I will assign a general officer or rank to the special duty of seeing that the provision of General Orders, Numbers 6, are carried out, and will give such instructions in relation to the duties of military commanders as that there shall be no complaint in the enforcement of the blockade. General instructions have also been prepared defining the duties of military commanders in relation to the boats on the river, which it is hoped will prevent supplies from reaching the rebels. I am very much obliged for the suggestions, and will always be happy to hear form you upon any subject, and especially upon those which relate to our common duties. I have directed copies of all general orders to be sent you, and will send to commanders of naval districts such as will give them information that may be useful.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., June 26, 1864.

Commodore J. S. PALMER,Commanding U. S. Naval Forces, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: The commanding general desires me to express his obligations to you for the tender of the eight 30-pounder Parrott guns for temporary service in the field, and to say that Brigadier-General Arnold, chief of artillery, will make the necessary arrangements for receiving the guns.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DE WITT CLINTON,

Captain and aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 49. New Orleans, La., June 26, 1864.

I. Captain B. F. Morey, Thirty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters in obedience to paragraph 1, Special Orders, Numbers 38, from these headquarters, is hereby assigned to duty as acting assistant adjutant-general, to ate from June 16, 1864, at which time he entered upon said duty.

