SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, La., June 26, 1864.

* * * * * * *

4. The Thirty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, designated as the Sixth Massachusetts Cavalry, will at once turn over their horses to the quartermaster, and their cavalry equipments, arms, &amp;c., to the ordnance officer of the cavalry force at Morganza, to be distributed in accordance with instructions from the chief of cavalry of the department, and will proceed without delay to New Orleans, and be reported to Brigadier-General Sherman, commanding Defenses of New Orleans, preparatory to receiving a veteran furlough.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. S. CROSBY,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Port Hudson, La., June 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans:

I have the honor respectfully to call the attention of the commanding of this department to the utter insufficiency of the cavalry force of this post. When the necessary details are made for our outlying pickets and patrol guard, nothing is left me at all adequate to furnishing proper cavalry accompaniment for enterprises in force against the enemy, who are constantly in striking distance of us. Colonel fonda reports 173 serviceable horses; the detachment of the Third Illinois Cavalry, 280. Each of these corps is wretchedly armed and equipped, as will be seen by reference to inspector's report. I would respectfully as that a full, well-mounted, and well-armed cavalry regiment be sent me, and that the above-mentioned regiment and detachment be equipped as asked by requisitions on file in the ordnance and quartermaster's offices at New Orleans.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE, Brownsville, Tex., June 26, 1864.

Brigadier Ben. WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The evacuation of Aransas has been completed and the troops, stores, and material safely landed here. Since my last to you, the First and Second Texas, with the exception of two companies, detained for picket duty, have been started for New Orleans. I gave several of the officers permission to remain until next steamer to settle up the business of the regiments as well as to attend to some private matters. General Ford is still pressing his way, having within a few days removed his headquarters form Ringgold Barracks to Edinburg, a small village about 80 miles above this, on the river. The day after the Texas cavalry left he received a report

