
heard nothing from Lieutenant Eayre, but know that eight days ago he was not at Fort Larned. I have used all means in my power to find out his whereabouts by sending a command in the direction of Smoky Hill Fork, under Lieutenant Oster, by sending an order to Lieutenant Wilson, in command of picket camp 60 miles east of this post, to throw his scouts down in the direction of Fort Larned for the purpose of gaining all information possible. I have also sent a request to the commanding officer of Fort Larned to endeavor, by means of scouts, &amp;c., to find out, if possible, the truth of the report contained in the telegram and send me word accordingly.

I am sorry to state that from information just received to-day the report sent forward by Major O'Brien bears an aspect of probability. From Major Colley, the Indian agent, just arrived here from Fort Larned, I learn that the Cheyennes in that neighborhood, upon hearing of Major Downing's fight, immediately started north after stealing a lot of ammunition and evincing hostile intentions. Not knowing how soon it might be necessary for me to send out a large command from this post, I have ordered Company L to report here for the present immediately. In regard to the threatened raid from Texas, I would state that my scouts from Red River have returned, bringing no information of any importance. I have still a picket camp 60 miles down the river, with vedettes thrown out in the direction of Northwestern Texas. I may be compelled, under existing circumstances and in the future, to assume some responsibilities which I sincerely hope will meet with the approval of the colonel commanding.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

E. W. WYNKOOP,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Fort Lyon.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., May 26, 1864. (Received 11.45 a.m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Sixth Minnesota goes this evening to Cairo by rail.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., May 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. G. FREUDENBERG,

Camp Randall, Madison, Wis.:

COLONEL: You will send one of your strongest companies without delay to Fort Snelling, Minn., to report to General Sibley for duty at that post. Captain Van Slyke, assistant quartermaster, will furnish transportation.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., May 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General SIBLEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

The disasters in Arkansas and Louisiana make it absolutely necessary that the Sixth Regiment go South. You will please put it in

