
that Brownsville was rapidly being evacuated, and at once pushed forward with 1,200 men, forcing my pickets back 20 miles and coming himself within 30 miles of this place. He there learned that there was some doubt about the truth of the report, and fell back. Bodies of his cavalry, 100 or 200 in number, are still hovering around within a circuit of 40 miles of here, watching an opportunity to strike the river below, and, if possible, interrupt our communication. My cavalry, 100 in number, are simply picketing the roads, and my intention is to let Ford come in and attack if he sees proper. It would be useless to go out with the infantry after him. The rebels in Matamoras are in great glee at the prospect, and seem to believe that we will be driven away form here in a short time.

It is stated by several persons just from the interior of Texas that General Polignac has been ordered to the Rio Grande, and will command on this frontier. They state that his old division, 2,500 strong, comes with him.

General Magruder was at San Antonio last week, and returned to Galveston after communicating with Ford. There is nothing of special interest from the interior of Mexico. The Juarez government is gradually dying out, judging from appearances, and the people seem to be willing to have any kind of a ruler if the war will cease. The French, under Du Pris, have occupied Victoria, the capital of Tamaulipas. Cortina, with 500 men and six pieces of artillery, is on his way to meet them, but will not do anything. He was at last account about 115 miles from Matamoras, moving toward Victoria. Shortly after he left Matamoras, moving toward Victoria. Shortly after he left Matamoras, two French war vessels, accompanied by supply boats, made their appearance off the mouth of the Rio Grande, and are still there. I cannot learn whether or not they have troops on board. Inclosed find a letter received by me from cortina a few days since. From it you will see he has laid out work for me, should the French as at Rio Del Bravo.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

MATAMORAS, June 21, 1864.

Major General F. J. HERRON:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit to you a letter* sent to me by my brother for you. You will thereby see that the ruthless Du Pris has invaded Victoria, and that my brother is preparing to chastise him. Both he and I feel encouraged by the favorable disposition which you have manifested to assist us. this case is one of necessity, and interests both nations, for if the French an the traitors should occupy the State, especially this frontier, the consequences would perhaps be fatal to the cause which you defend and which the United States uphold. I again beg you to have the kindness to send me the extradition law, that I may have a new edition of it prepared.

I have the honor again to sign myself, your obedient servant,

J. N. CORTINA.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

