
appearance of enemy. Visited Harrison's Ferry. Could learn of no enemy on this side of side o f river for some time past. No news from General Carr.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. MIZNER.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., June 26, 1864.

Colonel M. M. TRUMBULL,

Commanding Ninth Iowa Cavalry:

Before the general left here he directed me to order your command to Devall's Bluff. You will therefore proceed to Devall's Bluff and report to the commanding officer.

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, June 26, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. THAYER,

Commanding District of the Frontier:

GENERAL: Order the Ninth Kansas Cavalry to report to these headquarters as soon as practicable, passing down on the north side of the river. The rebels appear to be advancing on this side of the Arkansas. Price is reported this morning at Rockport and intends to make a junction with Fagan in a day or two, this side of the Saline. General Carr was fighting with Shelby last evening 2 miles east of Clarendon; result not known. There is also a force of the enemy at Monticello and on Bayou Bartholomew. Keep a sharp lookout for Cooper, and if he comes in this direction follow him up whit all the forces that can be spared from your district. The Second Arkansas Infantry is ordered up the river above Dardanelle to recruit. They want 40 men to fill up.

FRED'S STEELE,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER, Fort Smith, Ark., June 26, 1864.

GENERAL: I have nothing of special interest to communicate. Everything is quiet in this region, and also at Gibson and the other outposts. I regret that the cavalry sent by me to unite whit the one sent by you to Polk County failed to meet it. I selected one of my best cavalry officers for the command of it. I selected one of my best cavalry officers for the command of it. Within the first 50 miles over 40 horses gave out from exhaustion, owing to the heat and having been fed only on grass. I have forage now, so that they can have half rations. In making the charge on Well's battalion, the men lost nearly all their rations. I am convinced that there is no enemy in force in Polk County or vicinity.

Cooper is to the southwest of this, about 80 or 90 miles, in the vicinity of Perryville. Maxey is somewhere to his rear, and deserters represent them both as having from 4,000 to 6,000 men, an say the talk in their camps is that they are coming to Fort smith. My impression is that their object is to gather up stock and also to hold this force here. Fort Gibson is now well fortified; so is Feyette-

