
ville and Clarksville. An ox-team train arrived at Fort Gibson a few days ago from Fort Scott with commissaries; unloaded and returned again to Fort Scott for another lot. I have a train also of one hundred 6-mule teams now on the way from Fort Scott to Fort Gibson, loaded with supplies.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, June 26, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN B. GRAY,Adjutant-General of Missouri:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding requests that you send a sufficient force of Enrolled Missouri Militia to guard the bridges at Mexico and Perruque as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully,

BEN. M. PIATT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. STATE OF MISSOURI, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, June 27, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

There are no Enrolled Militia in service at present who receive orders from these headquarters. All such as are now on dutch are under the control of U. S. officers. Is it desired that a force of Enrolled Missouri Militia shall be called into service for this purpose? If so, please state the number of men required, the probable length of service, and information as to whom the commanding officer thereof shall report, in order to draw supplies and to make proper returns.

By order of the Governor:

JOHN B. GRAY,Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 26, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I inspected and reviewed all the troops at this place, and yesterday continued my examination of regimental and company books, &amp;c. I have yet the quartermaster's, commissary, hospital, and provost-marshal's departments to examine. I hope to finish up business here by Wednesday next, and shall then proceed to Major Neill's camp at Tabo, 20 miles north of this, where the headquarters of eight companies are. From the numerous reports of scouts daily returning to General Brown's headquarters his troops appear to be very active, and, in my opinion, are doing good service.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General and Inspector-General.

