
After night I crossed the prairie and scouted on the head of Muddy Creek until midnight, returning to Clear Fork about 2 o'clock on the morning of the 21st. The 21st and 22nd we spent as the preceding days, scouting on Cleark Fork, with nothing of interest transpiring. During the night of the 22nd I again crossed the prairie, and after scouting on Muddy Creek until midnight, I camped at Albert Cooper's until the morning of the 23rd, when one Mrs. Styles, living south of Cooper's, reported that 2 horses had been stolen from her during the night by bushwhackers. I proceeded to her house immediately, struck the trail of the thieves and followed them to high point of Tedbo, where I learned that they were militiamen from Shanghai. I then camped for the night and sent Sergeant Thornton with 6 men to the house of one Bradley, who is suspected by his neighbors of giving aid and comfort to guerrillas.

The sergeant proceeded according to instructions, and learned that said Bradley had formerly belonged to Jackman's band, but could get no information in regard to guerrillas which were now supposed to be in that vicinity. The sergeant says that his interview with Bradley was interesting, and if necessary he can give a more elaborate account of what transpired. On the morning of the 24th instant I returned to Clear Fork, but found no guerrillas, nor could I see any sign of any. at night I camped at Creigs, and on the morning of the 25th I returned to Warrensburg, having marched during the whole scout a distance of 100 miles. Colonel, there are three or four families of Bates County refugees, living on Clear Fork, who, I have every reason to believe, encourage and aid bushwhackers, and I would respectfully recommend that they be removed from the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES M. TURLEY,

Captain Company D, Seventh Cav., Missouri State Militia.

CAMP GROVER, Near Warrensburg, Mo., June 26, 1864.

Captain STEGER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders received June 24, I moved with 100 men of Seventh Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, to Knobnoster, Mo., where I found a detachment of the First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, commanded by a sergeant. I could get no reliable information there. I moved east and north, scouted the country thoroughly, found no enemy nor heard of any.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. W. HOUTS,

Major Seventh Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

IN CAMP, Pattersom, June 26, 1864.

Major JAMES WILSON,

Commanding Third Cavalry, Missouri State Militia:

SIR: In obedience to orders of the 24th, I proceeded whit the detachment, 50 men, on scout to Doniphan. Sent a sergeant with 12 men on the Reeves' Station road; with balance took the State road,

