
and halted at a point 15 miles from the town. At 4 a. m. the 25th, started forward without any sign of rebels till within 6 miles of town. Two men were discovered skedaddling for the brush; pursuit made, but they had too much start and escaped. Reports here told us that Johnson with a force of some 300 was in town, others that but a picket force was there.

Reconnoitered, and discovering no appearance of a force charged at a venture, and only got a glimpse of 3 making for the river. Some of the boys went in pursuit, firing a couple of shots after them as they made the brush on the opposite side of the Currant. From all that I have been able to learn of the enemy, Shelby, with (report says) 3,000 to 4,000, is stationed at or near Jacksonport, whit a detachment at Pocahontas. Provisions and forage short. Returned to camp this day. I would respectfully suggest that, for the good of the cause and a terror to the rebels, the next scout be directed to burn the town of Doniphan.

Respectfully,

H. A. RICE,

Captain, Commanding Scout.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., June 26, 1864.

General FISK,Saint Joseph, Mo.:

There was no reproof or rebuke intended to you in my telegram with reference to the calling out of the Enrolled Missouri Militia. I do not doubt that the general authorized all you did, but, unfortunately, he scarcely had the power to do so. My object is to straighten the matter and put it on a basis that will secure the State of Missouri and the General Government from fraud o r imposition in the way of after claims. All militia should be called into service by the Governor, upon formal requisitions of the proper military commander. The department commander has no authority to call out militia in any other way.

This formality should be observed, for otherwise all claims and accounts will be thrown out when brought before the Treasury. I will furnish the copies of letters and telegrams you desire if your records do not have them. Since noting above, I have seen Captain Eno's dispatch of yesterday. It is not the intention in that dispatch to revoke any of your orders as to those troops which you have already called out, nor to direct you to disband any. My understanding of it is that you should report to these headquarters your needs of militia when you want them called out, and how many, to enable the commanding general to make the proper requisition for them.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KANSAS CITY, June 26, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

Two good Union citizens were murdered in our county last night at their own house by bushwhackers-Captain Bigelow and his brother. the guerrillas are traveling about in broad daylight, and

