
it appears that there is no one to make them afraid. We are lying here doing nothing, which is unaccountable to us. Another Union man, by the name of Bailey, is missing, and we cannot tell what has become of him. What shall we do?

C. J. WHITE,

Captain, &amp;c.
HDQRS. 9TH CAV., MISSOURI STATE MILITIA, Macon, June 26, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I leave on the train to-morrow morning (Monday) for Centralia, where I shall meet the scout that left here Saturday morning (or a part of it), and shall scour the Perche Hills and find the drill grounds and camps of the rebel bands reported there. If the reports we hear are true, I shall make a thorough scouring of that section before I return. The command at La Fayette is so weakened by syphilis (from vaccination) that they cannot furnish many men for scouting purposes. I should like to concentrate the main force for scouting purposes. I should like to concentrate the main force for scouting purposes at the most available point, which is Renick. If deemed advisable, instruct me on my return to do so.

JOHN F. WILLIAMS,Colonel, Commanding.

OMAHA, NEBR. TER., June 26, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

A. A. G., Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Sioux attacked a party cutting hay near Pawnee Agency on night of 24th; killed and wounded 4 persons. Captain David, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, is in pursuit whit his company. I start west to-morrow, and shall probably get after the Indians somewhere on my line.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

OMAHA, June 26, 1864.

Major JOHN S. WOOD, Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter.:

Look out for paries of Sioux going south. It is thought that those that committed the outrages at Pawnee will pass south via Kearny.

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OMAHA, June 26, 1864.

Major GEORGE M. O'BRIEN, Cottonwood Springs, Nebr. Ter.:

Have a gun squad organized from your dismounted men under command of Captain O'Brien. There are four mountain howitzers here. they will be sent west to-morrow.

By command of General Mitchell:

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

