
WASHINGTON, D. C., June 27, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: Your note of the 24th is received and has been submitted to the Secretary of War. As both the Secretary and myself strongly opposed the appointment of General Rosecrans to the Department of the Missouri it is not probable that we can effect any change a the present time. General Crocker's resignation has not been accepted, and he has been ordered to New Mexico for the benefit of his health. I hear no complaints of General Washburn at Memphis or of General Slocum at Vicksburg. I believe that it was partly through them that the frauds to which I referred were developed. Many of these frauds seem to have their source in agents of the Treasury Department, and to be connected with trade licenses and the leasing and stocking of abandoned plantations. Cotton trading and speculation seem to be the main levers of corruption and fraud on the Mississippi, both in the army and navy. I hope Congress will enable us to make a draft soon. Unless the commutation clause is repealed we can get no men, and our armies are melting away at a frightful rate. We must have some means of keeping up the supply or we go to the wall.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., June 27, 1864.

Brigadier General RICHARD DELAFIELD, U. S. ARMY,Chief Engineer:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 25th ultimo, requesting that Captain J. C. Palfrey, Corps of Engineers, may be relieved from duty at the headquarters Department of the Gulf, and to inform you that the desired change was made by General Banks before the receipt of your communication.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD, WEST GULF SQUADRON, Off Mobile, June 27, 1864.

Major-General CANBY, Commanding Dept. of the Gulf:

GENERAL: Your note was duly received, but I have had a little breakdown among my small vessels, and the yellow fever having been imported into Pensacola has prevented my answering sooner. I had sent all my spare guns to Pensacola and told him that you want the 100-pounder rifles and that he must be content whit the 11-inch guns for the fort. I have only one 100-pounder Parrott and two 150-pounder Parrotts, but, general, anything that we are not using will be at your service at all times.

Very respectfully,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

