
motion for Cairo by rail without delay. It is to report at Helena, Ark. You can retain 400 men of Thomas' force. Full instructions by mail to-day. Don't leave Saint Paul until you receive them.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., May 26, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota:

GENERAL: I sent you a dispatch this morning directing that the Sixth Minnesota proceed without delay to Helena. The disasters in Arkansas and Louisiana have been so serious, and the condition of affairs in that region so threatening, that the Secretary of War considers it essential that the Sixth be sent. We must therefore do the best we can without it. You were authorized in my dispatch of this date to retain 400 men of Thomas' force. Of course we must for the present suspend the attempt to establish the post at Devil's Lake, but the post on James River must be begun as soon as we reasonably can.

It is altogether unlikely that Indian raids will continue more than a few weeks, and when they cease, as they doubtless will do soon after Thomas moves, I think you can readily resume the plan we have laid out. You will have four companies of the Second Cavalry, four of Hatch's battalion, and the 400 men you are authorized to withhold from Thomas. These will be enough, I am sure, to guard your frontier and to establish the post on James River. If we cannot do better, Sully's campaign (at least that portion of it east of the Missouri River) must be brought to an end in time for the proposed garrison for Devil's Lake, to transport its stores from the post on the Missouri and establish the post. We will, however, see about this as the season progresses. The post on James River is a necessity, and I rely upon you to see that it is located as soon as practicable. We must do the best we can with the means left us and depend upon renewed energy and activity to accomplish our purposes. I shall send a copy of this letter to Sully, who will doubtless be as much disappointed as yourself.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT PAUL, May 26, 1864.

Major General J. POPE:

GENERAL: Your dispatch received, and orders will be immediately issued accordingly. Shall I continue preparations for the posts at James River and Devil's Lake? I shall have no adequate force to establish them unless I denude the frontier of troops, which you probably do not intend.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

