
quiet than at any time since the commencement of the war. In the lower part of Buchanan and in Platte, Caly, Ray, Carrol, and in the river counties lower down, Union men-that is, those known as Lincoln men-are in great numbers, sleeping whit their families in the brush for fear of outrages from guerrillas. Every man who is a friend of the Administration is marked as a radical, and their extermination is as freely canvassed as if thy were outlaws of the most odious character.

Whilst I now write, a band of guerrillas are in the brush not more than 13 miles from this post. the rebel sympathizers, who at first seemed to lathe these guerrilla operations, are beginning to look to them for protection. Confederate soldiers now ride boldly, and in open day, over a portion of this county and in Platte and Clay. Yesterday, just below our city, they dispersed a religious meeting. they freely say that they will shortly take possession of Northwest Missouri and kill and drive out every damned abolitionist. Our loyal militia, although long since organized, have no commissions from the State authorities. I can prove that the guerrillas recently sent word to Major Clar, of Platte County, that they would not hurt any of his men, but if he wanted any assistance against the radicals to call on them.

General Fisk has done all that a man can do to restore order, but he has no force. Two hundred men could capture this city against any soldiers on duty at this post. I firmly believe it will be done unless prompt steps are taken. I am doing my duty as well as I can by arresting all violates of the law, without regard to party or political feeling, but I assure you the dangers here are more pressing than at any time since the commencement of the war. Let me assure you that the line of demarkation between the opponents of the Administration and the guerrillas is now very faintly drawn and growing less every day. I would not out of the blood and sufferings of meant seek to make political capital, but it does appear to me that our enemies have adopted that programme.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. M. BASSETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

DAVIES COUNTY, MO., June 27, 1864.

General FISK:

DEAR SIR: Permit met o drop you a few lines in regard to the situation and deplorable condition of our county at this time. We are left here without anything to defend ourselves with, surrounded by guerrillas, horse thieves, and bushwhackers, and the Paw Paw militia drilling around us. The situation and condition of our county at the present looks deplorable. The Enrolled Militia of the county are adequate to the task, if they had arms and ammunition to defend themselves with. That is the cry of every Union man that you can talk with, and it is a common inquiry, why, in the name of God, what is the reason that the head commanders do not arm the militia companies of the State, or even one or two companies in a county? If they have got to take care of the State, why don't they give them a chance to do it? This is the common and every-day inquiry.

