
Sir, through the repeated solicitations of the company which I have the honor to command, I thus address your honor, in order to know whether or not there is any chance for us to be armed and stationed at the county seat or some other suitable place, or a portion of the company to guard the arms, that we may have them at the instant when we have occasion to use them. I am almost forced to thus address you on account of the repeated solicitations of my company, but, as an honest man, I believe that if the militia is not armed in part or in toto in a short time the county will be overrun by the enemy. Will you please to answer this soon and let me know if there is any chance to get arms for my company?

Yours, whit respect,

DANIEL LEABO,

Captain, Commanding Co. A, Thirty-third Regiment E. M. M. BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

I was elected by the company since Captain Merritt Givens was killed. Post-office address, Kidder, Caldwell County, Mo.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General McKEAN,

Paola, Kans.:

Major McKenny has returned and reports from Larned. A stockade and 25 men under Lieutenant Clar, Seventh Iowa, holds Salina. At Smoky Fork he erected block-house and left Lieutenant Ellsworth with 40 men. At Walnut Creek, 40 miles this side Larned, commenced stone fort, and left Captain Dunlap with 45 men, Fifteenth Kansas. At Larned directed a field-work and gave general directions to escort stages. Indians generally quiet, but the Cheyennes preparing for mischief. Later news of a fight whit escort between Larned and Lyon, in which 6 Indians were killed and 2 of our men wounded.

The major thinks some sort of defensive work should be made at or near Cow Creek, on old Santa Fe road. I had also ordered a block-house at Council Grove, but for want of axes they have done nothing. Forces coming from Colorado are at Fort Lyon. When they get through to Larned and Walnut Creek matters there will be strong. A good commander of that region must be arranged. Captain Parmetar, at Larned, must be immediately disposed of.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, KANS., June 27, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth Kans.:

I authorized Captain Dodge, at Council Grove, to purchase tools to build with, and he has probably done so by this time. I have been considering for some time past the matter of another commander at Larned, but have not one that I would like to send their that could be spared from here. It is an important point.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

