
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, Louisville, June 28, 1864.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Washington, D. C.:

I inclose the original of a dispatch* from Major-General Canby, the contents of which were transmitted by telegraph to Major-General Halleck to-day. Copies of this dispatch I have forwarded to the principal quartermasters at cincinnati, saint Louis, Cairo, Nashville, and other pints. The police at these places will be on the alert, and other points. The police at these places will be on the alert, and the quartermasters are admonished to increased watchfulness.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General and chief Quartermaster.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., June 28, 1864.

Captain PRICHETT, U. S. Navy,Mouth of White River:

CAPTAIN: Lieutenant Melville, aide-de-camp, has been ordered to proceed to Little Rock, Ark., for the purpose of communicating whit Major-General Steele. Will you do me the favor to facilitate his passing up White River to Devall's in any way that you can conveniently?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

U. S. GUN-BOAT HASTINGS, Off Mouth White River, June 28, 1864.

Major-General CANBY, U. S. Army,

Commanding Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: From information deemed reliable I learn that Shelby attacked our gun-boat at Clarendon on Friday morning, the 24th, capturing and burning her, and that firing from gun-boats coming down from Devall's Bluff was heard on that and the two succeeding days. No communication of any kind has been had north of Devall's Bluff since that time. Marmaduke, it is believed, occupies Red Fork Landing, on the Arkansas, having whit him a very considerable force and a numerous park of artillery. It is supposed he designs cutting General Steele's communications by occupying the bluffs on the west side of the White River. There are three of the light gunboats at Devall's Bluff, and the fact that none have come through, and no transport as well, leads me to suppose that the blockade of the river has thus far been maintained against our force.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. L. PHELPS,

Lieutenant Commander, Commanding District Mississippi Squadron.

See p. 456.

37 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT IV

