
and be reported, through the commanding officer at that point, to the chief of cavalry. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

17. The Second Louisiana Mounted Infantry, now at Greenville, will march immediately to Port Hudson, and be reported to the officer commanding that post, to relieve the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry.

18. The One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, immediately on being relieved at Port Hudson by the Second Louisiana Mounted Infantry, will march to Baton Rouge, and be reported for duty to the commanding officer at that point.

19. The Eleventh New York Cavalry, now opposite Donaldsonville, will march immediately to Baton Rouge, and be reported for duty to the commanding officer at that point.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., June 28, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,Little Rock, Ark.:

An expedition will start in the direction of Mobile about the 6th proximo. A. J. Smith will start from the neighborhood of Memphis about the 2nd to operate against Forrest. A command will start from Vicksburg and another from a point in the neighborhood of Baton Rouge for the purpose of diverting the attention of the enemy, and I wish you to make a demonstration in the direction of Price's forces that will prevent their coming down upon the river while these operations are pending.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

HELENA, ARK., June 28, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: From two sources of information I learn positively that Shelby's force has got this side of White River, and on the 24th instant captured the gun-boat Queen City, Captain Hickey, near Clarendon. Colonel Dobbin is 18 miles west of this place, across Big Creek, with a cavalry brigade, estimated at from 1,000 to 2,000 men. He holds as prisoners a master's mate and 19 seamen of the Queen City. He has sent me a flag of truce, offering to exchange for Lieutenant Casteel and other guerrillas, of whom I made you a special report. Shelby's force is estimated at 2,500 men. They had artillery, with which they disabled the gun-boat and have taken from hr nine pieces of heavy artillery, with all the ammunition and stores of the boat. I am also informed that Shelby is fortifying Clarendon. I made you a special report on the route from this place to Devall's Bluff, to keep open the communication with General Steele,

