HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 26, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state, in reply to your dispatch of 21st instant, received last evening, that I telegraph the facts in regard to the recent Indian raids principally because I deemed it important to inform you at the earliest moment of the danger threatening the Iowa frontier, which I had reason to believe was less efficiently defended than that of this State, that you might give such orders in the case as you might deem necessary. In accordance with your instructions given me verbally while in Milwaukee, I have taken every means in my power to prevent the circulation of sensation rumors from the frontier, and with this particular purpose in view I have had interviews with the manages of the Press and Pioneer newspapers of this city, and promised, if they would cease to publish the exaggerated reports which were in circulation, to furnish them such authentic intelligence of operations on the frontier as I should deem proper to have published. This has been done, and the consequence is that the excitement attendant upon the late raids has been neither widespread nor injurious.

It is quite impossible to keep secret any of these outrages on the border, and the course I have pursued is the only one which seems to promise success in quelling needless alarm connected with the hostile demonstration of the savages. The suggestions made by you as to the mode of march of Thomas' column will be communicated to him, and carried out when circumstances render it safe for him to separate his command while on the march. I had the honor to inclose for your information yesterday copy* of my instructions to Colonel Thomas, which I believe embody your views and intentions so far as it was necessary to indicate them, he being also furnished with such a portion of your directions to General Sully and myself as are applicable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., May 26, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Commanding District of Iowa:

GENERAL: I transmit inclosed copy of a letter+ to General Sibley, which, as you will perceive, somewhat diminishes the force to join you from Minnesota. Sibley will send you 1,100 mounted men, beside Brackett's battalion and the artillery. At least 1,500 men will join your from Minnesota. With his force joined to what you have in your own district you will be obliged to conduct your operations. If you think it absolutely essential, call on the Governor of Iowa to send four or five companies of the new National Guard or militia which he is raising to the frontier of Iowa, to such points as you wish to guard. This will render it unnecessary for you to leave any more of your original force behind than you had first proposed.

---------------

*See p.40.

+See p.57.

---------------

