
recommending that earth-works be established at Big Creek, and a bridge built and maintained there, and that a fort be built on the river near clarendon large enough to protect a depot of stores.

My applications for troops to General Steele have not been answered. I have only a sufficient number to hold this place. I have, properly, no light artillery. I use two pieces without caissons, manned by a detachment of colored troops. I have but 289 cavalry for the field. The country presents the obstacles of thick underbrush, cypress swamps, and narrow roads, and not a Union man to be relied upon on the route. The distance to Clarendon by the shortest road is 50 miles. From Clarendon to Devall's Bluff the route is on the west side of the river. The water communication is good, if amply protected by gun-boats. Captain Phelps, U. S. Navy, has been up White River, and has returned, ordering the only gunboat in this vicinity to join him. I have made application to General Washburn for 1,000 good infantry and one regiment of cavalry and one battery of light artillery. I think affairs in this State demand your prompt action. I am exceedingly doubtful about General Washburn being able to send me any troops, except 100-days' men.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Memphis, Tenn., June 28, 1864.

Brigadier General N. B. BUFORD,Commanding District of Eastern Arkansas, Helena, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have sent everything out after forrest, infantry, cavalry, and artillery. I have not a single battery here. I much retreat that I cannot send a force to help you clean out Shelby. If you are yourself in danger and want another regiment of 100-days' men, I will send them, or I will send a cavalry force after Shelby as soon as my expedition, now out, returns, which will not be for fifteen or twenty days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 28, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Will stay a few days. Dispatch me any important news, or if needed answer immediately, care Charles Davenport.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

HDQRS. STATE OF MISSOURI, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Saint Louis, June 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. DOUGLASS,

Commanding Eighth Mil. Dist., Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: In compliance whit a request from the major-general commanding the department, an official copy of which is herewith

