
inclosed, I am directed by His Excellency the Governor to instruct you to call out from the Enrolled Missouri Militia, in the vicinity of the places mentioned in the communication of General Rosecrans, two companies of Enrolled Missouri Militia, to serve for the term of 100 days, unless sooner relieved, the commanding officers of which to be ordered to report at once by letter to Brigadier General C. B. Fisk, Commanding officers of these companies will make requisition upon General Fisk for the necessary supplies, &amp;c., accompanied whit a proper return showing the strength, &c., of the command. As intimated by General rosecrans, thee two companies will be mustered into the U. S. service and paid by the General Government, if they desire.

I reaming, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, June 28, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN B. GRAY,Adjt. General of Misssouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to desire His Excellency the Governor to call into active service for the period of 100 days two companies of infantry, Enrolled Missouri, Militia, to report to Brigadier-General Fisk, commanding North Missouri District, for duty in guarding the railroad bridges at Mexico and Perruque. If the companies so desire they will be mustered into the U. S. service and paid by the United States.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 107. Saint Louis, Mo., June 28, 1864.

PEOPLE OF MISSOURI:

For several months I have been carefully considering your situation, influenced by a due sense of the responsibility of my position and a sincere desire for your welfare. With a great and populous State, a fertile soil, vast mineral wealth, supplied whit outlets by water and railroad for all you production, no actual war within your borders for the last two years, and yet plundering, robbery, and arson have prevailed everywhere to a certain extent, except at points garrisoned by troops and some few strictly loyal sections of the State.

Daily appeals come ot me from all quarters, invoking protection for persons, property, industry, and its fruits, accompanied by assurances from all, without regard to political or sectional sympathies, that the great mass of their people are ready and willing to unite for the preservation of the public peace, against those who, in violation of every law of war and humanity, under the title of Confederate soldiers, guerrillas, and bushwhackers, invade, plunder, and murder

