HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, June 28, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Cape Girardeau:

Send to commanding officer New Madrid the information sent by Captain Ewing as to rebel troops at Gayoso, and order him, on the arrival of the companies you are about to send, to pitch into them. Leave the dismounted men of the companies to follow when mounted. Don'd delay the others for them. I cannot relieve Lieutenant-Colonel Hiller at Bloomfield, but will relieve you to-morrow or next day from command of the post and give you a chance to scout.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. SECOND BATT., SIXTH CAV., MISSOURI VOLS., Camp near Pilot Knob, Mo., June 28, 1864.

Colonel JOHN F. TYLER,

Commanding Post of Pilot Knob, Pilot Knob, Mo.:

COLONEL: In obedience to orders I started with 25 men from camp on the morning of the 27th instant, in the direction of Indian Ford, on the Saint Francis River, for the purpose of cutting off the party of bushwhackers who had committed the depredations the evening previous at Farmington. After traveling 10 miles on the Dallas road, took a southeasterly direction, and reached the Saint Francis 16 miles from here. I then proceeded down the river about 5 miles, and crossed the river and camped for the night at the farm of one Wilson. I there found 2 straggling soldiers of the Enrolled Militia, who were the only armed men I saw during the scout. I arrived at camp about 4 p. m. to-day, returning by the way of the settlement known as the Creek Nation. I thoroughly scouted the country, but could learn nothing of any bushwhackers having been in that vicinity. The farmers all seemed to be quietly harvesting their crops, with every assurance of safety.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. MONTGOMERY,

Major Sixth Cav., Missouri Volunteers, Commanding Scout.

WARRENSBURG, MO., June 28, 1874-10 p. m.

Captain M. U. FOSTER, Holden, Mo.:

A band of 40 guerrillas have been at Dunksburg; passed to the south of Knobnoster in the direction of Post Oak, pursued by Captain Ballew. Major Houts is on Post Oak, near Globe. The guerrillas will pass in your vicinity, part to the headwaters of Brush Creek, or some other timber. Try and bushwhack them.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

KNOBNOSTER, June 28, 1864.

(Received 10 a. m.)

Brigadier-General BROWN:

I find from reliable sources that the rebels number some 100 in all, but occasionally break up in small bodies. I will press with all possible speed, but fear that I will not get up to them. They have

