
taken up Smith's Fork, and I would suggest the propriety of one or two squads of 50 men each to get in ahead of them, and likely we can get them in some kind of a place where we can get a fight. They were close to this place at 10 o'clock last night. The squad that was here numbered 30.

WM. B. BALLEW,

Captain, Commanding Squad.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 28, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREECE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your telegram of the 26th is received, and I thank you for the information therein contained. I shall strictly comply with my instructions. I found myself under new embarrassments by the action of the State authorities. The militia on duty in this district are being relieved by orders direct from State headquarters, and the first and only intimation I received of such action. these causes, as you will readily see, colonel, can but give constant trouble, and will raise a storm among the people that will in itself produce new complications and increased friction. I have, therefore, in all kindness, but with the full consciousness that my action is dire both to myself and the service, the honor to request that I be relieved from the command of the District of North Missouri on the 1st instant [proximo], and from and on that date I be granted a leave of absence of twenty days. During the whole period of my service I have never had but eight day's leave of absence,a nd if relieved from this command, would be glad to avail myself of the opportunity to give attention to private interests which have, for a long period, been suffering.

Awaiting your reply, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, June 28, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,Saint Joseph, Mo.:

DEAR GENERAL: Captain Fitzgerald's wife and father want to get away from Ridgeley, where they think their lives are in jeopardy. I wish you would direct your troops to help them out in safety. Nothing important here. The bushwhackers fire on almost every boat passing below, but high water has favored escape. I am re-enforced, as you may have seen, by a regiment of Illinois 100-days' men, but I fear they will only relieve one of my cavalry regiments, which would not leave me stronger, but weaker than before. We have Colonel Nutt's family visiting us. Major Curtis and all join in many regards to you and yours.

Truly, your friend,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

