
WAR DEPARTMENT, June 28, 1864-12 noon.

Major-General CURTIS, Leavenworth:

Please inform me immediately what number of troops you have in you command, and whether in you judgment more are required. If more are required, state what number, and whether they can be raised in your department. It will be impossible to send any from other departments.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

LEAVENWORTH, KANS., June 28, 1864.

(Received 12 m., 29th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Last stage coming in attacked between Lyon and Larned by Indians. They were repulsed by me escort, and several Indians killed. Have erected field-works and block-houses at stations, and distributed force to guard stages and Santa Fe trains. Last Saturday Sioux attacked citizens on Platte Fork, near Pawnee Reservation, killing 4 persons. A company whit mountain howitzers in pursuit. Am trying to avoid Indian war, which they seem anxious to inaugurate. Rebels are coming from Arkansas and collecting in Missouri border. Steam-boats passing are generally hailed and inferred upon, but high water favors escape. Last week General McKean assisted with 300 militia will co-operate.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

OMAHA, NEBR. TER., June 28, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

A. S. G., Dept. of Kans., Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

The telegram of yesterday of major-general commanding was received subsequent to General Mitchell's departure. General Mitchell contemplated no extensive expedition, as the has not the troops. Intelligence just received of the taking by Indians, between Julesburg and Fort Laramie, of all of the mules from a train of thirty wagons.

Respectfully,

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 221. Washington, June 28, 1864.

* * * * * *

4. Brigadier General M. M. Crocker, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Army of the Tennessee, and will report in person, without delay, to Brigadier-General Carleton, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of New Mexico, for assignment to duty.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

