
arriving here, and hold them in readiness to go on board transports, under his command, as soon as the transportation arrives. None of their sick, arms, or land transportation will be left behind.

By command of Brigadier-General Emory:

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES IN THE FIELD, New Orleans, La., June 29, 1864-9.45 a. m.

Brigadier-General BENTON, Commanding at Baton Rouge, La.:

The Third Brigade of the Third Division of the Nineteenth Army Corps, as established by orders, will be composed of six regiments, viz: The Eighty-thirty and Ninety-sixth Ohio Volunteers, Sixty-seventh Indiana, thirty-fourth Iowa, Seventy-seventh and One hundred and thirtieth Illinois. Please notify the senior officer of the command enumerated of this organization, and instruct him to expect orders to move to Morganza whit the brigade.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 29, 1864.

(Received July 4.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

GENERAL: The news from Major-General Steele is not favorable. It is reported that Shelby has captured a gun-boat at Clarendon, on White River, and that the navigation of that stream is suspended. Shelby is believed to be north of White River with 2,500 mounted men, and Marmaduke has crossed Arkansas low down whit from 4,000 or 5,000 men and large amount of artillery. There is a report that Price is threatening Little Rock. All my available force is with General A. J. Smith confronting Forrest. To withdraw it to help General Steele will leave Forrest free to dash at General Sherman's communications. I know that General Sherman feels that it is of the utmost importance to him to hold Forrest. The troops I have here are nearly all 100-days' men, of no account for field service. I retreat that I cannot take care of Forrest and Marmaduke at the same time, but somebody must do something for Steele at once. Your dispatch of the 24th is received. You say that you want 5,000 men from my district. I cannot furnish them until Smith returns without breaking up his expedition.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF PLAQUEMINE, Plaquemine, La., June 29, 1864.

Captain GEORGE W. STEIN, A. A. A. G.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 28th instant 2 of the outer cavalry pickets at this post were captured by a small party of the enemy, who made a sudden dash upon them from the woods. As soon as I received intelligence of the affair I sent out a scouting party of the cavalry, under Lieutenant Pixley,

