
Forth Wisconsin, in order to pursue the enemy and if possible recapture the prisoners. This they were unable to do, but their suspicion being directed to a house of Mr. Leonard, at the place called the Park, it was searched and the following articles found and borough in: Two double-barreled shotguns, 1 rifle, 1 Springfield musket, 1 Remington army revolver, 4 pounds powder, 3 pounds shot, 1 dirknife, 1 Confederate uniform jacket, 1 pistol belt and holster, 2 boxes morphia sullphas, $1,440 in gold, $38.50 in silver, $615 in Treasury notes, $5,300 in Confederate notes. I would take this opportunity of again calling your attention to the necessity of at least a company of cavalry at this post. Hardly a night passes but some parties of the enemy visit the plantations on the river between this place and Bayou Goula, for the purpose of stealing horses, mules, &amp;c., and it is impossible to put a stop to these depredations with the small force of cavalry here at present.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD G. SHAW,

Major Eioght U. S. Heavy Arty. (Colored), Commanding Post.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, June 29, 1864.

General EWING, Commanding:

The following telegram just received from Captain Ewing, at Charleston:

A dispatch just received from Preuitt, at New Madrid, this morning, states that the enemy are marching on this place. We are ready for them.

J. A. EWING,

Captain, Commanding.

The men en route to New Madrid will fall in with them if they are not there.

J. ROBBINS,

Major, Commanding.

HOLDEN, MO., June 29, 1864.

(Received 5.25 p. m.)

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

Sent Captain Baker to head of Brush Creek last night; Lieutenant Moore to Black Water yesterday afternoon, after small bodies of bushwhackers that had been robbing. Nothing from them. No considerable bodies together; think they are gathering somewhere. Is it ordered that we escort the mail both ways from Warrensburg to Pleasant Hill?

M. U. FOSTER,

Captain, Commanding.

HANNIBAL, MO., June 29, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, Provost-Marshal-General:

On the 23rd instant a party of rebels, under the command of a man named Purcell, formerly of this county, of Audrain, Mo., variously estimated at from 35 to 75 men, stopped and suppered at the houses of William Mason and Clem. Smith (Southern sympathizers), about 2 1\2 miles west of Mexico, Audrain County, Mo. On the same evening they robbed E. T. Jacobs of saddles, bridles, and all the money

