
he had. They also took a saddle, bridle, and overcoat belonging to his son, who is in the Union army. On Friday 24th instant, they robbed Dr. Smith's house of a gold watch and chain, valued at $200, $12 in greenbacks, a revolver, and blankets. They took from J. W. Gamble, on the same date, 5 shotguns, 2 saddles and bridles, and a number of blankets.

Next they went to Mr. Sanders', who was compelled to leave his family and farm about one month ago, pilfered his house, broke up his furniture, took and destroyed the clothing of his children, and abused his wife. After leaving Sander's they called on Captain Swift, whose house they robbed of every [thing] they needed. While loading the plunder on their horses, the captain of the guerrillas ordered several of his men to "finish the work." These men turned whit revolvers in their hands toward Captain Swift, who, believing they were about to kill him, attempted and succeeded in making his escape, but not without receiving two serious wounds, one in the right arm, breaking the larger bone of the arm about the wrist, the other in the fleshy part of the left arm, near the shoulder. On Saturday they were seen moving toward Black Foot, in the Rocher Perce hills of Boone County. A large body of these men are located near Goodwin's Mill, in the southeast part of Monroe County, under the command of Colonel Dorsey and Bill Myers.

They are reported to be from 150 to 300 strong. Several of the most prominent citizens of Marion are removing their valuables from the county. Among the number is Major Howell, who is removing his family to this place. In the Eight and Ninth Congressional Districts there cannot be less than 1,500 guerrillas. This may seem strong, but I think that as soon as the oat crop is cut and stacked this estimate will be far below the real number. They will work fast and wickedly when they commence,a nd leave rapidly, leaving only marks of blood and ashes behind them. Many men who are asking for troops to protect their towns are unwilling to take up arms in defense of their property and that of their Union neighbors. Mexico affords an illustration of this fact. I think it would cost less blood and treasure to take from 10 to 20 of the leading and wealthy Southern sympathizers of the principal counties of the eight and Ninth Congressional Districts and hold them as hostages for the murder of any loyal citizen that may be committed by the guerrillas during the present season. They can stop this rebel recruiting, robbing, and horse sterling, if they will, and they should be made to do it.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. STAUBER.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, Saint Louis, Mo., July 5, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the general commanding, for his information.

Mr. Stauber is in the employ of this office as a detective. He is thoroughly familiar whit every locality and the condition of thing in North Missouri. He is an intelligent and reliable man whose views deserve consideration.

J. P. SANDERSON,Provost-Marshal-General.

