
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, July 5, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, commanding North District of Missouri.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. F. BENNETT,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 29, 1864.

General JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General of Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: In acknowledgment and reply to your communication of the 25th instant, would say that my instructions from General Rosecrans were to order into active service any organized company of militia I might require on duty in the district, and to keep him advised of what companies I might call into service. General Guitar advised me that such had been the practice. Captain McDonals, acting assistant adjutant-general, Enrolled Missouri Militia, who had been for a long period in this district with Colonel Williams, was still continued in charge of the books, records, &amp;c., of the Enrolled Missouri Militia bureau, after I had ordered Colonel Williams to Macon, with directions to let all orders be made as heretofore until General Craig should take charge of the Seventh District.

In obedience to orders from General Rosecrans, I called into active service several companies of Enrolled Missouri Militia and caused copies of the orders to be sent both to department and State headquarters. Colonel Greece, assistant adjutant-general, now advises me that General Rosecrans scarcely had the authority to give me the instructions he did, and fearing that new and more perplexing complications might arise, I this day requested Hid Excellency Governor Hall to examine in person all my instructions, and to make such orders as might redeem us all from present and future confusion. The Governor clearly sees that I have not traveled outside of instructions received from my chief, and has issued his special order approving of my action and continues on duty all the companies of Enrolled Missouri Militia now on duty in both the Seventh and Eight Military Districts. Attached to the Governor's order of approval is an exhibit showing what companies I have called into service, where they are, and date from which Governor approved. Copy of this orders will be forwarded you by the Governor, and I will also place on fire with General Rosecrans another copy.

This will make the records right all round, and henceforth when I need militia I will make requisition for them on General Rosecrans and he upon the Governor, who orders them into service through the brigadier-general Enrolled Missouri Militia of my district. In cases of emergency the local brigadier [general] Enrolled MIssouri Militia will call into service such militia as we need and report their action to State headquarters, or by telegraphing directly to the Governor he will at any time approve my requisitions for Enrolled Missouri Militia and order them direct. Have I the correct understanding of the question? You will remember that I telegraphed you

