
more than two months since asking for information on militia matters, but I have never received any reply to my inquiry. I supposed captain McDonald to be thoroughly posted, and I relied upon him to keep everything in proper shape.

I regret much that militia companies should have been relieved from duty by orders direct from State headquarters without the least intimation either to myself or General Rosecrans that they were to be relieved. You will readily see, general, that such action can but embarrass myself and the service. I will thank you for any information touching the question that you may think I need. If I remain in command of the district (I hope to be relieved on the 1st proximo, as I have requested) I desire to move in entire harmony with you and receive the earnest and hearty co-operation of the Sate authorities. There are indications of approaching serious troubles in all the Missouri River counties. Much force will be needed to successfully resist the tide of guerrillas that drift northward from the desolated borders of Arkansas and Missouri.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON N. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 29, 1864.

Colonel JOHN F. WILLIAMS,Commanding at Macon [City], Mo.:

COLONEL:

The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your note of the 27th instant and to reply: Spare no endeavors to overtake and punish the scoundrels and try to restore a feeling of harmony and security to the people.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. SWAIN,Fourth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia:

COLONEL: Inclosed please find an order* directing you (for the time being) to proceed to Plattsburg, Clinton County, and assume command. Affairs have become considerably mixed in this county from several causes. The officers now on duty are none of them commissioned and seem disposed to quarrel over rank instead of making determined and vigorous warfare upon the desperadoes that infest the country. Captain Poe is at Plattsburg, Captain Tureny at Ridgeley, and Captain Tiffin will soon be returned to Clinton County.

It will be necessary to call out another company in the county, but we await your suggestions as to the best company for service before asking the Governor to make the detail. thoroughly canvass matters and give us your opinion in full concerning the existing

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

