
difficulties and the proper remedies. Governor Hall and the general commanding have the fullest confidence in you ability to set matters aright, and, in fact, the Governor commended you as the man for the task.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 29, 1864.

Colonel SAMUEL M. WIRT,Edina, Knox County, Mo.:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of yours of June 24, 1864, and in reply to say that he was sorry not to have had the pleasure of meeting you during your visit to Saint Louis, but he was obliged to hurry away to his command and necessarily cut short much business that should have been attended to. The general has been fully aware for a long time that there was a great deal of activity in the movements of the bushwhackers and disloyalists, but does not yet anticipate any renewal of their scenes' of 1862. There are many thieves and scoundrels in the country who, sailing under rebel colors, steal and rob and murder, and these men, so long as they receive food and shelter and sympathy, will continue to infest all districts of our county. Not until the people of North Missouri unite against all wrong, and set their faces as the face of one man against all horse stealing, robbery, and murder, come from where it may, can they ever expect to enjoy the blessings of peace.

If these notorious rebels have been seen in your county, and are making efforts to recruit, why in the name of humanity don't your good people hunt them out and capture or kill them? Any person would consider himself justified in capturing a rebel officer in the front line of battle; why should you not do it while the same person is attempting to recruit in a loyal State and with the lines of Federal occupation? If these rumors come to you as they should, well defined, follow them up; nail them where they started from. In nine cases out of ten they amount to nothing. In view of the earnestness of your request, the general commanding desires that you will designate to him by name the best captain in your regiment, the gentleman highest in social position and walt, who is at the same time best fitted to command a company of troops, that he may place him on duty in your vicinity.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., June 29, 1864.

WILLIAM FULLER, ESQ.,

Louisiana, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: Your valued communication of 25th instant, accompanied by the petition of so many of the staunch, unswerving loyalists of Pike County, was duly presented me by Captain Baxter. I

