HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, June 29, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,En route, Santa Fe Road:

DEAR COLONEL: I suppose you have reached Fort Lyon some days since, and I trust you are a check to all further robbery by Indians in that region. One of my aides, Major McKenny, has just returned from Larned, giving full reports of matters in that region. The affair of Lieutenant Earyre's is not so well reported. The force is said to have been scattered, and the Indians reporting the matter on the Platte say his shells did not burst and the Indians are not afraid of them. I wish we could locate a force between Lyon and Larned. At Lyon and every other point where troops are stationed I require some sort of structure to be erected that will resist an assault by Indians-a block-house, an embanked fieldwork in some form of a redoubt, or a stone wall inclosure, according to the location of streams and the material most convenient for construction. Some work has been commenced at Larned which must be fully carried out.

You will come forward whit your main force to Saline, or to Council Grove, reporting by letter, and leaving detachments where they seem necessary. If the Indians are actually arrayed against us in a war party, you will of course attend to them, but a good company or two, with two howitzers well attended, is no doubt sufficient to pursue and destroy any band of Indians likely to congregate anywhere on the plains, and it is bad economy to divert needless numbers in pursuit of Indians. You must also restrain your troops in the chase after buffalo, an amusement which breaks down stock and lays marches. Captain McLain is now at Lawrence, with full battery equipments, awaiting the arrival of his company at Council Groave. Two pieces of artillery are probably enough at Larned, and one or two pieces may be left at Walnut Creek, where a stone fort is being built. One or two should also be stationed at Saline, where a stockade has been erected. If, when you reach Larned, you find the drunken captain still in command, see that he is immediately relieved, superseded, or arrested. If you have a competent major to take charge of that and surrounding posts, it will be well to give him a temporary command, reporting to Brigadier-General McKean, Paola, and also to me at this place.

There must be a station at or near Cabin Creek, on the old Santa Fe road, some distance this side of Larned. There is now a stage station there, but Major McKenny thinks more timber may be found a few miles this side of the present house. A block-house. A block-house, or something that would resist Indian assault, should be erected there. I hope this may meet you in time to give it your careful attention. Letters from Larned give many reports of Indian barbarities, which are not authenticated. I desire that you will give me careful reports.

I have no reports of further mischief near Denver since about the 10th instant, when some barbarities were committed, as you no doubt learned, within 10 or 20 miles of that city. Some murders were recently committed by Sioux below Fort Kearny, on the Platte, and this morning it is reported that all the mules of a train were taken between Julesburg and Leavenworth (probably Laramie) by Indians. I have not a word from you since your telegraphic announce-

