
ville report many rebels in detached parties between the rivers. Mr. Morse, who was in service with Curtis in Arkansas, reports McCray at Jacksonport; Dobbin commanded at Clarendon, he having just returned from Richmond, commissioned as brigadier-general. Morse says he has altogether about 5,000 men on White River. He thinks Shelby will go to Augusta by way of Crowley's Ridge. There are plenty of provisions there and none anywhere else in that section. Perhaps you best let part of the boats go, if not all, that are ready. If the rebels cross the Arkansas below Pine Bluff we might reach them by land. the troops whit you better remain there for further developments. I have it from good authority that there are no rebel troops on the road to Washington. You can exercise your own pleasure in regard to remaining at the Bluff for the present, and assume command of the district or not.

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, June 30, 1864-9 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant Graves, sent whit flag of truce to Monticello, has just returned, bringing dispatches from Major-General Fagan, of which the following is an extract:

Lieutenant Wood has been sent south. Steps will at once be taken to see if the exchange can yet be accomplished. If so, then Lieutenant Wood will be sent with a flag of truce. The exchange of the two officers can be accomplished on the spot. Also says that Colonel Glenn, now a prisoner in our lines is not nor was he at the time [of] his capture, in any way connected whit the C. S. Army, and request interposition in his behalf, as he has a family entirely helpless and dependent upon him for support.

Upon request of Assistant Surgeon Wall, in charge of our wounded at Marks' Mills, to the effect that permission be granted him to remove the same to Pine Bluff, General Fagan says the request meets with his entire approval, and the wounded, nurses, and surgeons will e sent to Mount Elba, at which place they can be sent for and taken under the flag within the Federal lines. Lieutenant Graves informs me that it is his impression that the enemy is trying to cross a force over the Arkansas River. I send this for what it is worth.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

The above is a copy of a message which was sent to Colonel Green yesterday. Colonel Clayton requested me to send you a copy of it this evening.

OPERATOR.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, June 30, 1864.

Colonel GEIGER,

Eight Missouri Cav., Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

Colonel Graves, Twelfth Michigan Infantry Volunteers, commanding infantry brigade, and Colonel Geiger, Eighth Missouri Cavalry,

