
commanding cavalry brigade, will report to Colonel J. K. Mizner, Third Michigan Cavalry, commanding post of Devall's Bluff, with their commands, for temporary duty.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 30, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Missouri:

SIR: In obedience to your suggestion I herewith present the results, in part, of a tour of observation in North Missouri.

Serious troubles are anticipated by the rally loyal portion of our people; may are leaving their homes, while others are preparing to do so. A feeling of insecurity and dread oppresses the loyal, while rebels and rebel sympathizers are unusually defiant in manner and insolent in speech. Those producing this state of public feeling may be classified thus: First, returned rebel soldiers, whose business is to recruit their wasted means and men for the rebel service; second, horse thieves and dealers in counterfeit money, whose movements to and for in and from the State is rapid; third, these last are a class of men living in our midst, but who are in full fellowship whit the above-named; possessing a knowledge of their whereabouts at all times, they keep them advised of the location of such men and property as they may wish to secure, and of the movements of the local authorities of the State.

These classes are all united in their opposition to Government, and partners in their ill-gotten gains. The first class named have their headquarters among the Rocher Perce hills of Howard and Boone Counties. Their lines of movement through the country are along the waters of Cedar Creek and Auxvasse River, of Callaway County, Cuivre River, through audrain, Montgomery, and Lincoln Counties, and Salt River, from Randolph, passing through Marion, Ralls, and Pike Counteis. The second class named have their headquarters in the river counteis of Illinois, chiefly in Pike and Calhoun Counties. the third class have no doubt a representative in every town in North Missouri, but in no town in North Missouri is this class more numerous than in Mexico, Audrain County.

Letters on business, &amp;c., from rebels in arms in the southwest are received by their friends in North Missouri, through, as I think probable, the agency of Thomas Anderson and Waddy Thompson. At the breaking out of the rebellion the former receded in Callaway County, Mo., and at that time the latter was a resident of Adair County, Mo. These men early and energetically espoused the cause of treason, entered the rebel Army, and continued therein until the fall of Little Rock, about which time they took the oath of allegiance. Since then they have been trading in cotton and other articles of commerce, under the protection of the Federal flag. From my knowledge of the character of Anderson I would point him out as the man for this or any other dishonorable course of action. With Thompson I have no acquaintance, but Judge Prewitt, of La Fayette, who knows him well, represents him as a bad and dangerous man, to our country's cause, in the place and privileges he enjoys.

