
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 45. Morganza Bend, La., May 23, 1864.

I. In obedience to orders from headquarters Detachment Thirteenth Corps, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the First Division, Thirteenth Corps. The following officers are announced on staff duty at these headquarters:

Lieutenant Colonel Willard Slocum, One hundred and twentieth Ohio Volunteers, judge-advocate.

Surg. B. B. Brashear, Sixteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, surgeon-in-chief.

Captain Bluford Wilson, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain W. W. Morsman, Twenty-second Iowa, acting assistant inspector-general.

Captain D. M. Alexander, commissary of subsistence.

Captain James G. Milligan, Twenty-second Kentucky Volunteers, provost-marshal.

Captain E. L. Hawk, One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Volunteers, ordnance officer.

Lieutenant Charles H. Paddock, Forty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster.

Captain P. B. Lawler, Eighteenth Illinois Volunteers, aide-de-camp.

Lieutenant F. X. Cottin, Fifty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, aide-de-camp.

By command of Brigadier General M. K. Lawler:

[B. WILSON,]

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 134. New Orleans, La., May 23, 1864.

8. The Ninety-first, U. S. Infantry, colored, formerly Twentieth Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, will be reported for duty to Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding Defenses of New Orleans.

9. The Eleventh New York Cavalry (Scott's 900), Colonel Sherburne commanding, will proceed without delay to Thibodeaux. On its arrival it will be reported to Brigadier General John McNeil, commanding District of La Fourche. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

10. The organization of the Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, prescribed by paragraph 3 of Special Orders, 41, current series, from these headquarters, having never been carried into effect, it is hereby ordered that the following shall be the organization of the Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps:

Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, is placed in command of the Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, which will be for the present composed of two brigades, provisionally composed of the following regiments: First Brigade, Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, to consist of the Twenty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, to be armed and equipped forthwith for temporary service as infantry; Thirtieth Massachusetts Volunteers, One hundred and tenth New York Volunteers, Seventh Vermont Volunteers. These regiments will proceed without delay to Morganza, and be reported to Brigadier General T. W. Sherman. Second Brigade, Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps,

