
authorized to give. Similar orders have been given in relation to other branches of the service, and are necessary in order that I may be advised of the character and extent of the resources within my reach and under my control. I am not disposed, however, to do anything which would tend in the remotest degree to occasion any embarrassment to the service, and if there be still any doubt in your mind as to my authority in this case, I will be obliged if you will, in your own name, direct the inspectors in your district to give the information called for by the assistant inspector-general.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 6.* Vicksburg, Miss., May 27, 1864.

Commanders of districts will hold themselves at all times in readiness to employ whatever force may be necessary to keep open the navigation of the Mississippi River, keeping in reserve for this purpose a sufficient force and a sufficient number of boats to enable them to act promptly. They will keep themselves in communication with the commanders of naval districts, give them any information in relation to the movements of the enemy that they may be possessed of, and co-operate with them whenever necessary. The authority of commanders of districts on either rank by the Mississippi is so far extension will not change the relations existing between post and department commanders, or authorize any permanent change, but is intended to give the senior in command the authority to control the resources on both banks of the river in keeping it open, or in meeting any other emergency.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 25. Vicksburg, Miss., May 27, 1864.

1. Captain C. G. Sawtelle, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, will be relieved from duty in the Department of the Gulf and directed to report at the headquarters of the Division of West Mississippi.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, May 27, 1864.

Brigadier General W. P. BENTON,

Baton Rouge:

Paragraph X, Special Orders, No. 134, from these headquarters, has been sent. No more troops from the Thirteenth Army Corps

---------------

*Republished in General Orders, No. 64, headquarters Department of the Gulf, of May 30, 1864.

---------------

