
Notwithstanding the efforts heretofore made to keep arms from disloyalists, it may be truthfully stated that at no period have they been better armed and ammunitioned than at the present time, and they make their boats of it. I have heard of the whereabouts of several men who entered and served in the rebel Army from the northern part of this State. The brothers West, formerly of Audrain County, are located in Pike county, III. bill Wells, two Edwards, of Pike County, Mo., and Lieutenant Emanuel Couch, of Lincoln County, Mo., are in Calhoun County, III. The country can only be thoroughly rid of these men by hunting them down in their own ranges, subsisting and foraging where and as they do. Most of the Union element is in the country, and should be cared for quite as much as the towns, at which our soldiers are generally quartered. Four-fifths of the business done in our country towns is with the capital of Southern sympathizers. These men, with all other sympathizers in the towns of Northeast Missouri, should be held responsible for all annoyances and injuries inflicted by the floating rabble of dixie in our midst upon Union men. They should be also required to assist assistant provost-marshals and other officers of the Government to execute, when aid is necessary, all laws and orders of the Government. These people must be taught that they can't be criticizing spectators; that they must be working citizen.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

T. J. STAUBER.

PILOT KNOB, June 30, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I will start those men who belong to Major Barlett's command to join him next Monday. I have just sent 20 men and a lieutenant to Farmington. That is a very bad place, indeed. Will keep the men there as long as I can spare them. Have heard the rebels are conscripting in the southern portion of this State. I will give them all the assistance deemed proper in this line. I have given them all the assistance deemed proper in this line. I have given instructions for the organizing of a force to stop it and to catch Tim Reves. If I succeed I will feel satisfied it is about my best feat. Will let you know early the result. The expedition will start to-morrow or the next day.

J. F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

CALHOUN, MO., June 30, 1864.

General E. B. BROWN:

SIR: On the reception of your dispatch I returned from Sedalai, and yesterday got 20 volunteers to stay with me for the protection of our place. I propose to receive all honest, reliable men, regardless of their political opinions, provided they would defend the neighborhood against bushwhackers, robbers, and thieves and obey military orders. I believe I will be able to get 40 reliable men this week, and have under officers, &amp;c., and report for arms, &c.

I am entirely ignorant about such things, but will do the best I can, and will restore order or perish in the attempt (we will perish

