
without it). Holland and his clerk are armed and go out of town and stay, and seem by their acts to care for nothing but themselves; from the appearance they would be perfectly willing for the balance of the town to be burned.

Edmonson has this minute returned with your orders. I will endeavor to do right, and go ahead and organize a company. I think I will be able to get some of the best of Holland's class. I fear Holland, Jennings &amp; Co. are determined to rule or ruin.

Yours, truly,

R. ALLEN.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY,Camp Desolate, June 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: I wish to inform you of the movements of Shelby, Schnable, and others. I send your scout back with this. A lady has just arrived from Yellville and informs me that Schnable is at that place with 50 well armed and equipped men. He has recruited and conscripted men to the amount of 500; she can't tell if they have arms. He leaves there to-day. She heard his intentions were to go to Missouri by the way of Bloomfield; he was camped at Wickersham's Mills, on Cow Creek.

Shelby is at Batesville, as near as I can learn. I have not sent any scout down White River yet. I intend to as soon as the men are mustered. There are signs of rebels around here. I hear from the every day. I don't think I have force enough to send 50 men out, and be safe where I am. Please send information how to act. I think you scout has learned as much as if he had gone to Yellville. This lady will return if I require it. She is loyal, the wife of a Federal soldier in the Fourth Arkansas Cavalry, and I am trust her. Let me hear from you soon, and I will dispatch all information that I can learn.

I remain, general, your obedient servant,

A. B. FREEBURN,

Major, Commanding Detachment Second Arkansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., June 30, 1864.

Captain C. J. WHITE,

Adjutant Eighty-second Regiment E. M. M., Liberty, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your note of the 27th instant, and to say in reply that the military must exterminate the whole gang of villains who infest Clay County, and that right speedily, or the whole country will go down into a common ruin. He answered your telegram at Kansas City. Hurry up Thomason's organization. Tiffin will be retained on duty and stationed with his company at Haynesville, where the general commanding hopes they will muster out everything in the shape of a guerrilla that they can hear of in that section. So long as the people of your section will set their faces against theft and robbery, and murder and all wrong, they can enjoy comparative

