
know not what will be the consequence, so far as the future peace and quiet of the county is concerned. I hope it will be your pleasure to restore Captain Tiffin to the command of this county immediately. Justice to him and his men requires it. I am fully satisfied that his restoration to command here is desired by a large majority of the people of this county. It is the prevailing sentiment that Captain Tiffin has been removed from command here through the influence of certain men in this county unfriendly to him, and who have failed to make him subserve their purpose or interests. His removal is having a prejudicial influence throughout the county. I have written freely and frankly, having only the peace and welfare of my county in view. My every interest, my all, is here, and I want now, as I have ever wanted and labored for, peace and quiet, law and order.

With sentiments of high regard, I remain, your obedient servant,

W. W. MOSBY,

Surgeon Fifty-first Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 30, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

You are authorized to call on the Governor of Kansas for a regiment of 100-days' men, to be raised on the same teams as those furnished by the Governors of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, to wit, the term of service to be 100 days, reckoning from the date of muster into the service of the United States, unless sooner discharged. The regiment to be mustered into the service of the United States when it has the minimum regimental strength, and to be organized according to the regulations of the War Department. The whole number to be furnished within twenty days from date.

The troops to be clothed, armed, equipped, subsisted, and paid as other United States infantry volunteers, and to serve in fortifications, or where their services may be required, within or without the State of Kansas. No bounty to be paid the troops, nor the service charged or credited on any draft. The draft for three years' service to go on in any district where the quota is not filled up, but if any officer or soldier in this special service should be drafted he shall be credited for the service rendered. You are also authorized to raise a negro battery, to be officered in the manner proposed in your telegram, and organized according to the regulations of the service.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., June 30, 1864.

Honorable NEWTON EDWARDS,

Governor of Dakota Territory, Yankton:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 22nd instant. General Sully was assigned to the command of the forces in Dakota Territory and charged with the protection of its frontier settlements. The sole object of his ex-

