
pedition is to accomplish this purpose. He was ordered to have a sufficient force when he moved against the Indians to render your frontier secure, and if necessary for that purpose to call upon the Governor of Iowa for a sufficient number of companies of the 100-days' men to take post at important points in his rear. I feel sure that General Sully is not a man to neglect so obvious a duty, especially when it has been presented to him in positive instructions. It is possible that you may be mistaken as to the extent of the arrangements he has made in that view. I have forwarded to him a copy of your letter, with directions to assure the safety of your frontier settlements during his absence in the Indian country.

I think perhaps that you underestimate the force of the hostile bands assembled on the Missouri below old Fort Clarke. From all information received both from your region of the country and thought Minnesota, by way of Pembina and the head of the Coteau Des Prairies, the hostile bands are assembled in sufficient force to fax all General Sully's means of campaign. At all events, by the time this letter reaches you he will have settled the matter definitely and will have forces to spare, if necessary to send back to your frontier. I am sure you will agree with me, Governor, in the conviction that, to secure your frontier completely and satisfactorily and with any hope of permanent results, the power of the Yanktonais and Teton bands of Sioux must be broken to pieces. This is the object of Sully's expedition, and I trust it will meet with such success as will assure peace with the Indians of Dakota, which shall be a near final as can be hoped for any peace with Indians. Whilst securing the frontier settlements it is my object to establish large posts in the Indian country far beyond the settlements, which, commanding the buffalo range of the Teton and Yanktonais, will secure peaceful relations hereafter.

These posts are also so located that they furnish a line from east to west through Dakota far north of your settlements. It is hoped and believed that the campaign of this summer will finally settle Indian hostilities in your region of the country. Of course, to effect such a success we must use all the means at our command, and I confidently expect co-operation and whatever aid of personal influence is at your command to quiet unnecessary apprehension amongst the settlers. You know as well as I how many unscrupulous persons infest our whole frontier, who live and thrive by exciting apprehension and alarm among the frontier farmers. It should be, and I am sure is, our mutual purpose so to conduct matters as best to secure peace on the frontier and to promote the best interests of your Territory and of the Government. I am sure I have no other object, and equally sure that I have exercised my best judgment to effect it. I confidently believe that by a little patience on the part of your citizens and more confidence in the military authorities, everything will be settled satisfactorily. I will take immediate measures to see that General Sully's orders to the officers left to guard the frontier are strictly complied with. This department has been nearly stripped of troops to supply the absolute necessities of our armies in the South, but whatever I can do with the means at my command to secure your frontier and the interests of your Territory you may be sure I will always be ready to do cheerfully.

I am, Governor, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

