
to this I have directed four companies of cavalry, recently organized, to report to him to complete the organization of Colonel Bourland's regiment. In my opinion, general, this is all of my disposable force that can be spared from the district.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Houston, May 25, 1864.

Colonel JOHN S. FORD,

Commanding Expeditionary Forces:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to furnish you with the following information, derived from a gentleman in every way reliable, and a friend of the commanding general. He states:

The force, so far as I can ascertain, consists from 2,500 to 3,000 men, with about 600 cavalry and three batteries of field artillery. The place is entrenched all around. Above the town, where the main force is stationed, outside of the entrenchments, are two redoubts connected with a curtain and a dry ditch in front, the parapet about 8 feet high, no guns mounted. The entrenchments, I am told, extend all around the town.

The plan proposed for attack is as follows:

Send at night one-third of the attacking party by a circuitous route below the city to the river; thence advance under the protection of the steep bank by turning all their entrenchments-even if perceived their infantry could not do much damage if the men are kept close to the bank-and rush up the bank when opposite the point where the barracks stood, or opposite to the ferry. In the mean time a vigorous assault somewhere west of the road leading to King's ranch. The force attacking from the rear from below need not apprehend any attack in their rear, as there are but a few hundred negroes at the Boca.

The general forwards the above for your information, but, of course, leaves it to your judgment whether to carry out the plan.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. G. ALDRICH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 29. Shreveport, La., May 26, 1864.

I. Paragraph II, General Orders, Numbers 67, series of 1863, from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, Va., is amended as follows: If any cavalryman "shall not keep himself provided with a serviceable horse, he shall serve on foot," and be transferred to any regiment of infantry from the State where he volunteered or was conscribed that the department or district commander may order.

II. District commanders will have their cavalry commands immediately (and hereafter monthly) inspected for the purpose of enforcing the above order.

III. Men transferred from cavalry to infantry will be permitted to select the command to which they are to be assigned, provided that command is serving in the same district, and does no exceed the minimum allowed by law.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

