
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 30. Shreveport, La., May 27, 1864.

I. All persons liable to military duty will be immediately enrolled. They will be assigned in accordance with the following regulations: First. All assignments must be made by the commandant of conscripts of the State where the conscript is enrolled. Second. No conscript will be assigned to a cavalry command until the infantry regiment sand artillery companies have received their complements. Third. Conscripts will be assigned to companies having less than the min mu, 64 privates, until all the companies reach that number. Fourth. Assignments will be made to regiments in the order in which they were organized, filling the oldest regiment first.

II. All officers in command of companies of infantry and artillery will forthwith send to the commandant of conscripts of the State in which the command raised accurate certified reports of their companies, stating strength, present and absent, date of organization, and arm of service, and without such reports, showing they do not exceed 64 privates, no conscript will be assigned.

III. Officers are prohibited from receiving conscripts who have not been assigned in accordance with this order.

IV. Officers in command of regimens, battalions, &amp;c., will furnish to Brigadier-General Greer, chief of the bureau of conscription, Marshall, Tex., a monthly roll of deserters and absentees without leave. This will be arranged according to the county and State to which the parties belong, and will set forth the time and place of desertion in each case.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Batesville, May 27, 1864.

Colonel FREEMAN:

COLONEL: In pursuance to orders from district headquarters I have assumed command of all troops north of the Arkansas River. You will immediately collect together all officers and men belonging to your command, and place them in camp in the vicinity of Powhatan, or some point you may deem best. You will report in person to these headquarters as soon as practicable. The musterrolls of your command, showing when and where each company was mustered, will be furnished to the inspector-general of this brigade; also the order and date of election of field officers.

By command of Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby:

W. J. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Batesville, May 27, 1864.

Major G. W. RUTHERFORD,

Commanding, &c.:

MAJOR: You will proceed to Kendall's, on Little Red River, and collect together all men of your command, as well as all squads of men who may be operating in that section of country, and cause

