
and in many instances the organizations being almost destroyed; and whereas this gallant soldierly have service their country with so much fidelity and uncomplaining firmness: Therefore, be it

Resolves, First. That our gratitude as a people is due the brave men who have so long represented Texas on the many battle-fields of the revolution. Second. That we mourn the death of those whose lives have been offered as willing sacrifices upon the altar of freedom. Third. That we return our grateful thanks to those who still survive for their sacrifices and gallantry, and tender our assurances that the deeds of living and dad are appreciated in our hearts of hearts, and will be enshrined there by a grateful people as long as there remains on earth in the minds of men admiration for deeds of heroism, devotion to country, and a love of liberty. Fourth. That we must respectfully ask of our military authorities to permit the various companies, battalions, and regimens of Texas troops east of the Mississippi River to return home for the purpose of recruiting their decimated ranks, at such time and in such manner as will be prudent when the public services will permit. Fifth. That a copy of these resolutions be forwarded to the Secretary of War and to the various brigade commanders of Texas troops east of the Mississippi, by the Governor, at the earliest practicable moment.

Approved May 28, 1864.

P. MURRAH.

M. D. K. TAYLOR,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

F. S. STOCKDALE,

President of the Senate.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT.

Bonham, Tex., May 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER,Chief of Staff, District of Texas, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I herewith transmit the Fort Smith Era of the 7th May, in which some reports and communications respecting the condition of affairs in Texas will be found of interest to us and of a character to put us on our guard sufficiently to prepare to meet any movement of the enemy which might be induced by them. There is no doubt that the disloyal men claim a larger proportion of our population than they are entitled to, but it is equally true that they are pretty strong, and have many friends and sympathizers that are now concealing their true feelings that would join then if the enemy were to advance into our country. Of this I have but little fear at this time, as General Maxey is advancing toward if not on Fort Smith, and I do not believe that the enemy have sufficient force to drive him back; but these reports represent things in such a condition our western border that they might be induced to send 1,000 or 1,500 men west of Arbuckle to strike in upon us and gather up these disloyal men and make a demonstration in that quarter sufficient to create a diversion in favor of the army at Fort Smith.

These tories are the same that I arrested some time ago as spies, who escaped from the guard-house at this place, and Robbins was the chief-justice and enrolling officer of Jack County; all of whom wee on the frontier at the time Major Quayle arrested Captain

