
orders to be made to the several bureaus at Richmond, Va., will be forwarded to Marshall, Tex., addressed to the following officers:

Major General B. Huger, chief of bureaus of ordnance.

Brigadier General E. Greer, chief of bureau of conscription.

Lieutenant Colonel L. W. O'Bannon, chief of quartermaster's bureau.

Major W. B. Blair, chief of subsistence bureaus.

Surg. J. M. Haden, chief of medical bureau.

II. The exportation of beef-cattle from this department is prohibited, except when made under the supervision of Major R. A. Howard, commissary of subsistence.

III. The practice of relieving officers from commands to which they have been appointed and assigned, and ordering them to report to department headquarters, will cease, unless specially required by orders from the department commander.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C., Numbers 151. Houston, May 30, 1864.

* * * * * * *

28. Brigadier General T. F. Drayton, commanding, &c., will cause Colonel S. P. Bankhead's brigade to concentrate as rapidly as possible at Hallettsville, and order Colonel Bankhead to proceed himself to the front in the direction of Saluria, and gather all the information he can, he giving the orders for the concentration of his brigade, but not awaiting their execution.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Mugruder:

E. P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,

Bonham, May 30, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I herewith transmit a letter from Captain Pace to Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, which will call your attention to the condition of affairs on our border. Lampasas is in the edge of a rough, mountainous region, which extends to the Concho country, and I have no doubt a large portion of the desertes and disloyal men who are embodied are in that region of country, and, if it were possible, a good regiment should be sent into that section with orders to clean out all that country, commencing on Cowhouse Creek and Lampasas, Pecan Bayou, Colorado, Conch, &c., and notify me of the time, so that I could co-operate with them from above that place. I do not know that any force can be spared from below, but this section is far from me, out of my district, and needs immediate attention, if it is possible to give it, and I feel that it is my duty to so inform the general commanding.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Major-General, Commanding Northern Sub-District.

