
[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. Captain W. B. PACE'S CO., 2nd DIST., STATE TROOPS,Captain JACKSON:

SIR: William E. Willis and Gideon Willis came into this county about ten days ago from Mexico, for the purpose, as they say, of recruiting for the Federal Army, and taking a list of all would-be Union men. They have recruited until their forces are said to be about 100 strong. They pass over the country in small parties with perfect impunity, and threaten destruction of property of secessionists. In view of these outrages and the fatal results of a longer stay in the country by them, we beseech you to come immediately to our relief.

Respectfully,

WM. B. PACE,

Captain, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

This letter was written from Lampasas Springs on the 20th, so Colonel Jackson informs me, and this party of men are on the head of Cowhouse Creek and Lampasas.

McCULLOCH.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Magness' Store, May 31, 1864.

Colonel McCRAY:

COLONEL: Brigadier General J. O. Shelby directs me to say that in obedience to orders from district headquarters he has assumed command of all troops north of the Arkansas River. You will report to these headquarters the locality of your camp, the number of men in your command, the number armed, unarmed, mounted, and dismounted, and the amount of ammunition on hand. The general desires that this report should be made as soon as possible, in order to concentrate the troops for active service in the field. Further orders as to the disposition of the troops will be sent you as soon as your camp is known.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonels Dobbin and Freeman and General Adams.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Houston, May 31, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I received a letter from Major Russell, submitting Colonel Fisher's plans, as follows:

That he (Colonel Fisher) would collect several hundred renegades in Matamoras and cross over and attack Brownsville at the same time that Colonel Ford would attack from below and rear.

