
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 34. Shreveport, La., June 1, 1864.

The pressing necessity of the armies in the field makes it absolutely necessary that the Government should use one-half of the cotton in this department for the purchase of naval and military stores required for the defense of the country. Discreet and proper bonded and commissioned officers have been selected, who will purchase, if possible, the amount required. If it cannot be obtained by purchase they are authorized to impress it in strict accordance with the terms of the impressment act and the general orders issued on that subject. district commanders will furnish them such assistance as may be needed in executing this order. Any attempt at illegal impressment will be promptly punished on being reported, with satisfactory proof, to district or department headquarters.

The following officers are charged with the execution of this order: Major A. S. Cabell, Major W. P. Baughm, Captain F. J. Lynch, Captain B. Shropshire, Captain W. W. Barrett, Captain N. A. Birge. All cotton procured by them in Texas will be placed under the control of Lieutenant Colonel W. J. Hutchins, who will use it solely in procuring army supplies.

By commanding of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Columbia, June 1, 1864-12 m.

Major H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: No boats of any description have passed this point since yesterday afternoon. There are two gun-boats and three marine boats 3 or 4 miles below. I learn from a source entitled to credit that Steele has been largely re-enforced. May informant saw forty boats go up White River, from which he has just returned. They were loaded with troops, ranging from 150 to 500 men to the boat. Each boat carried wagons and horses. Many went up before those herein mentioned. These troops came from above. None of Banks' troops have gone in the direction of Devall's Bluff. I regard this intelligence as reliable.

Very respectfully, &c.,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,

Fort Towson, C. N., June 1, 1864.

I. In compliance with the call made by His Excellency Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States, in his letter dated February 22, 1864, addressed to Israel Folsom, president of the Grand Council of the Six Confederate Nations, and to Samuel Garland, Choctaw chief; John Jumper, Seminole chief; Samuel Chicote, Creek chief; George Washington, Caddo chief; Winchester Colbert, Governor of Chickasaw Nation, and Stand Watie,

