
Cherokee chief, upon said nations for additional troops, and in compliance with instructions to the undersigned, given from General E. Kirby Smith, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, dated May 26, 1864, the undersigned hereby makes a requisition upon the Six Confederate Nations aforesaid for such number of troops as may be necessary to complete three brigades, of not less than three full regiments to each of said brigades.

II. In making this requisition the number of troops called for will be furnished by the Confederate Nations aforesaid in fair proportion to the number of inhabitant in each nation, and the number of troops now in the Confederate service from said nations will be credited to each, respectively, our of the quota called for, the object being to increase the force now in Confederate service from the nations aforesaid up to three brigades of three full regiments each. In the event that it may not fall to the lot of any one or more of said nations to furnish a full regiment, then said nation or nations will furnish as many full companies as may fall to the lot of said nation or nations. In the same manner, should it fall to the lot of a nation to furnish a number that would leave companies over and above the requirements therefrom, the full quota, including the odd companies, will be raised and reported.

III. In making this call the undersigned desires to impress upon all concerned the importance of continuing in the service the old regiments, so as to preserve as far as practicable the old organizations.

IV. The undersigned desires to express his full confidence in the early and favorable response of the good and true men of the Indian Territory to this call.

From every part of the Confederacy the glorious new come sup that our arms are victorious everywhere. Not a single disaster or defeat has befallen us in the year 1864. God has blessed our efforts to be free. We are beginning to reap the rich reward of our long sacrifices, toils, and sufferings in behalf of our bleeding country. The most herculean efforts have been made in Virginia against the noble old chief, Robert E. Lee; an army was brought to bear against him more magnificent in all its proportions than any the world had ever before seen, and after ten days' hard and bloody fighting he hurled it back upon Washington, piteously howling for "more men and better men."

The gallant old here, Beauregard, is holding Beast Butler at bay at Petersburg. Johnston is successfully fighting Thomas in Georgia. the grant combined campaign of Steele and Banks against the valley of Red River has been utterly crushed; Steele has gone back to Little Rock without a wagon, and Banks is getting out of Red River as fast as he can, almost without a boat.

We have great cause to thank our Heavenly Father for all His mercies in dispelling the black clouds that threatened to overwhelm us.

Shall it ever be said that the Indians, who have always proved faithful to their treaties, will now fail, when by one united effort of their own, all their country can be recovered?

Imitate the noble example of those glorious troops who have battled in defense of their country from the very outset, many of whom have never been home since the war began, but who, when Congress told them of the urgent necessity of re-enlisting for the war, gladly responded, declaring they intended to fight it out if it

