
took seventy-five years. Imitate their illustrious example. The spirits of such people cannot be broken. You have passed the gloomy hour; the worst of this revolution is over. Let your name go down in history as defenders of the liberty and nationality of your race. Enlist for the war. There is a ring of the true metal about that enlisting for the war that strikes terror to the enemy. Come up as patriots, without selfishness. Keep down all personal or selfish aim. Aim at the good of your country alone. Select your best men and sustain them. Wire working, office seeking, by incompetent men, should not be tolerated.

Brigadier General Douglas H. Cooper, having heretofore been placed in the immediate command of all the Indian troops, in hereby specially charged with the organization of the troops herein called for into three brigades, carrying out as near as practicable the spirit of the call contained in the President's letter, the instructions of General Smith, and these instructions.

He will so organize as to preserve as far as practicable the present brigade organizations, and brigade the troops as near as possible according to their nationalities.

VI. The undersigned calls upon the principal chiefs to take all needful steps to give efficiency to this call. He hopes that the men of the nations will promptly and cheerfully volunteer and organize, and thus save the compulsory enforcement of treaty stipulations. He requests the principal chiefs to aid General Cooper as far as in their power, and keep him fully advised of the steps taken by them to carry out the call.

VII. Brigadier General Douglas H. Coopers, commanding Indian Division, will from time to time report progress to these headquarter, and will retain the present organization of his division until he is prepared to reorganize efficiently under this call. He will see that in the election and appointment of officers the laws and treaty stipulations are fully carried out, and should it appear that persons are now holding office in any of the organizations in violation of law and treaty, he will take the necessary steps in such cases provided, and will upon the completion of the organization, forward complete muster-rolls and rosters of officers to these headquarters, and to avoid delay, whenever any regiment has been fully reorganized muster-rolls and a roster for the same will at once be forwarded.

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Houston, June 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General DRAYTON:

I am directed, &c., to say that you will concentrate the command of Colonel Bankhead as rapidly as possible, and prepare it for immediate and active service; that you will establish a line of couriers from Victoria to Colonel Ford's headquarters, wherever they may be; that you may use one of the extra companies intended for Major Mann's battalion for this purpose; that you will also, while preparing to strike at Saluria, prepare to march rapidly to Brownsville; this to be confidential. The major-general enjoins the utmost dispatch in regard to these movements.

A. C. JONES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

41 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT IV

