
CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Shreveport, La., June 3, 1864.

Major General S. PRICE,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires that you make such arrangements, through your agents and friends in Missouri, as will enable you to obtain accurate information for him upon the following points:

First. The information should all have reference to the prospective condition of affairs during the months of August, September, October, and November next. Second. It should embrace in detail accurate information as to the supplies to be obtained in the country, giving the localities and the amount and nature of the supplies. Third. All information in regard to movements of the enemy, the number of troops, and names of commanding officers, where they are stationed, and amount of supplies at the various posts. Fourth. The feeling of the people, prospect of obtaining recruits, and whether they can supply themselves with arms and equipments, and to what extent. Fifth. Information as to the roads, their condition, whether bridges exist, or are necessary at the crossing of the steams, especially via Crowley's Ridge. Sixth. Obtain, if possible, copies of the U. S. military maps; state between what points telegraphic communication exists.

The general commanding desires this information, as, should our successes continue, the opportunity may offer the make a campaign into Missouri.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 3, 1864.

Major General S. PRICE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inclose General Orders, Nos. 1 and 29, current series, from these headquarters, also an extract from Special Orders, Numbers 76, with extracts from official letters addressed to you, and copy of a telegram, all relating to the condition of the cavalry and necessity of instituting prompt measures for reducing them to a state of efficiency and discipline. He directs that you send officers of your staff at once to inspect the cavalry and have these orders enforced. General Orders, Numbers 29, requires that "every cavalryman shall keep himself provided with a serviceable horse," and that those who fail to do so must be transferred to infantry. You will at once dismounted on mules. All mules belonging to the Government, and those captured from the enemy, must be at once turned in to the inspector of field transportation. All other mules will be appraised and purchased by the inspector of field transportation.

You will report as soon as possible what commands have been dismounted and what steps have been taken in the enforcement of orders issued previous to General Orders, Numbers 29. The general com-

