
manding will hold the district commanders responsible for the prompt execution of his orders. He expects that at least 2,000 men will be added to your infantry by doing so. General Orders, Numbers 29, governs all cases as far as the disposition of dismounted men is concerned, and supersedes all others which have been issued on the subject. Men who have had their horses killed in action should be allowed a reasonable length of time to remount themselves, and also the privilege of purchasing from the infirmary camps under charge of the inspector of field transportation. The general commanding suggests the propriety of consolidating. Crawford's brigade with Cabell's old brigade, and desires an expression of your views on the subject.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S BRIGADE,In the Field, June 3, 1864.

Major H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Your Numbers 262 is at hand. I will be near Ford's Landing, where I can direct my scouts, &amp;c., down the river. I wish, respectfully, to inform you that you must rely upon Hughey's battery to engage the enemy, if necessary, because Pratt's battery is without ammunition.

It is my opinion that it would be impossible for couriers to bear information from my pickets at Ford's or Monroe's, at Leland, in time for Hughey's battery to go into position on the river. It is, I think, between 30 and 35 miles from Ford's Landing to Columbia by water; 18 by land. From Leland to Monroe's camp it is 6 1/2 miles, and 5 miles for his battery to move would make 11 1/2 miles. The boats, as you are aware, would have only 12 or 15 miles to run, hence they would have passed any point Hughey's battery could reach. In a word, the navigation of the river cannot be obstructed to any certain boat or boats from Monroe's position or mine.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

P. S.-My scouts extend as far as Grand Lake, but they will not have time sufficient to give information to enable Hughey's battery to go to the river.

G.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 35. Shreveport, La., June 4, 1864.

I. The following regulations of the overland trade to Mexico are published for the information of all concerned:

SECTION 1. All cotton, tobacco, military or naval stores, sugar, molasses, ar rice intended for exportation overland to Mexico must

