
be entered and registered with the collector of customs at one of the established ports of entry, and receive a permit from him after payment of export duties.

SEC. 2. Such permit shall only be grained by the collector upon the certificate issued by a bonded and commissioned officer of the Government, to be hereafter designated, and stationed at San Antonio, Tex. Such certificate shall be issued upon the affidavit of the party applying for it, accompanies with a sworn list of the articles the articles so to be exported are the sole and exclusive property of the C. S. Government, or of some State of the Confederacy, and are to be exported, stating the point of exportation, to the effect that the articles so to be exported are the sole and exclusive property of the C. S. Government, or of some State of the Confederacy, and are to be exported on the sole account of said Government or State, and that no third party has any pecuniary interest therein, except for freight wages, the amount of which shall be stated in said affidavit, which said affidavit and list shall be field and preserved among the records of such office, and a duplicate of said certificate and list to be forwarded to the collector of the point of exportation for his information.

SEC. 3. Any person violating the above will be liable to the penalties declared by law.

SEC. 4. All persons introducing machinery and mechanical and agricultural implements in the Confederate States, upon making proof to the officer at San Antonio by the certificate of the collector of the introduction of the machinery, &amp;c., into the Confederate States or its arrival at the port of entry, that officer will allow a sufficient quantity of cotton to pay for the same to go forward to the port of entry.

SEC. 5. All persons to whom the Government has furnished any of the articles named in the first section of these regulations, in exchange for army supplies already delivered, or who have actually delivered to the Government, by purchase or otherwise, any of the articles above names, will be allowed a permit to export the articles so furnished by the Government, in exchange for army supplies, or to export a like amount of the articles so delivered to the Government. The permit of the collector to be based upon the certificate to that effect of the bonded and commissioned officer, that the army supplies were actually delivered to him for the Government, and in the other, that a like amount of the articles to be exported had actually been delivered to him, also for the Government.

II. The commanding officers of districts will furnish, on application of the officer at San Antonio and the collector of the different ports of entry, such mounted force as may be necessary to insure a compliance with these regulations.

III. The chief of the cotton bureau for the Trans-Mississippi Department is charged with the exportation of all cotton belonging to the Confederate Government, and the introduction of supplies for the use of the department.

IV. Major Asa H. Willie, commissary of subsistence, Provisional Army, C. S., will be stationed at San Antonio, Tex., and charged with the duties prescribed in the above regulations.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

