
OFFICE CHIEF INSP. FIELD TRANSPORTATION, TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Shreveport, June 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. H. COLE,

Insp. General Transportation, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: Your communication dated Mobile, May 11, 1864, was received May 28. My last letter to you was dated May 5. This department requires an immense quantity of transportation. The late victories gave us a large number of wagons and mules in bad order. The wagons are being refitted at Camden, and mules recruited on Red River, at the cut-off. Artillery horses are much needed and the supply is not sufficient. Officers of the Field Transportation Department are now impressing in East District all surplus horses, and in a few weeks the supply will be exhausted. Nearly all the mules that can be spared from cultivating crops have been taken. it will be absolutely necessary to make other arrangements for another year's campaign. General Smith directs me to carry out, if possible, your suggestion. Every effort will be made. Captain A. N. Ogden will be retained here for the present.

I did not feel justified in assuming the entire responsibility of supplying the army with transportation until the proper arrangements had been made. They are now completed, and the Field Transportation Department is responsible for the necessary supply. The orders referring to your Bureaur are now being published, and will be strictly enforced. I have found it necessary to relieve Major George Tucker, only on account of his ignorance of quartermaster duties, as inspector field transportation, District of Louisiana, and will order Major D. N. Speer to succeed him. Captain Ducayet is still in Mexico. The want of irons much felt. We have a large number of wagons made, but not ironed. The enemy cut down several hundred wagons in Arkansas, which are being refitted at Camden. A good deal of material, but not near so much as was at first supposed, will be gotten along the retreat of General Banks. Of the several thousand mules captured from the enemy only a few hundred are in had; the balance were carried off by the citizens, cavalry, and Chostaw Indians.

The order to take all branded animals as Government property is now being enforced, but I fear not many will be gotten. I would respectfully request that appointments be sent to those officers and persons who have been nominated for the field transportation department. At present all means of transportation have to be impressed, as the citizens refuse to sell for the old issues.

Very respectfully,

C. D. HILL,

Major and Chief Insp. Field Transp., Trans-Miss. Dept.

SHREVEPORT, June 6, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

I am influenced by an act* of the Texas Legislature, inclosed herewith, to call your attention to the importance of some legislation in Congress that will not only give the Government undoubted control of the cotton of the country, but that will also legalize the cot-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

