
SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 27, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Care of General Washburn, Memphis:

Telegraph copy of General Orders, War Department, puts this department in your division. This is as it should be. Reporting to you for orders by telegraph, I will write you about affairs here, and inclose a copy of the last tri-monthly. You will see we have 1,905 infantry and 9,425 cavalry in this department. Of the infantry, one regiment is State Militia; one goes out of service on the 20th proximo; one is of colored troops just enlisted. Nine of the cavalry regiments are State Militia, mere scouting force. Two of the others are dismounted, one guarding Alton prison and one guarding depots here. General Steele reports General Marmaduke across the Arkansas with 5,000 cavalry and ten pieces of artillery, probably bound for this department. Our troops are scattered all over the State. They will do us much damage. We have 23,000 armed secret conspirators also to deal with.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 27, 1864. (Received 7 p.m.)

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Kansas City, Mo.:

The general commanding wishes to know when you will be at Warrensburg. It is reported that Todd is in neighborhood of Warsaw. General wants McFerran stirred up. He is not scouting the country sufficiently. Captain Moore, who deserved Wellington, the general wishes arrested and held for trial.

R. S. THOMS,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

KANSAS CITY, MO., May 27, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Unless there are special reasons for it I shall not return to Warrensburg for several days.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

KANSAS CITY, MO., May 27, 1864. (Received 10.40 p.m.)

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Wellington is like many other little villages in the district, all of which want troops to guard them. In accordance with your instructions I have moved the troops with a view to a ready concentration, and have directed that scouting partied shall protect the villages as far as possible, and have particularized Wellington as one of them. They allowed 3 bushwhackers to rob it this week and offered no resistance.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

5 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT IV

