
made, must be made in Texas, calling my attention to the subject and stating that if I believed it feasible I should take the necessary steps to carry it into effect. I believe it feasible under Colonel Baird. The necessary frontier men. To obtain these I ask permission to give authority to Colonel Baird to enlist for the expedition 100 men suitable for the frontier or west, liable or not to conscription, but where services are not likely to be made available in any other way. These can easily be had, he states. Second. No specie being required, I desire to furnish him with such Confederate funds as will enable him to accomplish his purpose. Third. That Major Burk should have orders to furnish ox purpose. Third Major Bunk should have orders to furnish of teams to Colonel Baird to haul supplies to his depots and with a good supply of pack-mules and pack-saddles for further operations, to be furnish or requisition of Colonel Baird, approved by myself. Fourth. One hundred Enfield rifles, with a supply of ammunition, to be furnished in like manner by the department agent at Houston; also 125 cartridge boxes, bayonet scabbards, belts, &amp;c.

I have already the authority to order the quartermaster and subsistence stores, in which must be included axes, spades, &c.

Please submit this to the general at once and answer without loss of time. I at the same time propose to send Major Hunter to Arizona to raise a regiment, capture Fort Towson, and endeavor to drive the enemy out of that country. There will be required at least 200 bales of cotton for this purpose; this will produce clear $10,000. Major Hunter desires to take with him 10 reliable men, for which I desire authority from General Smith. Major Hunter is lately from Baylor's regiment, brings highest recommendations from his superior officers, and has commanded successfully in Arizona in the early part of the war as well as in Louisiana. Request that the cotton be placed at his disposal. Mr. J. W. Bennett, late of the army, having been serving as captain of artillery, is one of the men for whom Major Hunter has applied to accompany him to Arizona. He is well acquainted with that country, energetic, and active Arizona.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,Houston, June 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General DRAYTON,

Commanding Second and Third Sub-Districts:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that you will at once, without any delay, send your forces from Columbus, your artillery as well as troops of the line, to Matagorda, making all necessary arrangements to support them there.

You will not, however, allow these arrangements to impede your movement. The troops will move at one, relying on the grass, which is represented to be good in the vicinity of Matagorda. You can send your subsistence officers ahead to make necessary arrangements. On arriving at Matagorda you will directs the commanding

