
officer of your troops to communicate with Commodore Leon Smith, commanding the flotilla, or with Captain Marmion, should Commodore Smith be absent.

You will furnish the commanding officer of the marine department such protection as he may desire for his flotilla, and will also make every arrangement necessary for the defense of Matagorda. You will acknowledge the receipt of this order and report the number and composition of the troops order down by you, giving the name of commanding officer of the forces and sending copy of instructions furnished him by you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 38. Shreveport, La., June 7, 1864.

I. Whenever the light batteries in this department are not required for active operations, they will be concentrated in the rear, where the field officers of artillery can give their personal attention to the drill and discipline of the men, regulate the batteries, and improve the stock.

II. General Orders, Numbers 19, current series, is modified, so that where troops are serving in the field, and the necessities of the service demand it, district commanders may allow one wagon to division brigades of regiments, as the case may requite, for the

transportation of carpenter and blacksmith tools, &amp;c. When the exigency which causes the extra allowance shall cease to exist, the wagons must be withdraw and turned over to the supply train. By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Camp on Village Creek, June 7, 1864.

Major T. REVES,

Commanding Battalion:

MAJOR: I just had the pleasure of meeting your adjutant. I have been ordered have the General Smith for the purpose of collecting the troops on the north side of Arkansas River. I expected to find the commands that had been reported to have existed in camp, and in some shape, but, to my very great dispoinment, I find that there are no men together and no command in supporting distance of another. However, you know the condition of affairs much better that I do. But with the united efforts of the different commanders I feel satisfied that we will be able to accomplish much.

I feel satisfied that we will be allowed to penetrate Missouri as far as we may desire. I hope you will get command collected as soon as possible and join me. Increase your command as much as possible. Place every man in the service from sixteen to fifty.

If there any independent companies or squads in your section of the

