
country order them report to you immediately. Consolidate and organize them into companies. Should any refuse resort to any means you deem best to enforce the order.

Let me hear from you soon and report with your command as early as possible. Should any move of importance occur please report same. You will use your own judgment in giving men permission to remain at home to work their crops, allowing only such men to remain at home as you know have crops planted.

By command of Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby:

W. J. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Camp on Village Creek, June 7, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel LOVE,

Commanding Regiment:

COLONEL: Your favor per Lieutenant Shuke [?] been received and contents duly noted. It is my object to concentrate all the resist any Federal force of cavalry they can at present send against us. Besides, if we are successful in organizing these troops and can get them on a war footing, I am satisfied that General Price will allows us to go as far in Mississippi as we desire. As Colonel Freeman is unable for duty I hope you will collect your men as soon possible and report with same. In all cases where your judgment dictates you can permit of your command to save their wheat crops.

You will cause every able man from sixteen to fifty to enter the service. It is time every man should determine whether he is for or against us; if he is for us let him take his musket; if against us let him take the consequences or leave our country. As regards robbers and jayhawkers, authorize your officers to shoot them wherever found. General Smith's instructions are very stringent on that subject and he requires them to be carried out to the letter. He says not one of them must be spared. Let me hear from you often and use every effort in your power to increase your courier.

By order of Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby:

W. J. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Near Morgan's Ferry, June 8, 1964.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the Nineteenth Army Corps is strongly entrenched at Marganza, a position which cannot be attack at this stage of the Mississippi. The Thirteenth, Sixteenth, and Seventeenth Corps have gone to join Sherman. The

