
small detachments have been operating in North Louisiana under orders from department headquarters, and frequent misunderstandings have occurred. I feel entirely positive that if the details of his command be left to Colonel Harrison the general commanding the department will have no cause to campaign of either the discipline of efficiency of his brigade. This leave for the Missouri campaign Walker's division, Polignac's division, and Wharton's cavalry corps of five brigades, together with some fifty pieces of artillery.

These troops be ready to march whenever the general commanding the department desires.

In referring in a former communication on the subject of a Mississippi campaign to the wants of the troops, I performed a duty, but I feel safe in asserting that this command will cheerfully encounter all the risks and hardships of a Missouri campaign without for the supplies mentioned, should it be frond impossible to obtain them without too much delay. If two more regiments of Texas cavalry could be ordered to report to Wharton it would enable him to give Colonel Carter the command of a brigade, and he deserve it. Wharton can command any number of cavalry. He is bayou compare the best cavalry leader I have met in the war.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Columbus, June 9, 1864-4 p. m.

Captain E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston:

CAPTAIN: The instructions from district headquarters of the 6th instant, directing the movement upon Matagorda, reached me yesterday at 2 p. m., between Hallettsville and Victoria. I immediately retraced my steps, and will leave this in a few hours to overtake the artillery and cavalry now route for Matagorda via Elliott's Ferry.

These troops are under the command of Major Nolan, and the effective number as follows:

Pyron's regiment cavalry.......................269

Bradford's battalion cavalry...................271

Jones' light battery............................72

Nichols' light battery..........................62

Total..........................................674

Captain Poole's unattached cavalry, 54 effective, will leave tomorrow morning. Major Nolan has received orders to communicate with Commodore Smith, commanding flotilla, or in the event of the absence of this, with Captain Marion, to co-operate with the commanding officer of the marine department, furnish protection to the flotilla if needed, and to make the best arrangements as his disposal for the defense of Matagorda and repulse of the enemy should he venture to land. When at Hallettsville on Tuesday, 7th instant, a gentleman just from Saluria stated that large fires had been seen at Saluria on Sunday, 5th instant, supposed to be the Yankees evacuating that post. I have received a communication

