
year, the machinery being in Texas and their products sold to the Government. It is also contemplated that another manufacturing establishment of large capacity (the Brazos manufactory) will be in operation before the spring of 1865, which, in connection with an establishment under direction of Major Busby, quartermaster, will furnish resources within the department for supplying the troops without recourse to importations. Until these factories are in operation the clothing of the troops depends upon the purchases of the cotton office of Major Hart, quartermaster, products of the Texas State penitentiary, hand looms of the country, and proceeds of two contracts entered into at this office with John Chiles, of Missouri, and Messrs, Newell, Gatewood &amp;Co., of Texas. Mr. Chiles, under advices from Havana, informs me of arrival of his stores at Matamoras, and his anticipated visit to these headquarters to arrange for their delivery.

The night standing of Messrs. Newell, Gatewood & Co. given confidence in their operations.

To prevent to the deficiency of clothing and its main causes, I will state that Major Hart, who was until recently the only accredited purchasing agent thought the use of cotton-the sole means of purchasing foreign productions-has failed entirely in supplying the requisitions on him. As early as April, 1863, a requisition for 30,000 outfits, approved by the Quartermaster-General, was forwarded to him from my office, but to this day it lies unfilled; nor have I learned of his introducing into the department either clothing or its material to supply even the Western Sub-District of Texas. That officer was the only accredited one, to my knowledge, to exposed cotton and introduce supplies until the Texas cotton office was announced. The office has also been informed of the wants of the bureau, but its deliveries to the present have been small. I have all confidence, however, in its ability to consummate the purpose for which it was established. Having made known my wants to the proper official by timely requisitions-having to some extent employed the odious contract, system, against which too much cannot be said-it is painful reflection to know that my sanguine anticipations have not been realized. The failure of the accredited purchasing officers; the fall of Brownsville, losing thereby large supplies which would have been secured in the summer of 1863; fall of Vicksburg and the interruption of intercourse, thereby preventing the passage of clothing to this department which had been secured by my agents; the depreciation of the currency and consequence interference in purchasing home fabrics, and many other causes have conduced to the paralyzation of the operations of this bureau. I nevertheless fee sustained feel sustained in the assertion that its operations Wharton, Taylor, Prescott, Kirby, Kingsbury, Sniow, and Wright, confirm this statement. The amount of material in my hands, when manufactured in to clothing, will swell the amount for issues to the troops to an equivalent of any preceding quarterly issue.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. H. HAYNES,

Major and Quartermaster, C. S. Army,

Chief Clothing Bureau, Trans-Mississippi Department.

42 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT IV

