
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

List of clothing forwarded to General R. Taylor's command in the field.

Date.	 To whom	 Jack	 Draw	 hav	 Hats	 Pant	 Shir	 Sho

 forwarded.	 ets.	 ers.	 ers	 .	 s.	 ts.	 es.

 	 	 	 ack

 	 	 	 s.

1864.	 Major W. M.	 380	 ...	 ...	 1,00	 100	 200	 1,3

 Stone, chief	 	 	 	 0	 	 	 00

May	 quartermaster,

20	 Walker's

 division.

June	 Major R. W.	 ...	 380	 160	 ...	 350	 ...	 4,0

1	 Sanders, chief	 	 	 	 	 	 	 97

 quartermaster,

 District of

 West

 Louisiana.

I have also caused Captain Taylor, at Houston, to deliver (May 28) Rhine, agent for Walker's division, 1,200 or 1,500 pairs pants, and the Military Board has furnished the same officer for same division 4,000 shirt, 1,000 pairs pants, and 400 pairs drawers.

W. H. HAYNES,

Major, Q. M., and Chief Clothing Bureau Bureau, Trans-Mississippi Dept.

OFFICE OF CHIEF PAYMASTER, TRANS-MISS. DEPT.,

Shreveport, La., June 10, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Comdg, Trans-Miss. Dept., Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following statement in relation to the pay of the troops of the Trans-Mississippi Department: All the troops have been paid to August to a later date. On your return from the campaign in Arkansas, in the beginning of May last, it was suggested to me by Lieutenant Colonel L. W. O'Bannon, chief quartermaster of the department, that by the time the public pay funds, then in the hands of the depositary at Austin, Tex., could be turned over to the several district paymasters, and by them transferred to the several brigade and regimental quartermasters, the month of June would probably have expired and the troops thus find themselves paid in notes subject to a tax of 33 1\3 per cent. on July 1, at the same time recommencing the propriety of postponing their payment, in order to give them benefit of the new issue of Treasury notes. Approving Colonel O' Bannon's suggestion as an act of justice to the soldier, I respectfully asked and obtained your sanction to this step, and on May 13 appressed a circussed a circular to the district paymasters to that effect. Captain Sigourney, chief paymaster,

District of Arkansas, writes that the troops of that district are well satisfied to wait for the new issue, and Captain W. H. Harrison, chief paymaster, District of West Louisiana, who was very urgent for the adoption of this measure, expressed his unqualified employed of it. No complaint whatever has reached this office, but, on the contrary, the delay in the payment of the troops for the reasons set forth seems to give universal satisfaction.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully,

C. E. CARR,

Major and Chief Paymaster, Trans-Miss. Dept.
HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPT., SUBSISTENCE OFFICE,Shreveport, La., June 10, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. ROGGS, Chief of Staff:

For the information of the general commanding I have the honor herewith to inclose certain papers in relation to supplies accumulated

