
III. All horses impressed by the Government, sold or in any manner assigned to officers, will be immediately restored to the quartermaster's department to be appropriated to the public service, as contemplated by law. Such sales and assignments by order of a commanding general are prohibited and will not be sanctioned.

IV. Every officer hereafter appearing in behalf of a prisoner, on trial before a military court-martial, will do so only upon the condition and understanding that he is under a pledge of honor that he has not and will not receive compensation therefor.

V. General Orders, Numbers 29, is modified so that where any cavalryman is dismounted by having his horse killed in action, he shall be allowed forty days to remount himself. Upon the certificate of his commanding officer to the fact, such soldiers will be allowed to purchase from the horses in the infirmaries of the field transportation department.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 145. Shreveport, La., June 10, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Lieutenant General R. Taylor is relieved from command of the District of West Louisiana, which he will immediately turn over to Major General John G. Walker. He will then proceed to Natchitoches, la., and there await the pleasure of the President of the Confederate States.

* * * * *

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Shreveport, June 10, 1864.

Major General JOHN G. WALKER,

Commanding Division, Louisiana:

GENERAL: Orders having been this day issued relieving Lieutenant-General Taylor from the command of the District of West Louisiana, and instructing him to turn over the same to you, the general commanding the department directs you to proceed without delay to the headquarters of Lieutenant-General Taylor for the purpose of relieving him.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,June 10, 1864.

Major-General MARMADUKE, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Your communications marked confidential are at hand. I have talked with Captain Stallard and find that the plans referred to are not matured. An interview with the confidential party is

