
necessary. I suggest that Captain S. be permitted to remain for that purpose. He can place the matter in the hands of an agent of mine, who could negotiate with the confidential party. If Captain S. in not allowed to remain for the purpose named, I will send a proper person to continue the negotiation, through I fear-would become suspicious and refuse to continue the correspondence. Please inform me when I may expect a supply of cannon and Enfield ammunition. Both are needed, as you are aware. If I open the fight vigorously on the river, as I wish to do, I will run out of canon ammunition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

HOUSTON, TEX., June 10, 1864.

Brigadier General F. DRAYTON,

Commanding Second and Third Districts:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 8th instant, transmitted by special messenger, and in reply to state that the major-general commanding no longer has any apprehension of an attack on Matagorda, after having received your letter and after having had an interview width Commodore Leon Smith, who has just returned from Matagorda. In der these circumstances, the major-general commanding directs that the troops which have been diverted by the orders to proceed to Matagorda, proceed in the execution of such orders as may have been previously given by you. The brigade commanded by Colonel Bankhead you will concentrate at or near Hallettsville, or at some point in that quarter where they can be supported.

Colonel Bankhead will be sent to you the very moment he can be spared by the general court-martial now in session here, before which he now stands as a witness in the case pending. It was supposed here that Colonel Bradford had a regiment; it seems he only has a battalion. What has become of the rest of the companies, if ever raised?

Lieutenant Mitchell is ordered to report to you at Columbus instead of Matagorda, as the movement of troops toward Matagorda has been countermanded.

You will please acknowledge receipt of, and report your action on, these orders. Major Mann, with all the companies he has raised, to report to you.

E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Major Mann, supposed to be at or near Gonzales, will report to you with all the companies which he has raised to a number in conformity with the law;l but he will be only allowed a battalion of five companies. The remaining companies can be temporarily ordered to form a small battalion under the senior captain and send in their muster-rolls. When they are all mustered in they will be used to make up other organization; but this is entirely confidential, and will not be made known to any one.

E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

