
should not be interfered with; that the impressments when necessary should be made in a manner least liable to army the feelings of the people against the Government, and, finally, that they should be made to fall upon these who hitherto contributed either none or a small part only of their cotton. I fell solicitous on these two points, and in calling your attention to them desire that your instructions shall be clear and explicit. The bona-fide property of the State must not be interfered with, but cotton should under no circumstances be allowed to pass out or escape impressment under cover of its name. Your officers should first purchase if possible or impress if necessary from these who have given neither in whole nor in part their proportion of the cotton required by the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, June 11, 1864.

Major General S. PRICE, Camden, Ark.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that Buster's battalion Arkansas cavalry has this day been ordered to proceed to Camden and report to you. He wishes you dismount the command as soon as it arrives. They will serve as infantry.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camp near Augusta, June 11, 1864.

Colonel S. D. JACKMAN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding direct that immediately upon receipt of this you will move with your command in this direction, an report to these headquarters as soon as possible If you think you can still recruit in the section of country where you now are you can detail for that purpose a good and efficient officer from each company, giving him instructions to forward the men to the main command as fast as recruited, as the general wishes to place the command upon a war footing without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camp near Augusta, June 11, 1864.

Colonel S. G. KITCHEN:

You will report with your command as soon as possible to Colonel t. H. McCray, at Jacksonport, Ark.

By command of Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby:

W. J. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel Henry E. Clark, Major T. Reves, captain Kuykendall, and Captain Sparks.)

