
promotions on the staff of the general commanding are announced, to date from June 1, 1864, subject to the approval of the President:

Lieutenant Colonel S. S. Anderson, to be colonel, senior assistant adjutant-general.

Major George Williamson, to be lieutenant-colonel, assistant adjutant-general.

Major W. C. Schaumburg, to be lieutenant-colonel, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain C. S. West, to be major, assistant adjutant-general.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHREVEPORT, June 13, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Houston:

A brigade of cavalry has been ordered from Louisiana to you. Anticipating its arrival you can re-enforce Colonel Ford with all your available troops.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,June 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Camden, Ark.:

COLONEL: Since my last communication to you, dated May 31, 1864,* it has rained incessantly until the roads are horrible, and every little stream and bayou almost past fording. I have been very quietly watching and waiting, recruiting my horses and resting until they get strength enough for hard, rough work. By great exertion my commissary is barely able to procure scantly rations of meal and meat, while the horses get half corn enough and but little grass, but I shall soon take the field, when you may expect to hear of some sharp work. The work of recruiting goes bravely on. Colonel McCray will have a brigade, and Dobbin, Coffee, Freeman, and Coleman full regiments. I have directed that a sufficient number of men be furloughed to same the ripening wheat and cultivate the growing corn, and this measure will, besides giving satisfaction, enable the farmers to leave their families well provided for, Arms are greatly needed, as well as discipline, and strict accountability for their miserable system of deserting. The Federals have about 4,000 troops at Devall's Bluff, mostly cavalry, and they are entrenching there rapidly, as if they intended to fall back to that point and make a final stand giving up the valley of the Arkansas River. General Steele has been superseded by General Daniel E. Sickles, who made a speech to his troops and promised

---------------

* See Part I, p. 924.

---------------

