
require. When necessary for the protection of parties collecting animals near the enemy's lines, a cavalry escort will be furnished by the nearest commander of the troops.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

GALVESTON, TEX., June 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General DRAYTON:

I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that he is informed that the commanders of Colonels Pyron and Bradford and Major Mann are being concentrated at Cleark Creek, a point about 18 miles from Columbus. You will direct these commands to remain under further orders, and do all that you can to assemble the Frontier Regiment. Major Bloomfield, chief quartermaster, has been directed to send the transportation from Austin to Clear Creek for (colonel) Acting Brigadier-General Bankhead's command. The best arms will be sent Colonel Bradford's and Major Mann's command, in lieu of others which have been sent, as the general is informed.

E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GALVESTON, TEX., June 15, 1864.

Acting Brigadier General S. P. BANKHEAD,

Commanding Expeditionary Forces, near Columbus:

I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of 13 of instant, and in reply to say that Pyron's, Bradford's, and Mann's commands have been ordered, through Brigadier-General Drayton, to concentrate at Clea Creek, to which point Major Bloomfield has been ordered to move the transportation which he expects to get from Austin. The necessary orders have been given direction the indifferent arms previously furnished Bradford an mann to be returned and the best Enfield rifles supplies these commands. The transportation which Major Bloomfield can procure in Austin will be sent to you at once at Clear Creek, where you will assemble your command and await further orders. It will necessarily require some time for the transportation from Austin to reach you. Communicate from to time to these headquarters the condition of your command.

E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

C. S. GUN-BOAT BAYOU CITY,

Off Pelican Spit, June 15, 1864.

General MAGRUDER,

Galveston, Tex.:

GENERAL: It was represented to Commodore Smith, before I took the command of this vessel (June 1, instant), that she was unfit for service, and that, precious to her being in a situation to do duty, she would have to go to ship-yard for repairs, &amp;c. This was a mistake, for in a few days I placed her in proper order, and shade is now fully competent for service. But, in consequence of the representations

