
the three months' companies no great deal could be done. There was too much thought on the part of the officers of the period of reorganization. Since things have been placed on a war footing a great change has been effected. Captain Farrill asked to be relieved and it was done. His company has been reorganized. A gentleman named White was elected captain. Some of the men have been transferred, and there is a prospect of some good being done by them. There has no cotton been crossed at any point but Ripo Grande City, and all of that but one bale belonged to the Government, and I am not certain all was not C. S. cotton. It is reported cotton has been smuggled across some distance above this. It is doubtful. I will endeavor to find Mr. Brown. I cannot say how long I may remain absent and may not find it convenient to communicate frequently with district headquarters.

I have the honor to be your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH, ARKANSAS,June 15, 1864.

Colonel FREEMAN:

I desire very soon to move against the enemy, and I wish you to have all the armed men of your command to report to me at Jacksonport, Ark., by Tuesday night, the 21st of June. If you should be unable from your would to take the field, your lieutenant-colonel can take command of the men. I received this morning a communication from Lieutenant-Colonel Love asking for information in regard to impressments, and also asking for ammunition. This letter to you will fully answer Colonel Move's questions.

I have no ammunition except fixed ammunition, and cannot furnish you any only in that shape. My ordnance officer will have to know the kind of arms and caliber before he will be able to fill an order. I have no lead with me at all. Where you find horses hid in the bottoms you can get them and order your quartermaster to give them to your dismounted men, and wherever men refuse to take Confederate money for the horses they can spare from their farm work you will have them confiscated by your quartermaster and used for mounting your men. Colonel Love's action in killing jayhawkers meets my warmest approval, and you will carry on the good work whenever men are caught guilty of such act. Captain Anderson, my ordnance officer, will be able to furnish your armed men all the

ammunition they need when they report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH. ARKANSAS,Camp at Bell's, June 15, 1864.

Colonel T. H. McCRAY, Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I have restrained from issuing any more orders that were absolutely necessary until I could meet with Brigadier-General Adams. My orders from headquarters were to assume command of

