
all Confederate troops north of the Arkansas Rover. I have just received a communication from General Adams inclosing the following copy of order* from department headquarters, dated May 21, 1864, which is later than my instructions. I have requested General Adams to report forthwith, in person, an the matter will be settled. As I am the ranking officer and as my orders are explicit you will proceed, as heretofore directed by me, in the organization of your brigade. General Adams writes as follows: " My duties prevent me from meeting you at present." As the interests of the service demand the troops to be collected and organized in this district, I will not be able to delay longer on his account or presence. You will please meet me at Augusta Saturday. We sent you the latest papers. Your course in regard to jayhawking is highly approved.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH. ARKANSAS,Camp at Rell's, June 15, 1864.

Captain JOHN A. SCHNABLE, Commanding Recruits:

CAPTAIN: General Shelby directs that you report at once with your command to these headquarters. You can for laugh such men as you know have crops to attend to, giving them such time as you may think proper ar absolutely necessary to save their crops, with orders to report to you, wherever you may be, at the expiration of the time given. All armed men of this command are expected to report at once, as their services are required and needed, as the general intends to make a forwarded movement on the enemy at once. I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP ON STRAIGHT LAKE, 6 MILES SOUTH OF AUGUSTA, ARK.,

June 15, 1864.

General C. W. ADAMS:

General: Your communication of June 14, 1864, has just been received. I confess I am somewhat astonished at General Smith's ordered of May 21, 1864. My orders from district headquarters as well as from General Smith renders it necessary for me to assume command of all troops, squads, and detachments north of the Arkansas River. I have made three efforts to notify you of these instructions and to inform you of the position I occupied. You state you cannot meet me at present, but it is all-important that you should, and I therefore again request you to do so immediately. I am fully aware of the difficulties under which you have labored, nor do I for a moment desire to place any obstacle in the way of your entire discharge of duties, but if you should fasil to meet me, I am compelled by my orders to collect the troops in the manner already described.

I do not desire the command of this district, and it is far from being enviable, from what I have seen and heard.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

