
Colonel McCray has been ordered to establish his headquarters at Jacksonport, to collect all the troops in that section, and to organize them into regiments prior to the formation of a brigade. I found on my arrival here squads and companies scattered all over the country, some with informal passed and furloughs and a large majority without any authority for being absent at all; in fact, I have yet to learn of a single company or battalion being in camp or in a effective condition. I do not wish by these assertions to cast the least reflection upon you, as I am satisfied you have not been afforced the co-operation of junior officers which have been extended toward you.

Please inform me by return courier if you can meet me by Sunday at Augusta.

I am, general, very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,

Fort Towson, C. n., June 15, 1864.

The major-general commanding publishes with great pleasure the subjoined resolutions of the Fifth Regiment Texas Partisan Rangers, Colonel L. M. Martin commanding.

They breathe the right spirit. They show that desertion is not part if the creed of these men. They pledge themselves, should occasion offer, to emulate the glorious heres who from Virginia to New Mexico have immortalized the Texas soldier.

While Texans are upholding the honor and renown of their glorious State in this mighty struggle now going on-never before equaled in the world's history-what can be thought of the cowardly skulks who are deserting their comrades and country, and of the equally low-down scuffs who uphold them in it? Let every soldier i the Indian Territory determine to be a man, and fight the thing out. Let desertion be a "stink ball" in the nostril of every soldier.

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

Whereas the Fifth Cavalry, Texas Partisan Rangers, having re-enlisted for the war, in obedience to a call our Congress, the following resolutions expressive of their sentiments and feelings are adapted:

First. That we, the officers and men of Martin's regiment, do so heartily and willingly tender our unanimous services and cordial support to your country in vigorously prosecuting the present war so long as the footprints of the and at pollutes the soil of our beloved South, pledging ourselves never to sheathed the sword nor lay down the musket until success shall crown our efforts and an honorable peace be proclaimed throughout our land.

Second. That we esteem it a privilege and an honor to have the opportunity afforded us to thus make known to our friends at home that we are still determined to protect the sanctity of their, honor, lives, and property from the ruthless hirelings of the North, or sacrifice our lives upon the altar of our country; to our comrades in arms that we are resolved to stand by them as friend to friend in battling for the great and glorious cause for which they are so nobly contending.

Third. That we tender to our commanding officers our hearty and cordial support in their efforts to drive dastardly foe from our soil and in promoting the good an prosperity of our country.

L. M. MARTIN,

Chairman.

GEO. WHITE,

Secretary.

