
grounds of the Grand and play bushwacker awhile with them and see what can be done; I have a scout that way now, and am going to put some of my footpads in ambush in the vicinity of Dobbins' Ford, and go around south and east, and see if I can drive some of the whelps into the trap. I still have a line of pickets stretching 9 miles west of this point, which I think will do more good than scouting below.

I have them so arranged that no body of troops can pass in the usual trail north without my knowing it in time to get close after them or head them off. Have got my transportation rested up so that I can get along for the present. My horses are in a bad fix; it is hard work to cure a sore back and scout at the same time; however, unless something stirring comes along, can get along for the present. Norton has returned all right, and he is not good on scout, at least he has not tried one yet; he might do well, can't tell. I received an order from you to immediately send forward all stock captured. I have several strayed ponies I found on the prairie; am using them for light duty, such as patrol, and the nearest pickets. Wish to know if strayers come under that order; they help me out very much. There are now three companies of Missouri State Militia at Germantown. Have not see them. I would most respectfully suggest that this is a fine field for some enterprising lieutenant to try his fortunes in. Can't you send Rizer down this way. Hear that he is not hurt much. Please send A. Doings with him. The express business would help very much if Dodd would connect with me at Harrisonville. Believe this is all that will interest you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. KINGSBURRY,

Captain.

P. S.-Where is the paymaster? Boys all broke. Heard you were coming down here; wish you would, think it would to you good.

E. W. K.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., May 27, 1864.

Colonel FORD,

Kansas City:

About 11 o'clock yesterday, 6 miles from this place, on the Hickman Mills road, 3 bushwhackers attacked 3 citizens, with a team, belonging to this place, and took them into the brush where they had 2 of Company A's men prisoners guarded by 2 more of their party. Company A's men were the messengers returning who brought in your order for two of our companies to move. The citizens were released at dark and came in at 11 o'clock last night. They were told that the soldiers would be killed. Have sent out scout this morning.

E. P. ELMER,

Captain, Commanding Station.

PLEASANT HILL, May 27, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Kansas City, Mo.:

I found to-day, 5 miles west of this place, Privates Ford and Harrington, Company A, near the road, killed and stripped. They went from Hickman as expressmen on the night of the 25th. Killed

