HDQRS., CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH. ARKANSAS,Camp at Bell's, June 16, 1864.

Colonel T. H. McCRAY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: General Shelby directs me to say that you will use your own judgement as regards furloughing farmers, as in many instances it is actually necessary to do so in order to provide for the warns of soldiers' families, although the law make no provision for detailing person to sultivate their crops. Under the late military bill you will find none are exempted. You will refer to paragraph 10 an act to organize force to serve during the war, also to sections 1 to 5, which will give you a complete knowledge of all who are entitled to expedition. You will find as a general thing, in all townships an district, mechanics who are not subject to military duty to attend to the wants of the citizens of the township in which they reside. But in all cases surgeons, minutes, farmers, and mechanics of all grades must be enrolled, and when their services are indispensably necessary to supply the wants of the citizens of the township in which they reside, you can have them detailed to remain and perform their ordinary avocations until the necessities of the service call the into the field. In giving furloughs to farmers in no case will they be given for a longer period than you think actually necessary to secure their crops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M.. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH. ARKANSAS.

Camp at Bell's June 16, 1864.

Lieutenant William H. Ferrell, acting assistant adjutant-general on General Shelby's staff, will proceed to the camp of Colonels Jackman and Coffee an Captain Schnable, and other commanding Confederate officers whose commands are unattached to any regular organized regiment or battalion, and order them to report at once to these headquarters, at Jacksonport or wherever it may be. Lieutenant Ferrell will explain to Colonels Jackman, Coffee, and others the move the general commanding desires to make, and desires the immediate co-operation of all troops now in the field north the Arkansas River.

By command of Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby:

W. J. McARTHUR,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S CAVALRY CORPS,

In the Field, June 17, 1864.

Major General J. BANKNEAD MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: In obedience to orders, I sent General Steele with Parson's brigade to report to you. This is the largest brigade under my command, an disequal to any to be found here or elsewhere in gallantry and soldierly qualities. I especially commend General

