
steele to your confidence as an officer worthy of confidence. As he is deprived of the command of his division by reporting to you, I trust you will at an early day be able to give him an additional brigade. I addressed you two weeks sine a latter of acknowledgment for your kindness in the matters of my transfer. Allow me again to renew my appreciation of your kindness on that occasion.

Trusting, should Texas be invaded, that I may serve under your command, I have the honor to remain, most respectfully, general, your obedient servant.

JOHN A. WHARTON,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., June 18, 1864.

General S. D. LEE,

Meridian, Miss.:

Send to Brigadier-General Liddell, supposed to be near Red River, in Trans-Mississippi Department, an order to recross the Mississippi and report to you for the command of the troops in Eastern Louisiana and Southern Mississippi. Send copy of this dispatch to General Kirby Smith.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

NATCHITOCHES, June 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I reached this point to-day in obedience to orders from department headquarters. I respectfully ask whether I am to confine myself to the limits of the willage.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAULOR,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS STEELE'S CAVALRY DIVISION,June 18, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM H. PARSONS,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: In accordance with instructions received from corps headquarters, you will move your brigade to Houston, Tex., to which point I shall precede you. You will travel via Niblett's Bluff, on the Sabine, at which place measures have been taken to place supplies. For greater convenience in getting camps and in consequence of the necessity of subsisting the animals upon grass, you will move your regiments separately. Moving with your headquarters after all have left by the same road, you will give such instructions to regiment and battalion commanders as will, if possible, make the march an orderly one and not, as has been too frequently the case with our troops, a terror to the citizens. Should the baggage which is expected not have arrived when you leave, you will leave as many teams as can be spared, with a suitable

