
escort to bring it forward. After the troops have started, you can pass to the advance regiments, should you desire to do so, which will enable you to observe the manner of marching. Correct irregularities, etc.

Your obedient servant,

W. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH ARKANSAS,Camp at Bell's, June 18, 1864.,

Captain DAVIS and MAYO,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

CAPTAINS: The general commanding [directs] that Captain Mayo with his company, and you with your company, proceed to this point immediately, The general directs me to say that he will move the available forces north of the Arkansas against the enemy soon; therefore he desires all the troops in camp by the 20th at this point. Captain Davis and Mayo will move their companies to this point immediately on receipt of this order.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. RECRUITING DIST. OF MI. AND NORTHERN ARK.,Dunklin Country, Mo., June 19, 1864.

Major-General FORREST:

SIR: I have been assigned to this by orders from the War Department, to report my command to Richmond. I have met with many obstacles, by reason of the Yankees and their sympathizers, who destroyed everything in the shape of subsistence for men and horses, in consequence of which I have been able to keep only a small force. Now we are cutting wheat and have a fine prospect for a full crop. I have recruited a great many time I will have a great many more man than I can arm, say at least 1,000; and it being impossible to get arms (if they had them) from the commands of General Price of General Smith, by reasons of the enemy and the tributaries intervening between my district and their headquarters, and as I do not report to them and belong more strictly to you department, I send Lieutenant J. C. Douglas, who will show you his commission, who is fully authorized to make all necessary requisitions and sign all papers that may be necessary in the premises to obtain 1,000 stand of arms, say, if possible, 2,000 pistols or cavalry arms, and suitable ammunition for the same, together with 10,000 rounds of shotgun ammunition. I now have on hand only 7,000 rounds buckshot cartridges; however, Lieutenant Douglas is fully authorized, &c., as above stated. I send Lieutenant Douglas and two others; Douglass will go to Mississippi for a few days, the other men will return and let me knew whether you can furnish me any or all the required articles. If it would be possible for you to do so

