
get them to some point of the Mississippi River, if possible above Memphis; but I can meet the articles with a sufficient force and transportation at any point below Memphis. Please let me hear from you as early as possible, so that I may know what to do.

Yours, very respectfully,

H. E. CLARK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH. ARKANSAS,Camp at Bell's, June 19, 1864.

Colonel A. S. DOBBIN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to inform you that he will more to-morrow morning in the direction of Clarendon. He wishes you to meet him as soon as you can near that point with all the man you can collect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH. ARKANSAS,Camp at Bell's, June 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. LOVE,

Commanding Regiment:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say in answer to your communication of the 14th instant, that all impressments of stock and other property, to be legal, must be made by a commissioned officer with written authority from the commanding officer of the section in which such impressment is made. He holds that you, while in command of your regiment, are the only officer in your section who has the right to great such authority. In many cases impressments are made by persons having illegitimate of forged papers. When such instances come to your knowledge you will arrest the parties commuting the outrage and hold them until such time as they can prove the legitimacy of their authority for the deed. When they fail to prove thus you will deal with them as you deem best. The property of all persons who have gone North is subject to confiscation. In all such cases you will confiscate their property and appropriate it to the use of your command. You will be very careful to instruct your officers whom you authorize to make impressments to take mo stock that cannot be spared by the farmers in the cultivation of their crops. You will use your best endeavors to put a stop to their illegal seizut of property, and, if it can de done in no other way, you will shoot the perpetrators wherever they may be found. These roving bands of jayhawkers must be frozen up, and their members when caught must be summarily dealt with.

Captain Cook has related to the general all the facts connected with the capture of the emigrant train, stating that the property captured had been given to his men. He also stated your views on the subject, to wit, that all captured property should be turned over to the quartermaster for the use of the Government, and by him issued to the command. Your view is the correct one, but the general has always allowed his scouts to appropriate to their own use

