
all captured property which was not of special value to the Government. This practice has also received the santrion of General Homles, inasmuch as it encourages them and makes them more willing and anxious to do their duty. In reference to arming your regiment the general desires me to inform you that he will write to General Adams immediately, and if the arms are there you shall have them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH. ARKANSAS,Camp at Bell's, June 19, 1864.

Colonel T. H. McCRAY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: General Shelby directs me to say to you that he wishes General Orders, Numbers 2* (which you will find inclosed), rightly enforced. He further directs that you cause to report to you all companies, detachments, and squads that have been ordered to do so on or before the 1st day of July. You will call in all your recruiting officers by that time and proceed as rapidly as possible int he organization of your brigade. These men who have been furloughed to cultivate their crops will have had ample time to finish their work, and they must be called into camp and kept there. You will consolidate detachments and squads into full companies and hold them in camp in readiness for any orders that may be sent you. You will order all the man belonging to Kinchen's regiment proper to report to him (Colonel S. G. Kitchen), and will recognize him as the commander of that regiment until the matter is definitely settled by orders from district headquarters. Colonel Kitchen will report to you with hies command at such time as you may order.

Very respectfully,

W. J.. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHREVEPORT, June 20, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Houston:

Brigade under General Steele marched on 18th; will reach Miblett's Bluff about 27th.

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General an Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITION FORCES,John Young's Ranch, 40 miles above Brownsville

June 20, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Chief of Staff, Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Colonel J. J. Fisher has just arrived from Matamoras. He has had an interview with Mr. Silvia, secretary of state of Tamaulipas, and brought a letter from

---------------

* Not found

---------------

