
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER.

FORT Smith, Ark., June 14, 1864.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. HOUSTON, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry:

You will, upon the arrival of the Williams at Fort Gibson, see that the freight of the boat is properly unloaded. You will make an inspection of the quartermaster's depot at that post and report to me the condition of the transportation an in what manner Lieutenant Robb is managing his department. upon the return trip of the boat see that she loads on all the lime that is on the bank above the mount of the Illinois for shipment. The barrels that are on the boat will be left as you go up for the purpose of being filled with lime. See that all the salt that Colonel Ritchie has at the mount of the Illinois is loaded on the boats upon her return trip.

By ordered of Brigadier General John M. Thayer:

Respectfully,

GREENE DURBIN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

Fort Smith, Ark., June 13, 1864,

Colonel W. A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Brigadier General Indiana Home Guards, Fort Gibson, C. n.:

COLONEL: There have been 50 wheel-mules shipped from Fort Scot to me, and if they have not arrived at Fort Gibson they will probably reach there in a very few days. The general commanding directs me to say that he wishes you, immediately upon the arrival of the mules at Gibson, to furnish a sufficient number of men as escort to bring the mules through to Fort Smith, as the supply trains we are arraigning cannot be completed until these mules are received.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GREENE DURBIN,

Captain and A. Q. M., Chief Q. M. Dist. of the Frontier.

[Inclosure Numbers 3]

OFFICE CHIEF AND DEPOT COMMISSARY,

Fort Smith, Ark., June 14, 1864.

Captain G. L. GAYLORD,

Commissary of Subsistence, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

I have an order on you to deliver to McDonald and Fuller at fort Gibson 500 barrels of flour; also an order for 20 sacks of green coffee and 15 barrels of brown sugar. These stores have been borrowed of McDonald and Fuller for use of the troops here, and I wish you to take them from the train now arrived or shortly to arrive at Fort Gibson from Fort Scott. Other trains will shortly arrive at Gibson, so that you will be kept supplied with stores. The steamboat Williams will be at your in a day or two, and the general commanding directs that you ship on that boat in good order all such stores as you may have on have more than is necessary to supply the troops drawing stores from you for the next twenty days. You will make out invoices an receipts to me and I will send back the receipts promptly.

M. S. ADAMS,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

