
[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 9, 1864.

Secretary of War, for attention. It is a new doctrine that to drive the enemy out of a city of the Confederacy vests full power in the general to govern it according to his views of its military condition, &amp;c.

JEFF. DAVIS.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH. ARKANSAS,June 22, 1864.

Colonel S. D. JACKMAN,

Commanding Regiment:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding has heard may complaints of the conduct of your men. He directs me to say to you that your orders on the subject of jayhawking, rigid as they are, must be enforced. When you find any of your men stealing horses or other stock you will arrest them and send them to Colonel McCray, at Jacksonport, to be confined in jail until they can be tried. The citizens must and shall be protected in the possession of their property. They have thus far shown every disposition to assist us, but this detestable system of:"jayhawking" is not broken up they will soon come to preferred the Federals to us. It is well known that your position at present is a difficult one, but you must do the best you can until you can get your regiment with the brigade, when you can properly control them. Any deserters that you may apprehend you will send to Colonel McCray, at Jacksonport, who will assemble a military commission to deal with them as they deserve. The prospect of furnishing your regiment 250 stand of arms is very good. They are now on the river. We will be at Clarendon tonight; will return in a few days. If anything occurs in our absence the general hopes you will co-operate with Colonel McCray.

Very respectfully,

W. J. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH. ARKANSAS,June 22, 1864.

Colonel T. H. McCRAY,

Commanding Brigade, Jacksonport:

COLONEL: The general has learned by latter from General Adams that he has succeeded in procuring 1,000 stand of arms, which will be on the river by the 1st July. At his request I have ordered him to retain certain companies to bring the arms out and have directed him to call upon you for any more men he may need for that purpose. As the arms are for your brigade you had better communicate with General Adams and come to a distinct understanding with him in reference to them. The general has heard a good many complaints of the conduct of Colonel Jackman's men. Colonel Jackman has rigid orders on the subject of impressing stock, and you will see that they are enforced. All men that are found jayhawking will be

