
SHREVEPORT, June 23, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH, Houston, Tex.:

General Walker says that his information as to Canby was not correct. A. J. Smith has gone up the river. Canby has at Morganza only the Nineteenth Army Corps and two brigades of Thirteenth, 6,000 or 7,000 men, with 1,500 cavalry. He has strongly fortified Morganza, mountain heavy guns, intention supposed to be to hold that point against any movement toward La Fourche. Major-General Buckner left Alexandria for this place on 21st.

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 147. Richmond, June 24, 1864.

* * * * *

XXXVI. Brigadier General J. B. Robertson will take immediate command of the reserve forces of the State of Texas. He will complete their, organization and cause them to be mustered into service at once. Yo this and he is authorized to employ all enrolling officers, who are hereby directed to obey his instructions. He will establish his headquarters at such point as he may deem best. Officers of the quartermasters at such point as he may deem best. Officers of the quartermaster, commissary, ordnance, and medical department are required to furnish all necessary facilities. All officers from the State are for any unassigned will immediately report to General Robertson, who is authorized to assign them temporarily to duty with the reserves.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LINE OF THE RIO GRANDE,

Laredo, Tex., June 24, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES E. SLAUGHTER, Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to state, for the information of the major-general commanding, that information has this moment been received at these headquarters from a reliable person who just arrived at Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, from Piedras Negras, that Eagle Pass was attacked last Sunday by the renegades, &amp;c. They went into town, also stated by the same person that Captain Ware, commanding that post, abandoned that place during the night of the attack, but he returned next morning. I have as yet not received from Captain Were any information whatever of the assault of these renegades. I will instantly take the necessary measures to put an end to these assaults and predations. I was on the eve of starting toward Colonel Ford's headquarters, but this unexpected news will naturally retard my movements below.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SANTOS BENAVIDES,

Colonel, Commanding Line of the Rio Grande.

