HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,In the Field, C. N., June 25, 1864.

The subjoined report and resolution of the First Choctaw Regiment are published for the information of all concerned.

A secured observance of treaty stipulations and of their honor and integrity as Southern patriots has marked this people from the outset of this relentless war. No amount of pecuniary loss of physical discomfort, no wiles or threats of their vindictive enemy, have ever for a moment swerved from the patch of duty and of honor. Now, when our illustrious and devotedly patriotic Chief Magistrate, Jefferson Davis, tells them of the difficulties that envirom our cause, and that he relies upon them for assistance, and calls upon them to put forward every able-bodies man cable of bearing arms, the First Choctaw Regiment, which has borne the burned and heat of the day, springs forth with an alacrity worthy their national reputation, and of the holy and trice-glorious cause they have espoused, and unanimously resolve that, "sink or swim, service or perish, come weal or woe," we will rise or fall the country and institutions of our ancestors.

Such conduct is worthy of the First Choctaw Regiment-worthy of their name and notion. The men who at Newtonia and Poison Spring bared breasts to the storm of lead and iron cannot prove recreant. Let their illustrious example be emulated. To the men of the nations capable of bearing arms, let me say to all, go and do likewise. Let there be no silks, in the rear, protected like women and children by the braves in front. Let the Second and Third Choctaw do likewise. From all parts of the Territory the glorious news is coming up that the people are gladly responding to the call.

MAXEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND INDIAN BRIGADE,Camp Green, June 23, 1864.

As the present tern of service of the First Chictaw Regiment, composing a part of the Second Indian Brigade, is about to expire, the command assembled at the headquarters of Colonel Tandy Walker, commanding brigade, and who formerly commanded that regiment, to take into consideration the subject of re-enlistment. Colonel Walker was selected as their president officer and Lieutenant-Colonel Riley requested to act as secretary. After the meeting was thus duly organized, General Douglas H. Coop[ear, being present by previous request, was called upon as their old, tried commander to address them. General C, responded in an earnest and patriotic manner, impressing all present of the great importance of enlisting for the war, and announced that he was in for that period, let it be "one or forty years." Colonel Riley, Major Loring, and others then addressed the meeting.

The following preamble and resolutions were presented deliberation. [It may be well to insert here, for the information of the negro-loving and perfidious Yankees, and also for their encouragement and comfort (such as they got at Newtonia and Poison Spring), that the first resolution presented to this command for action contained a tender to the Confederate Government of their service for two years, provided that they would be received for the that term. This they promptly struck out, and inserted "for the war." let that be long or short.] The preamble and resolution which follow were unimously adopted:

Whereas it has become necessary for the Choctaw Indian troops, in part, to reorganize in consequence of the expiration of their term of the expiration of their term of service, and whereas the threatening attitude of the Federal forces demand of us united and vigorous action to vithhold from their grasp our country, and to protect our national reputation and personal property from disgrace and pillage, and our wives and children from but al outrage starvation: Therefore, be it

1 Resolved, That the First Choctaw Regiment re-enlist in the service of the Confederate States "for the war."

