
II. Resolved, further, That the soldiers of the First Choctaw demand of the principal chief and all ablebodied free citizens of the Choctaw Nation, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years, and fitted for military service, to at once join the army and aid in the common defense of the Choctaw Nation, and give such other co-operation to the Confederate military authorities as will effectually our country from Federal rule ruin.

III. Resolved, further, That the troops regiment will support no man for the National Council at the coming election in August next who in favor of passing a law to force all men, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years in the Confederate service, to do their share of duty as soldiers.

IV. Resolved, further, That this regiment nominate and elect five or more suitable men of this regiment to wait upon Samuel Garland chief, with a copy of the these resolutions.

V. Resolved, further, That this regiment do most earnestly call upon all citizens of the Choctaw Nation, whether of white, to at once join the army and fill up the tinned ranks of the regiments now reorganizing.

Vi. Resolved, further, That this regiments has the most implicit confidence in a ready response to their call upon their fellow-citizens to come to their relief.

VII. Resolved, further, That Captain Dwight, Major Loring, Captain Stewart, Captain wait upon the principal chief and urge our views upon the officer.

TANDY WALKER,

Colonel, Chairman.

The above is a full and correct statement of the meeting of the First Choctaw Regiment.

JAS. RILEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, SECRETARY.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT, &amp;C., Numbers 178. Galveston, June 26, 1864.

* * * * *

IV. Brigadier General T. F. Drayton is hereby assigned to the command of the whole country west of Colorado River, which will be known as the Western Sub-District. Colonel C. L. Pyron is placed in commend of a sub-district comprising Eagle Pass, San Antonio, and the frontier

west and north of, bounded on the east by a line due north from San Antonio, on the south by a line to the Presidio del Rio Gradew from San Antionio, and on the west by the Rio Grade. Colonel Ford will command the country south of a line from San Antonio to Presidio del Rio Grade and west of the San Antonio River. Colonel Bankhead will command the sub-district between the Colorado and San Antonio Rivers, already designated. Colonel Pyron's command will be designated as First District, Western Sub-District, Colonel Ford's command will be designated as Third District, Western Sub-District. The geographical lines here indicated will not, however, be strictly respected when an emergency or the public interests of immediate importance demand that they should be disregarded. In such cases a hearty co-operation is expected from all. The commanders of the First, Second, and Third District, Western Sub-District, will report to Brigadier_General Drayton, whose headquarters will be for the present established at or near Columbus. It is not intended that the commanders of these inferior districts should be in quarters unless in case of bad health.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. B. Magruder:

S. D. YANCEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

