HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH. ARKANSAS,June 26, 1864.

Colonel A. S. DOBBIN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: We did not move last night as intended by reason of the appearance of two gun-boats in the night. This morning they came on down to town, accompanied by one transport loaded with about one regiment of cavalry and four or five loaded with infantry. They have landed their troops and we are now in position waiting to give them battle should they advance from under the protection of their gun-boats. This is written merely as a price of news and is not intended to charge the programme of your operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARSHALL, TEX., June 27, 1864.

General S. PRICE, and

Colonel TRUSTEN POLK,

CAMDEN, ARK.:

GENTLEMAN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th instant.* After carefully considering your arguments, I have determined, in deference to the judgement of such distinguished citizens as yourselves, to take the course you recommend under present circumstances. The policy to be pursued after the advance of our troops Missouri must necessarily be largely influenced by the then existing condition of affairs. Elections of State officers should then be held as soon as possible, in a reasonable compliance with constitutional requirements, and so at to obtain a fair expression of the will of the people, by the customary and established machinery off government, avoiding, on the one hand, unreasonable delay, and the other, any practical exclusion of the great body of our loyal Confederate citizens, i the army or elsewhere, from a share in the choice of the person to whom power shall be intrusted.

I am, gentleman, with great respect, very truly, yours,

THOMAS C. REYNOLDS,

Governor of the State of Missouri.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH. ARKANSAS,June 27, 1864.

Colonel S. D. JACKMAN,

Commanding Regiment:

COLONEL: It is rumored among the citizens that the enemy are crossing a force near Cotton Plant, but I have not learned as yet of the truth of the rumor. You will keep a close lookout in that direction and keep these headquarters well advised of their movements. There is a force in our rear, but they are not prossing us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. McARTHUR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel T. H. McCray.)

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

