
A failure to secure the evacuation of Fort Smith, or even were it evacuated and the lower Arkansas in possession of the enemy, would make the holing of Fort Gibson doubtful, if not impossible, after the rainy season sets in in the fall, on account of the difficulty of procuring supplies. You say, "If the idea of attacking Fort Smith is abandoned I would respectfully suggest a change in the line of operations a little farther north and west." You are aware that the orders are not to endanger the command. The opinion recently expressed by your and forwarded you could obtain (June 19), " there are at Fort Smith, Van Buren, an rag Bayou about 4,000 to 5,000 federals." An attack a force of this size in a fortified place, with metal superior to ours, would, it seems to me,:"endanger the command." About the policy of an attack with our force it seems to me there cannot be two opinions.

In the event of a forward movement below, the policy would be different,a s an attack would hold in check that force and prevent its re-enforcing Little Rock. If lower Arkansas falls to us I do not believe they attempt to hold Fort Smith, and in case of its evacuation then Fort Gibson falls to us. This is the way the case strikes me. I shall at all times be pleased, as I have frequently said, to have the benefit of your suggestions. I have carefully examined the instructions given yesterday, and it seems to me that if the steps pointed out to force an evacuation of Fort Smith are successful they will at the same time and for the same reason necessity the evacuation of Fort Gibson, the importance of which I do not lose sight of. In all movements the character of the others under which this force must act as a co-operating force must be kept in view, as well as the length of the line which supplies have to be hauled, and the amount and character of our transportation, as well as the character of our troops and their partially unarmed condition, must be kept in view. A copy of your, together with this, will be forwarded to General Smith and early instructions solicited, which can be awaited without delaying movements now on foot and suggested in y letter of yesterday. I shall return to-morrow afternoon to Fort Towson via Boggy depot and Fort Washita, and in the mean time hope that the movements of our little army may be as successful as our people have been elsewhere this year.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. R. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,In Camp, June 29, 1864.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER,

Commanding Division, &c.:

GENERAL: Your letter, Numbers 503, * of yesterday is just received. There can be no question on the mind of an officer acquainted with his duties upon the point you fear may be raised by some of the white officers in the event they are thrown in connection with Indian troops commanded by a senior officer. The law is positive and definite that the senior officer present shall command the whole. The Confederate Government recognizes Indian officers without

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

