
to consist of the Sixth Michigan Volunteers, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, and First Indiana Heavy Artillery, all to be armed and equipped forthwith for temporary service as infantry. That portion of the First Indiana Heavy Artillery which is now serving with the heavy guns in the field will remain with their guns and is excepted from the force of the above. All details from these regiments will be at once relieved and returned to their regiments for duty. The Sixth Michigan will proceed, as soon as equipped, to Morganza, and be reported to Brigadier General T. W. Sherman. The Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry and First Indiana Volunteers will proceed to Morganza, and be reported to General Sherman so soon as they are relieved at Baton Rouge by regiments to be designated in future orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES, Numbers 116. Morganza, La., May 23, 1864.

* * * * *

15. Colonel Dickey, commanding First Brigade, U. S. Infantry (colored), will report for duty in the quartermaster's department, and will furnish any details Captain Sawtelle, assistant quartermaster, may require. Colonel Robinson, commanding Engineer Brigade, will furnish all picket details now required from Colonel Dickey's brigade.

16. Brigadier-General Benton, commanding detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps, will send one division of his command to New Orleans to report to the commanding officer of the department there as soon as transportation is furnished. Lieutenant Colonel J. G. Chandler, chief quartermaster, will direct all boats going down the river to report to General Benton for the transportation of the troops.

By command of Brigadier-General Emory:

FREDERIC SPEED,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, May 23, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Defenses of New Orleans:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that it is the intention of the commanding general to send at once to Ship Island all rebel prisoners now in this city, numbering in the aggregate perhaps 1,300. The chief quartermaster has been directed to furnish transportation at the earliest possible moment, and General Bowen has been instructed to send forward the prisoners as rapidly as the means of transportation will admit. The commanding general desires that you will take every precaution to enforce order among the prisoners after their arrival, and to prevent any escape. No measures which may secure these ends will be overlooked, nor will any exercise of power be deemed too severe which may add to their security. If in your

