HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,In the Field, Mount Vernon, May 27, 1864.

Major BURCH,

Commanding at Neosho:

Major Melton, at Berryville, reports that General Shelby, with 1,800 men and six pieces of artillery, was on the Osage Fork of King's River last night. I have no information as to what his designs are. You will keep scouts out south and communicate with Cassville as often as possible, and if Shelby advances upon Neosho with artillery you will fall back in this direction with your command, fighting as you fall back, if you can do so. Communicate to me all information you obtain of his movements as rapidly as possible.

My impression is that he will no move north now, but he may. I can hardly credit the statement that Shelby has artillery. If you learn that he has not you can probably hold your post against cavalry of infantry. If his force passes north by you, you will follow with all your command, except enough to protect your post from small bands of guerrillas moving in such a manner as to join forces in this section.

I left Cassville this morning and shall proceed to Springfield to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LACLEDE, MO., May 27, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

DEAR SIR: Our country is seriously infested with horses thieves and bushwhackers. There have been several horses stolen in the county and several families robbed this week, and we do not know how soon we may be bushwhacked here. We are expecting it every day, and as we have no effective organized force here, I have been solicited by a number of our citizens to address you on the subject, and propose to you that, by your authority, we will organize a company of men, say 25 or 30, and post them secretly at different places in the county, and ferret them out if possible.

We want the authority of Government to do so, and as we are not able to do it at our own expense, we would ask to be paid by the Government the same as other soldiers, say for the term of sixty to one hundred days. Now, general, I feel determined that our county shall be rid of those pestilent fellows as soon as possible, and it has got to be done through some secret plan, so that everybody is not acquainted with our whereabouts. I will take command of such a squad of men, select my own men, and then [if there] is any such thing as routing them, I will promise you that it shall be done. Or, general, if you do not subscribe to this plan, I would propose that the Government hire a few secret detectives and let them devote their time to hunting bushwhackers. Please answer.

Your most obedient servant,

W. J. PORTER,

Late Lieutenant, 33rd Mo. Vols., Asst. Prov. March at Laclede.

