
subordinate myself to an individual of an inferior race; and I may say, without any consultation, that I am fully satisfied that no other white officer in this brigade will.

We undergo humiliations and discouragements enough here, without this additional chastisement. Isolated in an uncultivated wasted waste; cut off from all hope of the advancement incident to good conduct cut off military districts, with only the sense of duty to sustain us; half armed, half clothed, insufficient in number to effect anything positive, except to prevent the Territory from being overrun and the granary of the Southwest from being destroyed, with the certainty that without the interposition of the few white troops here the Federals would soon be in North Texas, and that without our interposition the credit of whatever may be accomplished will be rendered mainly to others, and comparative injunctive done us (I speak from experience, not supposition), our situation is sufficiently disagreeable without any unnecessary degradations.

CHARLES DE MORSE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 57. Richmond, June 30, 1864.

* * * * *

XI. The reserve forces of the several States are under the permanent direction and control of the general officers respectively assigned to their command by the President. Department, district, and other commanders of the active forces may have, for the time being, the direction of the military movements of such reserve forces as may be turned over to their command for service, but are forbidden to disband those forces of otherwise interfere with any matters pertaining t their permanent organizations, except with the concurrence of the general commanding the reserve of a State.,

XII. When no langer required for service with the active forces, the reserve troops will be immediately turned over to the commander of reserves for the State.

XIII. General officers commanding reserves for the several States will be held responsible in all matters relating to the efficiency and permanent organization of their commands.

XIV. Leaves of absence and furloughs will not be granted to reserve troops, except by the general commanding the reserve for the States to which they belong, or in accordance with regulations prescribed in his; but leaves of absence and furloughs will not be granted to reserve forces serving in the field, it, in the judgment of department commanders, it be incompatible with the public safety to grant them.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES IN NORTH. ARKANSAS,June 30, 1864.

Colonel B. F. GORDON, Commanding Regiment, Shelby's Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you have your command in readiness to move immediately to the vicinity of Augusta, camping on the Jacksonport and Augusta road somewhere be

