HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 27, 1864.

Mr. A. C. VOTEN,

Postmaster, Maryville, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of May 16, and to reply that the circulation of the pestiferous sheets alluded to by you is permitted by General Rosecrans, who seems to think he can hold them in proper check. It is not for the general commanding to go behind or beyond the authority of his superior officer. The general is aware of the bad effect of the teachings of these journals, and wishes that not one copy of them were allowed on this side of the Mississippi, but that, unless he has direct orders from General Rosecrans, he is powerless to prevent it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

LEAVENWORTH, KANS., May 27, 1864. (Received 3 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

General Mitchell, my district commander, Nebraska, apprehends more trouble on overland route. Many of the Minnesota Indians having moved down near to Cottonwood Springs, he thinks General Sully's troops should, part of them, take that route, and I heartily concur in this opinion. Settlements and travel on Platte River route must be maintained. A light battery and 1,000 men from the Sully command would help me in that quarter. The Indians and guerrillas keep all my troops on the stretch. General Brown asks me to help him in Missouri, where he says we shall have to look out for another raid into Kansas.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 27, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Leavenworth, Kans.:

Your dispatch not answered from my illness. From all information, Marmaduke has crossed the Arkansas at Dardanelle, with from 3,000 to 5,000 cavalry and six to ten pieces of artillery. Part of that force recrossed. Whether Steele's communications in Western Missouri or Kansas is aimed at cannot yet be divined. To concentrate quickly and be on the alert is the best now. If they cross into Kansas we shall try to combine Brown and Sanborn with what else we can get, and close on their rear. If they come into Missouri we must try and prevent their escape.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 27, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Leavenworth, Kans.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of you valued favor of 26th instant, and in reply thereto would say my

