
estimate of Captain Wilson and his company is the same as yours, and that I ordered him on duty with his men twenty days ago, whereupon he, with the leading Unionists of Parkville, protested against it, saying there was no necessity for any troops in Platte County. I very reluctantly revoked the order. I have again ordered him on duty and charged him with the special duty of guarding the river front from Clay County to Farley, also giving him provost-marshal powers for that region.

I have ordered four companies of the new Enrolled Missouri Militia on duty in Platte and Clay Counties, and I assure you that I shall put down the bushwhackers with a heavy hand if the troops do their duty. It was not best to relieve all the Paw Paws. Some of them are very good, and even our worthy President has been made to believe that the Paw Paws have actually saved Northwest Missouri. You see, general, that I have to go cautiously. I wish I had good U. S. troops from abroad. The arming of the Paw Paws has opened the door for much trouble. I thank you for your kindly letters and wise suggestions, and hope to hear often from you, and I assure you of cheerful and hearty co-operation in putting down the evils of the border.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 27, 1864. (Received 11.15 a.m.)

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Kansas City:

General McKean will call out militia to guard stations and join you with one regiment volunteer, if rebel forces gather so as to make it very necessary, but try to get more troops from General Rosecrans, who has a better supply than I have. Keep McKean and me posted. Don't let the rebels hatch their vipers anywhere.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, KANS., May 27, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Fort Scott, Kans.:

The following has been received from General Curtis, commanding department:

General Thayer telegraphs that he will immediately send force up from Gibson to mouth of Grand River to escort refugee Indians. The train properly belonging to Gibson must go within the refugees; no more should go. Thayer has thirty days' provision, and river rising.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

You will be governed in your arrangements accordingly.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

