
PAOLA, May 27, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Commanding:

The following has just been received from General Curtis:

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 27, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. McKEAN,

Commanding, Paola:

Dispatches from Fort Smith and General Rosecrans speak of a force having crossed onto this side of Arkansas, with several pieces of cannon; their designs are not known. Have scouts sent out southeast from Fort Scott, and have citizens engaged to bring in intelligence if raiders appear. Such citizens should be assured of being well paid for their trip, and a horse if killed. Have such arrangements made on your lines everywhere. Good men can be picked and paid, if necessary, for being always ready with horses to run in with intelligence.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 27, 1864.

Major J. F. MELINE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Northwest:

MAJOR: I had the honor to telegraph General Pope to-day requesting him to rescind Special Orders, 72 and 75, accepting the resignation of Colonel Crooks, which have not yet taken effect. If the destination of the regiment had not been changed, and it had remained to be distributed in garrisons in this district, there would have been no imperative necessity for the retention of Colonel Crooks in the service; but as it is to be sent where it will undoubtedly be kept together and act as a unit, the case is very different. The lieutenant-colonel of the Sixth is acting assistant provost-marshal of the State, and in my opinion it would very much destroy the morale and efficiency of this fine body of men should they be compelled to go into the field under the command of their present major. Colonel Crooks is a fine soldier, having received a West Point education, and he is withal much beloved by his regiment, albeit he is a strict disciplinarian. I trust his tender of resignation will be sent back unaccepted to these headquarters.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

VICKSBURG, May 28, 1864. (Received 2.30 p.m., June 3.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have sent the detachment of the Seventeenth Army Corps under Brigadier General T. K. Smith to Memphis. If General Steele should not be threatened by any considerable force the division of Major General A. J. Smith will also be sent to that place. The force in the District of West Tennessee will be increased as far as may be necessary to secure Sherman's rear, as his operations are far more important than any that can be undertaken immediately west of

