
this command. In making your report you will specify fully the actual condition of each corps, division, brigade, and regiment of the command of which you are inspector-general; embodying the reports of your assistants, being careful to recognize the fact that you are to report on everything that comes under your supervision in the line of your duty, without regard to rank. Your attention is particularly called to the cavalry, artillery, and supply departments, and to the transportation service, both by land and water.

In the cavalry branch you will report as to its organization and efficiency, the condition of each regiment in your command as to its efficiency, organization, and equipment, stating whether, in your opinion, any of the regiments should be consolidated or dismounted.

The artillery you will report as to organization and efficiency, the number and caliber of guns, the condition of animals, efficiency of officers, with number and designation of batteries. In the supply department you will include quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance departments, giving statements as to their organization, efficiency, probable amount of material on hand for a given-sized army for a given length of time. In the transportation department you will report fully the amount on hand, giving the number and condition of animals and wagons, and capacity and length and direction of railroads in the land transportation, and number, condition, capacity for troops and material of vessels in the water transportation.

You are directed to see that the equipment of the troops is reduced to the minimum, in accordance with orders from the War Department, and that the troops are constantly kept in such condition as to be able to move at an hour's warning in any direction, paying particular attention to this subject in all future inspections. The general commanding directs that these instructions be forwarded to your direct to save time, but copies will be forwarded to the commanding general of your department. It is desired that your report be forwarded at the earliest possible moment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. WILSON,

Captain, Corps of Engs., and A. I. G., Mil. Div. of W. Miss.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 28, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Morganza, La.:

GENERAL: After retaining enough transportation to supply the troops that Major-General Banks has been directed to assign to the Nineteenth Army Corps, the excess will be sent to New Orleans. The transportation retained should be selected. The surplus baggage should also be sent to New Orleans. The pontoon train will be retained and put in order for service. The quartermaster's department at New Orleans will be instructed to furnish a part of the water transportation required for the movements of your forces. The remainder will be sent from above.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

