SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES, No. 122. Morganza, La., May 28, 1864.

1. Brigadier General C. Grover, commanding Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, will proceed without delay to the headquarters Division of West Mississippi, for the purpose of conferring with the general commanding as to the means in the hands of the brigadier-general commanding Nineteenth Army Corps and U. S. forces at Morganza, for carrying out the letter of instructions dated May 21, 1864. Having done so, and arranged as to the time and means by which we are to commence drawing our supplies from Vicksburg, he will return to these headquarters with all possible dispatch.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

7. As soon as boats are disposable for the service, General Lawler, commanding detachment Thirteenth Army Corps, will commence the shipment of his train to Carrolton, retaining for the present two wagons to each regiment, and two wagons to each division and brigade headquarters, and six ambulances for each brigade.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Brigadier-General Emory:

FREDERICK SPEED,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES,

Morganza, La., May 28, 1864.

Brigadier General M. K. LAWLER,

Commanding Detach. Thirteenth Army Corps, Morganza, La.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that he has received information that the enemy's forces are crossing at Morgan's Ferry, and that some of the Texas cavalry are within 8 miles of here. He desires you to move in your camp at an early hour in the morning, and close on General McMillan's right, so that we may have our forces easily disposable to move out and attack. He wishes you to put your camp in as small a space as convenient for health and comfort, and suggests the clover field on McMillan's right and front, with your reserves behind the parapet, if there is room enough.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General BENTON,

Commanding District of Baton Rouge:

The Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, will remain at Baton Rouge until further orders.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

