
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST DIV. AND DETACH. 13TH A. C.,

Morganza, La., May 28, 1864.

The enemy are crossing at Morgan's Ferry, and there is now a force within 8 miles of here. The commanding officers of the Third Division and the First and Second Brigades of the First Division will hold their commands in entire readiness to repel any assault. A portion of each brigade will be put at 2 a.m., and, in accordance with orders from headquarters U. S. forces, at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning the troops and trains of the detachment will be moved inside the levee. Staff officers will be sent to designate the ground to be occupied by the different brigades.

By command of Brigadier General M. K. Lawler:

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 28, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Donaldsonville:

If General Arnold, with the cavalry, is where you can communicate with him, you will say to him that we have information that the enemy are crossing the Atchafalaya, and if the has forage enough to warrant the movement, or can obtain it by stopping boats containing it, he is directed to ascertain what the enemy is doing in this regard, and to co-operate with General Emory in driving the enemy beyond the Atchafalaya.

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, May 28, 1864.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Your communication by hand of Major E. C. Cabell, bearer of flag of truce, is received. On receipt of a communication from General E. Kirby Smith, dated from Jenkins' Ferry, I directed that all citizen prisoners not charged with violation of the laws of war should be released. By some misunderstanding the instructions seem not to have been fully carried out at the time. I have instructed the provost-marshal-general to liberate at once all citizen prisoners not under charges of violation of the laws of war. All prisoners under charges shall have a fair trial. Colonel Glenn was reported to the Commissary General of Prisoners at Washington as a prisoner of war, but as soon as his real status was ascertained he was properly reported, and pending an order from Washington for his release he has the limits of this city on his parole.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

