HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., May 28, 1864.

R. H. SMITH,

Esq., Manager Military Telegraph:

The general commanding directs me to say that affairs are now too much unsettled to make any arrangements or do anything beyond Cadron Ferry for the present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. T. BRUSH,

First Lieutenant, 18th Illinois Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., May 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. MOYERS,

Commanding Post:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you send the party of the Ninth Iowa Cavalry which arrived from Devall' Bluff with the mules north to Quitman, and from there to Searcy, and from there to Devall's Bluff. Quitman is about 50 miles north from here, Searcy is about 40 miles east of there and about 40 miles from the Bluff. You will instruct the commanding officer, if he hears of any reliable and important move of the enemy, to report the facts at once to these headquarters.

There is a force of ours under Colonel Geiger at Springfield, about 25 miles west of Quitman. They may be at Quitman Monday night, or at least some of them. There was also four squadrons from the Ninth Iowa started from the Bluff the 26th, toward Searcy. The men must be provided with five days' rations and march as soon to-morrow morning as obtained. You will furnish guides from the Third Arkansas Cavalry. A part of one battalion is encamped near you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, May 28, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Dispatch from Major Drummond states he was at Bayou Des Arc this morning; crossed this morning, not without difficulty. Says he will be in the Little Red to-night. Scouting party from below just in. Has been within a few miles of Arkansas Post. Skirmished with small parties of guerrillas, but men no large force. Had 1 man killed, a Mr. Honeycut, a citizen guide whom I sent with the detachment. I have sent three transports and another gun-boat up the river to assist the flotilla at Grand Glaize Bar.

M. M. TRUBMULL,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

LITTLE ROCK, May 28, 1864.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Cadron Creek:

Notify me as soon as you arrive at Cadron Creek, and I will telegraph further instructions to you.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

