
FORT SMITH, ARK., May 28, 1864-8 p.m.

Major General FREDERICK STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

SIR: I started a messenger through to Little Rock, on the south side of the river, two days ago, with a dispatch, in cipher, for you. There was nothing very important in it, only to let you hear from me. Since then General Sanborn, at Cassville, has telegraphed that day before yesterday Shelby was at Osage, in Carroll County, 40 miles northeast of Fayetteville. I have heard nothing from the boats since they left here, and trust they have reached Little Rock in safety. I am extremely anxious to have them return as soon as possible, loaded with commissaries and forage. I want some artillery ammunition sent also, if there is a supply at Little Rock. (See returns as to caliber).

I have telegraphed Colonel Parsons, at Saint Louis, to send a fleet of light-draught steamers, loaded with supplies, to this post. He replied that he would do so at once. I shall start a train to Fort Scott for supplies the first of the week. We have provisions enough on hand to subsist the command forty days. Please send up all the boats that can be spared from the Rock, as the river is in good boating condition, and it is of vital importance to get all the supplies here which it is possible to do while the river lasts. We have nothing to fear if we have supplies.

The place is impregnable, the forts are nearly completed, and a continuous line of rifle-pits, with an extensive abatis from the Arkansas around to the Poteau River. I have nothing late with regard to Cooper, Maxey, Gano, &amp;c., though I have scouts in that direction, and have sent spies to their camp. I have force enough at Clarksville to meet Shelby if he is driven back, and they are watching his movements. If he comes around to Fayetteville, I shall endeavor to meet him there.

What do you think will be Kirby Smith's policy now, Banks having left Red River? My impression is the enemy will be still more determined in their policy of interrupting our communications and cutting off our supplies. I am anxious to hear from you.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-There are here over 1,000 refugees, completely destitute, whom we have to feed. One object in my sending a train to Fort Scott is to send a lot with it to Kansas; and I shall have to send a lot down the river by boats in order to get them to some point where supplies are more plenty, for I cannot feed them here, and they must starve if I do not.

J. M. T.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General THAYER,

Commanding District of the Frontier, Fort Smith, Ark.:

On the 26th instant, Major Melton, commanding detachment Second Arkansas Cavalry at Berryville, Ark., reported Shelby to be on the Osage, southeast of Berryville, with 2,000 men and six pieces of

