
artillery. A report just received from Major Melton by telegraph reports a large number of rebels in the vicinity of Berryville, but does not speak of Shelby. He is probably in that section.

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, the General being absent.

WASHINGTON, D. C, May 28, 1864-3.10 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

The order respecting the movement of the Tenth Kansas is hereby suspended.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 28, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

The following special order just issued and forwarded for information of War Department:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 146. Saint Louis, Mo., May 28, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

4. The quartermaster's department will provide necessary transportation for the immediate movement hence to Memphis, Tenn., and from that point to such other point as may be indicated by Major-General Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, for the following-names regiments, viz: The Ninth Minnesota Volunteers, Sixty-eighth U. S. Colored Volunteers, Twelfth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, Seventh Kansas Cavalry.

The regiment herein indicated will take the necessary steps to complete their equipment for active duty in the field with the least practicable delay. Should the cavalry regiments not have completed their complement of cavalry arms by the time transportation is ready for them infantry arms will be issued by Colonel Callender, upon proper requisition from the commanding officers of the regiments. All officers concerned in the execution of this order will be held strictly accountable for any delay which may arise in the execution thereof.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, May 28, 1864.

Colonel GREENE:

Please find inclosed copies of orders calling into active service the Enrolled Missouri Militia. Special Orders, No. 76, calls them into service at the request of General Curtis, and Special Orders, No. 144, at the request of General Schofield. At a period subsequent to this the entire control of the unorganized, as well as the organized, Enrolled Missouri Militia was delegated to General Schofield, but up to the time of his departure hence he issued no orders calling them into active service. Such orders have always been issued from the office of the adjutant-general of the State. But the same authority granted General Schofield over the Enrolled

