
Missouri Militia has also been conferred on General Rosecrans; hence, if occasion required the calling out of this force now, orders to that effect would emanate from you, and not from the adjutant-general of the State, though the latter might also do it. If I am not properly posted in this matter, I respectfully solicit your instruction.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. PHELAN,

Lieutenant, &amp;c.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

ENROLLED MILITIA, HDQRS. STATE OF MISSOURI, SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 76. Saint Louis, April 23, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Upon the aplication of Major-General Curtis, commanding Department of the Missouri, of this date, Brigadier General Thomas L. Crawford, commanding Second Military District, Enrolled Missouri Militia, is ordered to call into active service three regiments of the militia within his district, for duty upon the line of the Southwest Branch Pacific Railroad. He is instructed to select such regiments as can be, by reason of being better armed and equipped or organized, the most readily assembled. He will rendezvous these regiments at such points upon the line of the road as are nearest their respective headquarters, having accomplished which he will report by letter for further orders to these headquarters. His brigade quartermaster will make timely requisition upon the quartermaster-general of Missouri for such supplies as are actually necessary for thirty days' service in the field.

III. Upon the application of Major General S. R. Curtis, commanding Department of the Missouri, of this date, Brigadier General A. G. Edwards is hereby directed to call into active service, for the period of thirty days, three regiments of the force now under his command. He is instructed to make his selection from among those regiments which can be the most readily assembled, and whose members can be the most easily spared from their ordinary business. He is authorized (should he find it necessary) to fill up either of these regiments to the minimum number of the infantry organization prescribed by existing orders, by details from other regiments under his command. His quartermaster will make timely requisition upon the quartermaster-general of Missouri for such supplies as are necessary to equip these three regiments for active service in the field.

By order of the Commander-in-Chief:

JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

ENROLLED MILITIA, HDQRS. STATE OF MISSOURI, SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 144. Saint Louis, September 7, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

V. Brigadier General A. G. Edwards, commanding First Military District, Enrolled Missouri Militia, is hereby directed to detail immediately from the force under his command, for active service, for a period of thirty days or longer, if required, sixteen companies, to consist of 100 enlisted men each (including the prescribed number

