
extent. It is the express desire of the major-general commanding that as many of your troops be constantly kept in the field, scouting against guerrillas and marauders, as may be so employed without manifest detriment to the service. Great vigilance and activity are necessary to the preservation of safety and order within your district.

It is also reported at these headquarters that teams employed upon the Pacific Railroad works have been passed into Government service by your authority. Reports on file in the office of the chief quartermaster of the department show that there is sufficient transportation within your district for all necessary and practical purposes; and the department commander directs that in future you impress no teams that are employed by the railroad company, as he desires to render every facility for the construction of that road. You are directed to make to these headquarters a full report upon this point, setting forth the reasons or necessity that may have existed for such impressment.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND SUB-DIST., DIST. OF CENTRAL MO.,Sedalia, May 28, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER:

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to call the attention of the general commanding to the importance of suggesting and ordering some badge to be worn by the citizen guards while on duty, by which they may be distinguished, &amp;c. The badges prescribed by you already, to be worn by foragers, scouts, &c., on the hat, would answer. Of this, however, you can better judge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry, M. S. M., Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 28, 1864. (Received 2.35 p.m.)

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Pleasant Hill, Mo.:

The scout consisted of only 33 men. There have been but two companies here for several days, except battery. The guard and escort duty has almost worn them out, and I understand that they had been on constant duty for several days and nights before. When they left here they expected to form a junction. Captain Eads, who it was understood was in the neighborhood of the bushwhackers with 18 men, waiting on this, and being worn out, they came in. We leave at 12 o'clock to-night, moonlight, with three companies Seventh Missouri State Militia, which have come from Sedalia since 11 a.m., and Company C, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, which also march to-day from Burris' camp, and detachment of Companies A and L, First Missouri State Militia, with the view

