
of attacking the camp at daylight in the morning. If we wait to find the camp we except to scout the country to-morrow. I sent 2 messengers to-day to Captain Anderson, to stay in the vicinity until I would get troops, but he had started on a scout with the principal part of his company. My messenger arrived safe, and while he was absent the bushwhackers (it is reported) burned the town. The troops at this station had been barely able to do the guard and picket and escort duty necessary to protect the town and public property. We have a sufficient force now to do some scouting; we had none before without endangering the place and public property.

J. McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

SEDALIA, MO., May 28, 1864. (Received 2.55 p.m., 29th.)

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

I am near this place with six companies.

GEORGE W. KELLY,

Major.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Cassville, Mo.:

Yours received. Major Burch has passed through, going to Saint Louis and thence to Illinois. He says there are no rebels nearer Neosho than Spavinaw, and there only a small number. Lieutenant Sallee wishes to proceed to Saint Louis to consult with the chief engineer of the department in regard to his duties.

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 28, 1864.

Majors MELTON and MOORE,

Berryville, via Cassville, Mo.:

Send out women spies or good scouts and ascertain, if possible, what the enemy's force is and what he intends to do and who is in command. If the enemy designs to attack you at once, and has largely superior forces and artillery, retreat to Cassville; otherwise hold you position and fight the enemy when he comes to you. A large force of the enemy certainly cannot subsist long in that country now. How would it do for you to send out 100 men 6 or 8 miles and feel of the enemy and get information? I think you are safe enough if the enemy has no artillery. In an emergency exercise your own judgment and do what you deem the best for the Government and it will be approved. I will send you re-enforcements just as soon as the troops ordered to Cassville reach there.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

