
out the intimation of such a desire, at such a distance as will attract the enemy without giving any reasonable grounds to suppose that the object of the flag is any other than that expressed in the communication which usually accompanies it. Applications have been received by me from Mrs. Hamilton, wife of A. J. Hamilton, and Mrs. Duval, wife of Dr. Duval, formerly citizens of Texas, now in your lines, and Mrs. Mott, of Baltimore, to go to New Orleans, by way of Saluria. I do not feel myself bound to grant these requests, but desiring to set an example of humanity to the Federal forces, I have done so. The families of these ladies they desire to take with them. These parties will probable go by way of Indianola. I write to ascertain if you will give them passage through your lines to New Orleans, to which place I understand they desire to proceed. I will thank you to send your decision by the flag-of-truce boat which carries this from Matagorda.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. FORCES ON RIO GRANDE, Numbers 36. Brownsville, Tex., May 23, 1864.

I. All citizens of the United States now residing or hereafter coming from the insurrectionary States within the lines of the United States forces on the frontier and coast of Texas who have not taken the oath of allegiance as prescribed by the President's proclamation of December 6, 1863, are required to report to the nearest provost-marshal or assistant provost-marshal within thirty days from the date of this order and take and subscribe said oath.

II. All persons not citizens residing or coming within the lines of the said forces from the insurrectionary States within the time and as provided by the foregoing paragraph, will take and subscribe the oath required by General Orders, Numbers 42, series 1862, Department of the Gulf, for foreigners.

III. All persons residing or found remaining within the lines of said forces after the expiration of the time aforesaid who shall have neglected or refused to take the oath above required, if males, will be held as prisoners of war; if females, will be sent beyond the lines with orders not again to return, under penalty of being treated as spies.

By command of Major-General Herron:

WM. H. CLAPP,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. FORCES ON RIO GRANDE, Numbers 37. Brownsville, Tex., May 23, 1864.

To preserve health, to guard against epidemics, and to prevent the importation and spread of contagious diseases amongst the citizens and troops within the limits of this command, a quarantine is established at the port of Brownsville, to take effect June 1, 1864. All vessels arriving here after that date will remain outside the bar until

