
SAINT JOSEPH, May 28, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have just returned from Platte County, where I conversed [with] farmers, merchants, mechanics, and lawyers, representing all parties and factions from every section of the country, and thoroughly canvassed the condition of affairs in Platte. The reports have been grossly fabulous; not a single individual has been harmed in the county, not one bushwacker has been seen by anybody, and but little stealing for months past. Twenty-seven muskets were taken from Camden Point, and as yet we can learn nothing of them. There was no cause whatever for adjourning the court at Platte City. Every man I saw and conversed with concurred in this opinion. There is just now more industry in Platte County than at any previous time during the war, and the good men of the county have assured me of hearty co-operation in keeping down all lawlessness. I have increased the militia force and have wideawake officers to watch the border. We have found and shot one of the murderers of Major Wilson in this county, and shall without doubt secure and kill the entire gang. Reports of the condition of affairs in Northwest Missouri that have reached Saint Louis through the press have been wickedly exaggerated. There are some magnificent liars in this county.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., May 28, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I have ordered detachments of militia on duty in Buchanan, Platte, Ray, Clay, Carroll, Linn, Howard, Callway, Montgomery, Lincoln, and Pike Counties. The militia, who have served for many months without pay, are very reluctant to leave their farms and workshops. I have assured them that the department commander would cheerfully and earnestly exert his influence to procure payment for past services. It is evident that it will require considerable force to keep down marauding in North Missouri during the summer months. Squads of villains are constantly drifting through our lines south of the river, and crossing to this side. Shall I make any calculation upon being re-enforced by volunteer regiments, or must I depend upon militia and make dispositions accordingly?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 28, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

Make no calculations on re-enforcements at present. They are all ordered below. There must be a call for militia. Proceed with your organizations on the basis of loyalty. Particular instructions will be given you soon.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

