HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 28, 1864.

Colonel JOHN V. DU BOIS,

U. S. Army, Insp. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: In acknowledgment and reply to your inquiry under date of 23rd instant, would say that on the 13th of January last I received from Colonel J. B. Rogers, Second Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, commanding at Cape Girardeau, a telegram, of which the following is a true copy:

CAPE GIRARDEAU, January 13, 1864.

General FISK:

Loyal citizens of Dunklin are anxious to kill guerrillas. There are some who will do so. In Dallas 4 citizens fought and killed 2 of Bolin's men. This kind of men want a little powder and ammunition at times. I think it would be advisable to let them have a little when satisfied their object is self-protection. I ordered Gentry to do so when he thought the parties were acting in good faith, and then in small quantities only. Do you approve? Answer immediately, as Gentry may go soon.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

I replied as follows immediately:

SAINT LOUIS, MO., January 13, 1864.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,

Cape Girardeau:

Your powder plan is approved. Let the guerrillas be mustered out.

FISK,

Brigadier-General.

The telegram of September 25 to Colonel Rogers, from Pilot Knob, I believe to have been the same as certified to by Lieutenant Thompson. I have not the telegraph books of District of Southeast Missouri at hand and cannot, therefore, positively state whether it is a true copy or not. I believe it is. Captain Gillette, my district inspector, had repeatedly recommended that the officers of the Second Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, therein named should be ordered upon the Examining Board. An officer of Company L, Third Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, had but a short time before been before the Board, and, upon being proved wanting, was reduced to his previous rank of corporal or sergeant; and fearing that an examination of Major Dodson and others might result in reducing them to the rank from which they had been promoted, I suggested that they be permitted to resign.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, MO., May 28, 1864.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

I have just returned from Mexico; passed through Montgomery and Callaway Counties, and from all the information I can get am satisfied that as far as any concentration of guerrillas is to be made it will take place in Monroe County. I have ordered Captain Campbell, of Fulton, to start in that direction to-night with 25 men from Mexico. He has been with me and I left him there this morning.

