
I start at 1 p.m. from this place with 30 men. I think I can pick up some of the rascals. Allen, a station 25 miles below this place, on North Missouri Railroad, was robbed last night of clothing; they did not call for money. I have ordered the men into service under Lieutenant Dunlap, in Callaway. They were very much needed. I will report as soon as possible the condition of the militia in Monroe from Monroe. If I do not receive different orders from you I shall go from Monroe to Pike and Lincoln, as there are complaints of trouble there. Any communication will be sent to me if addressed to Captain Sharp at this place.

DAN. M. DRAPER,

Lieutenant Colonel Ninth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 28, 1864.

Major GREGORY,

Palmyra, Mo.:

Send a scout of 50 men into Pike County on a mission of extermination of thieves and guerrillas. Major Ledergerber, of Hannibal, will give you information upon which to act. Don't take any prisoners of the class named. Kill them wherever you find them in their hellish work.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 28, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel DRAPER,

Macon, Mo.:

I have ordered Major Gregory, at Palmyra, to send a scout of 50 men through Pike County. I am informed that trouble is increasing in that section. I want a good militia company called into service forthwith in Pike, one in Lincoln, and Captain Stewart in Montgomery County. Can you designate good companies, under first-rate officers? I shall send Colonel Williams to Macon and keep you moving give the rascals no quarter. Captain Stewart will receive arms, ammunition, and other outfit from Saint Louis.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, MO., May 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Heard of H. T. being in Rocheport on the 25th; have not heard from him since. Colonel Draper will be back to-day. Sent a dispatch to have 35 men ready by 1 o'clock; does not say for what purpose. Four men, armed with shotguns and pistols, robbed a store in Allen of $175 worth of clothing last night. I intended to send a squad in that direction when I got the dispatch from Colonel

