HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 28, 1864.

Captain W. B. KEMPER,

Commanding at Liberty:

CAPTAIN: I am in receipt of your report under date of 27th instant, and in response thereto have to say that your actions thus far have been commendable and characterized with the proper diligence and vigor. I am quite satisfied that we shall have work enough to keep us well employed during the summer months. The villains will drift through the lines on the south side of the river and come to a land of plenty to steal. We cannot to be too vigilant and determined. Kill all such wherever you find them in their hellish practices.

I have ordered more militia on duty in Platte County, and your lieutenant with his detachment will soon join you at Liberty. You will authorize, in my name, the calling into active service at once the best militia company that can be found in either Clinton or Clay Counties to report to you for orders. I have a petition from E. M. Samuels and others of Liberty, asking that the additional forces be called out. I desire to have our force strong engouth, but at the same time an reluctant to call our people from their farms and workshops unnecessarily. Let the militia company go to work at once. Make the county too hot for bushwhackers. I hope you will succeed in finding any rebel recruiting officer that may be at work in your bailiwick.

I am, captain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 28, 1864.

GUSTAVUS COHRS,

Assistant Provost-Marshal, Liberty, Mo.:

SIR: In the absence of the district provost-marshal, I am instructed by the general commanding to answer your communication inclosing copy of your Special Orders, No. 2, and to say that hereafter you will not transcend your authority so much as to issue orders regulating the conduct and affairs of the people in general. Your assumption of authority in this instance is only equaled by the bad taste in which the "job" was executed. The general commanding assumes the prerogative of issuing orders concerning the general welfare of this command, and is confident that he can manage affairs of this nature, at least for the present.

Whenever you have occasion to promulgate orders, they should bear the approval of the district provost-marshal, who is supposed to be advised of the wishes of the commanding general. We are inclined to the belief that you issued said order in good faith, supposing it would meet the emergencies which presented themselves to you, and only caution you against placing too much stress upon appearances when you have nothing definite. We are fully advised of the condition of affairs throughout your sub-district and shall certainly not fail to strike swift and sure whenever there is anything to strike. Your detectives are not accomplishing very much if they can furnish nothing of greater importance than what some excited old

