
women say concerning yourself. Their attention should be turned to something more profitable to the Government, or their services will be dispensed with.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 28, 1864.

E. M. SAMUEL, W. S. REYNOLDS, and others,

Liberty, Clay County, Mo.:

GENTLEMEN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 26th instant, and in reply state that I have made such disposition of my troops as will soon place all of Captain Kemper's company in your county, and have directed Captain Kemper, in my name, to call into active service the best militia company he can find, either in Clay or Clinton Counties, to report to him for duty at Liberty and vicinity. I assure you, gentlemen, that I am desirous to keep the district quiet and put down all lawlessness and kill the villainous thieves and guerrillas. At the same time I must be careful not to withdraw our people from their industrial pursuits. We must take care of ourselves. I canot consistently ask for regular troops to be sent us when they are so much needed at the front. I trust that the loayl men, and women, too, of Clay will co-operate cheerfully and earnestly in sustaining the military authorities in their difficult task in finding the disturbers of the peace. Get reliable information; don't allow anybody to lie about your county as they have about Platte County. Carefully trace back all rumors. The disloyalists love to keep us uneasy with lying reports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 28, 1864.

Mr. W. J. PORTER,

Laclede, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of May 27, 1864, and to tank you in his name for your earnest interest for the peace, quiet, and welfare of your section. A company of mounted men is soon to be placed on duty in Linn County for the purpose of quenching the villains and trying to maintain order.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 28, 1864.

Captain I. W. STEWARD,

Wellsville, Mo.:

Call your men-100 in number-into active forthwith. You will be supplied with arms and other appliances very speedily,

