
PAOLA, KANS., May 28, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Lieutenant Van Antwerp, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, with 11 men from Fort Riley, reached Fort Larned on the 23rd instant without molestation. At Cow Creek he found and buried the remains of 1 white man and 1 Indian; white man supposed to be Walker.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Chelsea, Butler County, Kans., May 28, 1864.

Major H. H. HEATH,

Provost-Marshal-General, Kansas:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have just returned from a trip through my district, comprising the counties of Chase, Butler, and Marion, and found all quiet, except much excitement from the late reports of Indian fighting at Fort Larned. The citizens of these counties are in a defenseless condition, except what the militia might render. They could be made very efficient by a portion of them being called into service, to act as scouts, on the extreme border of these counties. Since my return I learned about 20 deserters from the rebel army passed through in the vicinity of Council Grove, and were making for Leavenworth. During my absence there were 2 men here, who passed themselves for provost-marshals and detectives. Major, please send me a list of your appointees on the border that I may know how to co-operate with them. In regard to the grand Indian council that was to be held on the Arkansas, I visited that point and found the Wichita, Kickapoo, and Kaws (the latter Kansas Indians) were assembled there, but there was nothing done, owing to the small-pox raging among the Wichitas. The tribes mentioned dispersed, making the council a failure. I will keep you informed of all that transpires pertaining to my duties and the good of the service.

I am, major, very respectfully,

J. C. LAMBDIN,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, COLORADO TERRITORY,

Denver, May 28, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of the 9th instant was received a few days ago. I have delayed an answer for a few days to gather more information in regard to the dangers to which our settlements are subjected from hostile Indians, and to see if we could not spare our troops for the active was against the rebellion, in which we are all so deeply interested. My disposition to spare all the troops not positively necessary for our defense may be established by correspondence had with yourself when in command of the Department of the Missouri.

7 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT IV

