
long and bloody war and the loss of a great many lives, with untold amounts of property. Our lines of communication, our main dependence for subsistence out here,will be plundered and the trains will be driven off the route in consequence of these dangers. The consequence to a people remote as we are from any supplies you can imagine for yourself, and I trust understand.

In the name of humanity, I ask that our troops now on the border of Kansas may not be taken away from us, just as they have been specially prepared to defend us by the Government and at the time of our greatest need of their services since the settlement of the country. I ask, as the best protection to our settlements and the best economy to the Government, that at least half of the regiment go up from their present place of rendezvous on the Arkansas River, which is not very far from the Indian's haunts on the Smoky Hill and Republican, and chastise them severely until they give up hostilities, and I make these requests, feeling as deep and interest in the suppression of the infernal rebellion against the Government as any other man, and also feeling as ready to send out for that purpose every available man at this most trying time in the history of our country. I do it, too, entirely independent of any political or personal considerations. If the permission for the expedition asked for is granted please telegraph me, and I will do my best to co-operate along the line of the settlements and the stage route by distributing arms to the ranchmen for their own defense under our militia regulations.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

[Inclosure No. 1.] EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Denver, November 9, 1863.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose copies of two communications received at this office in reference to difficulties with the Indians; also a copy of a report from Major Loree, U. S. Indian agent, near Fort Laramie; also a letter from John Smith, U. S. Indian interpreter for the Upper Arkansas Agency, addressed to Major Colley, agent; also his letter transmitting the same. As these reports are from reliable parties, I deem it prudent to give copies of them for your information. Some of the bands referred to have been greatly dissatisfied, and a failure to secure a council with a portion of them, which was directed at Washington, makes more probable these reports. As the combination would be formed for mischief it is hoped that our defenses may be adequate to the emergency. A knowledge of the removal of a portion of our troops which marched to Kansas City last week will enhance the danger. I hope our forces may not be weakened further at present. I have sent for the man North referred to, and also the chiefs of the Arapahoes, and will advise you of the result of my conference with them, if one is obtained.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN EVANS,

Governor Colo. Ter. and ex officio Supt. Indian Affairs.

