
caisson and broke two wheels; another horse was shot through the shoulder, rendered useless, and, being unable to move, was killed to terminate his suffering. Some two hours after the rebel batteries had been silenced we were relieved and returned to camp. Our position was such that we were unable to ascertain what damage, if any had been done, the rebels sustained further than having been driven from their position. Respectfully, ALONZO SNOW, Captain, Battery B, First Maryland Light Artillery. Maj. E. IR. PETHERERIDGE, First Maryland Light Artillery. [Indorseinent.] CAMP NEAR NEW BRIDGE, VA., June 6, 1862. The above report of the action in which they were engaged on 5th instant has been received from Captain Snow, Battery B, First Mary- land Artillery. Although this was the first time they were under lire the command conducted itself very creditably throughout the two hours and a half the enemys batteries front four positions and those masked had their guns ranged upon them. Captain Snow, Lieutenants Gerry and Vanneman are deserving of mention for the coolness they exhihited under the enemys cross-fire. Respectfully submitted. EDWARD R. PETIIERBRJDGE, Major, Commanding First Maryland Artillery. Colonel HUNT, Commanding Artillery. NEAR NEW BRIDGE VA 7 .~ June 6, 1862. SIR: In compliance with your request for a more explicit statement of the firing of my battery at New Bridge, on the 5th instant, with the casualties attendant, I submit the following report: The battery was placed in position in the left of the middle road leading to the bridge, the right resting on a road to the east of the middle road and near the junction. Our line extended eastward to the left of the lower road, the center and left sections resting in a corn field. The pieces were planted at irregular intervals, owing to the nature of the ground, which was extremely iniry, having an extended front of not less than 150 yards. The caissons having sunk to the axles in taking position were with (lifficulty withdrawn and placed on the lower road, afterward changed to the right flank and. in the middle road. Abont an hour after we were in position the rebels opened fire upon us from a battery, masked by a point of woods, on the left of the road leading across the bridge1 and which was l)laced so as to completely command it. I had thrown an occasional shell at squads of the enemy plainly visible in the edges of the woods, to secure the ran~e previously to the commencement of the fire. Immediately on their opening I commenced firing with my six o-mnch pieces with case-shot and the Dyer projectile. Unfortunately the lat- ter did not take the rifling well, and bursted short with 8-second fuse,

