
JUNE 8, 1862.Reconnaissance on the New Market Road, Va. REPORTS. No. 1.Brig. Gen. Silas Casey, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Fourth Corps. No. 2.Capt. William J. Gary, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry. No. 1. Report of Brig. Gen. Silas Casey, U. S. Army, commanding Second Divis ion, Fourth Corps. HEADQUARTERS GENERAL CASEYS DIVISION, June 9, 1862. CAPTAIN: The Eighty-fifth iRegiment New York Volunteers and four companies of the Ninety-second Regiment New York Volunteers, with a company of cavalry, to-day made an armed reconnaissance along the New Market road on the other side of White Oak Swamp. They found traces of mounted men, who are reported to belong to the Charles City Troop of Horse, about 300 strong, and who are employed on patrol and picket duty upon the Charles City and New Market roads. They also captured a prisoner, who appears to belong to a battery in the rebel service, and who had in his possession unimportant correspondence addressed to parties in that army. I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant, SILAS CASEY, Brigadier- General Volunteers, Commanding Division. Capt. C. C. SLYDAM, Assistant Adjutant- General. No. 2. Report of Capt. William J. Gary, Third Penuslyvania Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS THIRD PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, 6arnp at Savage Station, June 9, 1862. SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of a reconnais- sance made by me on the 8th instant: In obedience to orders received from the colonel commanding I moved with two companies, D and K, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, on the road through White Oak Swamp. At White Oak Bridge I was. joined by six companies of infantry from the Eighty-fifth and. Ninety- second New York Volunteers, sent out by order of General Casey, under the command of Ma.jor On our arrival at the intersection of the Charles City, New Market, and Quaker roads I ascertained from a reliable source that a small body of rebel cavalry, numbering about 20, had been there some two or three hours previous to our arrival, and that they had returned towar(l Richmond on the New Market road. The infantry were ad- vanced on the diffi~rent roads above mentioned as skirmishers, with the exception of two companies, who were held as a reserve at the crossing~ A detachment of cavalry were thrown forward on the Charles City

