
his assistance, presuming that General Cooke would pursue with vigor. About dusk I received from General Cooke Major Williams note, stating the enemy was in force (3,000 to 5,000), artillery, infantry, and cavalry, and shortly afterward one from General Cooke, stating that he would attack at daylight. I cautioned him to be on his guard, and stated General Sykes would join him at that time, but in the mean time to ascertain where was the enemy, and act according to circum- stances; not, however, to attack with cavalry alone the combined superior force of the enemy. Also stated I wished him or General Emory to see me at 8 oclock, if they could leave the commandthis as I had reason to believe they were still in their own camp. General Emory came, and while here I received the order to send him to Tun- stalls Station, and did so with four squadrons of Rushs cavalry, which I had detached from General Cooke for the purpose of sending on another road to Old Church and on the road to White House. Before daybreak I heard we were in possession of Old Church. The reports of these officers and their subordinates will show fully what was done by their commands. I directed Major Clitz to examine into the circumstances attending the attack upon Captain iRoyall and the pursuit of the enemy. I inclose his report and beg to call attention to the facts elicited. I wish to a(ld that General Cooke seems to have regarded his force as a reserve for the day of battle, and not therefore expected to perform any picket duty; at least no picket duty has been performed by it until ordered by me, except by Captain Royalls command. General Cooke seems to have confined his protection of our flank to scouting with one squadron. from Pipingtree Ferry to the point on Pole Creek Church road where rested General Stonemans l)ickets. I can only express surprise that General Cooke or General Emory did not join earlier their commands in front and there act as circuin- stances required, and that when General Cooke did pursue he should have tied his legs with the infantry command. I have seen no energy or spirit in the pursuit by General Cooke of the enemy or exhibited the characteristics of a skillful and active guardian of our flanks. I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant, F. J. PORTER, Brig. Gen. S. WILLIAMS, Brigadier-General, Commanding. Asst. Adjt. Gen., Headquarters Army of the Potomac. No. 3. Report of Maj. Henry B. Glitz, Twe~fth U. S. Infantry, of attack upon cavalry outposts commanded lnj Capt. William B. Royall, Fifth U. S. Cavalry. CAMP NEAR NEW BRIDGE, VA., June 18, 1862. CAPTAIN: In obedience to the letter of instruction from the head~ -quarters Fifth Provisional Corps, dated the 16th instant? I have the honor to report that I have investigated into the facts connected with the attack upon the cavalry outposts commanded by Captain IRoyall, Fifth Cavalry.

