
I have read the reports of Generals Cooke an(l Emory, Colonels Rush and Warren, Major Williams, Captain Royal], Lieutenant Byrnes, and Lieutenant Leib. All of these reports have been sent in to the gen- eral commanding the Fifth Corps. In the examination of the above officers, as well as of Captains Mc- intosh, Harrison, Whiting, Chambhss, and Lieutenant Brownall of the cavalryI failed to elicit but few facts connected with the attack by, and the pursuit of the enemy not substantially narrated in the reports mentioned above. I shall therefore confine my report to the few additional facts which were not mentioned in those reports. 1st. In reference to Captain Royalls outlying pickets, you will find inclosed a rough map of the roads lying north and east of the Old Church and Hanover Court.House road and between it and the Pamunkey River. I learned from Lieutenant Leib that pickets were stationed at points marked P on the map and vedette~s at the points on the map marked V,and besides having one company out during the day scouting all the roads leading to hanover Court-House. From Hawes Shop to At- lees Station the country was open, not being guarded by either pickets or vedettes, though Lieutenant Leib says he sometimes scouted in that direction. Captain Royall nor his officers considered that part of the country under their ctarge, and it was stated to meI think by Cap- tain Harrisonthat General Stoneman had reported that Captain Royalls pickets did not join his own. There is no evidence, however, to show that any portion of the enemy did really approach through the gap thus left open. First notice ~f the approach of the enemy.Captaiu Mcintosh stated that he was with Captain Royall when he received Lieutenant Leibs first dispatch; that it was hard to decipher, but he (McIntosh) finally made it out. The dispatch I could not obtain. Captain Mcintosh fully corroborated what followed, as reported by Captain Royall, as to the steps he immediately took to support Leib. The first report Captain Royall sent to General Cooke was by Lieutenant WTatkins, who stated to me that he delivered the dispatch or message to General Cooke at about ten minutes before 3 p. m. Major Williams was on the road with the Fifth and Sixth Cavalry by 3.30, and was at the forks of the Hanover road by 4.30. General Cooke was in the vicinity of his camp until after 8 oclock p. in., and did not reach the forks of the road until about 11 oclock. Colonel Warren, with his infantry, arrived there about a half hour before. There was no sign or evidence that any infantry force had passed along the Hauover road. So states Major Williams, and see Colonel Warrens report. Lieutenant Byrnes stated to me that he was positive that he saw infantry in force on the road leading from Dr. Brockenbronghs house to the Hanover Ferry, and yet he admitted that when he first saw them he thought they were some of our own pickets (cavalry). If infantry were there none of our officers seemed to know what became of them; they certainly did not come down onto the Hanover road. Major Williams, Captains Chambliss, McIntosh, Whiting, and Arnold, and Lieutenants Watkins and Walker say that if General Cooke had arrived at the Hanover road with his cavalry when Major Williams did, and pursued with vigor, leaving his infantry supports to guard the road between Old Church and New Castle Ferry over the Pamnunkey, as he

