
was urged to do by Colonel Warren (see his report), tlie enemy must have heen overtaken, perhaps at the Baltimore Store, or at any rate before he could have crossed the Chickaliominy. Major Williams states that the enemy could not have passed the point where he struck the Hanover road more than an hour before he reached there. Captain iRoyall wished me to state that he had verbal orders to resist any force which might approach his position. This was in addition to the written instructions from General Williams. In reference to the movements of General Emorys command in pur- suit I learned nothing more than what was contained in his report and in the report of Colonel Rush, except as to the movements conducted by Maj. IR. Morris, whose report I inclose. It may not be improper for inc to state that the officers of the Fifth Cavalry evinced some discontent because they had been made to turn in their carbines. Very respectfully, your obedient servant, H. B. CLITZ, Major, Twelfth Infantry. Capt. FRED. T. LOCKE, Assistant Adjutant- General, General Porters Corps. No. 4. Reports of Brig. Gen. Philip St. George Caoke, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Reserve, of operations June 1314. HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, June 15, 1862. GENERAL: The 13th instant, while in the act of writing to inform you of the change of position to Gaines Mill, from whence I could draw green forage from the fields and meadows of the Chickahominy, and which I had ordered, I received a report by an officer from Captani Royall of the enemy having attacked him in large force. I immediately sounded To horse, and ordered six squadrons of Emorys brigade to re-enforce him, and reported the facts to the nearest division commander, Brigadier-General Sykes, who sent me a brigade of infantry, nn(ler Colonel Warren, of the Zonaves, and Weeds battery of artillery. As I marched with these forces and my remaining cavalry (six squadrons being on this occasion taken from me) an officer, Lieutenant Byrnes, in the affair with Royall, reported that he had seen from three to five regi- ments of infantry, also artillery. Ijoined the advance of my cavalry at Old Hanover Court-House about 10 oclock in advance of the infantry, when I went on soon after to Old Church. I received at that time various orders from various persons to hold my own and maintain my position; to watch careftilly in front and rear;~~ not attack a superior force, & c. The enemy was supported b~ infantry, no doubt. His force was, in addition, one or two brigades of cavalry, with some artillery. I tol- lowed his trail at daydawn yesterday, sometimes on two roads, to Tun- stalls Station, having found that the White House depot was safe. I arrived there about 9 oclock. General Emory sending fr~n there Rushs Lancers in pursuit; his following him with a regiment of in- fantry and a section of Weeds battery and my marching to join these

