
subsistence, and sent forward at 1 a. m. with an escort via Annandale. Every effort has been made to carry out your orders promptly. The great difficulty seems to consist in the fact that the greater part of the transportation on hand at Alexandria and Washington has been needed for current supplies of the garrisons. Such is the state of the case as represented to me by the quartermasters, and it appears to be true. I take it for granted that this has not been properly explained to you.*

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

Major-General Halleck,

General-in Chief.

On the morning of the 30th heavy artillery firing was in the direction of Fairfax Court-House, which I reported to the General-in Chief.

At 11 a. m. the following telegram was sent:

CAMP NEAR ALEXANDRIA,

August 30, 1862-11 a. m.

Have ordered Summer to leave one brigade in vicinity of Chain Bridge, and to move the rest via Columbia pike on Annandale and Fairfax Court-House. Is this the route you wish them to take? He and Franklin are both instructed to join Pope as promptly as possible. Shall Couch move out also when he arrives?

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

Major-General Halleck,

Washington.

On the same day I received the following:

Washington, August 30, 1862-1.45 p. m.

Ammunition, and particularly for artillery, must be immediately sent forward to Centreville for General Pope. It must be done with all possible dispatch.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

General McCLELLAN.

To which this reply was made:

CAMP NEAR ALEXANDRIA, August 30, 1862-2.10 p. m.

I know nothing of the calibers of Pope's artillery. All I can do is direct my ordnance officer to load up all the wagons sent to him. I have already sent all my headquarters wagons. You will have to see that wagons are sent from Washington. I can do nothing more than give the order that every available wagon in Alexandria shall be loaded at once.

The order to the brigade of Summer that I directed to remain near Chain Bridge and Tennallytown should go from your headquarters to save time. I understand you to intend it also to move. I have no sharpshooters except the guard around my camp. I have sent off every man but those, and will now send them with the train as you direct. I will also send my only remaining squadron of cavalry with General Summer. I can do no more. You now have every man of the Army of the Potomac who is within my reach.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK.

At 10.30 p. m. the following telegram was sent:

CAMP NEAR ALEXANDRIA, August 30, 1862-10.30 p. m.

I have sent the front all my troops with the exception of Couch's division, and have given the orders necessary to insure its being disposed of as you directed. I hourly expect the return of one of my aides, who will give authentic news from the field of battle.

---------------

* See also McClellan to Halleck, August 30, in "Correspondence, etc.," Part III.

---------------

