
Re~port~ of Brig. Gen. William H. Emory, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Cavalry Reserve, of operations June 1314. HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY RESERVE, June 15, 1862. SIR: In compliance with orders received last night I reached Tun- stalls at 2 a. in., h.aving with me the only part of my brigade then left me; that is, four squadrons Sixth Pennsylvania Lancers. At daybreak I was re-enforced by a squadron of the First Cavalry. At Tunstalls I found General Reynolds, with his brigade of infantry, who had come from Dispatch Station by rail. I could get no information of the force of the enemy or his direction except that derived from a sergeant of infantry, that the attack on TunstaiPs Station was by about 175 cavalry, and occurred about sunset. I set every squadron in the field separately to hunt the trail. It was not until 8 oclock that morning that Major Morris, of the Sixth Penn- sylvania (Lancers), struck the trail, and though at once discovering the enemy~s force was greatly understated and very superior to his own, he pushed forward with his single squadron in pursuit. My whole care was now to concentrate my scattered squadrons, which was promptly done, and they were sent forward under Colonel Rush. About this time a deserter came in and stated the enemys force at four regiments of cavalry and report added a battery of artillery. I obtained through General Reynolds the support of the Eleventh Penn- sylvania Cavalry, ordered forward to support Colonel Rush, and a regi- ment of infantry, Colonel Hays. About the same time General Cooke came up and gave a section of artillery, and I immediately went for- ward to support Colonel Rush, and was thus enabled to continue the pursuit without a moments detention, growing out of the false infor- mation on which I first acted. The main body of the enemy, however, had recrossed the Chickahominy by daybreak, and Colonel Rush, lead- ing my advance, chased the last of their pickets over the river about 2 p. m. The information of the enemys escape reached me near Balti- more Cross-Roads, and I there halted until I heard from Colonel Rush, who substantially corroborated the statement. The damage done by the enemy is not commensurate with the bold spirit with which the raid was dictated. He left faster than he came, and the attempt to break up the railroad communication was an entire failure, resulting in cutting the telegraph wire, tearing up a single rail, and burning one car load of corn. At Garlicks Landing he has burned 3 schooners laden with forage and in other places 14 Government wagons. He carried off 4 Government wagons only and 53 Govern-. ment mules. In the pursuit he was compelled to drop 12 of his mules, which I picked up and sent back to the quartermaster at Tunstalls. The whole business, however, is suggestive, and shows on the part of the enemy great knowledge of localities within our pickets, even that of the sutlers establishment. Very respectfully, your obedient servant, W. H. EMORY, Brigadier- General, Co~dg. First Brigade, Cavalry Reserve. Captain KINGSBURY, Assistant Adjutant- General, Reynolds Brigade.

