
from Lieutenant Byrnes, stating that part of the enemys force was composed of five regiments of infantry, which he himself had seen; the third was ftom General Porter, requiring General Cooke or myself, if we could leave our command, to report to him. General Cooke directed me to go over and report to General Porter and be the bearer of Major Williams and Lieutenant Byrnes reports. What happened at this end of the line after that I have no knowledge of whatever. About an hour or less after arriving at General Porters I receiveii an order from him to go with all speed with four squadrons of Lancers to Tunstalls Station, but to approach cautiously and avoid ambuscade. On arriving there I found General Reynolds with a part of his in- fantry brigade, and my operations thence in pursuit will be seen by a report which I was directed to make to him, which was done hastily and just on the eve of returning from Tunstalls Station to this camp, but see no reason for changing it materially. W. II. EMORY, Brigadier General, Comdg. First Brigade, Cavalry Reserve. Lient. JAMES P. MARTIN, Acting Assistant Adjutant- General. No. 6. Report of Col. Richard Hi. Rush, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of opera tions June 1314. HEADQUARTERS SIXTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, Camp of the Cavalry Reserve, June 15, 186210 p. m. SIR: In obedience to the letter of Captain Locke, assistant adjutant- general (Brig. Gen. F. J. Porters division), of this date, I have the honor to report, on the 13th instant, about 3.15 oclock, Boots and saddles was sounded from the headquarters Cavalry Reserve, and I immediately got my regiment in the saddle and followed the Fifth and Sixth U. S. Cavalry, who were moving out of time camp ground in the direction of Bethesda Church. At this point orders from General Emory, who was in the advance, came to me to remain where I was (near Bethesda Church), and detach a squadron to guard and patrol the two roads leading westward, one above and the ither below Bethesda Church. The remaining four squadrons of my regiment were then moved farther down the Old Church road and halted in a field, where we met General Cooke. We remained here some timeuntil nearly sunsetthe First U. S. Cavalry, General Cooke, and General Emory being all present. Hearing that we were probably to be gone for twenty-four hours or more, I obtained permission to return with my regiment to camp, not a half mile distant, to get rations and forage, when I was to return and march with Colonel Warrens coummand to- ward Old Church. As we entered our camp ground we met Colonel Warren, then near sunset. Whilst in camp, at about sunset I received an order from General F. J. Porter to send a squadron to patrol and picket the road from Cold Harbor to Old Church, and before I had time to even give the order I received another order from General Porter to report with my regimn~4 to General Sykes. I immediately started with my four squadrons, one

