
having been left at Bethesda Church. I reached General Sykes head- quarters at about 9 oclock, and then detached the squadron to patrol and picket the road to Old Church from Cold Harbor. I then waited the return of General Sykes, who was not present when I arrived. At a little before 10 General Emory arrived, with orders for me to report to him with what was left of my regiment, and soon after 10 oclock General Emory assumed this command and we went to Tunstalls Station. At sunrise on the 14th General Emory directed me to send a squadron to patrol the ground east of the railroad. I detached Major Morris, with one squadron, for this purpose, and in the course of a few hours received information that he had got on the trail of the enemy, several hundred strong. That was the first information I had of the enemy since the attack on Old Church. General Emory gave me orders to re-enforce Major Morris at once, and other reports soon coming in con- firming his first information of the direction, force,, and movements of the enemy, I sent the remaining squadron of my regu~ent and followed with a platoon of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry that had come in from White House, General Reynolds promising to re-enforce me with what cavalry he could get at White House. It was now about 10 a. in., and I pushed on to overtake Major Morris, which I did between 1 and 2 oclock. Various and conflicting reports were obtained of the time, place, and strength of the enemy, but from a careful sifting of all I am satisfied that the enemy, with not less than l,~00 cavalry and two iron guns drawn by six horses each, reached the section of country between Garlicks Landing, Tunstahls, and White House during the evening of the 13th, and in several detachments; that (luring the night they had united into one general column, with many captured and led animals and wagons, and that all had marched down between 12 and 3.30 a. in. of the 14th on the road from Baltimore Hospital toward Jones Bridge, passing Olivet Church; that they had stopped at the Sycamore farm, near to the Forge Mill, until about 8 a. in., when they left Sycamore farm and went to the Chickahominy to cross. They repaired an old broken bridge just below the Forge Mill, using the rafters and girders of an old house for that purpose. By 2 oclock they had passed over nearly all their column. At 2.45 I reached the Sycamore farm, and seeing smoke over the woods ahead, sent forward Major Morris, with 8 carbineers. lie soon returned, reporting that a mile beyond the woods he had come up to the bridge over the Chick- ahominy, which was broken and burning, watched by 5 men on the other side. He fired one shot at them, when they mounted and ran. I scouted the woods for an hour all about the Sycamore farm and mid, but getting no more trace of the rebels, and feeling satisfied from all the testimony I could get that all had crossed the river, I returned with my command to Tunstalls. Three squadrons of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry from the White House joined me just as I started to return. I had but four of the squadrons of my regiment on this chase. Great credit is due Major Morris for the prompt manner in which he found and followed the trail of the retreating rebels in the morning. Very respectfully, your obedient servant, RJCHD H. RUSH, Colonel Regiment of Lancers. Lieutenant KERIN, Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., First Brigade, Cavalry Reserve.

