
Robert Morris, jr., Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of opera tions June 14. HEADQUARTERS S]:xTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, In the Field, June 17, 1862. MAJOR: In obedience to orders received from you this day 1 have the honor to report that on Saturday, June 14, I was ordered by Colonel iRush to have one squadron of his regiment fed and saddled, ready to start at sunrise to patrol the country on the east side of the railroad toward Saint Peters Church and the White House, as General Emory had just received information that ~the enemy, to the number of 50 or 60, that had been at the station the night previous, had left4 in that direction, and that I should take command of the squadron. It was then about 4.30 oclock. I gave the necessary orders, and then reported for instructions, which Colonel iRush gave me verbally, and were as follows: To patrol the roads toward the White House and Saint Peters Church; to search every house, arrest every white man and send him to General Emory, and if I got on the trail of the enemy to notify the general, and follow on the track; that if necessary re- enforcements would be sent. At 5 oclock, or very near that hour, I started, taking the main road. from the station, and went at as fast a walk as my tired horses and men could go (they having been in the saddle from 3.15 the previous day until 3.30 on the morning of the 14th). About 1 mile from the sta. fion I detached a lieutenant and platoon to go to the White House on a road leading there at that point, on which the prints of a few horses feet were visible. I immediately went on with the remainder of the command until we arrived opposite to Mr. Rices house. I went to this house with one platoon, searched the house and outhouses, found no enemy, and was informed by Mrs. Rice that none had been there. She had heard some horses passing up the road in the night. I rejoined the command and proceeded about a fourth of a mile far. ther, when the road became better and was less cut up by wagons. The tracks of horses here were visible. I stopped at a house, found a man who said the enemy, about 10,000 strong, had been passing all night, commencing at about 8 oclock. This man I sent to General Emory, and searched his house. We then went on without meeting any one until we arrived at the main road leading to Baltimore Store from the White House. Here every trail stopped, as the junction of the two roads formed a swamp or bog, and a drove of cattle was just passing from the White House toward Baltimore. The man in charge told me that none of the enemy were at the White House or had been. I then sent after the lieutenant, who had been detached, and went myself a short distance up the road toward Baltimore, where I discovered a ne- gro, who said that the enemy, about 2,000, had been at Baltimore and destroyed the store the night previous, and left about 8 oclock toward. the Chickahominy. After receiving some letters which he had picked up and turning back the cattle I sent a verbal dispatch to General Em- ory that I was on the trail, and the after questioning the negro further about the roads, I sent a written dispatch, with all the letters handed me by the negro, in which I informed the general that they had been at Baltimore; had gone toward the Chickahominy; that I wished another squadron sent to take the Baltimore road direct, whilst I took the main road from Kent Court-House to the same river.

