
It was then 7 oclock or a few minutes after. I then proceeded to Saint Peters Church, the track of horses continuing until we reached the~ church ,where they turned off to the right. Inquiring at Mrs. Christians and Mr. Appersons, from whom we learned nothing except about the roads and where I was re-enforced by a squadron and a platoon pre- viously detached, we then proceeded to Baltimore, having received an order from General Emory to keep my command together. There I was further re-enforced by another squadron and halted to obtain fur- ther intelligence. Here horse-tracks were distinctly visible, and of a considerable force. I found a negro who had just escaped from the enemy. He told me they were about 1,500; that they had encamped the night before at a place near the Forge Mill; had not got there before 3 oclock and were there when he left, and that be was just from there; that he had heard them talk about Charles City Couit- House aud the Chickahominy. This man I mounted and sent with a sergeant and a dispatch to General Emory. It was then about 9.30 oclock, as near as I can recollect. I started the column and proceeded toward the place called Forge Mill, which is about one-half of a mile from Jones Bridge, but could not go faster than a walk, the horses be- ing very tired. At fhis time 1 received a dispatch from General Emory to f6llow on the trail as long as there was one, which I continued to do until ordered to halt until Colonel Rush joined me with another squadron. I suppose that the command was about 3~ to 4 miles from the Forge Mill, and that it was about 12 or 12.30 oclock when Colonel Rush took command. This, I believe, is all that occurred whilst I had a separate command. \Tery respectfully, your obedient servant, ROBT. MORRIS, JR., Maj. H. B. CLITz, Major, sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry. Twelfth U. A~. Jinfantry. No. 8. Report of Capt. Charles J. Whiting, Pjth U. ASr. Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CAVALRY, June 15, 1862. SIR: Agreeably to orders xeceived this evening from Brigadier-Gen- eral Emory, I have the honor to report that on the afternoon of the 13th To horse was sounded at the headquarters of the cavalry reserve. It was immediately repeated in my camp, and in ten minutes my com- mand was ready. I soon received orders from Brigadier-General Em- ory to go and support Captaiu Royall. A short distance from my camp I met General Emory, and he then instructed me to go to the support of Captain Royall, if I could, drive the enemy back, but if I found the enemy in too large force to retire and bring Captain Royall with me. The general also stated to me that the Sixth Cavalry, under Major Williams, would follow me, and upon its joining me I would be under the orders of Major Williams. Major Williams, however, had taken a shorter cut from his camp and came into the road in advance of me, so that I was under his command from that time. We reached the cross- road, where Captain Royall had been engaged with the enemy, about 4.30 oclock p. in., and remained until 3.30 a. in., when we marched to

