
Tunstalls Station, arriving there about 9 oclock a. in., and remained until the next morning at 5, when we returned to camp. Very respectfully, your obedient servant, CHAS. J. WHITING, Captain, Fifth Cavalry, Commanding Regiment. Lient. JOSEPH KERIN, Acting Assistant Adjutant- General. No. 9. Report of Capt. William B. Royall, Fifth U. S. C1avalry, of operations June 13. CAMP OF CAVALRY RESERVE, June 15, 1862. Sin: I have the honor to state that on the 31st of May I was directed by the commanding officer Fifth U. S. Cavalry to report for detached service with the second and fourth squadrons of the regiment, com- manded by myself and Capt. James E. Harrison, to the brigadier-~en- eral commanding cavalry division. On reporting to the division commander he directed inc to take post with my command at Old Church, Va., about 6 miles to the rear of the then general headquarters, to observe the movements of the enemy in the direction of Hanover Court.House, sending out daily scouts for that purpose, and to establish pickets on the main approaches to Old Church and some distance from that point in the direction of the Pamunkey River. These instructions were obeyed to the letter. One company was detailed daily to go in the direction of Hanover Court-House. On the morning of the 13th instant Lient. Edward H. Leib was detailed for this duty. He left camp with his company (F) at an early hour. About 2 oclock p. in. I received a message from him stating that the enemy were advancing in force from the direction of Hanover Court House, and that he (Leib) was returning slowly toward camp. 1 itume- diately sent Lient. William McLean, with his company (H), to support Lieutenant Leib, and prepared to follow myself with the remainder of my command, consisting of Company C, which was then being relieved from picket duty. My command was weakened by the absence of Captaiu Harrison and a part of his company, who had gone by order of the general-in-cimief with a flag of truce to the enemys lines early that morning. lmnme- diately on the arrival of Company C I or(lered Lient. Richard Byrnes to bring up the company, which was but a short time after Lieutenant McLean left. I started in persomi to join Lieutenant Leib. I found him about 1 mile from my camp, and he reported the enemy in force immediately in his front. This information I sent to the division com- mander by Lieut. Louis D. Watkins. Wishing to satisfy myself from personal observation as to the strength and character of the enemy 1 ordered the command forward. I had proceeded but a short distance, not more than three-quarterS of a mile, when I met the enemys advance, which I charged and drove back. In a few minutes, however, I was attacked by a large force, consisting, I supposed, of six or seven squadrons of cavalry in front and on both flanks. My whole command did not exceed 100 men, and consequently I was driven back.

