
I wheeled my command twice on my retreat and arrested the over- whelming force that charged me, each time emptying three or four saddles. The last mile to camp I was not pursued closely, but on reaching my camp I was forced to turn over my command to Lieutenant Leib, having been exhausted from loss of blood from several saber wounds which I had received, instructing him not to risk another attack, but to remain there until the enemy approached, and then retire by the Cold Harbor road. Lieutenant McLean, after fighting most gallantly, was wounded and taken prisoner. I had 4 men killed and I suppose 10 or 12 wounded. Most of the wounded were taken prisoners. Quite a number of Captain Harrisons company were captured whilst on picket, the enemy seem- ing to know exactly where they were posted, and I suppose cut off their retreat. Of the loss of the enemy I am unable to give an accurate ac- count. We captured 8 or 10 horses, with their whole equipments. I know that quite a number must have been wounded, for in each of my encounters the saber was used freely by my command. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant, W. B. IROYALL Captain Fifth Cavalry, Cornrnan~1ing. Lient. THOMAS E. MALEY, Adjutant Fifth Cavalry, present. No. 10. Report of Lieut. Edward H. Leib, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, of operations June 13. CAMP CAVALRY RESERVE, June 15, 1862. SIR: In obedience to orders received from headquarters to make a detailed statement of the operations of my company I have the honor to rel)ort that on the morning of the 13th I was ordered by Captain Royall, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, to make with my company a reconnais- sance in the direction of Hanover Court-House, and to proceed as far as that place, to ascertain the strength and position of the enemy, should he be found in that quarter. Leaving camp about 6 oclock in the morning I advanced npon the Hanover road, throwing forward as an advance guard a non-commissioned officer and 8 men. Feeling my way cautiously I had advanced at 11 oclock a. m. to within a half mile of Hanover Court-House, where I first caught sight of what I supposed to be the pickets of the enemy. Halting uiy main body and advance in a skirt of timber under cover and out of sight, I cautiously proceeded to reconnoiter in person the strength and l)OsitiOn of the force in front. After a close observation I discovered a body of cavalry drawn up in line and numbering about two squadrons, together with a scattered advance of horsemen, amounting to about 15 men. Having learned that a portion of the Sixth Cavalry had been sent forw-ard in that direction I was uncertain as to whether it was they or the enemy. After halting a few moments I advanced alone to the banks of a small stream, upon the opposite side of which I could still see the horsemen in line. As I approached the stream an officer and 6 or 8 men came down the opposite side. Immediately upon seeing me they

