
and the enemy fell back. I then found they were crossing the creek above and below the bridge, in order to surround and capture my small force. I was forced again to retire, which I did for 2 miles, disputing every inch of ground. The enemy gradually ceased to pursue, and to prevent them flanking me I continued to fall back until I reached the road, which here turns toward Richmond. At this point I determined to hold my position at all hazards, deeming it certain re-enforcements must soon come up. The enemy did not again attack, and after half an hour Captain Royall arrived and assumed command. After explaining to Captain Royall the position and force of the enemy I formed my company for a charge, if necessary, and immedi- ately followed Captain Royal], who, with Lieutenant McLean, had advanced some distance on the road toward the enemy. In a few moments the heads of the columns were engaged, and with drawn sabers I was prepared to charge when Captain Boyall, who was badly wounded, ordered me to fall back, which 1 did slowly, fighting at intervals for half a mile. After this the fighting gradually ceased, and I retired until we reached our camp. There, Captain iRoyalls wounds proving very severe, the command was turned over to me. Having sent word to General Cooke and sent out an advance to feel the enemy, at this point I was joined by Lieutenant Byrnes, with a part of Company C, Fifth Cavalry. I ordered him to form on the left of my line, and in this posi- tion I awaited the enemy for at least an hour. From this point I dispatched two non-commissioned officersone to recall the picket at New Castle Landing and the other to turn back any wagons that might be coming from White House Landing. I also sent an express on the Cold Harbor road to ask for re-enforceiuents at the first camp he met. At last, in about an hour, the enemy attacked me on all sides, and such were his numbers I deemed it proper to order the command to retreat, which I am happy to say was made without loss and in excellent order. During the engagement, and indeed during the whole retreat, which was made in the face of vastly-superior numbers, the men under my command behaved with great coolness, and I take pleasure in mention- ing the valuable services of First Sergt. James T. Baden and Sergeants McMahon and Carter, who supplied to me the place of officers, my own company having no one commissioned but myself. Yery respectfully, your obedient servant, EDWD H. LEIB, First Lieutenant, Fifth Cavalry, Commanding Company F. Lient. THOMAS E. MALEY, Adjutant Fifth Cavalry. .No. 11. Report of Lieut. Richard Byrnes, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, of operations June 13. CAMP OF CAVALRY RESERVE, June 15, 1862. SrR: I have the honor to report that about 2 oclock in the after- noon of the 13th instant Corporal Emory, of Company F, Fifth Cav- alry, was sent into camp by Lieutenant Leib, reporting the enemy

