
that I would support him with artillery and infantry, and that Lieu- tenant Byrnes, Fifth Cavalry, had brought the information. He had seen near Old Church five regiments of the enemys infantry, which went to corroborate his information. I had left for General Porters before his message about Balders pursuit on the White House road reached here, and never received it till at Tunstalls. Respectfully submitted. W. H. EMORY, Brigadier- General. (InclosuresI MAJOR: I have handed your note to General Cooke. Keep your ground as well as you can. You will be supported with infantry and artillery. Byrnes is just in, and reports infantry in force at Old Church. W. H. E. Major WILLIAMS. Royall has fallen back. I bring forward a brigade of infantry. Do not advance unless to attack an inferior force. Gain information on all roads by scouts. Respectfully, yours, ~. ST. GEG. COOKE. Major WILLIAMS. No. 13. Report of Col. George A. if. Blake, Fir8t U. S. Cavalry, commanding Sec ond Brigade, Cavalry Reeerve. HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE, Camp in the Field, June 15, 1862. GENERAL: Agreeably to orders from headquarters cavalry division I have the honor to report that upon the 13th instant I received orders to meet the enemy, who had driven in our pickets a short time before. The brigade was immediately formed, and ordered to repair to the road in front of our camp, where it remained until late in the evening, when by order of the brigadier-general commanding cavalry division it re- turned to camp to procure provisions, with orders to march at 11 oclock p. m. to a point occupied by the Fifth and Sixth U. S. Cavalry Regi- ments. At the time specified the brigade commenced the march, and hav- ing proceeded about 1 mile two squadrons were detached and ordered to report to Brigadier-General Sykes. After marching about 5 miles we reached the point designated and occupied by the Fifth and Sixth Cavalry Regiments, together with artillery and infantry, under com- mand of Brigadier-General Cooke. Here we remained until 3.30 oclock a. in., when we took up the line of march via Old Church and left- hand or lower or river road. When in the vicinity of Old Church the cavalry and artillery took the lower road. The command was united at the junction (Turners store), and from thence proceeded to Tunstalls Station, which point we reached about 9.30 oclock a. m. At 3 oclock p. m. the line of march was again resumed, and having proceeded but a short distance the command was recalled, and we bivouacked for the night at the station. Upon the following morning (15th instant)

