
at 7.30 oclock we returned to camp, which point we reached at 12 oclock m. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant, GEO. A. H. BLAKE, Colonel First U. S. Cavalry, Commanding Brigade. Lient. JAJWES P. MARTIN, A. A. A. G., Headquarters Cay. Division. No. 14. Report of Lieut. Col. William N. Grier, Fir8t U. S. Cavalry, of oper& tions June 1415. HEADQUARTERS FIRST U. S. CAVALRY, Camp near New Bridge, Va., June, 1862. SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of a march made by the First Regiment U. S. Cavalry, as a part of Colonel Blakes Sec- ond Brigade of reserve cavalry: The regiment, composed of four small squadrons, marched from this camp at 11 oclock p. m. on the 14th instant as a part of the Second Brigade, Cavalry Reserve, Colonel Blake in command. The regiment had not marched more than a mile or two when two squadrons of it were detached and sent to report to Brigadier-General Sykes, thus leaving the whole strength of the regiment under my immediate com- mand but two small squadrons. After marching about 7 miles reached the point where a portion of the Fifth Cavalry had been attacked by rebel troops some twelve hours previous to our arrival found at this point the Fifth and Sixth Regiments of U. S. Cavalry, some infantry and artillery, Brig. Gen. P. St. George Cooke, U. S. Army, in command. At 3.30 a. m. the march was resumed, the two squadrons of First Cavalry in front as an advance guard. Arrived at Tunstalls Station about 9.30 a. m. same day. Remained at or near this point until 7.30 a. m. on the 15th, when we returned by the way of Gaines Mill to this camp, arriving here about 12 m. The general direction traveled I suppose to be about northeast to Old Church; thence about southeast to Tunstalls Station, distance 18 to 20 miles. Whilst I marched in advance with the two squadrons of my regiment I made inquiries of all persons I met. The information gained from them was to the effect that about 1,000 rebel cavalry with two pieces of artillery had passed during the afternoon of the day before en route to Garlicks Landing, on the Pamunkey River, General J. E. B. Stuart, of the rebel forces, said to be in command. Very respectfully, WM. N. GRIER, Lieut. Col., First Cavalry, Commanding Regiment. Lient. N. W. KNEASS, A. A. A. G., Second Brigade, ~iJav. Reserve. No. 15. Report of Lieut. Joseph S. Iloyer, First U. S. Cavalry, of attack at Gay- licks Landing, on Me Pamunkey River. FIRST CAVALRY CAMP, Near New Bridge, Va., June 15, 1862. SIR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to orders received by me on the 13th instant from the colonel commanding, I proceeded to

