
Garlicks Landing with an escort of a non-commissioned officer and 8 men, in charge of a supply train, consisting of 14 wagons and 1 am- bulance. I arrived safely at the landing above mentioned about 2 oclock p. m. on the same day, and having obtained the required sup- plies I ordered the horses unsaddled, and in accordance with orders encamped for the night on the banks of the Pamunkey River, near the landing. About 0 oclock p. in., whilst the animals were feeding and the men at supper, a platoon of the enemys cavalry (deployed as skirmishers) unexpectedly attacked me. So sudden was their appearance that the men were unable to mount their horses. I therefore ordered them into line, which order was promptly executed, and upon being ordered to surrender we fired upon the enemy, when they retired, carrying with them 2 wounded. A squadron of their cavalry, however, subsequently charged upon us, when we were compelled to seek the underbrush for protection. In connection with this I would state that a supply train from the Seventeenth and Forty-fourth New York Volunteer Regiments, although attended by an escort of 15 or more men, through some neglect were without arms. Had they been armed I might have repelled their attack with greater effect. The enemy meanwhile set fire to and de- stroyed the train and, supplies, having previously turned loose and driven off the animals. Of 15 teamsters and 8 men I report a return to duty thus far of 10. To my knowledge 3 surrendered to the enemy, while the remainder (11) are yet missing. I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant, JOS. S. HOYER, Second Lieutenant, First U. S. Cavalry. Lieut. Col. WILLIAM N. GRIER, Commanding First Regiment U. S. Cavalry. No. 16. Report of Brig. Gen. John F. Reynolds, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, McCalls division, F~fth Corps, of operations June 1314. IIDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, MCCALLS DIVIsIoN, Camp at Dispatch Station, June 15, 1862. I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from division headquarters, I proceeded with my brigade on the night of the 13th instant up the railroad to Tunstalls Station, which place I reached just about midnight. I approached as quietly as possible, sending one regiment out to the right to occupy the hill, which commands the whole place, another through the woods to the left, the remainder moving down after the advance. On reaching the depot 1 found a car loaded with corn on the side track on fire and partially consumed; the tele- graph poles on the cross-road thrown down and the wire severed; the bridge beyond the depot on fire. Both fires were at once extinguished, the platform of the car and part of the corn alone being destroyed. One dead body on the track near the depot run over by the train. Upon examination by Surgeon King, no shot-wound was found. Another body was afterward found in the woods with a gun-shot wouiid in the head. Both seemed to have beemi laborers (not soldiers), but could

