
find nothing upon their persons to identify them. No indications of the enemys presence could be obtained at the time of our arrival, thongli it appears from accounts of persons whom they had taken pris-~ oners that between 11 and 12 oclock the small party who had them in charge in the woods to the right of the railroad left in such haste and alarm as to leave them behind. This was evidently a party left there to give information as to what time the main body would pass if pur- suit was made. About 2 oclock General Emory arrived with Rushs Lancers, and at daylight Captain Rei~o, with a squadron of the First Cavalry, reached Tunstalls. Of the steps taken afterward to ascertain the force of the enemy and the direction taken by him the inclosed report of General Emory will inform you.* Though I did not assume any command over General Emory or General Cooke, who subsequently reached Tunstalls during the morning, I coincided with the measures taken by General Emory, and gave him such assistance ~.s was in my power, by furnish- mg infantry SUpI)ortS, & c. I inclose also the statement of a prisoner taken by my command, whom I sent to Colonel Ingalls, with the same statement. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant, JOHN F. REYNOLDS, Brigadier- General Volunteers, Commanding. Brigadier General MARCY, Chief of AS~taff, Headquarters Army of the Potomac. P. S.Two soldiers belonging to the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who had been roaming over the country south of the railroad, were alarmed by the news of the rebel cavalry being in the vicinity, and came with my pickets. I sent them in to White House with the rebel prisoner, asking Colonel Ingalls to direct my guard where to deliver them over to their regiment as deserters. No. 17. Report of Gol. Gouverneur K. Warren, Fifth New York Infantry, com manding Third Brigade, Sykes division, Fifth Corps. HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, SYKES DIVISION, June 16, 1862. SIR: I have the honor to report that at a moments notice the brigade was ordered under arms at 5 oclock p. m. on the 13th instant to repel any advance of the enemy on our flanks. The notice was so brief and the danger said to be so imminent that proper two-days provisions could not be had. After passing through the woods to the clearing in sight of Brigadier-General Cookes camp I received orders to report to him with my command, which I dida distance of about 4 miles from here. Captain Weed, with his battery, also joined me at this point, having been directed to report to me. General Cooke then ordered me to advance toward Old Church. On reaching the road going to Thin- over Court- House I found Major Williams, with cavalry. The reports were quite conclusive that about 600 cavalry and two pieces of artillery had passed down toward the White House, dispersing Captain Royalls See No. 5.

