
force as they passed along. There was also a statement that Lieutenant Byrnes (I believe that is the name) had seen about seven regiments of infantry at the place where the pickets were first attacked (the place called Hawes Shop), 5~ miles from Old Church, and as these had not been seen it was inferred they passed (fording the Totopotomoy) down the road along the Pamnukey River. Knowing the country well, and convinced that it would not have allowed seven infantry regiments to display themselves at Hawes Shop, together with the little time for observation left to Lieutenant Byrnes, I never for a moment believed we had any evidence of an infantry force. I immediately sent Colonel Tylers regiment down to Old Church and awaited the arrival of General Cooke with the rest. When he came and had properly examined into the nature of the information and I had drawn him a map of the country I advised him to let me move with my whole command down to Old Church, and if the infor- mnation which I could get justified it about 2 miles farther on to the site of the New Castle Ferry, so as to prevent the return of the enemys forces. This was the only point where I could command all the roads leading back. By the time these arrangements were made it was 12 oclock at night, the moon shining brightly, making any kind of movements for ourselves or the enemy as easy as in daylight. As soon as 1 set out, however, General Cooke detached the Fifth New York Volunteers to remain with him and sent one company a mile farther from me up the road toward Hanover. When I reached Old Church I was told by negroes that the enemy was holding the vicinity of New Castle Ferry, which I thought very probable, to cover his crossing the Pamunkey River. This I informed General Cooke of but almost as soon men came straggling up the road from Garlicks Landing and reported the opera- tions there, and that the enemy had gone on to the White House about sunset. I mounted one of these men and sent him to General Cooke at once. It was now about 1.30 oclock, and my men, except those on guard, lay down with their arms and got a little sleep, which was denied to most of the officers. My command was aroused at 3 a. in., but we did not get away from 01(1 Church till 4 oclock a. m. We soon reached the forks of the road at New Castle Ferry, and here I strongly urged 111)011 General Cooke to leave the infantry with a l)ortion of the artillery, where we could certainly stop the enemy from going back. We were too much exhausted to have any hope of keeping up with an efficient cavalry pursuit, even if it were a possibility ever to do it, and it was now certain that no infantry had l)assed down. He told me to keep on till further orders, and we did so, he remaining with our column, which was close to the cavalry. The men bore up pretty well as far as the crossing of the Mattadequin, but the roads were heavy, the men tired, and the sun intensely hot. It was impossible for all to keep up. They fell down exhausted and faint and some were sun-struck. We reacheit the vicinity of Tunstalls Station, via Garlicks Landing, about 12 oclock a. m. and halted in the shade. There we learned the enemy had left that place about twelve or fourteen hours before, and soon after that they had crossed the Chickahominy. I received orders to return next morning to this place, but taking advantage of the moonlight and the cool of the night I set out at mid- night and reached here at 7 a. m. The sick and worn-out I sent up by railroad. There are a number of the men yet behind, not having been able to get in.

