
The march made by this brigade (one of the regiments of which had but recentlyjoined) under the circumstances was very severe. The men started suddenly and unprepared for it; the weather was intensely hot, and yet they marched 41k miles between 5 oclock p. m. on the 13th instant and 7 oclock a. m. on the 15th instant, being 41k miles in thirty- eight hours- ~3k miles. , one company of the Fifth New York Volunteers traveling I deem it my duty to say that I do not believe from the way in which General Cooke conducted the operations that the enemy would have been prevented from returning to Hanover Court-House by taking the road along the Painunkey River. It was impossible for the infantry to overtake him, and as the cavalry did not move wirhout us it was impossible for them to overtake him. Captain Royall seemed to be very much liked by people in the country, many of whom inquired kindly after him, and Mrs. Braxten sent a note to the commanding officer of the Confederate forces w came to me and which I inclose. , hich Very respectfully, your obedient servant, G. K. WARREN, Lieut. SAMUEL A. FOSTER, Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade. Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., iS~ykes Division. No. 18. Report of Lieut. Cot. Rufus Ingalls, Aide-de-Camp, of arrangements for the protection of the dE~pot at White House during the raid. WHITE HOUSE, VA., June 19, 1862. GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 17th instant, requesting me to furnish you with a detailed account of my arrangements for the protectioii of this depot on the 13th instant and the loss sustained in men and public property by the depredations of the rebels on that day within the limits of my command. I had already forwarded to General Williams the report of the services of the five companies of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cav- alry, under the command of Colonel Harlan, with my indorsements thereon. I now submit a copy herewith. As a protective measure simply, without having supposed the enemy would make a movement so unaccountable, one company of Har- lans regiment was sent to Garlicks Landing on the evening of the 12th, where it remained until daylight of the 13th, when it scouted up the right bank of the Pamunkey as high as Hanover ]~erry, where Captain Royall, of the Fifth Cavalry, was met, who reported all quiet in front. This company returned by the road to near Garlicks, and it was there, while waiting the return of a guard sent to arrest the rebel miller, that it was overtaken by a sergeant and 4 men of the Fifth Cavalry, who had escaped during the attack on Royall, and who reported a rebel force rushing down in that direction. This com- pany shortly afterward was overtaken by a superior force and com- pelled to give way slowly before it and to finally fall back to this point, exhibiting all the time as far as I can learn courage and good judg- ment. It reached here before sunset; so did the fugitives from the Fifth Cavalry, and all concurred in representing a large rebel force in

