
the depot with the force provided, and because I know the general com- manding wishes every good soldier with him in front of Richmond. I am, respectfully, your most obedient servant, RUFUS INGALLS, Lieutenant- Colonel, Aide-de- Camp, Commanding White House. Brig. Gen. STEWART ~AN VLIET, Senior Quartermaster, Army Potomac, Hdqrs. near Richmond, Va. No. 19. Report of fZ7ol. Josiah Harlan, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, of opera tions June 617. HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, iVhite House Landing, June 18, 1862. GENERAL: On the 10th June I had the honor to receive your instruc- tions to scout the district of country lying between Hanover Ferry, north of this post, and the Chickahominy, south, and all the interven- ing country toward the advance, so far as necessary, and to protect the telegraph wires and railroad as far as Dispatch Station; to preserve or(ler generally; to apprehend and, through Lieutenant-Colonel Ingalls, return to the headquarters of their corps all vagrants, skulkers, desert- ers, and other persons found in transit without authority. Although to perform the above duty effectually would require three times the force at my disposal, I have carried out your orders with satisfaction to Lieutenant-Colonel Ingalls, aide-de-camp, in command of the post, more by the effect of prestige than adequate force. Permanent patrols were established under a provost-marshal on the 6th of June upon a beat extending 1 mile above and I mile below the White House Landing and across to the forest in our front over a plain 1 mile to 1~ miles wide. These patrols are on duty day and night and are relieved every two hours. There has been established a picket station near Tunstalls, on the railroad, distant from my camp north- west 2~ or 3 miles, a central picket west by south, distant 1~ or 2 miles, and on the left another l)icket southwest, distant I~- miles, toward Cum- berland. To Cumberland a company of 45 to 50 men was sent last night at 9.30 oclock, with orders to station vedettes as far south as New Kent Court-House and to patrol on the i-ight flank toward Baltimore Cross-Roads. It is believed that Colonels Lee and Stuart left Rich- mnond about Thursday and proceeded north by west to Ashland. On Friday, the 13th, they approached toward White House via Old Church, (lriving in Royalls picket. Then about of the First Regular Cavalry showed themselves in the rear of my scouts under Cornog, of Company B, of this regiment, out by your order of the 10th, near Han- over Ferry. Several rebels swam their horses over the Pamunkey from King William County above the ferry and joined the Richmond force~ giving rise to an erroneous report that the force then moving south came from across the river. This force crossed the railroad near Tun- stalls, having thrown down two telegraph poles, broken the wire, and fired into the passing train after my patrols had passed in toward camp. That night I bivouacked with three companies a mile below Tun- stalls Station. A large pile of hay and a schooner at Garlicks Land- ing, together with two trains of thirty (formerly reported twenty} wagons, chiefly loaded with long and short forage, were consuming by fire at the same time. A sutler of low degree was shot dead on the

