
Bridge, sometimes called Jones Bridge, on the Chickahominy, our object being to scour the country between here and that point, observe fords, and arreat any active or influential persons. I went direct to Saint Peters Church, a distance of about 2 miles. On account of the ex- ceedingly bad condition of the roads we did not arrive there until S o clock a. in. We then took the right-hand road, leading to what is called the Baltimore Store. We then turned to the left, and proceeded in an easterly direction about half a mile, leaving a division hospital on our left; took the right-hand road, which runs a little west of south and direct to the Forge Mill, and from there to the Charles City Bridge, where we arrived at 12 oclock in. We scoured the country and woods all along the road, visited the houses and people, but with very little success until we arrived in the vicinity of the Chickahominy. Here we learned the iiaines and residences of J. P. Pierce Edward Oliver Christian (a surgeon), Pearson, and Elijah Ball, who t is said are in the habit of giving aid and comfort to the enemy. We also learned that small parties of rebel soldiers were in the habit of prowling around in that vicinity. We immediately visited Mr. J. P. Pierce, who is said to be a lawyer and a very influential man. By engaging him in con- versation we soon learned that his sympathies were wholly for the South. He openly declared that he would not willingly take the oath of allegiance, and if forced upon him he would not consider himself in duty bound to respect it, and upon those grounds we arrested him. We next arrested Edward Oliver Christian, whom we found just returning from Richmond or from that vicinity. We learned that he had been absent about two or three weeks, and it is generally supposed that he is connected with the rebel army, which, from his conversation, I have reason to believe. He stated that he came down the James River in a carriage without any molestation, and did not even see a picket guard or anything to in the least obstruct the free passage of friends or foes. We next arrested Mr. Elijah Ball, who declared he would stand the test before he would take any oath of allegiance to the United States. We then proceeded to Mr. Pearsons, who also declared his disgust at the idea of taking the oath. Pursuant to my orders I brought them into camp. It now being quite late in the day, we were obliged to turn our course toward camp, which we did, not, however, until we had scouted through the country and along the banks of the Chickahominy. We found the bridges totally destroyed both at the Forge Mill and Charles City Bridge. We discovered a small fQot-bridge just below where the main bridge had been destroyed, and also a skiff which was used for crossing over the stream. We scouted down the Chickahominy about 3 miles, but discovered nothing of interest except what has already been reported. After leaving Saint Peters Church we found the road in excellent condition and but little traveled. It is mostly through woods, the country being rather wild and thinly settled. It is well watered and beautifully shaded. I returned to camp about 8 oclock p. m. and reported my prisoners. The weather was very warm and sultry. I have the honor to report as above. Very respectfully, your obedient servant, B. B. MITCHELL, Captain Company F, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry. Col. Josun HARLAN, Commanding Ele~enth Pennsylvania Volunteer fJavalry.

