
[Inclosure E.] HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, June 17, 1862. General R. E. LEE, Commanding Department of Yorthern Virginia: GENERAL: I have the honor to append to my report of the Pamunkey expedition the following recommendations, which were suggested more particularly by the distinguished service rendered there: 1. Col. Fitzhugh Lee, First Virginia Cavalry, for promotion as briga- dier-general of cavalry. In my estimation no one in the Confederacy possesses more of the elements of what a brigadier of cavalry ought to be than he. 9 Col. W. II. F. Lee, rivaling his cousin in the daring exploits of this expedition, established a like claim to promotion to the same grade. 3. Lient. Col. W. T. Martin to have Shannons and two other com- panies added to the Legion, so as to be colonel; a grade which he ha8 fairly won. 4. Assist. Snrg. J. B. Fontaine to be surgeon of his regiment (Fourth Virginia Cavalry), now without one. iDr. Fontaine is a man of signal military merit and an adept in his profession. o. lvi. Lieros von Borcke, a Prussian cavalry officer, has shown himself a thorough soldier and a splendid officer. I hope the Department will confer as high a commission as possible on this deserving man, who has cast his lot with us in the trying hour. 6. First Lieut. Redmond Burke to be captain, for the important serv- ice rendered by him on this occasion. 7. Capts. W. D. Parley and J. S. Mosby, without commission have established a claim for position which a grateful country will not, I trust, disregard. Their distinguished services run far back toward the beginning of the war, and present a shining record of daring and use- fulness. 8. First Lieut. W. T. Robins, adjutant Ninth Virginia Cavalry, would be a valuable addition to the Regular Army. I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant, J. E. B. STUART, Brigadier- General, Commanding Cavalry. [Inclosure F.] GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CXYALRY BRIGADE, No. 11. June 17, 1862. The general of cavalry, profoundly grateful to Divine Providence for the signal success attending the late expedition to the enemys rear, takes pleasure in announcing in orders his high appreciation of the bravery and cheerful endurance of the command. History will record in imperishable characters and a grateful country will remember with gratitude that portion of the First, Fourth, and Ninth Virginia Cavalry, the Jeff. Davis Legion, and the section of the Stuart Horse Artillery engaged in the expedition. What was accomplished is known to you, to the public, and to the enemy, but the passage of the Chick- ahominy under existing difficulties furnishes a separate chapter of praise for thc whole command. The general will certainly despair of no enterprise when he can hold such guarantees of success as Cols. Fitzhugh Lee, W. H. F. Lee, and Martin, and their brave and devoted commands. 66 R RVOL XI

