
The loss of the gallant and heroic Captain Latane, leading his squad- ron in a brilliant and successful charge, was a severe blow to us, but the enemy routed and fleeing before him will bear witness to a heart intrepid and a spirit invincible, whose influence will not be lost after death, while his regiment will want no better battle-cry for victory than Avenge Latane! Proud of his command, the general trusts that it will never lose sight of what is at stake in this strugglethe reputation now its prov- ince to maintain. By command of Brigadier-General J. E. B. Stuart: J. T. W. HAIRSTON, Assistant Adjutant-General. GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, No. 74. June 23, 1862. The general commanding announces with great satisfaction to the Army the brilliant exploit of Brig. Gen. J. E. B. Stuart with part of the troops under his command. This gallant officer, with portions of the First, Fourth, and Ninth Virginia Cavalry, a part of the Jeff. Davis Legion, with whom were the Boykin Rangers and a section of the Stuart Horse Artillery, on June 13, 14, and 15, made a reconnaissance between the Pamunkey and Chickahominy Rivers, and succeeded in passing around the rear of the whole Federal army, routing the enemy in a series of skirmishes, taking a number of prisoners, and destroy- ing and capturing stores to a large amount. Having most successfully accomplished its object, the expedition recrossed the Chickahominy almost in the presence of the enemy with the same coolness and address that marked every step of its progress, and with the loss of but one man, the lamented Captain Latane, of the Ninth Virginia Cavalry, who fell bravely leading a successftil charge against a superior force of the enemy. In announcing this signal success to the Army the general command- ing takes great pleasure in expressing his admiration of the courage and skill so conspicuously exhibited throughout by the general and the officers and men under his command. In addition to the officers honorably mentioned in the report of the expedition, the conduct of the following privates has received the special commendation of their respective commanders: Privates Thomas P. Clapp, Company D, First Virginia Cavalry, and J. S. Mosby, serving with the same regiment; Privates Ashton, Brent, R. Herring, F. S. Herring, and H. F. Coleman, Company E, Ninth Virginia Cavalry. By command of General Lee: B. H. CHILTON, Assistant Adjutant- General. No. 22. Report of Gol. Fitz. Lee, First Virginia Gavalr~. HEADQUARTERS FIRST VIRGINIA CAVALRY, June 17, 1862. SIR: I have the honor to report that the First Virginia Cavalry and four companies of Fourth Virginia Cavalry, under Captain Utterbach,

