
We killed ~ome 4 or 5 and captured a large number, among them Lieutenant McLean. It is reported to me by some of my officers and men that there were a great many more killed and wounded. Some were in the woods, and the wounded got off in the road. We passed by so rapidly that it is impossible to state accurately the loss of the enemy. From this time, as you know, there was no more hard fighting. We captured as we went along a large number of prisoners. The advance guard, as you know, had barely reached the York River Railroad, when a train was reported in sight. Lieutenant Robins, iii command of the advance tried to turn the switch, but found it locked. Tie had obstructions placed across the track, and I hurried a squadron forward, dismounted them, and as the train came down fired into it. A great many jumped off when the firing commenced. The conductor was killed or jumped oIL The obstructions proved insufficient and the train escaped. There were some killed here and a number captured. I detached a part of two squadrons, Captain Knight and Lieutenant Oliver commanding, and directed them to go to G-arlicks Landing and burmi the vessels lying there, which they did very successfully, burning two transports laden with sutlers and quartermasters stores. One escaped. Here they met with a slight resistance from a party of about 100 men, but a few shots soon brought the matter to an end, an~ they capturcd almost all of them. The rest you know. It is impossible in such a hurried march to state accurately everything that occurred. I should like to call to your attention [to] the conduct of my adjutant, Lieut. W. T. Robins, who conducted in a very handsome manner the advance of my regiment when it was in front and the rear when in rear. He was also in both of the charges. The officers and men all behaved with the greatest bravery and cool- ness. Private Ashton, of Company E, and those wounded, I think, de- serve special mention. Two squadrons of the Fourth Cavalry, under Captain Wooldridge, were attached to my command. They participated and gallantly dis- persed a body of cavalry that formed on Garlicks farm. The enemy did not allow them to get very near. Very respectfully, W. II. F. LEE, Colonel Ninth Virginia Cavalry. Brig. Gen. J. E. B. STUART, Commanding Cavalry Brigade. No. 24. Report of Cot. William T. Martin, Jeffi Davis Legion (Cavalry). JEFF. DAVIS LEGION, Camp Ballard, near Richmond, Va., June 17, 1862. CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the services of the Jeff. Davis Legion, under my command, in the reconnaissance made by the general commanding on the 13th, 14th, and 15th instant through and in rear of the enemys lines in front of Richmond: My command was composed of 250 picked men. In obedience to the order of the general, on the morning of the 13th, at sunrise, I assumed

