
command of the rear guard, composed of the Legion and a 12-pounder howitzer, and at a later period of the day a rifled piece was added. These guns were under the charge, respectively, of Lieutenants Breathed and McGregor. After the march began toward Hanover Court-House excepting an occasional halt to give scouting parties an opportunity to reconnoiter, our progress was so rapid and the attack upon the enemys pickets so vigorous and well pursued, that the rear of our column was not attacked. The impunity with which the movement was made was no doubt owing to the suddenness and boldness of the attack. During the day and late into the night my command was engaged in completing the destruction of the enemys property commenced by those in advance, in securing prisoners and captured mules and horses, and until sun- rise next morning in guarding against surprise and preventing strag- gling. The artillery horses, owing to the great heat and rapid march- ~ng, failed late in the afternoon, and the rifled piece, so much nee(led in front of the attack upon Tunstalls Station, could not be carried forward in time, though the officers and men in immediate charge of the gun exerted themselves to the utmost to reach that point before the enemy escaped. The condition of those horses, as well as the con- dition of the road at and near the station, greatly impeded my progress and subjected the rear guard to great danger of being cut oft; the enemy having had eight or ten hours notice from his pickets of our movement. In the afternoon 25 non-commissioned officers and privates of the Fifth Regular Cavalry, U. S. Army, came in under flag of truce, and surrendered, with horses and arms, to the rear guard, nuder the impres- sion that they were surrounded. The whole colummi had passed them nearly a mile. With great difficulty the guns were passed down the difficult road beyond the station. As all the fighting was done in front, the Legion had no opportunity to take part in the series of combats and skirmishers which occurred during the day. For twenty-four hours the march continued until the whole column halted on the banks of the Chickahominy at Jones Bridge, 25 miles from Richmond. The stream was not fordable, and after much labor and delay, that was unavoidable, an impromptu bridge was constructed for artillery, the horses swimming the stream, an(l by 12 mu. the whole column was on this side of the river. The Legion was then intrusted with the custody of tIme prisoners, some 150 in number, and guarded them until midday of the 15th, wheim they were delivered to a guard detailed to carry them to Richmond. We returned to camp late in the afternoon of the 15th. I would take occasion to mention the energy displayed by Lieutenant Breathed in overcoming the difficulties encountered in moving his piece of artillery, and the promptness shown in preparing for action on sev- eral occusions when there was reason to believe that the enemy were about to attack. I have to report that my column remained during the whole march well closed up. There was no straggling from it and no l)lundering. Officers and men bore the fatigue with patience, and for twenty-four hourswere ready on the instant to repel attack. Under all the tempta- tions presented, with so many bad examples set, it affords me great satisfaction to say that my ranks were never broken. In the report above I include the Boykin Rangers, Lieutenant Chest- nut commanding, temporarily attached to the Legion. That company

