
At about 9 oclock the force was withdrawn from the front, with the exception of the First North Carolina and Forty-eighth Georgia Regi- ments, which held the advanced line of pickets. We captured altogether 1 captain and 10 privates, 4 of the latter being wounded. Colonel Smith recovered 20 stand of arms from the battle-field. Our loss consisted of Third Lieutenant Ware and Private S. S. Han- kin captured and Private Darden Johnson killed, of the cavalry, and 2 privates killed and 4 wounded of the Forty-fourth Georgia Regiment. Some 0 of the First North Carolina Volunteers were missing last night, having been lost in the swamp. All but 3, however, have returned, and it is hoped that all will be present before night-fall. I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant, B. S. RIPLEY, Brigadier- General. Capt. G. M. LOVEL, Assistant Adjutant- General, Headquarters Bight Wing. JUNE 15, 1862.Parley between Brig. Gen. Howell Cobb, C. S. Army, and Col. Thomas M. Key, U. S. Army. REPORTS, ETC. No. 1.Col. Thomas M. Key, U. S. Army, with reply of the Secretary of War. No. 2.Col. James H. Simpson, Fourth New Jersey Infantry. No. 1. Report of Col. Thomas M. Key, U. S. Army, with reply of the Secretary of War. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp Lincoln, Jnne 17, 1862. SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a letter from Colonel Key, one of my aides-de-cainp, giving the substance of a conversation with General Howell Cobb. The subject is interesting, and 1 would be glad to have it laid before the President. The letter should be regarded as confidential. I would be glad to learmi the wishes of the Government in regard to a general exchange. I am inclined to think that a satishictory cartel can be made. You will observe General Cobbs views on the subject. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant, GEG. B. MCCLELLAN Major- General, Commanding. Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War. [Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp Lincoln, beforeRichmond, Va., June 16, 1862. Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War: SIR: I am instructed by Major-General McClellan to report to you the substance of an interview held on yesterday by me with the Hon.

