
and among them two coibmissioned officers. My instructions to Gen- eral Grover were not to allow his men to expose themselves to the fire from the rifle pits on the opposite edge of the woods, but in their im- petuosity many did. The Sixteenth have disarmed my resentment by their gallant conduct. Very respectfully, your obedient servant, JOSEPH HOOKER, Brigadier- General, Commanding Division. Capt. CHATJNCEY MOKEEVER, A. A. G., Third Army Corps. No. 2. Reports of Brig. Gen. Cuvier Grover, U. S. Army. HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, HOOKERS DIVISION Camp, Fair Oaks, Va., June 18, 18~2. SIR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to instructions from Brigadier-General Hooker, commanding division, I have just caused a reconnaissance to be made of that part of the wooded and swampy country lying to the front of our right and between the Williamsburg road and the railroad. I will forward a full and complete report of the results as soon as I have received the report of Colonel Wyman, Six- teenth Massachusetts Volunteers, who made the rehconnaissance, my only object in making this preliminary report being to state some fa.cts which I have learned from conversation with Colonel Wyman and other officers of his corn mnand, thinking that the general may desire to be informed of these facts as early as practicable. What is known as the swamp between the limits above noted at present presents no obstacle in itself, except in a few small places. The underbrush is, however, very dense, and to all practicable purposes impenetrable, except to skirmishers. Colonel Wyman drove in the enemys pickets, and advanced to within sight of the opening adjacent to the Williamsburg road, where the enemy was found in some force and in rifle pits. The firing was brisk all along the line. Our loss will not be far from 10 killed and 30 wounded. The loss of the enemy is supposed to be proportionably heavy, but of course is not known. I had intended to have caused this reconnaissance to be made yesterday with a small party, but the enemys sharpshooters and pickets occupied the woods in such force that I deemed it impracticable to accomplish a satisfactory result with a small party and imprudent to take from my advance guard a sufficient force to cover the ground. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant, C. GROVER, Brigadier- General, Commanding Brigade. To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, Jllieadquarters Army of the Potomae. [Indor8ement.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, Savage Station, June 18, 1862. This reconnaissance was judiciously delayed and had a satisfactory result. Respectfully forwarded, ~ P. HEINTZELMAN, Brigadier- General.

