
JUNE 18, 1862.Skirmish on the Nine-mile Road, near Richmond, Va. REPORTS. No. 1Brig. Gen. J. B. Kershaw, C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade, Second Division, Army of Northern Virginia. No. ~.Co1. J. D. KenneAy, Second South Carolina Infantry. No. 3. Col. James D. Nance, Third South Carolina Infantry. No. 1. Report of Brig. Gen. J. B. Kershaw, C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade, Second Division, Army of Northern Virginia. HDQRS. 4TH BRIG., 2n Div., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Richmond, Va., June 19, 1862. CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from Major-General McLaws, com- manding division, at 5 p. m. yesterday I ordered forward my command, with instructions to feel the enemy in our front. The Seventh Regiment was on duty in support of the pickets, and I was directed to support the brigade of General Semmes, upon his right, by one regiment. I assigned this duty to Colonel ilenagans (Eighth) regiment, and with the other twothe Second (Colonel J. D. Kennedy), numbering 441, and the Third (Col. J. D. i{ance), 302 menI proceeded to the Nine-mile road, in front and to the right of General Cobbs bri- gade, the former on the left and the latter on the right of the road. Arriving at the wood in front I halted the command and sent out four companies of the Second RegimentCompany F, Lieutenant McDow-. all commanding; Company B, Lieutenant Powell commanding; Cont- pany I, Captain Cuthbert [commanding], and Company K, Lieutenant Edwards commandingto the left of the road, and two companies from the Third RegimentCompany A, Captain Hance, an(I Company E, Lieutenant Hentz commandingto the right and along the road. Within a few minutes the skirmishers became engaged on both sides. They drove in the pickets of the enemy and advanced to within 70 yards of the main body and engaged them until recalled. The skirmishers upon the left encountered the fire of two pieces of artillery. Those on the right four or more, placed, as reported, in front of the road. My own observations as to the number of pieces corre- spond with this estimate. All the pieces to time right of the road seemed to have an extensive range to their right, about the intersection of the road with the wheat field; no shot or shell were observed to take effect ~ the wheat field, though the heaviest fire of the skirmishers was in front of that line. The fire on the left was particularly severe, as indicated by the loss of the Third Regiment. As soon as night came on I withdrew the skirmishers and brought in the whole command. Captain Cuthbert, Company I (Palmetto Guards), Second South Car- olina Regiment, commanding skirmishers to the left of the road, was severely wounded in the arm an , omnpany I), Third Regiment, in two places. d Captaimi Walker C Our total loss was 11 wounded; I mortally, since dead. The impression created on my mind from the experiment is, that the enemy are in as great force as heretofore in the position tried, and that the main force of their infantry is to the left and of artillery to the right of the Nine-mile road. .1 have no regret to express on the occasion but the loss of Private

