
Thompson, Company E, Third Regiment, and the gallant Sergeant Hanahan, Company J, Second Regiment, whose leg was shattered in the advance, and who was lcft abandoned to the enemy in the return of the skirmishers, under the impression that he wonid afterward be removed. When his condition was reported to me I took measures to bring him off, but it was too late. The others who fell in the gallant discharge of their duty are to be envied the glory they have won. Our skirmishers captured and brought off several fine rifles and other trophies found in camp of the reserve of the enemys pickets. I herewith append a list of the casualties of my command, and beg leave especially to recommend to your notice the promptness, courage, and efficiency of the regiments engaged and their youthful command- ers, Colonels Kennedy and Nance. I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant, J. B. KERSHAW, Brigadier- General, commanding. Captain MCINTOSH, Assistant Adjutant-General. [Inolosuro.] Ga8ualtie8 in Second and Third South Carolina Regirnent8 in 3kirlui8h of June 18, 1862. Report of Col. J. D. Kennedy, Second South Carolina Infantry. IIDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT SOUTH CAROLINA VOLS., Camp 3fcLaws, June 19, 1862. In accordance with your circular of the 18th, in relation to the skir- mish of the same day, I make the following report: Number of men in line of battle, 441. From this number 138 skir- iiii~hers deployed. Wounded 3Capt. G. B. Cuthbert, Company I, in the arm, severe flesh wound; Sergeant Hanahan in the leg, limb broken; Private Clyde, Company B, struck in the abdomen; not in- jured. Sergeant Hanahan was left. in the hands of the enemy. The officer in charge of the skirmishers believed that he was obeying orders in not immediately sending him off the field. He marked the spot and intended to have him carried off. lie was himself wounded, and the line of skirmishers, upon rallying on the battalion, did not bear the ser- geant off. A detail of two companies was made to scour the woods and look for the wounded. On representation, however, of the officers of his company that it was useless, the enemy, they reported, having taken him by that time, the idea was abandoned. The officers of the left advancing companies report~ed] what they supposed to be a masked breastwork in die woods facing toward the 2d South Carolina 3d South Carolina No. 2.

