
road on which my regiment was formed, running from the Nine-mile road. The density of the woods prevented them from seeing farther. They drove the enemys line of pickets and picket reserve in and ad- vanced to within 200 yards of what appear[ed] to some of the officers to be a line of fortifications. They heard officers giving orders very distinctly and cursing their men. There seemed to be a great deal of confusion among the enemy. My line of skirmishers obliqued to the left considerably and found the largest body of the enemy in that (lirection. A difference of opinion exists as to whether the artillery firing on our reserve was in a redoubt or the road. Two or three Enfleld rifles were captured, several oil-cloths, marked 09 Pennsylvania, 72 Pennsylvania, Baxters Fire Zouaves, Burns or Barns brigade, and Bakers California regiment, and other trophies. The conduct of the enemy is reported by officers in charge of the skirmishers as most cowardly. The coolness and bearing of my regiment was highly satisfactory to me. Of the conduct of the skirmishers their commanders give high praise. Captain Cuthbert was conspicuous for his gallantry, conduct- ing my line of skirmishers with judgment and high courage, even con- tinuing to march after a severe flesh wound in the arm. The other officers deserve praise. My field officers gave me every assistance and were very efficient. The skirmishers rallied on the battalion, and in obedience to your orders I marched the regiment back to camp. The rolls were called and the men properly accounted for. All of which is respectfully submitted. J. D. KENNEDY, Colonel, Comdg. Second Regiment South Carolina Vols. Capt. C. 11. HOLMES, A. A. G., Fourth Brigade, Second Division. No. 3. Report of Cot. James D. ~a~~e,~Third South Carolina Infantry. HEADQUARTERS THIRD SOUTH CAROLINA REGIMENT, Camp Jackson, June 19, 1862. SIR: I have the honor to report that I received orders yesterday afternoon about 5.30 p. m. from Brigadier-General Kershaw to put my regiment in motion and move to the road running by the headquarters of Brigadier-General Semmes. This I did as promptly as possible, and upon reaching the road came under the command of the brigadier-gen- eral in person. Under his command my regiment moved first by flank and then in line of battle until we came nearly to the line of our pickets to the right of the Nine-mile road. In obedience to orders the flank companies (Company A, Captain Hance, and Company E, Lieutenant Hentz) were thrown forward as skirmishers, under the command of Major Rutherford, who received his particular instructions from the general commanding. They had not advanced far into the pine woods, immediately in front of our line of battle and on the right of the Nine- mile road, before they were fired upon by the enemys pickets, who at once retired. Their fire was returned, and immediately two batteries were opened upon our line of skirmishers. One of these batteries,

