
Speedily repulsed on the left, the enemy passed along our entire front, showing himself at several points, exchanging shots and retiring. Capt. Charles A. Bells company (B), occupying the left of my line, on the Charles City road, seeing the overpowering force assailing, fell back a short distance on the line to prevent his communication being cut off. A few minutes later, being snpported by Captain Dick and Lieutenant Andrew, Captain Bell regained his position on the Charles City road. Immediately on first report of fire-arms I directed Capt. George F. Dick, Company D, and Lient. John Andrew, with 50 sharp- shooters, who fortunately were at the time under arms, to iproceed to the left of the line to assist in repelling any attack made. Captain Dick deploying in rear and Lieutenant Andrew in front quickly drove the enemy from the dense underbrush in which he was concealed. The last shot fired by the retreating rebels on our left in- flicted a perhaps fatal wound on Private Grant, Company F, detailed as sharpshooter. Repulsed on the left, the enemy made his appearance in front. Lient. W. J. Carr, Company I, at an advanced post in front of right wing, found himself with his small squad in presence of a com- zany of rebel cavalry. Exchanging shots, Lieutenant Carr received a l)all through his hand, whilst his sword received three shots, unmis- takably saving his life Private Smith, of same company, receiving a flesh wound in the arm. Soon after the attack on Lieutenant Carr the rebel infantry assailed our center but on receiving a volley from the advanced skirmishers of Companies A, Captain Reyburn and F Lieutenant Logan, precipitately fled, giving us no further trouble. At no time did his forces reach our line but at our immediate left, oii the Charles City road. Skirmishers advanced, never permitting his approach within a quarter of a mile of our line of pickets. His intentevidently the surprise and capture of our leftwas signally defeated by the gallantry of Captains Bell, Dick, and Lieutenant Andrew, whilst at the other points on our front assailed the indomitable bravery of the few skirmishers met quickly compelled his retreat. Several rebels are known to be wounded, some with good reason believed to be killed. But few shots were fired by the corn- mand compared with those of the rebel force. All officers and enlisted men of the regiment behaved with marked courage and bravery. The companies of Captain Dick and Lieutenant Andrew, leaving my re- serve camp at 3 a. in., passed over the ground half an hour later occu- pied by the enemy, returning to camp just as the attack commenced on the left. I have the honor to be, most respectfully, yours, WM. L. BROWN, Colonel Twentieth Indiana Regiment. W. E. STURGES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

