
JUNE 20, 1862.Artillery affair near New Bridge, Va. REPORTS~ No. 1.Capt. Adolph Voegelee, Battery B, First Battalion New York Light Artillery. No. 2.Capt. Stephen H. Weed, Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery. No. 1. Report ~f Capt. Adolph Voegelee, Battery B, First Battalion New York Light Artillery. CAMP NEAR NEW BRIDGE, VA., June 20, 1862. MAJOR: I am forced to-day to report several casualties. Soon after you left my battery one of the many of the enemys shells struck in the barn used for stabling the horses of the second section at the time killing three of the best draught horses at once while I was giving the order to harness up, in order to remove to some safer place. A short time afterward another shell killed one of my men named Stumpf, a driver, attached from Company Eighth New York Cavalry, in the vicinity of the hospital where Lieutenant Kleiser has been confined. The same shell passed through the hospital close by Lieutenant Kleisers apartment. Arrangement s for burial have been made. Inclosed you will find a statement of what effects the deceased had in his possession and what amount of clothing lie received while in my company of me. Inasmuch as I consider him a member of the above said cavalry, I think it proper that Orderly Sergeant Wheeler should make out the necessary papers required for that case. We have been compelled to remove our camp on the ground for- merly occnpied by Colonel Hunt, the enemys shells falling too thick in the immediate neighborhood. General Porter has ordered a fatigue party to throw up breastworks to protect mny battery, which will be concentrated and put in position behind the same before daylight to-morrow morning. The enemy opened from more than five differently-situated masked batteries a heavy fire on our battery as well as those stationed near New Bridge; ceased firing about dark. We are not as yet acquainted of what results besides those already stated. Please inquire at Colonel Hunts whether I could not have the lost horses replaced; I am in great want of them. It is my opinion that we will have to suffer considerable in the present position. particularly from that battery of heavy guns which you saw. I observed this evening through a good glass very plainly how the enemy was supplying this battery with a large amount of ammunition. I would be very sorry to send you in the future such disastrous r - ports as to-doy Th~ Gers and men regret a ~ ~ ~ - oss of this brave man; [they] axhihit., h ~ -, oc deal of self-possession and coursgc~ ~ ~.n me some word [as] regards our battalion in return. I am, sir, yc~irs, respectfully, _______ Maj. A. ARNDT, Commanding Fourth Brigade, Artillery Reserve.

