
Report of Capt. Stephen H. Weed, Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery. CAMP NEAR NEW BRIDGE, VA., June 21, 1862. SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding the division the service of a portion of my battery on the 20th instant. On the evening of the 19th two pieces, under command of Lieutenant Watson, were placed in position in the little work near New Bridge, on the right of the road. I visited the section about 9 a. m. on the 20th. Very soon after that hour the enemy opened fire upon it from a battery near Prices house. They fired about 40 rounds, mak- ing very good practice. I saw nothing then to fire at, and made no reply. While they were still firing a considerable number, apparently a working party, came out in front of their work. My pieces were loaded with case-shot. I pointed and aimed them myself, giving them an elevation of ~io, fuse 6 seconds, calculating the distance at from 1,700 to 1,800 yards. They were both directed upon the same point and fired together. The shots struck apparently just where they were aimed to strike, right in front of their work, and their effect was to cause those who had been exposed to get rapidly to cover. It is reported by a de- serter that the first fire killed 2 and severely wounded 4. But 8 rounds were fired by my pieces altogether. The enemy immediately reopened a very heavy fire from the battery in front and one on my right, the latter ~early enfilading my position. They made beautiful firing, but none of my men were injured. It was reported from one of the batteries in rear that we disabled one of the enemys pieces. At any rate one of their pieces was silenced. Lieutenant Watson and the men of his section deserve credit for the coolness they displayed under a very heavy fire. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant, STEPHEN H. WEED, Captain, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery I. Iaieut. S. FOSTER, A ctg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., Bidqrs. Sykes Division. JUNE 2223, 1862.Reconnaissances to the left of White Oak Swamp, Va. R~EPOI~TS. No. 1.Brig. Gen. Erasmus D. Keyes, U. S. Army. No. 2.Ilrig. Gen. Silas Casey, U. S. Army. 1. ____ Report of Brig. Gen. Erasmus D. Keyes, U. S. A~ny. hEADQUARTERS FOURTH CoRPS, June 23, 1862. GENERAL: Colonel Gregg has returned from his reconnaissance on the left flank. Dividing into two parties, one attempted to cross the swamp at the upper end, but were entirely unsuccessful. After pene.

