
trating a short distance they came upon impassable obstructions, and were forced to return. The officer iu charge reports the swamp as a perfect barrier to any attacking force. The other party, taking a south and easterly course, crossed the swamp, reached the Charles City road at a point about 16 miles below Richmond, a penetrated the country toward New Market to the middle road. They did not see the enemy in any force, but came upon their cavalry pickets, and lost 1 sergeant (taken prisoner) and 1 horse shot. There were no evidences of any movement on the part of the enemy. I have not received any later report from General Casey than the one already sent. I will communicate whatever of importance I hear. I have the honor to be, your obedient servant, E. D. KEYES, Brigadier- General Comm Brig. Gen. IR. B. MARCY, , anding Corps. Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac. No. 2. Reports of Brig. Gen. Silas Casey, U. S. Army. HEADQUARTERS GENERAL CASEYS DIVISION, June 22, 18629 a. m. CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that Captain Keenan, with a squadron of cavalry, was dispatched at an early hour this morning to reconnoiter the roads to the left of White Oak Swamp, and particularly the new Charles City road, in compliance with orders from your head- quarters. Captain Keenan has just returned, having been up the Charles City road a distance of about 8 miles, passing the points in- dicated to him as occupied by Kearnys pickets and falling in with the enemys pickets about 1 mile beyond. It was stated to him that a reconnoitering party, consisting of parts ~f two regiments, came a short distance down the Charles City road last evening about 8 oclock and returned soon after. One of his informants states that on their return the two detachments by some mistake fired into one another. Nothing was discovered that occasions me any apprehensions. I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant, SILAS CASEY, Brigadier- General Volunteers, Commanding Division. Capt. C. C. SUYDA1VI, Agsista,nt Adjutant- General Fourth Corps. [Indorsoment.] The within report is respectfully forwarded. It corresponds with the ~jwrt ~f Gz~ra! T~1mw ~hot the rebels fired on one another. A 4L.~ TITL~t..~ ~b~dz ~ dries I regard left ~ ~ ~ ILk.A ~ ~ wamp up the IIn~i~r With mrnw anci more ~Aicitude. I should like to have two or three good full regi- ments added to the command near C~sevM headouarters and -this side. E. D. KEYES, Brigadier- General, Commanding Fourth Corps. JUNE 22, 1862.

