
sponding with a young man in Richmond, who is an officer in the rebel service. They say that the letters are sent to New Kent Court-House by this boy himself and turned over to a young lady there, who has them sent across the Pamunkey River about 5 miles below this place, and by the third person taken to Richmond. I have been informed that the old man, Toler, has protection from Lieutenant-Colonel Ingalls, but from what I can learn he is a very bad man. I know him to be unfriendly to our Government from a conversation with him yesterday. I would state that I have sent out a patrol to guard the river for 5 miles below this place. I have dispatched Lieutenant Aughenbaugh with a small party in the direction of Charles City, to ascertain, if possible, what has or is detaining Lieutenant Nimmon. I will report the result as soon as he returns. I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant, R. B. WARD, Captain, Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry. Col. JOsIAH HARLAN, Commanding Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry. [Indor8ement8.] Respectfully referred to Lieutenant.Colonel Ingalls. I have directed Captain Ward to possess himself of a letter of the correspondence men- tioned herein and ascertain the nature of its contents, whether contra- band or not. What had better be done with Toler, who, Ward says, is the father of the young girl through whom this correspondence takes place, not- withstanding he has a protection from Lieutenant-Colonel Ingalls ~? JOSIAH HARLAN, Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry. WHITE HousE, June 24, 1862. Respectfully referred to General Seth Williams, Headquarters Army of the Potomac. Colonel Harlan has shown untiring zeal and excel- lent judgment in the performance of his duties here. The service would be benefited greatly and the colonel much gratified should his entire regiment be assembled under his immediate control. The forces here are now so posted as to completely guard the depot. RUFUS INGALLS, Lieutenant- Colonel, Aide-de- Camp, Commanding. 68 R BVOL XI

