
The sub report No. 2* gives a fair idea of the services of the brigade as connected with the marches of the army, and the sub report No. 1+ shows that a portion of the brigade under Colonel Murphy rendered valuable services in the preparations for the landing of General Franklin's division and in executing the same. On the Chickahominy and on the retreat to the James duties of the brigade were arduous, as have been described, and I found in its chief throughout the campaign an officer prompt and fertile in expedients, daring and assiduous in execution, and always exhibiting a wise foresight.

The following officers of the Volunteers Engineer Brigade have been mentioned to me by their commander as particularly deserving of notice:

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Pettes, Fiftieth New York, for constant and efficient attention to his duties.

Captain (now Major) Ira Spaulding, Fiftieth New York, for unremitting and successful work in the construction of military bridges.

Captain O. E. Hine, Fiftieth New York, for habitual good conduct and for maintaining Bottom's Bridge under difficult circumstances.

Captain Beers, Ford, and Brainerd, for untiring energy and fidelity.

Major (now Lieutenant Colonel) James A. Magruder, Fifteenth New York, for energy and perseverance.

Captain (now Major) E. C. Perry, for energy and perseverance.

Captain W. A. Ketchum, Fifteenth New York, for energy and hard work in the construction of roads and bridges.

Lieutenant (now Captain) H. V. Slosson, Fifteenth New York, for good conduct throughout the campaign.

Lieutenant T. M. Farrell. Fifteenth New York, for skill and perseverance.

Lieutenant F. R. Hassler, aide-de-camp, Fifteenth New York, for constant energy and intelligence in the performance of his duties.

Captain H. W. Bowers, assistant adjutant-general, for intelligence and perseverance in the discharge of this laborious duties.

Lieutenant C. S. Webster, Fifteenth New York, died of disease contracted on the Chickahominy.

Lieutenant H. C. Yates, Fiftieth New York, died from disease contracted in trenches at Yorktown.

The services of Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander are so frequently alluded to, besides being exhibited in his own reports (see sub-reports Nos.1 and 6),++ that it is hardly necessary to say that he sustained as a military engineer in the field the high professional character which he had previously acquired.

Captain C. S. Stewart rendered valuable services at Yorktown, and at the battle of Wiliamsburg he discovered the unoccupied works on the enemy's left, ascertained the existence of and reconnoitered the route by which they might be gained, and which Lieutenant Farquhar (who had accompanied him) led Hancock's brigade. To him, therefore, the decided successes on that part of the field are in a great measure due. Afterwards, with the advance guard under General Stoneman, he was so unsparing of himself in his reconnaissances and report of the character of the country, roads, &amp;c., as to induce the sickness which compelled him to leave the field.

If I should have to mention any single individual as distinguished above any other in the army for unceasing toil and unsparing devotion it would be Captain J. C. Duane. In the trenches at Yorktown, in the dangerous and laborious works in the swamp and floods of the Chicka-

---------------

* See Woodbury's report, No. 4

+ See No. 3, Alexander's report, dated January 28, 1863.

++ See No. 3, both reports.

---------------

