
numbers, indeed, approached to that attributed to it (200,000 men), there is little doubt that a march upon Washington would have speedily followed our withdrawal to the James. From such considerations, as well those flowing from the results of past operations, I counseled the immediate withdrawal from the James to reunite with the forces covering Washington.

Respectfully submitted.

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier General and late Chief Engineer Army of the Potomac.

General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 10, 1862.

SIR: The officers of engineers on duty with the Army of the Potomac during the month of May are as following:

Major D. P. Woodbury, brigadier-general of volunteers, commanding Engineer Brigade of volunteer engineer regiments (Fifteenth and Fiftieth New York).

Captain B. S. Alexander, lieutenant-colonel and aide-camp, attached to the army corps of Brigadier General W. B. Franklin.

Capts. C. S. Stewart and J. C. Duane, commanding Engineer Battalion of Regulars (Companies A, B, and C).

First Lieuts. C. B. Comstock and M. D. McAlester, attached to headquarters of General Heintzelman.

First Lieuts. C. B. Reese, C. E. Cross, and O. E. Babcock, commanding engineer companies under Captain Duane; Second Lieutenant F. U. Farquhar.

The only engineer officers present at the battle of Wiliamsburg were Captain Stewart and Lieutenant Farquhar, attached to the headquarters of General Sumner, and Lieutenant McAlester, with General Heintzelman.

Captain Stewart was the first to point out, I believe, the unoccupied works on the enemy's left and to ascertain the route leading to them; a service which had a decided influence on the battle.

Lieutenant McAlester rendered valuable services in reconnoitering and aiding in the disposition of the troops.

Lieutenant Farquhar accompanied General Hancock in his occupation of the enemy's works, and was active throughout the day.

On the advance of the army Captain Stewart and Lieutenant Farquhar were attached to the advance guard under General Stoneman.

The engineer officers have been generally employed in reconnaissances during the month. The Engineer Brigade has done much work on roads and bridges.

On reaching the Chickahominy the passage of our left at Bottom's Bridge was undisputed by the enemy, and a portion of the Engineer Brigade, under General Woodbury, constructed two trestle bridges in place of the destroyed bridge at that point.

On arrival of the right wing and headquarters of the army near New Bridge (May 22) it was found to be held by the enemy. The Chickahominy bottom varies from a half to one mile in width, about equally distributed on either side of the stream. The bed of the stream is usually bordered by a swamp, usually 300 or 400 yards in width. The bed is not much depressed below the marginal bottom lands, and a rise

