
the escort, and proceeded up the river to see Captain Rodgers, of the Galena, in command of the fleet. After stating to him the condition of affairs he sent a boat down the river to order up the supply vessels as far as Harrison's Landing; but finding him of opinion that the gun-boats could not keep the river open for supplies above Fort Powhattan, and that the true position of the army was at Dancing Point, the mouth of the Chickahominy, we decided to proceed thither. As, however, I could not concur in this opinion at that time, and as it was then dark, we decided to remain where we were until morning.

Monday, the 30th, we proceeded up the river to the bend above the mouth of Turkey Creek, to the point where the bluffs on the right bank command the river and also the opposite shore. Returning, we stopped at Carter's, where I ordered Major Pleasonton to send out parties on on all the roads, inform himself fully about them, and report direct to headquarters. I desired him to communicate, if possible, with the gun-boats supposed to be up the Chickahominy, as I intended to return with one of his parties. I also instructed him to draw rations for the sick and wounded, several hundred of whom were already there. Leaving Carter's about 12 m. in the Port Royal, Lieutenant Morris commanding, we proceeded to the mouth of the Chickahominy, but in going over the bar we got aground and remained there until next morning.

Tuesday, July 1, we proceeded up the Chickahominy about 25 miles to the Window Shades. Here we found three boats, and learned that this point was the head of navigation. Stopping there only a few minutes, I took a smaller vessel and returned to the Turkey Creek as soon as possible. Major Pleasonton's cavalry, although it had been within a few miles of the Chickahominy, did not reach its bank.

Wednesday, the 2nd, I found General McLellan shortly after daylight on board the Galena, to whom I reported in writing, having prepared mu report the evening before. As this report is a matter of record, it is unnecessary to allude to it further at his time. The general told me that he had determined to go to Harrison's Landing, and that I would be wanted there as soon as possible to look to our lines of defense. He left early in the morning. When he had gone I asked the captain of the Delaware to set me ashore at Carter's, some 3 miles below. This he thought it important to do, as he was the only gun-boat left behind, and he might want all his crew at any moment.

About 3 p. m. we landed at Carter's, but we found that Major Pleasonton had left with our horses early in the morning, so we were forced to go to Harrison's Landing by water. I found your tent just at dark, but did not succeed in seeing you until early next morning.

Tuesday, the 3rd, in company with Captain McAlester and Lieutenant Comstock, I rode over the ground in our front, and before night, assisted by the sketch which you gave me that morning, I was enabled to give the general-in-chief such information as he desired to enable him to give orders about posting the troops. The nature of Herring, or Bird's, Creek and the necessity of holding its left bank I had ascertained from the mast-head when I went down the James River a few days before.

Saturday, Sunday, and Monday, the 5th, 6th, and 7th, I was engaged without intermission in fixing the details of our line of defense, in laying out works, directing the proper slashings, making communications, &amp;c. To Captain McAlester I assigned the supervision of the work on the hill in front of our center; to Lieutenant Comstock the defense of the line of Kimage's Creek, on our left, to Lieutenant Farquhar the construction of the works and rifle pits on our right. These works

