
are now well advanced toward completion. In two days more, if the troops do their duty, they will be finished.

Late in the evening of the 7th, just as I had finished laying out the last line, to which I thought it necessary to give my special attention, the withdrawing of General Kearny's right, so as to form a proper connection with General Franklin, the general-in-chief sent for me to meet him on the steamer Metamora. He wished me to make a more minute examination of the opposite shore with a view of occupying it. This I did on Tuesday, the 8th, and reported to him that I considered the most dangerous point for our flotilla to be the wooded shore on the opposite bank, just above Mr. Cole's house, nearly opposite the mouth of Herring Creek.

Wednesday and Thursday, the 9th and 10th, overcome by the great heat and my previous exertions and anxiety about our situation, I was warned to seek rest.

Friday, the 11th, I rode over the whole line, but as it was raining, the troops were doing but little.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

B. S. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-camp.

Brigadier General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 4. Reports of Brigadier General Daniel P. Woodbury,

U. S. Army, commanding Engineer Brigade, of operations from May 18 to June 30.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Camp, New Bridge, Va., May 29, 1862.

GENERAL: Pursuant to your circular of May 21, requiring reports of the operations of the Engineer Brigade, I have the honor to render the following report of the operations of the Fifteenth and Fiftieth Regiments, composing Engineer Brigade, since its arrival at White House Point, May 18.

The Fifteenth Regiment was divided into three detachments, assigned to Captain Perry's detachment was assigned the duty of collecting the canal barges loaded with engineer property at White House, fitting out pontoon trains, &amp;c. A train of thirty-four pontoon-boats, with their accessories for the construction of a bridge, each boat containing the materials for one bay, was fitted out and securely anchored, ready for immediate use, and the extra pontoon-boats safely moored. Captain Perry, with his detachment, rejoined his regiment at Cold Harbor on the 25th instant. The second detachment, under Captain Ketchum, was assigned the duty of repairing roads and bridges on common roads. I condense from his daily reports as follows:

May 19.-Monday night built bridge where the main road from White House crosses Black Creek. Single span 26 feet; five 10-inch stringers; covering, 2 and 3 inch plank.

May 20.-Corduroyed 1,000 feet of road about 1 mile west of Black Creek. The same afternoon took up and rebuilt bridge over Mill Creek at the grist-mill. Two spans 18 and 20 feet; roadway, 12 feet; four pine stringers, 9 inches; covering, 2-inch oak plank.

