
Corps Topographical Engineers], for the valuable assistance he rendered in the reconnaissances and in the preparation of the maps.

It is not necessary that I should mention in detail the services performed by the gentleman just named. Their duties were executed with energy, industry, and intelligence, and upon suitable occasions I have brought their conduct to the notice of the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac, and I hope their valuable services may yet meet with the reward they deserve.

In this connection I beg leave to submit herewith a copy of a letter dated June 19, 1862, addressed by me to Brigadier General S. Williams, assistant adjutant-general Army of the Potomac, recommending Lieuts. H. L. Abbot and N. Bowen, Topographical Engineers, for promotion by brevet, the former for highly meritorious conduct, and the latter for distinguished conduct in a reconnaissance of the Chickahominy, made by him near New Bridge on May 24. In that letter I likewise requested that some reward might be conferred upon Mr. F. W. Dorr, assistant United States Coast Survey, for the valuable services he rendered in reconnaissances of the enemy's positions.

Besides the duties they performed under my immediate orders, Lieutenant-Colonel Palmer served under General Stoneman; Lieutenant Abbot, throughout the siege of Yorktown, under General Barnard; Lieutenant Bowen under Generals Keyes and W. F. Smith, and Lieutenant Wagner under General Heintzelman. In the reports of those generals I have no doubt an appropriate acknowledgment of the value of the services rendered by those officers will be found.

The duties of the officers associated with me were not performed without severe loss, and it became my painful duty to report the death of Lieutenant Colonel W. R. Palmer, Topographical Engineers, on June 18, of disease caused by exposure in the zealous discharge of duty, and of First Lieutenant Orlando G. Wagner, Topographical Engineers, on April 21, of a wound received while examining the enemy's works at Yorktown. In the death of Lieutenant-Colonel Palmer the corps lost a gallant and accomplished officer, devoted to its interests; in the death of Lieutenant Wagner a gallant and highly promising young officer, whose, brief term of duty with the Army of the Potomac gave earnest of a distinguished future.

I am sensible of the very imperfect manner in which I have complied with the request of Major-General McClellan, and regret extremely my inability at this time to present a paper more in accordance with his wishes, and exhibiting more clearly the nature and extent of the operations [and their results] of the topographical engineer department of the army commanded by him, their bearing upon the movement of that army, and their evidence of the great difficulties that army overcame.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major Top. Engrs. and Brigadier General Vols., Commanding Third Div.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff of Major-General McClellan, New York.

No. 6. Report of Colonel Charles P. Kingsbury,

U. S. Army, Chief of Ordnance Officer.

PITTSBURGH, PA., January 24, 1863.

SIR: Nearly all the papers connected with my duties while serving with the Army of the Potomac were left, when I was detached there

