
Ingalls in charge of that at Cheeseman's Creek, assisted by Captain Rankin, acting assistant-quartermaster, Captain Pinner, brigade quartermaster, and Captain Wagner, brigade quartermaster. The latter is in charge of the clothing and camp and garrison equipage. The bulk of the clothing, &amp;c., is kept at Old Point, as I do not desire to accumulate any great amount of stores here, as it would embarrass our movements when we advance. Ship Point at the mouth of Poquosin River, and is used exclusively as the depot for subsistence stores. Cheeseman's Creek depot is about one mile to the west of Ship Point, at the junction of Cheeseman's and Goose Creeks, and is used for forage, quartermaster's stores, and camp and garrison equipage. This depot is about four miles from headquarters, and the supplies from it have to be transported a distance of 3 1/2 to 7 miles. There is a small depot on Back Creek, from which General F. J. Porter's division is supplied, the distance of land transportation being about the same as from Cheeseman's Creek. There is another small creek [Wormley's], which empties into the York River about 2 1/2 miles below Yorktown. This creek has 4 1/2 feet of water, and heavy ordnance is sent into it in barges. It is, however, under the fire of the enemy's guns, and can only be used at night.

Yesterday one of our barges loaded with four hundred 13-inch shells was delayed until daylight, when the enemy opened fire on the boat, and burst a 100-pound shell in it and sunk it. The shells will be saved. I send you a map of the scene of our operations with the roads plainly delineated.

I beg here to state that I have received the most cordial and efficient assistance from the officers of our department in charge of the depots at Fortress Monroe and Cheeseman's Creek, and that Colonel Crosman and Major Belger, as well as Colonel Rucker, have filled all my requisitions with the greatest promptness. I feel under many obligations to them for it. I forward you herewith a copy of a circular which I have issued to the officers of our department on duty with the army.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEWART VAN VLIET,

Brigadier-General and Quartermaster.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure B.]

WITHIN TWO MILES OFF CHICKAHOMINY, May 23, 1862.

GENERAL: * * * Since my last communication I have established our final depot at White House, the point where the West Point Railroad crosses the Pamunkey River, 23 miles from Richmond. The army now occupies the line of the Chickahominy from 16 to 18 miles in advance. Supplies are now hauled by land from the depot, and owing to the nature of the roads it is about the utmost limit at which an army of this size can be supplied by wagon transportation. I trust, however, that in two days I shall have the railroad in running order, when all anxiety with regard to supplies may be dismissed. I have had all the rolling stock of the railroad ordered to the White House instead of West Point. About twenty-five cars are now landed, and two engines will be put upon the track this evening. The bridge-builders and carpenters only reached the White House last evening. They are now building the two small bridges between White House

