
of supplies of all kinds. The army was then perfectly equipped so far as I observed, and was in condition, except in point of number-of which I was not the judge-to move forward.

The withdrawal of the army having been ordered early in August, preparations were perfected to secure our trains from attack by the enemy while evacuating the place and at same time from obstructing the passage of our troops. One corps having been thrown across the Chickahominy near its mouth over a pontoon bridge of some 2,000 feet in length, the supply trains were then driven over without delay, and sent forward rapidly on the roads to Yorktown and Fortress Monroe. After having given all proper orders in regard to the breaking up of the depot I left with the general commanding, and supervised the withdrawal of the trains. The march was conducted with great order and celerity, without the loss or abandonment of any public property of any further use. The fleet of transports was conducted to Fortress Monroe by Lieutenant Colonel C. G. Sawtelle, assistant quartermaster, in a most skillful and successful manner. This officer broke up the depot at Harrison's Landing on the morning of the 16th of August, the same day the general commanding left by land and moved toward the Chickahominy. Colonel Sawtelle performed this duty with marked ability, and rendered most valuable assistance in the evacuation of White House, and constantly since to the present time.

On arrival at Yorktown and Fortress Monroe the troops were embarked as rapidly as our means of water transportation would allow for Aquia and Alexandria, in order to unite with the forces under General Pope. The cavalry and means of land transportation were the last to be shipped. Much of the cavalry did not arrive until after Pope had fallen back on the defenses and had been relieved in command. Many of the baggage trains were still behind, and did not come up until this army was reorganized by General McClellan after Pope's reverses, and had reached the Antietam. Great exertions were required and made to supply the army on its march in the Maryland campaign.

*			*			*			*			*

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster Army of the Potomac.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff Major-General McClellan, New York City.

No. 9. Report of Colonel Henry F. Clarke,

U. S. Army, Chief Commissary of Subsistence, of operations from August 1, 1861, to November 9, 1862.

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY SUBSISTENCE, ARMY POTOMAC, Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 1, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with the request communicated to me in your letter of the 20th ultimo I have the honor to furnish the following report of the operations of the subsistence department pertaining to the Army of the Potomac during the period I served on the staff of Major-General McClellan as chief commissary of that army:

I joined the staff of General McClellan August 1, 1861, at Washington, D. C. While the Army of the Potomac was in the vicinity of

