
stores to the place indicated without any loss whatever. Captain Woodward started early next morning, the 27th, with his herd, keeping well to the left of our lines. By taking the road via Baltimore Cross-Roads and Bottom's Bridge at 10 a.m. he reached the place designated.

June 28 instructions were sent to Captain Bell to at once destroy all subsistence stores at the White House not then reshipped, and to proceed with his party and supply vessels via Fort Monroe up the James River to the vicinity of City Point. Owing to telegraphic communication having been cut off by the enemy these instructions did not reach him, but, acting on previous directions, and with his never-failing good judgment and energy, he accomplished the work at the right time.

At 2.30 p.m. on the 28th General Stoneman's command retired to the White House, and General Casey, with the guard, commenced embarking. The property of the quartermaster's department was soon in flames. Further delay being deemed unsafe and unnecessary, at 4.30 p.m. fire was set to the subsistence stores yet on shore, and as previous preparation had been made, their destruction was complete. Owing to the large amount of subsistence stores on shore, the difficulty of getting vessels on short notice for their reshipment, and the necessity of continuing to send certain supplies to the army in front so long as the communication by railroad remained open, it was impossible to have saved the large amount of stores destroyed at the White House.

Captain Bell and party left the White House at 5.30 p.m. on that day for Fort Monroe, having previously sent all the supply vessels in that direction. The same day instructions were given to Captain Wilson to issue rations freely to all the troops calling for them, and not to stand upon the usual forms; to regulate his movements by those of General Sumner's command, and, previous to abandoning the depot at Orchard Station, to destroy all subsistence stores there that would otherwise fall into the hands of the enemy. Similar instructions were given to Captain Holmes relative to the depot at Savage Station. The hospital near by was well supplied with rations. Previous orders had been given that the men's haversacks and all the wagons possible should be filled and laden with the principal articles of the ration.

On the 29th, the army having commenced the movement to change its base to the James River, the subsistence stores then at the two depots last named were effectually destroyed. The parties that had been in charge of them joined the army, and reported for duty on the march and on our arrival at the James River. Captain Granger was placed in charge of a train of wagons, laden with subsistence stores, to relieve as far as possible any troops running short on the march. He conducted the train, overcoming many difficulties, and issued the stores to the troops holding Malvern Hill.

June 29 Captain Woodward, as directed, moved his herd of beef cattle, then numbering 2,518 head, on the road leading to the James River via White Oak Swamp. The next morning early he crossed the swamp and grazed his cattle not far beyond during the day.

At daylight on the 30th he continued the march, and at 10 a.m. took a by-road, which being free from obstructions, he reached the James River at 3 p.m. No beef cattle were lost on this march, which fact, considering the number in the herd, that the roads for much of the distance were narrow and skirted on either side by thick woods, and were crowded with troops and wagons, certainly reflects great credit on Captain Woodward, John O'Neil, the chief herder, and upon the employes in care of the cattle.

During the night of the 30th all the supplies in the train attached to

