
headquarters were sent from Haxall's Landing to the troops at Malvern Hill. It was now necessary to have stores brought to the nearest accessible points on the James River with the least possible delay.

By arrangement of the commanding general with Captain John Rodgers, U. S. Navy, commanding the naval force in that vicinity, early on the morning of July 1 I went on board of the gunboat Maratanza, commanded by Commander Thomas H. Stevens, U. S. Navy, and was taken to near Harrison's Landing, where the supply vessels previously sent from Yorktown to meet an emergency, the steamer J. R. Spaulding, laden with subsistence stores, and some other vessels were at anchor, all under the protection of gunboats.

As directed, the J. R. Spaulding at once proceeded to Carter's Landing, where Captain Wilson, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Army, was in waiting with a party, and immediately commenced discharging her. Two of the schooners were the same morning towed to Haxall's Landing, the Maratanza convoying them. Captain Granger was soon ready with a party at that place, and commenced to discharge and issue the stores.

It having been determined that the army should take position during the night of July 1 at Harrison's Landing, on the evening of that day most of the stores discharged at Carter's Landing were reloated, and the steamer proceeded to that vicinity. Stores were issued at Haxall's until 11 p.m., when most of those remaining on shore were reshipped. At both places a good supply of rations was left for the wounded and sick. Early the next morning the two schooners were towed by the gunboats to Harrison's Landing.

Captain G. Bell, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Army, arrived with his supply vessels and entire party at Harrison's Landing on the evening of July 1, and on the morning of the 2nd commenced discharging and issuing stores to supply all pressing wants. The Long Wharf was then the only place of landing, and only vessels of medium draught could get to the head of it. Under the circumstances it was impossible to fully supply the army from that point.

On the 3rd we obtained possession of the wharf at Westover, where we had greater facilities for discharging and issuing stores than at any previous landing. The herd of beef cattle was driven during the afternoon of the 1st and morning of July 2 to the vicinity of Harrison's Landing, where there was plenty of good feed and water. During the stay of the army here, from July 2 to August 15, it was abundantly supplied with subsistence. Our stores were principally received from New York and Washington. All the beef cattle came from the latter place in steamers, and in schooners in tow of steamers, arranged for the purpose. As soon as arrangements could be made fresh vegetables in large quantities were received from New York, Baltimore, and Norfolk, and soft bread from the latter place and Fort Monroe, and issued as equally as possible to the several commands. Dried apples and peaches and desiccated vegetables were issued continuously from the first Large quantities of fresh vegetables here, as at the White House, were spoiled. Just before leaving Westover two vessels were loaded with dried fruit alone, which we had on shore for issue.

The army commenced the march for Yorktown and Fort Monroe August 14, each command having been directed to carry with it at least eight days' rations. Early on the morning of the 15th the herd of beef cattle, under Captain Woodward started for Yorktown via the pontoon bridge over the Chickahominy River, and arrived in that vicinity on the 17th.

