
[not yet promoted], rendered highly valuable services. In the accomplishment of his duties he had many serious obstacles to overcome. His never flagging energy and perseverance always enabled him to achieve the desired results. Besides the services of Captain Brownell Granger, commissary of subsistence, volunteer service, already referred to, he gave important assistance at the depot. He was always ready and willing, and ever discharged his duties with promptness, intelligence, and entire success.

Captain W. H. Bell, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Army, successfully managed affairs at the Hagerstown subsistence depot.

The duties of Captain J. H. Woodward, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, with the beef-cattle herds on the Peninsula, during the Maryland and Virginia campaigns, were laborious and highly important. He performed them to the entire satisfaction of all concerned. And Captain W. R. Murphy, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, charged with like duties in the last two campaigns mentioned, was likewise successful in their performance.

Besides the officers already mentioned, Capts. R. Holmes, J. C. Read, A. B. Mott, H. M. Swift, R. C. Stickney, J. A. Doyle, D. D. Wiley, G. S. Leland, J. Benedict, G. F. Thompson, commissaries of subsistence, volunteer service, at different times assisted at the depots and acquitted themselves with much credit.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. F. CLARKE,

Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Commissary of Subsistence.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General Army of the Potomac.

No. 10. Report of Surgeon Charles S. Tripler,

U. S. Army, Medical Director, Army of the Potomac, of operations from March 17 to July 3.

DETROIT, MICH., February 7, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with your instructions I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the medical department of the Army of the Potomac during the time I was connected with it as medical director:

This time naturally divides itself into two periods: The first* embracing the time from the beginning of the organization of that army to that of its taking the field; the second from the latter time to the completion of the change of base to Harrison's Landing, on the James River.

*			*			*		*			*		*

P A R T I I .

The army being about to take the field, certain measures preparatory to the movement suggested themselves.

I may mention here that a great deal of presumptuous intermeddling with the medical department of this army occurred from time to time.

---------------

*Part I appears in Series I, Vol. V, pp.76-113.

---------------

12 R R-VOL XI

