
Washington as medical directors. I intended so to distribute them; to break up the Washington arrangements; to send purveyor as well as hospital surgeon into the field-in short, to transfer everything in Washington to Fort Monroe, whither you informed me we were to proceed. On my arrival in Washington the Surgeon-General informed me that he had resumed the control of hospitals and purveyor; that I must use my inspectors for medical directors, and appoint another purveyor, as the one in Washington could not be spared. I was further informed that I could not strip Washington of supplies; that I could take part of what was there, and that the remainder of what I wanted would be ordered from New York to meet me at Fort Monroe. I was obliged to acquiesce. I then addressed to the Surgeon-General the letter in the appendix marked M.

A medical purveyor was appointed and ordered to report to me from Baltimore. This officer promptly obeyed, but was in too feeble health to undertake the duty. I then substituted Ass. Surg. R. H. Alexander, of the Army, who entered upon and continued to discharge the duty up to the time I was relieved at Harrison's Bar. The medical directors were assigned to corps as follows: Keeney to Sumner's, Brown to Keyes', Milhau to Heintzelman's, and Magruder to McDowell's. Keeney and Milhau to Heintzelman's, and Magruder to McDowell's. Keeney and Milhau had been my inspectors, and had acquired valuable experience as such during the four months they had been employed on that duty. I had left Keeney in Washington to attend to the business of my office during my absence at Fairfax Court-House. Sumner's corps, to which he was assigned, having been left for a time in the vicinity of Manassas, Keeney remained behind when I joined at Fairfax Seminary. Without consultation with the headquarters of the army to which he belonged, he was relieved and J. F. Hammond substituted. This officer joined General Sumner promptly and conducted the business of his department well, but I cannot help complaining the business of his department well, but I cannot help complaining of the act itself as inexpedient and unjust. I remonstrated against it at the time upon principle, but without avail.

The medical directors having been finally arranged to the corps, I prepared for their use the instructions in the appendix marked N.

On the 17th March I saw General Van Vliet in Washington in reference to ambulances. He told me that 36 four-wheeled were then en route from Perryville for Fort Monroe; that he would send 86 more from Washington, and 140 two-wheeled in addition to those then in possession of the regiments. This was the best that could be done. Those from Perryville reached Fort Monroe in good season, and were distributed by Captain Sawtelle, and the others did not arrive until from April 9 to May 1.

March 29 the headquarters were transferred to the steamer Commodore, at Alexandria. While still at the wharf, the Sanitary Commission made application for three representatives of that association to be permitted to accompany the army and for facilities for transporting such supplies as they might think proper to send. The matter being referred to me, I agreed to the proposal upon certain conditions, which were accepted, and which I afterwards indorsed upon their official communication as follows: "The proposal of the Sanitary Commission has my concurrence, provided their agents shall consult with me before making issues to the troops, and that their reports shall be submitted to my inspection before they are transmitted for publication." These terms were agreed to, but not observed. It is proper I should now give my reasons for imposing them.

The Sanitary Commission, through the courtesy of Dr. Wood, Acting

