
had to the medical directors of corps, with instructions for its prudent use. [See appendix P.]

The first of the large supply from New York reached Fort Monroe April 14; the last did not reach the purveyor until the 1st of May. These supplies were shipped by different vessels, and were mingled with other stores, so that they could not be got at until after tedious and vexatious delays.

On the 9th of May I wrote and telegraphed to the Surgeon-General for bedding, &amp;c., hoping it might be ordered up immediately from Fort Monroe. It was dispatched from Washington the next day, and reached us at White House, but at a much later date than I had hoped for. I telegraphed to the Surgeon-General on the 16th of May and wrote him fully on the 19th. [Appendix R.] On the next day some of them arrived. [Appendix R.] On the 29th nearly all were received. [Appendix S.] On the 2nd of June another invoice of 556 packages was received at White House from New York.

To avoid the delay attendant upon sending requisitions to me during the important operations before Richmond on the 27th of May, I authorized the medical directors of corps to approve of them, and directed the purveyor to issue upon their orders. On the 23rd of May I directed the purveyor to purchase a large quantity of portable soup and to distribute it to the several corps. On the 11th of June I directed the medical directors of the corps to see to it that their regiments were supplied with everything necessary and to fill up all deficiencies immediately. [Appendix S2.] This done, there seemed to be no more that I could do to insure that a sufficiency of all necessary supplies should be on hand in the conflicts soon to occur. If any regiment suffered afterward for want of these things it was due to the negligence or inefficiency of their own officers. There was an abundance of supplies at White House. The way to procure them was not only indicated, but the medical officers were repeatedly enjoined to provide themselves in season, and the chiefs of corps were directed to see that they did so provide.

The works in front of Yorktown being nearly ready for the bombardment and assault, on the 27th of April I proceeded by your order to select positions for the field depots for our wounded on the right. I was accompanied by Captain Abbot, of the Engineers, and was governed by his advice as to protection from the fire of the enemy. While engaged in this duty several shots were thrown by the enemy at our working parties, and from observation of their effect and direction I was satisfied that the positions selected would afford all the protection required for our operations. On the 29th I proceeded to Sumner's position, and with the assistance of General Sedgwick a similar selection of depots was made for the front of that corps.

Immediately afterward the embarkation of the sick was commenced. Sumner's, Heintzelman's, and a part of Keyes' corps were relieved. A letter in the appendix, marked S3, will show what hospital resources we had at that time.

May 2 I telegraphed to the medical director of Keyes' corps to break up his hospital at Young's Mill, and the 4th to concentrate his sick, with a suitable allowance of medical officers, nurses, and subsistence, and to keep his transportation well in hand for any further movement. The same date I inquired for how many men he would want accommodation. The next morning the officer left in charge of the sick at Warwick Court-House reported 232 men; before night they had increased to 800. I then sent an assistant of my own to see to the matter, and before his task was completed more than 1,200 were collected in the

