
several others "acquiring the predisposition to the disease." My reports and action on this will be found in the appendix U2 and U3. It will be seen from these reports that the occurrence of scurvy even in this very limited degree was due alone to the neglect of officers to enforce the orders from your headquarters in relation to the use of vegetables by the men. These orders were reiterated, whether with any better success I do not know, but I heard no more of scurvy.

At this time I found it necessary to ask that so much of General Orders, 102, March 19, 1862, as authorized commanders of corps to grant leaves of absence for fifteen days to medical officers should be rescinded. Fifteen days would take them home, but it was a rare thing to find them at their posts at the expiration of it. Notwithstanding we had under contract nearly a hundred citizen physicians, the regiment were scarcely much better provided than when we began to fill vacancies in this way. Several of the contract physicians themselves soon repented of their bargains and begged to be relieved. As their contracts could be determined at their own pleasure, I could only refuse to terminate them myself, but could not prevent their doing so. To obviate this inconvenience for a reasonable time, at least, I wrote to the Surgeon-General, to request him for the future to stipulate with these gentlemen that they should not terminate their contracts in less than three months. My suggestion was adopted, and we were thus enabled to retain several who would otherwise have left us. Desirous of leaving nothing undone to promote and preserve the health of the army at this critical period, I resolved to call upon the whole body of the medical officers for their opinions and advice. For this purpose I addressed to the medical directors a circular, under date of June 18, which will be found in the appendix X. I received before the final conflicts reports from several of these, and all agreed that nothing of any consequence had been left undone that the medical department could do. Better shelter for the men, less work, and in a few instances new clothing, were all that seemed to be wanting.

June 12 the headquarters were removed to the right bank of the Chickahominy, near Dr. Trent's house. Some firing and shelling took place from day to day, but without any damage to us. On the 13th the enemy made a raid to our rear, doing but little harm. Our railway communications were not interrupted. On the 15th, the roads then for the first time admitting of it, I succeeded in transferring the remainder of the Hanover wounded to the floating hospitals at White House.

June 16 I took measures for providing a receiving hospital for the wounded at Savage Station, the headquarters of General Heintzelman. Dr. Swinburne, of Albany, N. Y., a surgeon known to me by reputation, and one who had rendered some service at White House and Fair Oaks, having reported to me under contract, I directed him to prepare this depot under the supervision of Surgeon Milhau, medical director of Heintzelman's corps. Every facility was given Dr. Swinburne for this purpose, large details of men, all the tents we could command, abundance of subsistence, &amp;c. There were several outhouses at the Station that were directed to be vacated; some sick in them belonging to Keyes' corps were transferred to White House. An ice-house near Savage's house was filled with ice. In twelve days, with a detail of 100 men, or as many of them as chose to report to Dr. Swinburne, succeeded in getting the buildings cleaned, 25 tents pitched, two or three caldrons for making soup in position, water-casks prepared and filled with water, hospital and dressings, and was prepared to receive the wounded.

June 17,600 sick were ordered from White House to Yorktown, to make room for wounded I expected soon to be called upon to provide for. The same day the medical officers were ordered again to provide themselves with portable soup. Tents were also ordered again to provide themselves with portable soup. Tents were also ordered to be pitched near the railway terminus at White House, for the reception of wounded upon the arrival of the cars.

