
physicians, were employed in the necessary operations and dressings. No exertion seemed to be too great, no fatigue too exhausting, for the self-sacrificing zeal, of every one of those gentlemen.

In the afternoon I received orders to leave all that could not walk, with a supply of surgeons, nurses, subsistence, and hospital stores, to fall into the hands of the enemy. I caused the wounded to be carefully examined, and 650 were reported to me as unable to move. A number of them, however, did contrive to get away and reach the James River in safety. I then called for volunteers to remain with the wounded, and, to the credit of the medical gentlemen be it said, all that I wanted immediately expressed their readiness to undertake the duty. One of them, a friend from my boyhood, Dr. H. J. Milnor, of New York, lost his life from exhaustion in this self-sacrifice. Dr. Swinburne having had the organizing of the hospital, I constituted him chief of the party, and furnished him with a letter to the rebel commander in these words:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 28, 1862.

Dr. Swinburne, a volunteer surgeon, with a number of other surgeons, nurses, and attendants, have been left in charge of the sick and wounded of this army who could not be removed. Their humane occupation commends itself under the law of nations to the kind consideration of the opposing forces. It is requested that they may be free to return as soon as the discharge of their duties with the sick and wounded will permit, and that the same consideration shown to the Confederate sick, wounded, and medical officers that have been captured by our forces may be extended to them. A large amount of clothing, bedding, medical stores, &amp;c., have been left both at Savage Station and Dr. Trent's house.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

CHS. S. TRIPLER,Surgeon and Medical Director Army of the Potomac.

To the COMMANDING GENERAL CONFEDERATE FORCES, or

COMMANDING OFFICER.

On the morning of the 29th the headquarters moved in the direction of James River and arrived at Haxall's Landing the next day. The actions at Savage Station, White Oak Swamp, and Malvern Hill occurred in quick succession. So far as circumstances would admit the wounded were conducted or found their way to this point, to Carter's, and to Harrison's Bar. To the latter position the headquarters were transferred on the night of July 1. The next day a heavy rain fell, deluging our wounded, many of whom had no shelter. Some of our hospital ships at that time having reached Harrison's Bar, I procured a lighter from the quartermaster and commenced shipping the wounded, but I was obliged to suspend this operation by orders from yourself, as the wharf was absolutely necessary for landing subsistence. Everything possible, however, was done for the comfort of the wounded. Tea, coffee, soup, and stimulants were being constantly prepared and issued. My train of reserve stores had happily succeeded in reaching the position, and the supplies held out until we were able to get more from the purveyor's store-ship in the stream.

On the 3rd my successor, Dr. Letterman, having reported, I turned over the department to him. The reports of killed and wounded in this series of conflicts, I presume, were made to Dr. Letterman. I left the army before there was time to prepare them.

During this campaign the army was favored with excellent health. No epidemic disease appeared. Those scourges of modern armies-dysentery, typhus, cholera-were almost unknown. We had some typhoid fever and more malarial fever, but even these never prevailed to such

