
together as regiments, should have an adequate medical force. I should recommend one surgeon as administrative officer for each eight batteries, and one assistant surgeon for each battery. An army in the field must have its general supply train or transports for hospital supplies. To get supplies from the purveyor's store to the troops I found very perplexing, both in Washington and on the Peninsula. Now, by having an assistant quartermaster attached to the chief surgeon of each corps, with the hospital train under his charge, this difficulty is at once obviated.

The hospital train for a large army should consist of two four-wheeled ambulances, four cacolets [or horse-litters], one ordinary baggage wagon for medicines, stores, tents, and cooking apparatus to each regiment. Instruments, medicines, and dressing for daily use should be transported in panniers or the hospital knapsacks. The reserve supplies in the baggage wagon should be packed in cases of uniform size, exactly fitted to the wagon-box, numbered, and the contents of each marked upon it. The French transport system is admirable, and could be readily adapted to our service.

I cannot close this report without expressing my appreciation of the conspicuous services of Surgs. J. F. Hammond, J. B. Brown, and J. J. Milhau, the medical directors of Sumner's, Keyes', and Heintzelman's corps; Surg. R. H. Alexander, medical purveyor; Surg. A. K. Smith and Assist. Surgs. E. McClellan and C. R. Greenleaf, my own aides. I think I am justified in asserting that there was no duty these officers were called upon to perform that was not well and promptly done; that their zeal never faltered, their ability never failed. If my department was conducted to your satisfaction the efforts of these gentlemen contributed most essentially to that result. Among the volunteer medical officers, in my opinion Brigade Surgeons Lyman, Crosby, Baxter, Bently, and Dougherty deserve special notice for ability and efficiency.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHS. S. TRIPLER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director Army of the Potomac.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

U. S. Army, Commanding General Army of the Potomac.

[Appendix M.]

ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Medical Director's Office, Washington, March 15, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to request that field supplies for 140,000 men may be put up by the medical purveyor immediately, to be transported with Major-General McClellan's army wherever it may be ordered. I have appointed Assistant Surgeon Bartholow medical purveyor for this army. He has been ordered by telegraph to report to me without delay. General McClellan has directed his chief quartermaster to furnish the transportation for these supplies as soon as they are ready.

The general intends to move in from forty-eight to seventy-two hours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHS. S. TRIPLER,

Surgeon and Medical Director Army of the Potomac.

Surgeon-General FINLEY, U. S. A.

