
under his invitation with a horse and tent each, with the necessary servants, and the privilege of purchasing subsistence of the commissaries. They cannot be made comfortable in any other way.

I learn this morning by telegraph that a portion of the supplies ordered from New York a month ago has reached Fort Monroe. Their arrival is most timely, as our field supplies are almost exhausted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHS. S. TRIPLER,

Surgeon and Medical Director Army of the Potomac.

Surg. R. C. WOOD,

Acting Surgeon-General, Washington, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Medical Director's Office, Camp Winfield Scott, April 12, 1862.

SIR: Your letter of April 11 has been received. I find that in very many instances the supplies on hand in regiments in their old camps have been left behind under various pretexts that are not satisfactory to me. Want of transportation is most usually alleged. How this can be when the troops came by water I cannot understand. I have determined, therefore, to issue no more three-months' supplies, but to confine the issues to such articles as are required for immediate use. Liquors will be sent to medical directors of corps, to be issued in their discretion, in hopes that by this means there may be some preserved when we are brought into action. We are now at least four weeks distant from our sources of supplies, and unless some economy is observed in the use of important articles we shall be destitute when most in want. In many instances I observe great waste in the expenditure of bandages. These articles must not be thrown away when once used, but washed out and used again till worn-out. If the medical officers will reflect upon what is before them, and the responsibility to which they will be held, the most indifferent among them will see the necessity for counting every pin before it is used. Their own credit, as well as the comfort and lives of the soldiers under their care, depends upon their vigilance in preserving their supplies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,CHS. S. TRIPLER,

Medical Director Army of the Potomac.

MEDICAL DIRECTOR KEYES' CORPS.

[Appendix R.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Medical Director's Office, White House, May 18, 1862.

It is absolutely necessary that not less than thirty contract physicians should be sent to this army at once, to fill the places of medical officers sick and on detached service. The supplies that left Washington on the 11th have not yet reached here. We are nearly exhausted. I suggest that medical supplies be sent in charge of a special agent, to be delivered to the purveyor to whom they are directed. Medical supplies have been found stored under other supplies in the hold of vessels, and detained there for weeks in this river.

We must have four-wheeled ambulances; two-wheeled are good for nothing. I asked for 140 four-wheeled some time ago. A lot of two wheeled have been received since, but are altogether insufficient.

