
the White House, in order that the needed supplies may be brought up with as little delay as possible.

CHS. S. TRIPLER,

Medical Director.

Surg. J. R. HAMMOND, Second Corps.

Brigade Surgeon HAMILTON, Fourth Corps.

Assistant Surgeon MILHAU, Third Corps.

Written to-

Dr. LYMAN, Porter's Corps.

Dr. BROWN, Franklin's Corps.

Dr. HASSON, Cooke's Cavalry Corps.

[Appendix S3.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Medical Director's Office, Camp Winfield Scott, May 2, 1862.

COLONEL: In view of present circumstances and the necessity that you should be advised of what will probably be needed for this army, I have to say that, in my opinion, a vigorous resistance will be made at this point. It is the part of prudence at all events to be prepared for it. It is impossible to establish hospitals on this Peninsula for our sick and wounded. The climate, the means of suitable supplies of bedding, stores, and a medical staff, as well as the certainty of an immediate forward movement after the capture of Yorktown, alike forbid the attempt. We must, then, send elsewhere the sick and wounded. i cannot foresee at what time transportation for this purpose will be needed, or in what quantities at a time. We are now endeavoring to send 600 sick to New York. We have, as you know, the Commodore and Wm. Whildin, fitted up and ready for the wounded. They will accommodate about 600. I expect to send the Commodore about four times to Fort Monroe, so that we can assume she will relieve us of about 1,000 to 1,200. We shall the have to send other transports to more distant parts. We have room for the following numbers: annapolis, 250; Baltimore 700; Alexandria, 400; Georgetown, 400; Washington, 1,500; Philadelphia, 600; New York, 2,000; Albany, 1,500; Fort Monroe, 1,000. I expect to want transportation to the full extent of this list during the siege and immediately after the capture of Yorktown. We shall need a teamer for a hospital for wounded constantly at your landing. as one is loaded and dispatched another must take her place. For the sick we can from time to time make an approximate estimate, for the wounded we cannot. If, then, you can have as many boats fitted up with berths as will be necessary to make the trips required to these several points, so as to have one or two constantly at the landing, it will meet the case. We want them well supplied with good water and with facilities for cooking. I will always endeavor to give you as long notice as possible of special wants for the transportation of sick.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHS. S. TRIPLER,

Surgeon and Medical Director Army of the Potomac.

Lieutenant-Colonel INGALLS,

Aide-de Camp and Quartermaster, Cheeseman's Landing.

