
up by the rebels, and in hospital tents. The medical officers attached are Brigade Surg. W. H. White, Volunteers; Drs. F. J. Ainsworth Joel Seaverns, W. Lamb, Beurine Carpenter, F. A. Howe, Jonathan Brown, Henry H. Fuller, A. J. Cummings, J. H. Morse, G. S. Hitchcock, and J. Q. A. McAllister-all from Massachusetts on contract. This hospital has been organized by one of my assistants, Dr. C. R. Greenleaf, U. S. Army, and until yesterday was officered by regimental medical officers left behind with their sick. After I had made the contracts with the Massachusetts gentlemen I sent eleven of them to relieve the commissioned officers, and ordered the latter to their regiments.

II. At White House, Va. This hospital consists of 105 hospital tents at present-all I have been able to command. It will probably be extended when more are received. One-half of these tents have been furnished with plank banquettes. The remainder will be similarly furnished when the lumber can be procured. Brigade Surg. J. H. Baxter, Volunteer service, is at present in charge. He is to be relieved by Brigade Surg. A. T. Watson in a few days. Drs. Alexander Bicker, of New York; W. K. Fletcher, L. D. Seymour, Benj. Campbell, of Massachusetts; A. E. Stocker, Asa Millett, Joseph Underwood, Francis C. Greene, and F. Leb. Monroe are the surgeons in attendance. When this hospital was organized, the medical service was performed gratuitously by Drs. Cogswell, Swinburne, Lansing, Willard, and Kneeland of New York, and Drs. Page and Hall, of Massachusetts. They were relieved on the 26th by the contract physicians above mentioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHS. S. TRIPLER,

Surgeon and Medical Director Army of the Potomac.

Brigadier General W. A. HAMMOND,

Surgeon-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

[Appendix T.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Medical Director's Office, June 22, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your instructions I proceeded to White House on Friday afternoon (20), and returned yesterday, I called upon Colonel Ingalls, and in company with him examined the house know as the White House, as well as the outbuildings, grounds, and spring. The house is two stories in height, with two small rooms on each floor, a cellar under the main building, and with no attic. The four rooms in the main building can each accommodate 5 patients. One of the wings can accommodate 3 or perhaps 4 patients; the other is a sort of pantry, and has on one side the opening for the stairway to descend into the cellar. This room is unfit for any other purpose than a dispensary or kitchen. The cellar is dark, damp, and foul, and, in my opinion, should of itself forbid the occupation of the house as a hospital. The greatest number of sick the house can accommodate is, then 24, leaving no room for the nurses. The outbuildings are entirely unfit for hospital purposes.

The grounds consist of a law, shaded by locust trees, and a kitchen garden. The lawn affords room for about 25 hospital tents. The kitchen garden is of loose soil, parts of it rather low, and in wet weather would be muddy and uncomfortable. By ditching it might be drained. The spring is at the foot of the bank, near the dairy-house.

