
gling to the rear in search of shelter. I believe they have all been gathered in. Certainly every effort has been made effect this object. I have been official informed that Casey's division has lost some 3,500 men within the last two moths from sickness and straggling combined.

I am further persuaded that a large number of men have found their way to the hospitals at the North in our transports who were perfectly well, at least when they arrived. Dr. Satterlee wrote me in a letter, received yesterday, that he had seen numbers of such in New York. When orders have been issued to send the sick to the general hospitals in transports, owing to the general neglect to send descriptive lists with the men there have been no means of ascertaining whether those who found their way on board were authorized to do so or not. I would suggest, then, that the most stringent orders should be issued that no man shall be sent to a hospital at the rear, whether on shore or afloat, without his descriptive list and a report from the surgeon of his regiment to accompany him; these reports and descriptive lists to be handed to the medical director of the corps or the senior medical officer of the independent command before then men are permitted to leave their regimental hospitals. When these lists are presented, the medical director of the corps or other senior medical officer to inquire of the medical director of the army by telegraph where these men shall be sent, and shall inform him exactly how many there are. No man to be sent to general hospital who is beyond all hope of recovery. Where the point to which the men are to be sent is indicated, the quartermaster of the corps to make provision for their transportation to the railway and for cars to convey them to the transports or general hospital at White House.

I have also to suggest the propriety of taking some measures to have the will men of this army now in the northern hospitals sent back to their regiments. I feel confident that more than 1,000 men perfectly fit to join their regiments are now idle in the general hospitals. I have given orders to this effect at Yorktown and White House, and have no no doubt they are obeyed in these hospitals.

I would further recommend the prohibition of huckstering at White House and Yorktown, as well as near any of our camps. Much mischief is done by the sale of improper articles of food to the men. Milk, corn bread, fresh vegetables, and eggs are unexceptionable, but all other articles should be forbidden. It would be well to limit the sale of the proper articles to some particular locality at White House and Yorktown, so that it could be readily and frequently inspected by some officer, to insure the exclusion of all forbidden articles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHS. S. TRIPLER,

Surgeon and Medical Director Army of the Potomac.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Appendix U2.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Medical Director's Office, June 14, 1862.

GENERAL: J. F. Hammond, medical director of Sumner's corps, having telegraphed me this morning that there were some signs of scurry in that corps, I sent Dr. A. K. Smith over at once to investigate the matter. Dr. Smith reports to me that he found six cases in

