
are well as sending sick to hospitals outside of the army to which they belong. Such was the experience of the armies in the Crimea, and such is the experience of all armies.

On the 7th of July the following communication was sent to me from Washington by the Quartermaster General:

You were this day telegraphed as follows, viz: Have ordered tents for 50,000 men sent to Harrison's Landing. Few hospital tents on hand; more making. For the present I advise the use of some of the wall tents lately shipped to Harrison's Landing. But why not send your sick and wounded at once to Fort Monroe, to be transferred to a healthier place? Sick and wounded are not useful at such a place as that at Harrison's Landing.

On the 9th of July General Meigs informed me that he had ordered 200 ambulances from Philadelphia and 250 hospital tents from Washington to Fortress monroe, saying "the remaining 750 hospital tents will be forwarded as soon as made." Three hundred hospital tents reached Harrison's Landing on the 18th of July. On the 1st of August I was informed that " a large number had arrived, together with a number of ambulances." The tents, as far as they were needed, were used for the accommodation of the sick. The ambulances were distributed before we left.

Before the communication to you of July 18 was written the existence of scurvy attracted my serious consideration, and upon consultation with Colonel Clarke, the chief commissary of the army, large supplies of potatoes, onions, cabbage, tomatoes, squash, and beets and fresh bread were ordered by him. The first arrival of anti-scorbutic was on the 7th of July; potatoes and onion arrived on the 20th, and thereafter the supplies were so abundant that potatoes, onions, and cabbage rotted at the wharf for want of some one to take them away. The fresh bread was eagerly sought for by the men, as they loathed the hard bread, which they had used for so many weeks. This loathing was no affectation, for this bread is difficult to masticate, is dry and insipid, absorbs all the secretions poured into the mouth and stomach, and leaves none for the digestion of other portions of the food. The craving for fresh bread was founded in reason, and was not a mere whim. In addition to these vegetables and fresh bread procured by the commissary department, 1,500 boxes of fresh lemons were issued by the medical purveyor to the various hospitals and to the troops. The beneficial effects of this treatment soon became perceptible on the health of the men, and when we left Harrison's Landing scurvy had disappeared from the Army of the Potomac.

While the army remained at this place supplies of every kind appertaining to the medical department were abundant large amounts were issued; as it was found necessary to resupply almost the entire army. Ice was freely and almost continuously supplied by the medical purveyor to the general and regimental hospitals and to the transports.

The recommendations contained in the extract taken from my communication to you of July 18, which I have quoted, were ordered to be carried into effect by the commanding general. The subject of police throughout the army, I may here state, was called to your attention in a note addressed to you on the 12th of July. Inspections were made frequently by medical officers in the different corps, by officers sent upon this from the medical director's office, and by myself, to see that the instructions just alluded to were enforced. The duty was laborious, and especially so during the excessive heat in July and August. These inspections were purposely made irregularly, both as regards time and

