
operation, and owing to the nature of that engagement severely tested. It worked very satisfactorily, not only to me, but also in the opinion of the general officers in command; all the wounded being brought from the field the same night, although the battle lasted until after dark, except those between the lines.

While at Harrison's landing, everything having been done that was considered necessary and that time permitted to place the medical department on a proper footing for active service, little was required of me during our march to Fortress Monroe, nor did anything occur in the medical department worthy of mention Upon our arrival there steps were immediately taken to have the well men who had unavoidably been allowed to go on the transports to Fortress Monroe separated from those unable to perform their duties, and sent to their regiments.

Whilst the army was at Harrison's landing the hospitals at Point Lookout, Fortress Monroe, and its immediate vicinity, Portsmouth, and Newport News were within the jurisdiction of the Army of the Potomac, and all of them I visited. On the 1st of August there were in these hospitals 1,820 patients. During that month,including the hospital at Craney Island, to which I have already alluded, they received 5,191; making a total of 7,011. Of these 716 were returned to duty, 101 discharged, 4 sent on furlough, 9 deserted, 218 (paroled prisoners) sent to Annapolis, and 84 died, leaving under treatment 5,879 on the 31st of August. In these hospitals and camps 66 surgeons, 12 medical cadets, 12 hospital stewards, 537 nurses, and 126 cooks were on duty during the month of August.

The army had to be transported by water from this place north. All the vessels that could be obtained (the transports fitted up for the sick, as well as others) were required by the quartermaster's department for this object. It appeared that it was necessary to have the troops transported with rapidity, as they were sent with scarcely any baggage. From this it resulted that the ambulances and all their appurtenances were left behind, to be sent up as vessels could be spared for the purpose. Some of the vessels never arrived. A large portion of the medical supplies were also left behind-in some cases everything but the hospital knapsack-by orders of colonels of regiments, regimental quartermasters, and others; in some cases without the knowledge of these medical officers, in others notwithstanding their protest. For such acts as these medical officers have been severely censured, and they were censured afterward for not having the very sullies which had been left behind in this manner.

From the date of the embarkation of the troops at Fort Monroe up to the time when the general was placed in command of the defenses of Washington I know personally but little of the medical department of the Army of the Potomac. It was not under my control.*

* * * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JONATHAN LETTERMAN,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, and Medical Director Army of the Potomac.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

---------------

* Remainder of report will appear in Series I, VOL. XIX, embracing operation of the Army of the Potomac from September 2 to November 9, 1862.

---------------

