
communication was for thirty-six hours maintained between the army on shore and the different gunboats of the flotilla in the Pamunkey covering that position. To the co-operation of the land and naval forces thus secured the success of that movement was in part due.

For their services at this place are mentioned: First Lieuts W. S. Stryker, Twelfth West Virginia Volunteers, and J. H. Hutchinson, Third Vermont, stationed on shore; First Lieutenant James S. Hall, Fifty third Pennsylvania Volunteers, on flag-ship Chocura.

In the engagement of June 25, at the advance of General Hooker upon the Williamsburg road, the approach of the enemy, hidden by woods from our army, was observed by signal officers stationed in a tree trop, and the information was signaled to General S. P. Heintzelman, commanding on the field. On this information some timely movements of our own forces were made.

On this day, also, direction was given to a field battery near General Hooker's position.

For their services at this point are mentioned: First Lieutenant C. S. Kendall, First Massachusetts Volunteers; Second Lieuts. W. G. McCreary, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers, and E. A. Denicke, Cameron Rifles, New York Volunteers.

At the same day information was communicated by signal officers across the Chickahominy as to the range and effect of the fire of the heavy batteries stationed on Hogan's and Gaines' Hills, then occupied by General F. J. Porter, and firing upon the position of the enemy at Old Tavern.

The officers who served with these batteries are already mentioned.

At the battle of Mechanicsville signals were not used, the smoke settling so quickly upon the battle-field as to render them invisible. Under the circumstances, the officers were employed as reconnoitering officers, and by their observations gave some information as to the movements and position of the enemy and the direction of our artillery.

At the battle of Gaines' Mill signal communication was established on the field from the right and left flanks of our army, drawn up in line of battle, to the central position, occupied by General F. J. Porter. These stations were established prior to the engagement and maintained under fire until the action became general.

For services rendered preceding and during this action are mentioned:Second Lieutenant J. Gloskosky, Twenty-ninth New York Volunteers, stationed at the end of Bridge Numbers 5 and in advance of the left wing; First Lieutenant B. F. Fisher, Third Pennsylvania Reserves, and Second Lieutenant J. C. Wiggins, Third New Jersey Volunteers, with the right wing, and Second Lieutenant N. H. Camp, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, stationed with the commanding general.

On Sunday, June 29, at the commencement of the flank movement from the Chickahominy and preceding and at the commencement of the battle of Savage Station, reconnaissances of the position and of the advance of the enemy were made by signal officers, and reported by signals to Brigadier General W. F. Smith, near Dudley's house, and Brigadier-General Summer, on the field of battle.

For service on this occasion are mentioned: Second Lieutenant F. W. Marston, Fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and E. A. Denicke, Cameron Rifles, New York Volunteers, reporting to General Smith the movements of the enemy from observatory station near Dudley's house; Second Lieutenant J. C. Wiggins, Third New Jersey Volunteers, stationed near the railroad, in advance of the center of the line of bate; First Lieutenant F. Birney, Twenty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, on the Will

