
iamsburg road; Second Lieuts. F. W. Marston, Fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and W. H. R. Neel, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, at the center. During the action Lieuts. N. H. Camp, E. A. Denicke, and J. C. Wiggins volunteered for a dangerous duty.

Upon the arrival, during the flank movement of this army to its present base, of the advance of the Fourth Army Corps, General E. D. Keyes commanding, upon the banks of the james River, communication was at once established and afterward maintained between our army and the naval forces operating upon the river.

During the battle of Malvern Hill, on the afternoon and night of June 30, communication [was had] between the forces on the field of battle and the general commanding the army on board the United States steamship Galena, while he remained on board that ship, and between the different gunboats taking part in the action, both prior to taking up their positions for action and after they had taken those positions. Communication wa also had between the fleet and our forces at other points on the banks of the James River. The firing of the gunboats on this day was in great part directed by signals from the field of battle, and the shells were thus thrown with precision and effect. The officers upon the field were exposed to a serious fire.

For their services on this occasion are mentioned: First Lieutenant G. H. McNary, Tenth Pennsylvania Reserves; First Lieutenant F. Birney, Twenty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Second Lieutenant J. F. Robbins, Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, stationed near General Porter's headquarters. First Lieutenant Charles Herzog, Forty-first New York Volunteers, on the left and near the advance. Second Lieutenant W. G. McCreary, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers, at Haxall's house. First Lieutenant C. S. Kendall, First Massachusetts Volunteers, near the river bank. First Lieutenant H. R. Clum, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, on board United States steamship Galena. Second Lieutenant A B. Jerome, First New Jersey Volunteers, on board United Stated steamship Aroostook; and First Lieutenant L. B. Norton, Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

During the battle of malvern Hill, July 1 and the operations of that day and the ensuing night, constant communication was kept up between our forces on land and on the fleet, co-operating at various points on the james River. There was communication also between different portions of our army on land and also between different vessels of the fleet. This communication was maintained by officer on the field, some of them exposed to a heavy fire. The positions occupied by officers, wherever stationed, on that day and night were those requiring arduous labor and involving serious responsibility. On this day, as on the preceding, the fire of the Navy was directed and regulated almost entirely by the signal officer from the battle-field and from ship to ship.

For their services during this battle are mentioned: First Lieutenant F. Birney, Twenty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, and First Lieutenant F. E. Yates, Fourth Excelsior Regiment, stationed near General F. J. Porter on the battle-field and communicating with the gunboats. First Lieutenant F. Ellis, Forty-second New York Volunteers; First Lieutenant Charles Ilerzog, Forty-first New York Volunteers; Second Lieutenant J. Gloskosky, Twenty-ninth New York Volunteers, and Second Lieutenant F. W. Marston, Fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, stationed near the left advance. First Lieutenant G. H. McNary, Tenth Pennsylvania Reserves, and Second Lieutenant N. H. Camp, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, near General Heintzelman, on the right. Second Lieutenant J. C. Wiggins, Third New.

