
sent him from Richmond and 60,000 from the south via Lynchburg.

One hundred pieces and three or four car loads of artillery from the South went to Fredericksburg depot on July 29, 1862, said to be for Jackson.

Beauregard's forces are believed to be mostly in Richmond.

Thirty thousand to 40,000 disciplined troops supposed to have been received in Richmond shortly before the commencement of the Seven-days' Battles.

About 50,000 troops were encamped around General Lee's headquarters on July 28, 1862.

One hundred and eighty thousand at Richmond prior to re-enforcements from Charleston; 40,000 taken by Jackson to the valley. He was afterwards re-enforced by 60,000 from the cotton States.

Rebel army estimated at 250,000 by the people of Richmond.

(The above statement was made by officers of the Federal Army who escaped from Richmond.)

Two trains daily of ten to fifteen cars each, loaded with troops, entered Richmond from Petersburg for four or five weeks prior to August 8, 1862.

Fifty thousand troops reported in Richmond to have been sent to Jackson within four weeks prior to above date.

Jackson said to have taken 75,000 troops from Richmond.

Nearly the whole rebel force said to have been employed against McClellan at the battle of Mechanicsville.

No. 14. Report of Colonel Robert O. Tyler,

First Connecticut Heavy Artillery, commanding siege train.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST CONNECTICUT ARTILLERY, July 5, 1862.

GENERAL: From the disembarkation of my regiment at Cheeseman's Landing, on the 12th of April, 1862, until this date, most of the services of the regiment have been performed, directly or indirectly, under your orders. At Yorktown, as director of the siege, and at Gaines' Mill, Chickahominy, and Malvern Hill, the portions of the regiment engaged have been under your immediate orders. Under these circumstances I would respectfully request permission to submit a report of the services of my regiment up the Peninsula.

Siege of Yorktown.-At Yorktown, under all the difficulties of transportation, my regiment kept place with the engineers in laying platforms and placing guns and material in position. Six batteries, mounting forty-eight guns and mortars, were fully armed and equipped; twenty-three additional guns and mortars disembarked. It is unnecessary to call attention to the amount of labor required in such batteries as No. 1, mounting 100-pounder and 200-pounder Parrotts, and No. 4, mounting 13-inch sea-coast mortars, all of which exceed in weight any guns previously placed in siege batteries, or to say how much the heavy firing from No. 1, for four consecutive days may have had to do with the evacuation of that place. On the day of the evacuation the six batteries equipped were prepared to throw 175 tons of metal daily into Yorktown. My regiment subsequently removed all this material from the batteries and re-embarked it.

