
Hanover Court-House.-The greater portion of this work having been completed, I reported with ten companies of my regiment to you at White House on the 28th of May. Upon the services performed by the regiment in reconnaissances near Old Church, in destroying all the means of crossing the Pamunkey below Hanover Court-House, and in the action near the place, a report has already been forwarded to your office. My regiment formed the advance of the infantry under General Cooke which followed the rebels on Stuart's raid, when they marched 42 miles in thirty-seven hours, as has been reported by Colonel Warren, Fifth New York Volunteers, commanding the Volunteer Reserve Brigade.

Upon the 20th of June I was ordered to bring up a battery of five 4 1/2-inch Rodman guns and one of five 30-pounder Parrotts, and to place them in position near New Bridge. The disembarkation of the guns and material at White House commenced on the 21st of June, and upon the 24th these guns were in position, with ammunition and material complete, in Batteries Sykes and Porter, under the command of Major Kellogg, and in charge of Company F, Captain Dow, Company D, Captain Cook, and Company B, Captain Brooker.

Gaines' Mill.-Upon June 25, under your direction, these batteries opened upon the rebel batteries on the opposite side of the Chickahominy, doing, as reported by the signal officer, much damage, dismounting the enemy's largest gun and compelling him to remove his camps.

Chickahominy.-Upon the 26th his batteries again opened, and at 6 p.m. of that day we moved across the Chickahominy, where they reported to General Smith. Here they were joined by two 10-pounder Whitworths, under Lieutenant Sedgwick, which had been brought round with their material by way of Baltimore Store and Bottom's Bridge. Upon the following day (June 27) these batteries were placed in position on Golding's Hill, commanding both banks of the Chickahominy, where they were fought during the day under a severe fire, and when the services of the guns could no longer be useful they were retired, and the companies formed by Major Kellogg and led into the line of infantry defending that position-a fact specially noticed by General Smith in his report. The casualties of this day were two men killed and wounded. I wish especially to call your attention to Lieutenant Sedgwick, in command of the two Whithworks, which with only 20 men he removed by hand a distance of 2 1/2 miles, the second gun being brought away when our pickets were retiring past the guns.

Upon the 20th of June the regiment was ordered to report to General Barry for duty as heavy artillery. The companies not in battery or in depot at White House were marched to Orchard Station by Lieutenant-Colonel White. The rapid advance of the enemy prevented the removal of my hospital from near Cold Harbor, where many of my sick, including two officers (Lieutenants Faxon and Harwood) and my hospital attendants, were taken prisoners. On the night of the 28th and the morning of the 29th the guns under Major Kellogg were successfully retired behind White Oak Swamp, where they joined the remainder of the siege train, which had been in position and in depot at Fair Oaks Station, in front of Sumner's corps, and commanded by Major Hemingway, under whose orders were Company E, Captain Rockwood; Company H, Captain Hubbard; Company K, Captain Ager. The successful removal of these guns and stores from Orchard Station

18 R R-VOL XI

