
is greatly due to the exertions of these officers; more especially of Captain Hubbard, who was left in charge of the rearmost train.

On the night of the 29th the train was retired from White Oak Swamp to Turkey Bend. On the 30th of June I received an order to report to you with such guns as there was still ammunition remaining for.

Malvern Hill.-During the night of June 30 five 4 1/2-inch Rodmans, five 30-pounder Parrotts, two 8-inch howitzers, and two 10-pounder Whitworths, manned by Companies F, D, B, K, and I, and commanded by Captains Dow, Cook, Brooker, and Ager, and Lieutenant Hatfield, under Majors Hemingway and Kellogg, were transported from the camp at Turkey Bend, and under difficulties which you will well understand were taken chiefly by hand up the steep ascent of Malvern Hill, with their ammunition and material, the companies working all night after their previous tedious marches. The guns occupied the heights of Malvern Hill, were served under your personal orders, and were said to have caused much destruction to the head of the enemy's approaching column.

The casualties of this day were one killed and three wounded. The companies, after working all the night of the 30th to place these guns in position and fighting them during the whole of the day of the 1st of July, spent that night in retiring the guns to the present depot, near Westover Landing. The remaining guns, the ammunition of which had been exhausted, were also safely and expeditiously retired to Harrison's Landing by the other companies under Lieutenant-Colonel White.

At Westover Landing we formed a junction with that portion of the regiment and of the siege train under the command of Major Doull which had been cut off at White House.

I would respectfully call your attention to the fact that all the ammunition used at Malvern Hill had been transported by way of Gaines' Mill, Savage Station, and White Oak Swamp to that place, and that the officers and men with the guns had been almost constantly laboring day and night from the 21st of June, and to the fact that out of twenty-six heavy guns twenty-five arrived safely at this place. This was accomplished under almost unheard of difficulties, with mule trains, constantly breaking down, driven by frightened citizen teamsters, who deserted whenever the fire became heavy. Frequently teams had to be pressed into the service to replace those which had been exhausted by the labor of drawing the guns, and sometimes for miles the guns were drawn by hand by the different companies of the regiment. One howitzer was abandoned near Savage Station, the carriage having become so disabled it was impossible to remove it. Under the direction of Lieutenant Jackson the carriage was burned and the howitzer rendered perfectly unserviceable.

To the field officers, company commanders, and men already mentioned I feel that a debt of gratitude is due for the immense labor they performed and the difficulties they cheerfully overcame. I wish, in addition, to mention the services of Lieutenant and Quartermaster Robins, Lieutenants Whittelsey and Jackson, acting ordnance officers, to whose energy the safe bringing through of the ammunition trains is mostly due, and also to bear testimony to the great assistance rendered me on all occasions by my adjutant, Lieutenant Pratt.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. O. TYLER,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

Major-General PORTER,

Commanding Fifth Provisional Army Corps.

