
CAVALRY.

9th New York.

SIEGE TRAIN.

Colonel R. O. TYLER.

1st Connecticut Heavy Artillery.

VOLUNTEER ENGINEER BRIGADE.

Brigadier General D. P. WOODBURY.

15th New York.

50th New York.

BATTALION UNITED STATES ENGINEERS.

Captain J. C. DUANE.

No. 2. Report of Brigadier General Oliver O. Howard,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Second Division (Richardson's), Second Corps, of operations April 4-7.
HDQRS. HOWARD'S BRIGADE, RICHARDSON'S DIVISION,Ship Point, Va., April 7, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report, in accordance with general orders from division headquarters, dated April 4, 1862, I embarked my brigade at Alexandria, as follows: The Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers and Sixty-first New York Volunteers on the Spaulding; six companies of the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers in the Donaldson, under Colonel Cross; four companies of same, in command of Lieutenant-Colonel Langley, on the Croton. The Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, detached by orders from headquarters army corps, had not arrived from Manassas. I took my headquarters on board the Spaulding, and said at 1.10 p.m. the 4th instant.

We arrived at Ford Monroe at 7.30 next morning, and were ordered by General McClellan, through General Van Vliet, to proceed without delay to Ship Point. Some delay was occasioned in procuring a pilot.

We left Old Point at 1 p.m. and reached this place at 3.15. I immediately apprised General McClellan of my arrival with the regiment, and received orders from him to remain in command at this post until relieved by a superior officer; to assist all in my power in improving the facilities for the transportation of supplies; to repair the road from this point to the Hampton and Yorktown road, and to ascertain the most feasible place of landing army supplies. I detailed Major Conner, with a force, to proceed and repair the road mentioned. I made a personal reconnaissance of the Poquosin River and became satisfied that this was the most practicable place for receiving supplies from water transportation. On the arrival of General Van Vliet I communicated with him, and ordered all the assistance I could in preparing a place for unloading the vessels.

In the mean time I received dispatches from General McClellan, urging

