
the facilitating of the means of transportation. I have detailed all the pioneers in General French's brigade and my own, who, under Major Parisen, of the Fifty-seventh New York, are now at work, in conjunction with Major Conner, on the road.

The larger part of Colonel Miller's regiment are and have been detailed to assist the landing of commissary stores, and Colonel Cone has assisted in the quartermaster's department.

General French, with three regiments and two companies of his fourth, arrived yesterday, the 6th, at 2 p.m., and disembarked as speedily as possible.

Six companies of the Fifth New Hampshire arrived this morning at 10 a.m., all of which are encamped in this immediate vicinity.

I have detailed Captain Sherlock as harbor-master of the port for the present and given him instructions.

I transmit a copy of the orders of General McClellan to me; also copy of instructions to the harbor-master.*

I have the honor, general, to turn over to you the command of the post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

No. 3. Report of Brigadier General Fitz John Porter,

U. S. Army, commanding division, of operations, April 4-6.
HDQRS. PORTER'S DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS,Camp Winfield Scott, near Yorktown, Va., April 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the commanding general, the operations of this division the march to this camp on the 4th and 5th instant. My report has been delayed for those of subordinate commanders.

In compliance with instructions from the commanding general this division, with Averell's Third Pennsylvania Cavalry temporarily attached, moved at 6 o'clock a.m., on the 4th instant to Big Bethel, Howard's [Harwood's] Bridge, and Cokletown, repairing at Bethel the bridge destroyed by the rebels and removing from the road near the first two places fallen timber. The obstacles caused a deadly of nearly four hours. At Howard's Bridge the enemy had two pieces of artillery in position, sustained by a small force of cavalry and 400 Mississippi infantry. After firing a few shots and receiving some from our artillery, these retired as our infantry advanced. Morell's brigade and Griffin's battery and a squadron of cavalry were sent forward to Cockletown to occupy the junction of the Yorktown and Ship Point roads, thus cutting off the garrison, if any, of Ship Point. This brigade also controlled the avenue of communication between Warwick Court-House and Yorktown. The remainder of the division camped at Howard's Bridge. Colonel Averell, with a portion of his cavalry, was dispatched to Ship Point to ascertain the character of the defenses and their garrison. He returned early in the evening and reported the place abandoned, the barracks, &amp;c., for 3,000 men being in excellent condition.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

