
of them will be realized. I wish here to express my thanks to Colonel Averell for services rendered by him in posting portions of the command and in conveying orders. His command was, from the character of the ground, necessarily inactive, and at an early hour in the day, after seeing to the proper disposition of his regiment, he joined me at the head of the column, where his services were the most available.

I wish here also to express my gratification at the admirable arrangements of the acting medical director, Surgeon Lyman, for the care of the wounded. Anticipating casualties, he prepared for the wounded, who were immediately properly provided for in comfortable quarters and with proper medical attendance. I cannot speak too highly of his forethought and attention to the wounded and sick.

All other members of my staff, the assistant adjutant-general, and aides, were engaged in conveying orders under exposure at times to great danger.

I regret to say that a few men were killed and wounded, but considering the fire of artillery and infantry to which the division was subjected the casualties were very few.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Third Army Corps, Camp Winfield Scott.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. THIRD CORPS, CAMP WINFIELD SCOTT,Near Yorktown, Va., April 24, 1862.

The advance from Hampton to the front of the rebel batteries at Yorktown was conducted with rapidity and skill. We were embarrassed by the want of guides and misled by unreliable maps. The conduct of the troops in front of Yorktown was all that could be desired. They were within easy range of the rebel guns for several days.

Respectfully forwarded.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp Winfield Scott, near Yorktown, May 2, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army. The alacrity and steadiness of the troops and the good conduct of the officers during the operations referred to have been such as to merit the approbation of the War Department.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 4. Reports of Brigadier General John H. Martinadale,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations April 4-7.
HDQRS. MARTINDALE'S BRIGADE, PORTER'S DIVISION,April 15, 1862.

Agreeably to the Regulations of the Army and in compliance with the notice sent from division headquarters, I have respectfully to report

---------------

*Nominal list omitted reports 4 killed and 31 wounded.

---------------

