
through the woods still farther to the left until an opening was reached from which the enemy was visible and assailable. The Second Maine, under Colonel Roberts, advanced to protect the left of the artillery thus sent forward, and the Twenty-second Massachusetts was placed so as effectually to cover the space intervening between the two positions occupied by our batteries; the Eighteenth Massachusetts and Twenty-fifth New York were deployed in line of battle parallel to the Warwick road, and skirmishers sent forward to penetrate the woods and reconnoiter the ground in our front. By this arrangement a line was covered by the skirmishers of my brigade extending from the peach orchard on the left of the Yorktown road and skirting the Warwick River to the vacant redoubt and from thence covering the front of the Twenty-second Massachusetts and Second Maine to the left of our batteries.

At about this time the Thirteenth New York advanced a reconnoitering party still farther to the left, and reported to me the condition of the ground in that direction. I was called upon by Professor Lowe for a force to cover his balloon and transports, and dispatched the Thirteenth New York for that purpose, which advanced, and likewise threw out skirmishers.

While in this position I was visited by the commanding general of the corps and of this division, to the latter of whom I explained the arrangements above described, which received his approval.

At this time Colonel Gove, commanding Twenty-second Massachusetts, sent a request to advance his reconnaissance still farther, which was acceded to with the sanction of the commanding general of division then on the ground. This reconnaissance, more than any other event of the afternoon, developed the intrepidity and discipline of my brigade. It was executed in a manner at once cool, discreet, and fearless; and although nine men were wounded, one wound being fatal, it is due to the care and control wielded by the commander that the loss of the regiment was not serious. In this movement Captain Wardwell, of the Twenty-second Massachusetts, deserves particular mention. The result of that reconnaissance in affording accurate knowledge of the line of the enemy's intrenchments appears in the report of Colonel Gove, to whom I think the commendation of the commanding general is due.

All of my regiments behaved well. The discipline to which they have been subject and its high utility were obvious at all times. Most of them had never before been under fire. If in the future they shall fulfill the expectations created by their steadiness on the 5th in stant the commanding general may rest on them in any emergency.

The post of danger and caution combined was taken by the Twenty-fifth New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson commanding. His report discloses that it was maintained with a cautions daring which gives assurance that his care for that regiment has not been misapplied. I believe that every man in my brigade on that day performed the duty and filled the place assigned to him.

Very respectfully,

JOHN H. MARTINDALE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Although not attached to my brigade, Martin's battery (Third Massachusetts) co-operated with it. After being posted by Captain Griffin, the steady courage of that battery and the quiet but determined

19 R R-VOL XI

