
and unflinching intrepidity of Captain Martin attracted general attention and admiration from my command.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN H. MARTINDALE,

Brigadier-General.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, PORTER'S DIVISION,Near Yorktown, April 11, 1862.

I have to call the attention of the commanding general of division, and through him of the commanding general of the corps d'armee and of this army, to the unfair accounts which some of the reporters on the march with us have been permitted to communicate to the public press of the transactions of Saturday last (the 5th instant). The correspondent of the Philadelphia Inquirer appears to have communicated the information of which I complain. This would be a matter of less moment if it was not understood that the communications sent North are subjected to a censorship to secure accuracy, and become therefore in a certain sense official.

The communication states that at 12.30 o'clock the heaviest firing commenced, and that Morell's brigade, on the left, advanced within three-fourths of a mile of the intrenched enemy; that "Butterfield's and Martindale's brigades were reclining on their arms throughout the day." It is not necessary to detract anything from the gallantry of General Morell's brigade in doing justice to the gentleman and regiments comprising my own. Now, it is know to the commanding general of this division that previous to the hour of 12 m., after following the baggage train of General Morell's brigade, which necessarily occupied the muddy road through which we marched, I reached his position in front of Yorktown followed by the Twenty-second Massachusetts and Second Maine Regiments in my command. Two regiments of Morell's brigade had been ordered to the left of the front by the commanding general of division, which I was directed at once to relieve. Before 12.30 o'clock the Twenty-second Massachusetts and Second Maine had relieved these regiments and occupied the left of the division line during all of the remaining time on that day and afterwards until yesterday, when by order of the general commanding we removed from the position then assigned to us. Not a shot was thrown from the intrenched batteries on the left; that General Morell's regiment had been relieved and took their position in front of Yorktown previous to the time, and then a heavy and rapid fire was opened on us. The Twenty-second Massachusetts and Secon Maine were immediately thrown forward, and the skirmishers of the first-named regiment advanced toward the fortifications. Instead of reclining on their arms, every regiment of my brigade, namely, the Eighteenth and Twenty-second Massachusetts, the Thirteenth and Twenty-fifth New York, and the Second Maine, had their skirmishers far in advance, and at the moment I am now writing the skirmishers of the Twenty-fifth New York still remain on the line then taken, and within 100 yards of the concealed road connecting the works on the left of Yorktown with the works near the town. Colonel Gove, commanding the Twenty-second Massachusetts, advanced within 800 yards of the enemy's works and supported Martin's and Griffin's batteries on the right and in advance

