
picket of 70 men, under command of Captain Weston. No casualty occurred during the day or night.

Sunday, April 6.- Early in the morning Captain Weston's picket was relieved by Company B, under command of Captain Ruby. At 11 o'clock a.m. the battalion was moved a few hundred yards to the right, where it pitched its camp in full view of the enemy's batteries. During the day one shell passed over the camp, and a number fell short of it, but in exact line.

Monday, April 7.-The weather was stormy. A picket of 20 men sent out.

Tuesday, April 8.-The cold easterly storm still continues. The same number sent out on picket as yesterday.

Wednesday, April 9.-The regiment was marched toward the river about a mile, and an encampment formed in a peach orchard. The same picket detail sent out as heretofore.

Thursday, April 10.-Seventy men were detailed to build a bridge, under charge of Major Hayes, over Wormley's Creek. The regiment was relieved from detailing the small picket.

Friday, April 11.-The same detail was made for bridge building. One hundred and fifty men were detailed, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Ingraham, to repair the New Landing road.

Saturday, April 12.-The same detail for building road and bridge was made as yesterday.

Sunday, April 13.-An outpost guard of 250 men were detailed and sent to the front, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Ingraham.

The bearing of the officers and men throughout all these occurrences has been such as to give me entire satisfaction.

Very respectfully,

JAMES BARNES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain CHARLES J. POWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, General Marindale's Brigade,

Porter's Division, Third Army Corps.

No. 7. Report of Colonel Jesse A. Gove,

Twenty-second Massachusetts Infantry, of operations April 4-12.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND MASSACHUSETTS REGIMENT,Camp before Yorktown, Va., April 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters of this date, requiring commanders of regiments to send in written reports of the events embraced within the time from Camp New Market to the present, &amp;c., I have the honor to make the following statement:

Pursuant to instructions received in the evening of April 3, on the morning of the 4th instant I struck camp and formed my regiment in column at 6 a.m., ready to move at the appointed hour. The brigade of which my regiment formed a part was delayed at the bridge across the southeast branch of Back River from that hour until 8.25 o'clock, partly in consequence of the passing column of General Morell's brigade, which in the general order was to march at 5 a.m., and partly by the baggage train of General Morell's and division headquarters. At

