
to within 600 yards, to the crest reached by the skirmishers, and with a suitable earthwork silence their guns.

A large body of infantry was observed in their works, apparently at evening parade, their band playing "Dixie." The sound of musket balls was distinctly discernible amid the crash of shot and shell, quite reaching us in our retirement. As soon as we got under cover they ceased firing. I remained in the woods until Sunday morning, about encamped near the house. At night I furnished a picket of 500 men, under the command of Major Tilton, who were stationed to the front and on the left of the Yorktown road, relieving the Forty-fourth New York, under command of Major Chapin.

On Tuesday, the 10th instant, moved with the bridge to the right of the road and in rear of Wormley's Creek.

On Friday morning furnished 300 men for picket, under Lieutenant-Colonel Griswold, and stationed to the front and right of the Yorktown road.

Respectfully submitted.

JESSE A. GOVE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain CHARLES J. POWERS,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. 1st Brigadier, Porter's Div., in Camp before Yorktown, Va.

No. 8. Report of Colonel Charles A. Johnson,

Twenty-fifth New York Infantry, of operations April 4-13.

HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH Regiment NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, April 13, 1862.

GENERAL: I herewith transmit a summary of events since leaving encampment near Hampton, Va.:

Early on the morning of Friday, April 4, together with the other regiments composing the First Brigade, we started on the main road leading to Yorktown. The road being in excellent condition, very little delay was occasioned on the march, and at noon we halted at Big Bethel for rest and partook of our rations. In the course of an hour our march was resumed, and we proceeded on unmolested, arriving at Howard's [Harwood's] Creek at about 5 p.m., and there bivouacked that night.

The following morning the regiment continued its march, but, owing to the bad condition of the road and a heavy rain-storm, made slower progress than on the preceding day, arriving at noon, however, in front of Yorktown.

The regiment was then drawn up in line of battle on the left of the road, while on the left of this line and perpendicular to it a part of Captain Martin's battery was drawn up, having a good range of the works of the enemy on the left. This battery opened fire upon them, to which they quickly responded, some of their shots passing over and some in front of my regiments, a piece of one falling at the feet of Lieutenant Bates, of Company I. At this time I ordered Captain Gleason, with Companies A and H, to move forward into the woods in front to ascertain if the enemy were in force near us. They encountered a deep morass and belt of fallen timber, through which they proceeded, and

