
driving the pickets of the enemy before them through a thick undergrowth of timber, came within full view of their long line of batteries and heavy breastworks.

Here, this side of a morass, beyond which they retreated, and within 50 yards of the enemy's pickets, was established my line, which was maintained by this regiment until April 10, at which time we were relieved from the division of General Hamilton, whose pickets at this point were driven in on the same day.

The firing on both sides was heavy during most of the afternoon, and the loss of Martin's battery was several killed and wounded. At about 5 p.m. it ceased, and the Twenty-fifth Regiment was withdrawn a short distance to the rear, and there bivouacked for the night, still in range of the enemy's guns, a line of pickets having been established, those from this regiment holding their original position and having the Eighteenth Massachusetts on their right, and those of the Twenty-second Massachusetts on their left.

The next day several shells passed over my encampment, and struck in the immediate vicinity. To get out of the range of their fire, by order of the general commanding the brigade I moved over to the right of the field and encamped in a small hollow. Nothing of particular interest occurred while there. My pickets, been in such close proximity to the rebels, discovered many things concerning their position, &amp;c., and exercised themselves diligently night and day in finding out their probable number and what they were doing, many narrowly escaping being killed by the shots of the enemy.

On the 10th instant I moved to the right of our position some distance, where we now are encamped, anxiously awaiting the signal for an attack.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. J0HNSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General J. H. MARTINADALE.

No. 9. Report of Brigadier General George W. Morell,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations April 4-9.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, F. J. PORTER'S DIV. 3rd ARMY CORPS,Camp Winfield Scott, before Yorktown, Va., April 21, 1862.

GENERAL: Pursuant to orders for the advance of the Army of the Potomac, my brigade, composed of the Fourteenth Regiment New York Volunteers, Colonel McQuade; Fourth Michigan, Colonel Woodbury; Ninth Massachusetts, Colonel Cass, and Sixty-second Pennsylvania, Colonel Black, moved from Camp No. 2, near Hampton, at 5 o'clock a.m. on the 4th current, preceded by Colonel Averell's cavalry and Colonel Berdan's Sharpshooters, and escorting Griffin's and Weeden's batteries of artillery. I marched to Big Bethel over the same route as in the reconnaissance of the 27th ultimo. Beyond Big Bethel the cavalry fell to the rear, the Sharpshooters, as skirmishers, continuing in front of my brigade, which had the honor of leading the column. A small body of the enemy's cavalry retired as we advanced, and though frequently in sight, kept out of reach.

As we approached Howard's Bridge over the Poquosin River I

