
as posted on Saturday (5th) bivouacked in the woods, extending from the White House toward Yorktown till Wednesday afternoon (9th), when they were ordered to the present encampment. During these four days they were without fire, except what was necessary to warm their rations, and although within close range of the enemy's guns escaped with 1 man, Private Tompkins, of the Fourth Michigan, severely wounded by the fragment of a shell. They were all raw troops, for the first time under fire, and yet I doubt if their patience and coolness could have been surpassed by veterans.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. MORELL,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General FITZ JOHN PORTER,

Commanding Division.

No. 10. Report of Brigadier General William F. Smith,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Fourth Corps, of operations April 4-12.
HEADQUARTERS SMITH'S DIVISION,Camp No. 4, Wener's, April 12, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with General Orders, No. 14, of the 10th instant, I have the honor to report for the information of the brigadier-general commanding the Fourth Army Corps that, in pursuance of instructions, the division under my command marched at 6 a.m. the 4th instant toward Yong's Mill. After crossing Watt's Creek the skirmishers frequently encountered the rebel pickets. Having proceeded about 2 miles, the country opened and Young's Mill appeared visible about 1,000 yards in advance of the woods. Having reconnoitered, and feeling satisfied that there were no heavy guns in position, I immediately deployed three regiments of the Second Brigade, and keeping two in reserve advance on the works, the enemy retiring out of them. Shots were exchanged, and one privates of the Fifth Vermont was shot through the shoulder.

On entering the works, which appeared well constructed, I found them deserted, apparently; fires were, however, burning, with rations half cooked, &amp;c. I then disposed of the command, sending pickets forward from the Second Brigade to guard the front toward Warwick Court-House, to the right from the First Brigade toward Big Bethel, and to the left from the Third Brigade to Deep Crek.

On the morning of the 5th the division proceeded in the direction of Williamsburg, the Second Brigade watching the road to Deep Creek, the Third Brigade in the center, with a regiment (the Seventh Maine) deployed as skirmishers to protect the front, and the First Brigade watching the right, and the rain began about 7 o'clock and continued pouring in torrents, rendering the roads well nigh impassable. On arriving at Warwick Court-House I pushed the Third Brigade across the stream with a battery (Captain Wheeler's), while I collected the remainder of the division in the open fields on the opposite side of the creek. After halting three-quarters of an hour I again put the division in motion (the roads were awful) and slowly proceeded on the march. After having advanced about 2 miles the fortifications around and about Lee's Mill came in sight. While flames appeared on all side, and until

