
two fires were brought to bear on the works, I was unable to decide whether the rebels were not evacuating the position. I immediately directed Brigadier-General Davidson to deploy his brigade out of sight along the edge of the woods, with orders to hold the front. The rebel fort on their right began to reply to our guns, on which I brought Captain Wheeler's battery out of action and then placed two guns to command the road out of sight. I then gave directions to Brigadier-General Hancock to cover our right flank, and in pursuance of such instructions the brigadier-general posted the Fifth Wisconsin on another road the right leading to Lee's Mill. I brought the Second Brigade, under Brigadier-General Brooks, up in reserve about half way through the woods, and then waited for instructions. These relative positions were held until the 7th instant.

On the evening of the 7th instant I moved the First and Second Brigades, together with the batteries, to the right, and occupied a position in the vicinity of their present encampments.

On the morning of the 11th the Third Brigade moved to its present position.

On the 7th [6th] instant a reconnaissance was made by my direction by Brigadier-General Hancock with two regiments (the Fifth Wisconsin and Sixth Maine), a report of which I inclose, marked A.*

On the 8th instant a reconnaissance was made under the direction of Lieutenant Comstock by the Sixth Maine, a report of which I inclose, marked B.

I would beg respectfully to call your attention to a report made by Brigadier-General Davidson, commanding Third Brigade, marked C, and a very careful report, marked D, of the operations of the artillery of the division made by Captain Ayres. The operations of both, as, indeed, of all the commanders, and the behavior of the division, commands my unqualified approbation.

The casualties up to this date are as follows: One officer (lieutenant, Thirty-third New York) and---privates wounded. Lieutenant Swan, of Company A, and Bugler Brown, of Company D, of the Seventh Maine, taken prisoners.

WM. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 11. Report of Colonel Hiram Berdan,

First United States Headquarters, of operations April 4-21.
HDQRS. FIRST Regiment BERDAN'S U. S. SHARPSHOOTERS,Camp Winfield Scott, April 21, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with General Orders, 115, I have the honor to submit the following report of the conduct of my regiment of Sharpshooters during the march from Camp No. 2, near Hampton, and the engagement on the 5th instant:

Our duties on the march were confined to skirmishing and clearing the woods along the road. But few rebels were seen, and those invariably mounted and keeping at a respectful distance. My whole command, both officers and men, behaved extremely well, and I could not have asked more cheerful compliance with or prompt execution of orders.

---------------

*Reports of Davidson (Numbers 16.) and Hancock (Numbers 18) the only inclosures found.

---------------

