
I could not ascertain certainly what execution our firing did. Most of our shot burst directly over their intrenchments, and I think they must have done injury to the enemy. After a short time the enemy slackened their fire. I then ceased firing, except a shot about one in ten or fifteen minutes. There was a large white frame house on my left and front. The enemy fired several shells inside of this house, evidently desirous of setting fire to it.

Some time after the fire slackened two or three regiments of infantry and some horsemen, with two or three wagons, were seen to leave the fort from their left. I fired a percussion shell at them, which burst directly in the column. I then threw three or four shrapnel, which burst over them. The column then took the double-quick and left.

Soon after this a portion of Captain Randolph's battery came to relieve me, but just as I was getting ready to move another column of infantry appeared on the left leaving the fort. I then threw one shrapnel, which burst in the column. I then rejoined my battery, the only casualties being 2 men killed and 3 wounded of Captain Martin's battery.

The conduct of my men during the action was all that could be desired.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. E. HAZLETT,

First Lieutenant, Fifth Artillery.

Captain CHARLES GRIFFIIN,

Chief of Artillery.

Numbers 14. Report of Captain Augustus P. Martin,

Battery C, Massachusetts Light Artillery, of operations April 5.

APRIL 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engagement of the battery under my command on the afternoon of the 5th instant:

About 2.30 o'clock p.m. the right half battery took a position on the Warwick road, within about 1,600 yards of the enemy's works and barracks, and immediately opened fire upon them, which was briskly returned for an hour, when the enemy and ourselves ceased firing, but the pieces remained in position until about 5 o'clock, when they were relieved by another battery. No injury or loss was sustained by the portion of the battery in this position. The left half battery, under command of First Lieutenant Dunn, was ordered to a position on the Warwick road about three-quarters of a mile south of the position of the right half battery-on a field, with one section of Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery-where they engaged the enemy for two or three hours at a distance of about 1,600 yards. The firing was very rapid on both sides. The enemy was very strongly fortified and well covered, while we were in an open space and exposed to view, without any covering whatever.

Two privates, named Charles L. Lord and Edwin N. Lewis, were killed; one corporal and two privates, named Corp. Charles H. Tucker and Privates Carey and Timothy Donahoe, were wounded, but their wounds were not of a serious character.

