
Numbers 16. Reports of Brigadier General John W. Davidson,

U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Fourth Corps, of operations April 5-12.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, SMITH'S DIVISION,Camp near Lee's Mill, Warwick River, Va., April 12, 1862.

SIR: Having been directed by the general commanding the division to furnish a report of the operations of my brigade from the 5th instant to the present time, I respectfully state as follows:

The advance of the division from Young's Mill was formed by my brigade, the Seventh Maine, Colonel Mason commanding, being deployed as a line of skirmishers in front, with a section of Kennedy's battery, Lieutenant Cowan, following the road; the Thirty-third New York Volunteers, Colonel Taylor, Seventy-seventh New York, Colonel McKean, and Forty-ninth New York, Lieutenant Alberger, in the order named, moving in rear of this advance in column.

About 4 miles from Young's Mill, at 11 a.m., the enemy's pickets were driven in, exchanging occasional shots with our skirmishers,a nd a mile and a half farther on through a dense woods we came in sight over an open space of the position of the enemy's line of earthworks in our front. The Seventh Maine, as skirmishers, were halted in the edge of the woods, about 950 yards from these works, the section of artillery placed in battery, and the Thirty-third, Seventy-seventh, and Forty-ninth New York formed rapidly in line under the fire of the enemy's shell and canister. The left of the Seventh Maine was in an exposed position, being about 500 yards from the smaller work, but partially concealed by the woods. Wheeler's battery, which followed my brigade, came into position on the right and left of our road and opened on the enemy. My aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Long, of the Thirty-third New York, who had climbed a tree for observation upon our left, reporting to me that two regiments were moving down upon our left flank, Lieutenant-Colonel Alberger (Forty-ninth New York) was thrown back at an obtuse angle with the rest of my line to meet their intentions. With these dispositions we awaited the arrival and reconnaissance of General Smith.

The troops of my brigade maintained their position as above stated until 7 p.m. of the evening of the 7th, when they were withdrawn about one mile farther to the rear.

My casualties were:

Killed. Wounded.

Officers.................................. - 2

Corporals................................. 1 -

Privates.................................. 2 10

--- ---

Total..................................... 3 12

The Forty-ninth Regiment and a company of the Thirty-third New York-the latter under Lieutenant Corning-were much exposed to the fire of the enemy's rifle pits while we lay in position.

I regret to state that Lieutenant Swan, Company A, and Bugler Brown, Company D, Seventh Maine, were captured by the enemy on the 5th instant, being separated from their comrades by a swamp while skirmishing.

I desire to bring specially to the notice of the general the cheerful obedience and fortitude of the regiments of my brigade, lying, as they

