
did, for fifty-four hours under the close artillery fire of the enemy, two nights of it exposed to a violent storm, without an opportunity of exchanging a shot, except from light field pieces, and bearing, some regiments of it, thirty-six hours' duty to the front as skirmishers, and willing for more. I think the general commanding this division may well be proud of them, as I am, and trust to the successful exhibition of their other soldierly-qualities we meet the enemy closer.

My staff, Adjutant-General Griffing, Captain Martindale, Surgeon Herrick, Captain Russell, and Lieutenants Long and Cameron, were actively engaged during the whole time in conveying necessary orders and posting regiments when required.

I have no distinction to make among the regiments of my brigade. The duties of some were necessarily more arduous than those of others, and led them into more exposed positions, but when all behaved alike with the greatest, gallantry, obedience, and fortitude they are all equally deserving of my warmest gratitude and confidence, and I desire so to present them to the commanding general.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain L. D. H. CURRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Copy respectfully inclosed for the information of Colonel Taylor, Thirty-third New York; Lieutenant-Colonel Alberger, Forty-ninth New York; Colonel Mason, Seventh Maine, and Colonel J. B. McKean, Seventy-seventh New York, who are requested to have above report read to their regiments as a mark of my sense of their soldiership.

Numbers 17. Report of Brigadier General John J. Peck,

U. S. Army, of operations April 5-30.
HDQRS. PECK'S BRIGADE, CAMP WINFIELD SCOTT, VA.,Near Warwick River, April 30, 1862.

My brigade took position near the Warwick River after dark on the 5th instant.

On the 7th I made a reconnaissance of this river down to the James. From its depth and breadth I found the enemy's vessels could control the navigation and reach our lines with heavy guns. To secure our left flank from a gunboat attack I constructed batteries Ira Harris and Couch near the junction of Mill Creek with the Warwick. Since their completion rebel craft have not ventured nearer than the James River These, with four additional works near the edge of the river, have also forced the enemy's camps and picket line a long distance back from the Warwick and materially interrupted his communications. This view is strengthened by the fact that within eight or ten days the enemy's heavier vessels have been seeking positions higher up on the river side of Mulberry Island, from which to reach my lines; 6-inch elongated shells have been thrown from them over the advance batteries.

My armament consists of eight 10-pounders, altogether too light for the proper service of the several batteries. With a small number (say two) of 8-inch howitzers and two 8-inch mortars I could command

