
nia, Colonel McLane, and Lieutenant-Colonel Vincent; Twelfth New York, Colonel Weeks,, Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson, and Major Barnum; Thirteenth New York, Colonel E. G. Marshall; Seventeenth New York, Colonel H. S. Lansing; Fourteenth New York, Colonel McQuade; Forty-fourth New York, Colonel Stryker, and Lieutenant-Colonel Rice; Twenty-fifth New York, Colonel Johnson; Berdan Sharpshooters, Colonel Berdan and Lieutenant-Colonel Ripley. the last two deserve great credit throughout the siege for pushing forward the rifle pits close to the enemy's works and keeping down the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters.

I desire also to express my gratification at the gallant and efficient service of the division artillery, under the immediate direction of Captain Charles Griffin, Fifth Artillery, whose reports of service rendered and losses in respective batteries were forwarded in proper time. Often exposed to a hot fire from the enemy, and meeting with some losses, these batteries were examples of superior discipline and instruction, and the conspicuous coolness, gallantry, bravery, and skill of the officers and men merited the highest commendation. These batteries were: D, Fifth Artillery, Captain Charles Griffin; C, Rhode Island Artillery, Captain Weeden; C and E, Massachusetts Artillery, commanded, respectively, by Capts. A. P. Martin and Allen.

Many officers of the regular artillery were employed, and rendered most efficient service in superintending the erection of batteries and magazines, laying platforms, mounting guns, &amp;c. In many instances they were specially under the direction of General Barnard, who, cognizant of their labors, I presume will give those officers due credit for their services. Those who came specially under my notice after I was appointed director of the siege were Lieutenants Kingsbury, Hazlett, Randol, Benjamin, Elder, Barlow, Dresser, Pennington, and Carroll. My aides-de-camp, Lieutenant McQuade, Fourteenth New York; George Monteith, Fourth Michigan; S. M. Weld, Eighteenth Massachusetts, were engaged night and day in carrying my orders, often under fire.

I desire to express my thanks to the major-general commanding for the loan of his aides, Captains Mason and Kirkland, who, with my aides, promptly carried and saw to the execution of my orders. During a few days near the close of the siege, while confined to my tent by illness, I had necessarily to rely upon these officers for information of the progress of the works, posting troops, the position, movements, and apparent intentions of the enemy, which, with the best of judgment, was obtained often by great exposure to the fire of the enemy.

Surgeon Lyman, medical director of the division, and his assistant, Brigade Surgeons Waters and Bentley, deserve the warmest commendation for their zeal, activity and forethought in establishing hospitals and their prompt and excellent care of the sick and wounded.

Captain C. B. Norton, division quartermaster, aided by Brigade Quartermasters Smith, McHarg, and Caslow, as also Brigade Commissaries McKelvy, Spear, and Walker, and Lieutenant Batchelder, ordnance officer, deserve high praise for their energy and judgment in procuring and keeping up under great difficulties the supplies of their respective departments, which were rarely deficient, and from which they were often able to supply the wants of adjacent commands.

Immediately after the occupation of Yorktown by my command I assigned, in compliance with orders, the Forty-fourth New York Volunteers to duty there, it being an excellent and reliable regiment, and, with another regiment designated by the major-general commanding, strong enough to hold Yorktown and Gloucester Point. That day

