
General Woodbury. Battery Numbers 1 was completed so as to afford shelter for the men. Battery Numbers 2 had not much progress made during the night, owing to the obstructions of roots and reluctance of men to work. Battery Numbers 3 was carried up sufficiently to afford shelter to the men. It is not known whether Battery Numbers 5 was commenced. It was laid out by Lieutenant Comstock, and an effort made by him to obtain a working party. General Woodbury reports three bridges over Wormley's Creek finished and roads leading to them nearly finished; 651 gabions made yesterday, making a total of 1,495. Colonel Alexander reports the roads over left branch of Wormley's Creek so far forwarded that they will be open throughout in another day. He was working 2,185 men.

Saturday, April 19.-General Woodbury reports 922 gabions made, making a total of 2,102, but as the general himself was called away, no particular report of bridges and roads was made. Same remarks as to Colonel Alexander. Bridges and roads are believed to be so far advanced as to render all siege operations practicable. Captain Duane reports as follows: (Report dated April 19.)

The state of the batteries now in construction my charge: Battery Numbers 1.-This battery was begun last night at 8 p.m., and the parapet is now essentially completed. The magazine framing is in position and ready to be covered with earth. Platforms are in readiness to be put down, and this work will be begun at once. Battery No. 2.-This was begun at 9 p.m. of the 18th, but owing to the detail of working parties not being continuous and the men idle, the progress has been unsatisfactory. No fascines or gabions have been supplied, thus causing further delay. Battery Numbers 3 begun at 9 p.m. of the 18th; lower tier of gabions placed and earth raised somewhat higher than their tops before daylight; some gabions of second tier placed. No fascines were furnished and the supply of gabions was insufficient; men did not work well; no working party to-day. Battery Numbers 6 (corner of Warwick and Yorktown roads) begun at 12 p.m. of the 18th, and the men worked well; parapet about at height of sole of embrasure; no gabions or fascines furnished and no working party to-day.

Sunday, April 20.-Battery Numbers 1 reported essentially finished; magazine made; some finishing-off work to be done; the artillery laying platforms and mounting guns. Battery Numbers 2 well advanced; both tiers of gabions up; excavation of magazine commenced; in readiness for commencing gun-platforms. Battery Numbers 3, epaulements, with one tier of gabions and revetments, thrown up during the night. Work prevented during the day by its occupation by an artillery company. Battery Numbers 4, position selected in ravine leading from Wormley's Creek to Moore's house; to be commenced on the morning of the 21st. Battery Numbers 5, site selected; to be commenced on the morning of the 21st. Battery Numbers 6, an epaulement thrown up, but the work did not progress satisfactorily during the night, nor did the working parties during the day get on until a late hour. Batteries Nos. 7 and 8, no report as to their condition. The report of General Woodbury is received. He has 296 men employed in making gabions and fascines; 1,962 of the former have been made; 1,180 have been delivered and 782 remain on hand. Four officers of the Fiftieth New York Volunteers are employed in superintending road-making on the north side of Wormley's Creek, above the upper pontoon bridge. General Woodbury reports three pontoon bridges, one crib bridge, and one floating bridge over the west branch of Wormley's Creek, besides the mill-dam and any bridge above. The abutments of one other bridge are complete; the roads well advanced trestle bridge on south branch of Wormley's, near its mouth, under way, but will not be completed for some days. Any cannon required for the next few days must be taken around the old road. Colonel Alexander's reports for the 19th and 20th refer to the work upon the roads in the vicinity of the mill-dam leading from the bridges below to the

