
Wednesday, April 23.-Battery Numbers 1 finished; a second magazine for shell commenced. Battery Numbers 2: the magazine finished, the terreplein graded, and trees in parapet cut down; Battery Numbers 3: the revetment of this battery was taken down and rebuilt during the night. Battery Numbers 5, revetment finished and magazine commenced. Battery Numbers 6 finished. One embrasure in Numbers 3 was injured by the explosion of a shell, but was been repaired. One thousand seven hundred and eighty men, with 63 commissioned officers, were employed on that portion of military road which is under the charge of Lieutenant McAlester, Engineers; for the last twenty-four hours 145 axmen employed on bridges, and the remainder, with picks, shovels, and wheelbarrows were excavating, embanking, and finishing. Considerable progress was made in covering bridges, but eight of the nine are yet incomplete. The earth work is now in progress throughout the whole extent; about one third remains to be finished, trimmed, and drained. Those side issues leading from left branch through secondary ravines up to the plateau (two to the front and one to the rear) were commenced yesterday and proceeded with to-day. General Woodbury report 510 officers and men making gabions, &amp;c., and two companies employed on Mortar Battery Numbers 4; two companies employed on crib bridge west branch of Wormley's Creek, and about 160 men at work on bridge of the south branch. Four hundred and sixty-four gabions were made yesterday and 302 issued; remaining on hand, 1,151. Three hundred and forty-eight fascines are on hand yet; 45 issued yesterday. I transmit a copy of a letter received last evening from General Woodbury:

GENERAL: In reply to yours of date, relative to sand bags, gabions, &c., I have the honor to state two engineer depots have thus far been established, one at the brigade headquarters and one at the steam saw-mill, and officers appointed to take charge of them. With reference to the sand bags, there are at Captain Duane's camp 12,500; at Ship Point, 90,000; brought by steamer Thorn,---; brought by steamer Thomas Swann, 11,000; total, 113,500.

A portion of these are on the way to the engineer depot at this camp; the rest will be brought up to-morrow. The schooner Hunress has also arrived with a cargo of intrenching tools, which will be brought to the engineer depot as soon as transportation can be obtained.

Respectfully,

D. O. WOODBURY,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel J. McLeod Murphy, of the Fifteenth Regiment New York Volunteer Engineers, reports that he, with 300 men, go this morning to join General Franklin, in accordance with letter of Assistant Adjutant-General's Office of yesterday. He desired the services of Lieutenant Farrell, Fifteenth Regiment, which was granted. The report of Captain Brainerd, Fiftieth Regiment New York Volunteers, states that about 200 men of the Seventy-fourth New York Volunteers positively refused to work night before last, and returned to their camp about 9 p.m. The report is forwarded through the Adjutant-General's Office.

Thursday, April 24.-General Woodbury's command has 300 men employed making gabions, fascines, &c.; 133 men on Mortar Battery Numbers 4, and about 200 men on bridges. Colonel Murphy, with 300 men, on detached service. Ten hundred and ninety-eight gabions and 243 fascines remain on hand. The northern approach to the upper pontoon bridge, 1,200 feet in length, is nearly finished, and will be completed probably to-morrow. Crib bridge, floating bridge, and middle pontoon bridge are all in working order. The crib below the middle pontoon bridge will be built as soon as possible. The materials have been cut and floated to the site. Mortar Battery Numbers 4 is prepared for the plat-

