
forms. By to-night all will be done that can be accomplished on the battery, before the platforms arrive. Lieutenant McAlester reports 1,668 officers and men employed on military roads. The road below the dam is now completed to within about 300 yards of lower terminus, the point limiting the portion under his supervision. One branch is made, leading from the main road below the dam up to the plateau in front. The road in right-branch ravine is completed, except the covering of the two bridges. These, together with those on four side issues upon the plateau in front, which were commenced yesterday, will be finished to-day. The covering of three bridges in left-branch ravine and the earthwork of the branch road leading up to the plateau in rear yet incomplete. This work, together with some trimming and draining on this part of the road, will be finished to-day. The roads in the two branch ravines above dam, with the secondary roads leading up to the plateau, will therefore be completed to-day. Lieutenant McAlester doubts whether the bridges at the dam will be finished to-night. Lieutenant Abbot, topographical engineer, aide-de-camp, was yesterday directed to inspect the road and bridges. He reports that the road from the upper pontoon bridge to the mill and thence up the right-hand ravine is passable to a point where the plateau can be reached, except at the three culverts, which will doubtless be done to-day. From the mill the road up the left-hand ravine via the old dam, up the long ravine, is completed, except a space of a couple of hundred yards at the crossing of the stream just before reaching the terminus of the old Secession road to the springs. This place ought to be completed to-day. All three roads should be rounded up in the middle and ditched on the bluff side. I have ordered this to be done as directed.

Bridges.-The old dam bridge is well advanced, but will require another day's labor. The crib work is put up and covered with brush, but the want of wheelbarrows delays the covering with earth; approaches good. The mill-dam bridge is unfinished. A frame-work of logs and some brush covering to widen it is completed, but much dirt must be thrown on it before it is ready for any but infantry use. One or two days at least, without carts, will be required; approaches good. Upper pontoon bridge in proper order, except a dirt covering, very necessary to prevent the noise of crossing artillery being made. Frame bridge completed, except a debouche to the road to the mill on the north side of the creek. This is absolutely essential. Raft bridge worthless except for infantry, for want of buoyancy. A regiment has crossed in open order; approaches bad; 180 pontoons below raft in fine order; excellent approaches; to be covered with dirt. Pontoon bridge below raft. Abutments laid in approaches dug, but no bridge. Pontoon bridge near Harris' house completed, but requires some little filling to connect the abutments with the approaches for wagons; to be covered with dirt. Frame bridge across east branch of Wormley's Creek not more than half done. Approaches good on south end, but incomplete on north end. I think several days will be required to finish this bridge. Captain Stewart reports that 300 men were working on the rifle pits and 200 men were employed in thickening the parapet and placing rough corduroy platforms in Battery Numbers 7, which is still incomplete and will require much labor. Six guns are now on the rough platforms. The embrasures of Numbers 8 are not wholly reverted. At General Smith's position (by Garrow's) a rifle pit has been uncovered and carried on near the water to the right and front of the batteries, and he intends forming obstructions of abatis to the right of them in the woods. Captain Smith reports that the enemy appear to be busy

