
into camp, and preparations were at once commenced for the siege. From this date until April 10 active reconnaissances of the enemy's line and works were pushed by the commanding general. By his orders I examined the various inlets and creeks for the purpose of selecting a suitable place for landing the siege train. Cheeseman's Creek, an affluent of the Poquosin River, about 2 1/2 miles from the proposed location of our works, was selected as possessing the greatest advantages of deep water, a good landing, and facility of approach. The siege train depot was established in a large open field about one and a half miles from the landing and at the junction of the roads forming the approaches to the various batteries. The siege train consisted of 101 pieces, as follows, viz: Two 200-pounder Parrott rifled guns, eleven 100-pounder Parrott rifled guns, thirteen 30-pounder Parrott rifled guns, twenty-two 20-pounder Parrott rifled guns, ten 4 1/2-inch rifled siege guns, ten 13-inch sea-coast mortars, ten 10-inch sea-coast mortars, fifteen 10-inch siege mortars, five 8-inch siege mortars, and three 8-inch siege howitzers. Three field batteries of 12-pounders were likewise made use of as guns of position.

To serve this siege train the First Connecticut Artillery, Colonel R. O. Tyler, (1,400 men), and the fifth New York Volunteers, Colonel Warren (800 men), were placed under my orders. Upon consultation with the commanding general and the chief engineer (General Barnard) the following location of batteries and distribution of guns was decided upon:

BATTERY Numbers 1.

In front of Farinholt's house, on the right bank of Wormley's Creek, and at its junction with York River, to command the water front of Yorktown and Gloucester and the extreme left of the enemy's land-side works.

Distance.-Five thousand yards to work on Gloucester Point; 4,800 yards to Yorktown wharf; 4,000 yards to center of Yorktown; 3,800 yards to enemy's long-range rifled guns on the high bastion.

Armament.-Two 200-pounder Parrott rifled guns; five 100-pounder Parrott rifled guns.

Garrison.-One battery, First Connecticut Artillery (Captain Burke), Major Kellogg commanding.

BATTERY Numbers 2.

In front of the enemy's line bearing on Yorktown and Hampton stage road in first parallel.

Distance.-One thousand eight hundred yards to Red Redoubt (left); 1,900 yards to enemy's long-range rifled guns on high bastion (right).

Armament.-Three 4 1/2-inch rifled siege guns; six 30-pounder Parrotts; six 20-pounder Parrotts.

Garrison.-Two batteries First Connecticut Artillery; one battery First Battalion New York Artillery; Major Hemingway, First Connecticut Artillery, commanding.

BATTERY Numbers 3.

In first parallel 200 yards to the left of Battery Numbers 2.

Distance.-One thousand nine hundred yards to Red Redoubt; 2,300 yards to enemy's long-range rifled guns in high bastion.

