
acting as infantry, the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Weeden's Rhode Island Battery, moved from his station at Old Church by a road running to Hanover Court-House parallel to the Pamunkey.

After a fatiguing march of 14 miles through the mud and rain General Emory at noon reached a point about 2 miles from Hanover Court-House where the road forks to Ashland, and found a portion of the enemy formed in line across the Hanover Court-House road.

General Emory had before this been joined by the Twenty-fifth New York (of Martindale's brigade) and Berdan's Sharpshooters. These regiments were deployed, with a section of Benson's battery, and advanced slowly toward the enemy until re-enforced by General Butterfield with four regiments of his brigade, when the enemy was charged and quickly routed, one of gins being captured by the Seventeenth New York, under Colonel Lansing, after having been disabled by the fire of Benson's battery. The firing here lasted about an hour. The cavalry and Benson's battery were immediately ordered in pursuit, followed by Morell's infantry and artillery, with the exception of Martindale's brigade. Warren's brigade having been delayed by repairing bridges,&amp;c., now arrived, too late to participate in this affair. A portion of this command was sent to the Pamunkey to destroy bridges, and captured quite a number of prisoners. The remainder followed Morell's division. In the mean time General Martindale, with the few remaining regiments of his brigade and a section of artillery, advanced on the Ashland road, and found a force of the enemy's infantry, cavalry, and artillery in position near Peake's Station, on the Virginia Central Railroad. He soon forced them to retire toward Ashland.

The Twenty-fifth New York having been ordered to rejoin him, General Martindale was directed to form his brigade and move up the railroad to rejoin the rest of the command at Hanover Court-House. He sent one regiment up the railroad, but remained with the Second Maine, afterward joined by the Twenty-fifth New York, to guard the rear of the main column.

The enemy soon returned to attack General Martindale, who at once formed the Second Maine, Twenty-fifth New York, and a portion of the Forty-fourth New York, with one section of Martin's battery, on the New Bridge road, facing his own position of the morning, and then held his ground for an hour against large odds until

re-enforced.

General Porter was at Hanover Court-House, near the head of his column, when he learned that the rear had been attacked by a large force. He at once faced the whole column about, recalled the cavalry sent in pursuit toward Ashland, moved the Thirteenth and Fourteenth New York and Griffin's battery direct to Martindale's assistance, pushed the Ninth Massachusetts and Sixty-second Pennsylvania, of McQuade's brigade, through the woods on the right (our original left), and attacked the flank of the enemy, while Butterfield, with the Eighty-third Pennsylvania and Sixteenth Michigan, hastened toward the scene of action by the railroad and through the woods farther to the right, and completed the rout of the enemy. During the remainder of this and the following day our cavalry was active in the pursuit, taking a number of prisoners. Captain Harrison, of the Fifth U. S. Cavalry, with a single company, brought in as prisoners two entire companies of infantry, with their arms and ammunition. A part of Rush's Lancers also captured an entire company, with their arms.

The immediate results of these affairs were some 200 of the enemy's dead buried by our troops, 730 prisoners sent to the rear, one

12-pounder howitzer, one caisson, a large number of small-arms, and two

