
Friday, May 2, 1862.-Battery Numbers 1. Repairs made to the platforms. Sixty shot and shell fired at the enemy's wharf and water battery with apparent good effect. The long-range guns in the enemy's high bastion is believed to have burst.

Battery Numbers 2 Mantelets put up in embrasures. One 4 1/2-inch gun transferred to Battery Numbers 10.

Batteries Nos. 3,5, and 6. No change.

Battery Numbers 4. Three 13-inch mortars and three beds disembarked, four platforms laid, and three mortars mounted.

Battery Numbers 9. Six platforms laid. Six 10-inch siege mortars mounted.

Battery Numbers 10. Three platforms for 100-pounders laid. Three chassis for 100-pounders in position.

Battery Numbers 11. Four platforms for 10-inch sea-coast mortars laid; ninety shell received.

Battery Numbers 12. Five platforms for siege mortars laid and two 10-inch mortars placed in position.

Battery Numbers 13. Not yet ready.

Battery Numbers 14. Platforms for two 100-pounders carried into battery; three chassis and three upper carriages for do. received. Two 8-inch mortars, 100 shell, 8 barrels of gunpowder, and implements and equipments for same, sent to headquarters of General Smith.

Cheeseman's Landing. Six chassis for 100-pounders; six carriages for do. landed and sent to depot. Large quantity of implements, ammunition and ordnance stores landed and sent to depot. I have again most urgently to request that a strong working party be sent to complete the road in rear of Battery Numbers 2.

Saturday, May 3.-Battery Numbers 1. Thirty-four shot and shell fired at big gun bastion and water battery, with very good effect at the latter.

Battery Numbers 2. Completed the setting up of the mantelets. A working party on the road from 12 m. until 5 p.m.

Battery Numbers 3. Completed setting up of mantelets. One 20-pounder platform laid and one additional 20-pounder gun placed in position.

Battery Numbers 4. This battery was entirely completed, platforms all laid, and mortars all mounted at 9 o'clock a.m. One hundred barrels of powder placed in magazine; implements and equipments supplied. The battery is now ready for service.

Battery Numbers 5. Two additional 20-pounder guns placed in position.

Battery Numbers 6. Supplied with platforms and with 634 10-inch shells.

Battery Numbers 10. Laying platforms for 100-pounder and placing chassis and carriages for ditto in position. Two badly-directed shots from Numbers I dropped shells into this battery to-day, of which one exploded, fortunately without injury to any one.

Battery Numbers 11. Remaining platforms laid and ready for mortars. Magazine completed. Two beds and one 10-inch sea-coast mortar hauled in an placed in position. One hundred more shell received. Twenty-five barrels powder placed in magazine, with implements, equipments, &amp;c. This battery will be fully ready for service in twelve hours more.

Battery Numbers 12. Remaining platforms laid and the mortars all mounted and placed in position. Magazine completed and supplied with powder, fuses, implements, and equipments. This battery is now fully ready for service.

Battery Numbers 13. Engineer work not yet completed. Armament, garrison, and all artillery equipment and supply in waiting. The battery can be made ready for service in six hours after the engineers turn it over to the artillery.

Battery Numbers 14. Platforms laid for three 100-pounder Parrotts, and

