
On the 24th Captain Smead, with one section, of his own battery (light 12-pounders), one section of Voegelee's, and one of Knieriem's (20-pounder Parrots) occupied the earthworks (Numbers 7.) to cover a reconnaissance made by Colonel Gove, Twenty-second Massachusetts Volunteers. After the reconnaissance was successfully accomplished the guns were withdrawn under the enemy's fire. No casualties.

On the 25th Diederichs' battery, re-enforced by a section of Knieriem's (six 20-pounder Parrotts), was placed in position in Battery Numbers 2., and Carlisle's battery occupied Battery Numbers 5, which position they still hold. Voegelee, having laid the necessary platforms and the works being completed, occupies Numbers 3. I inclose herewith the reports of the officers commanding the batteries above referred to.*

Early in the week the cannoneers of two batteries at a time were detailed daily for making gabions and fascines, under direction of General Woodbury.

On Friday this detail was discontinued and the work was commenced in the batteries.

On Friday and Saturday 	158 gabions and 11 fascines were prepared. As soon as the necessary preparation can be made and the material procured a regular supply of these articles can be furnished by the batteries not otherwise employed. A number of officers have been daily detailed as assistants in the construction of works, and two officers (Lieutenants Dresser, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and Sinclair, Third U. S. Artillery), are now regularly detailed for engineer duty and employed in the construction of redoubts. The reserve has furnished day and night the teams and drivers necessary for hauling the siege guns, mortars, and material from the landings to the depot and from the depot to the different batteries.

Respectfully your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Colonel, Commanding.

General W. F. BARRY.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY RESERVE, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp Winfield Scott, near Yorktown, Va., May 4, 1862

Since my report of April 27 Diederich's battery, with one section of Knieriem's, has continued to occupy Earthwork Numbers 2. During this time, down to the morning of the 4th instant, when the enemy evacuated his positions, firing between this battery and the enemy has taken place at intervals night and day.

On the 1 st instant the cheek of one of his pieces was somewhat damaged by a shot. No other injury done the battery.

On the 28th, the work being finished and the platforms laid by his cannoneers, Voegelee's battery reoccupied Earthwork Numbers 3. Firing between the work and the enemy's batteries took place daily, but nothing of moment occurred. The work was frequently damaged by the enemy's shot and shell and repaired by the labor of the cannoneers.

On the 1st and 2nd the enemy's fire was very heavy.

On the 3rd mantelets were placed in the embrasures and two more platforms laid for additional guns.

On April 28, on the application of Brigadier General F. J. Porter, director of the siege, two sections of Grimm's battery, First Battalion New York

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

