
Artillery (Brickel's), re-enforced by a section of Knieriem's (20-pounder Parrotts), took position, the first in the open in front of Redoubt A, the section of 20-pounders behind the section of the parallel running from the same redoubt, and engaged the enemy's battery near Wynn's Mill. After a brisk firing the enemy's guns were silenced and Grimm's guns withdrawn.

General Porter speaks in terms of praise as to the conduct of the officers and men.

The 20-pounders remained in position until Redoubt A was occupied by three light 12-pounders of Howe's battery, under Lieutenant Morgan, Fourth U. S. Artillery, of Howe's battery.

On April 29, about 8 p.m., three light 12-pounders of Howe's battery were placed in position in Redoubt A by Lieutenant Morgan, who had been engaged during the day with his cannoneers in making a ramp, laying a platform, &amp;c. As soon as they were in position the 20-pounders of Knieriem's battery were withdrawn from the parallel in front.

From this date until yesterday firing took place between this redoubt and the enemy's works. No damage was done to the work or the guns. The fire of Morgan's guns dispersed parties of workmen and twice drove off a gun placed so as to command his position. During the period merlons were constructed of sand bags, so as to protect the guns without interfering with the field of fire.

Carlisle's battery has occupied earthwork Numbers 5 from the time of its completion to the date of the withdrawal of the enemy's force.

During the week Brevet Captain Pennington, Lieutenants Wilson, Barlow, and Hains, Second U. S. Artillery; Sinclair, Third U. S. Artillery; Dresser, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and Ames and Watson, of the Fifth U. S. Artillery, have been detailed for engineer duty, and engaged in the construction of works, magazines, &c. Other officers were detailed as assistants to these. The officers and men not detailed from the reserve on battery or other duty have been engaged in the fabrication of gabions, fascines, &c., under direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Getty, U. S. Army.

The teams have been used daily for hauling siege guns, mortars, material, and munitions, as during last week.

The services required of the reserve were well performed,and it is now ready for any armed service required of it.

The subjoined reports of the officers commanding batteries are transmitted with this. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[HENRY J. HUNT,]

Colonel, Commanding Artillery Reserve.]

Brigadier General W. F. BARRY.

HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY RESERVE.

Camp Lincoln, Va., June 25, 1862

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state the service of the artillery reserve since my last report, dated May 4. At that time Robertson's battery was still detached with General Stoneman and remained absent until the 31st. He was engaged with the enemy on the 9th near Slatersville, and again at Hogan's, near New Bridge, on the 23d, with

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

