
marked success, and on the 23d, together with Tidball's battery, he was engaged at Ellison's Mill. On the 15th of May Tidball's battery was detached to Stoneman's advance, and engaged the enemy at New Bridge on the 23d, drove him from his position, and again engaged him near the bridge on Bell's Creek with success. On the 24th one of his sections, under Brevet Captain Pennington, Second Artillery, was detached for service with General Davidson at Mechanicsville. Benson's battery was detached on the 27th of May for service with General Porter, and took an active part in the battle of Hanover Court-House and the operations connected with it, during which he engaged and silenced a battery and drove it off, and so crippled one of its pieces, a howitzer, that it fell into our hands.

Fort the particulars of those affairs and the losses I respectfully refer you to the reports of Lieutenant-Colonel Hays, commanding the horse artillery; Captains Robertson, Benson, and Tidball, commanding batteries; First Lieutenant and Brevet Captain Pennington, Second Artillery, commanding a section whilst detached, which reports are inclosed herewith.*

The reports as to the conduct of officers and men are uniformly good. From the period at which the army occupied the position at New Bridge the artillery reserve furnished batteries for the protection of the bridges and working parties, occupied the positions commanding the approaches of the enemy, and kept his troops in check. On many occasions this led to cannonades and artillery combats, but seldom to loss of life on our part.

On the 5th the enemy opened a heavy fire from several distinct points on our positions, principally upon that near the New Bridge occupied by Snow's battery, Maryland Artillery, attached to the reserve since June 2. The fire was answered with spirit by that battery, which, aided by the fire of the German 20-pounder Parrotts and Carlisle's guns, soon silenced their fire and drove them off. For the particulars of the action I refer to Captain Snow's report, transmitted herewith.#

On the 20th the firing from the enemy on Voegelee's battery of 20-pounders was especially active and destructive, killing 1 man and several horses. He also brought a large rifled gun or guns into play, making it necessary to throw up earthworks as cover. In all the operations of the batteries and men have behaved well, and cheerfully rendered the service required of the. For the names of those who distinguished themselves I respectfully refer to the reports transmitted herewith, and beg to call attention to the services of Lieutenant-Colonel Hays, aide-de-camp, whilst detached in command of the horse artillery.

On the 19th of May Weed's and Edwards' batteries were detached to join Sykes' brigade, with which they are still serving.

On the 2nd of June De Russy's battery of Napoleon guns was detached to Heintzelman's corps, and Petherbridge's brigade, consisting of Snow's and Wolcott's batteries of Maryland Artillery, joined.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp, Commanding Artillery Reserve.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.

---------------

*For reports of Benson, see pp. 694, 695; Tidball, p. 656; Pennington, p. 657, Volume XI, Part I. For reports of Hays, see p. 242. Robertson, p. 246, Volume XI, Part II,

#See pp. 1000, 1001.

---------------

23 R R-VOL XI

