
Numbers 27. Report of Colonel Charles T. Campbell,

Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry of skirmish of yesterday (11th) afternoon, in which my regiment was engaged.

The enemy were concealed in a peach orchard near the road leading to Yorktown and along a cross fence from a road toward the woods on the left-I should suppose about 600 or 700 strong. Their fire on our approach was very heavy from their cover and from their fort on the right, but they were soon compelled to cease and quit their cover by the well-directed fire of the Fifty-seventh. They returned towards the fort in very good order, though I am convinced their loss was heavy. The loss of the Fifty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers is 4 wounded.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CAMPBELL,

Colonel Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers.

General C. D. JAMESON,

Commanding First Brigade, Hamilton's Division.

Numbers 28. Report of Major General George B. McClellan,

U. S. Army, of the engagement at Lee's Mill, or Burnt Chimneys.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Camp Winfield Scott, near Yorktown, April 19, 1862

GENERAL: I have the honor to herewith to transmit reports explanatory of the operations of General W. F. Smith's division in the affair of the Burnt Chimneys, on the 16th instant. The report will explain the transaction with sufficient clearness. There are a few points to which I would call the attention of the Secretary. The object of the movements was to force the enemy to discontinue his work in strengthening his batteries, to silence his fire, and gain control of the dam existing at that point. All these purposes were fully and handsomely accomplished. Between the time when Lieutenant Noyes crossed and that when the skirmishers of the Third Vermont crossed the stream, the enemy had by some means considerably increased the dept of waters. It should be understood that a dense forest comes up to the very edge of the stream on the enemy's side, effectually concealing everything from view, and completely covering the rebel infantry.

The purposes of crossing the skirmishers was to ascertain the real state of the case on the enemy's side. There was no other way of obtaining the information. The loss sustained in accomplishing this is to be regretted, but was small in comparison with the importance of the object in view. The accompanying map will show the great importance of the position held by General Smith. The conduct of the officers and men on the 16th was admirable and deserves the highest commendation. It was the fortune of Mott's battery (Third New York

