
and one on the left, with eight embrasures, and one in the center, for four guns, each within 500 yards' range.

I regret that these operations could not be carried on without loss. I have not as yet been able to ascertain the exact amount, but believe that from 100 to 150 will cover the whole loss in killed, missing, and wounded.* Among the latter, I regret to say, is Lieutenant Merrill, of the Engineers, an officer who throughout the operation rendered me the most valuable assistance, and whose services I have to request may be replaced.

I have the thank every officer and soldier under my command. Their gallantry under fire was only equaled by their steadiness and ready obedience of orders.

When the detailed reports from the brigadier-generals and officers commanding independent corps come in I doubtless shall have several instances of services performed by individuals to bring to your notice.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

WM. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS SMITH'S DIVISION.

April 18, 1862

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, and in reply have to state that in pursuance of instructions conveyed by yourself I proceeded on the morning of the 16th instant to reconnoiter and interrupt the progress of the enemy's works in front of their battery known as the "one-gun battery" and its vicinity. With that view I advanced at 6 a.m. with the Second Brigade, under Brigadier-General Brooks, and one battery (Captain Mott's, Third New York Artillery), having the First Brigade, under Brigadier-General Hancock, in support, guarding the road from Four Corners to Lee's Mill, with two batteries (Captain Ayres', Fifth Artillery, and Captain Wheeler's, First New York Artillery), and the Third Brigade, under Brigadier-General Davidson, at the Four Corners, with one battery (Captain Kennedy's) in reserve.

On arrival at the opening of the woods on the road leading to the fort in question I directed Brigadier-General Brooks to send one regiment into some pines to the right and another to the left of the dam, with instructions to open fire if they found the enemy engaged on their works, and brought Captain Mott's battery into position in the woods on the right of the road, retaining the other three regiments in support. On the infantry opening fire the enemy replied with shrapnel and shell, upon which I directed Captain Mott to open fire, which he did with great effect, getting the range with wonderful accuracy. The enemy shelled the battery, one shell killing 3 men and wounding others. After about an hour the enemy were silenced,and I ordered the firing to cease. I then proceeded, having done all that my instructions directed, to reconnoiter, and I ascertained from personal observation that the gun in the angle of the upper work had been replaced by a wooden gun, and that scarcely anybody showed above the parapet, the skirmishers from the Fourth Vermont doing good execution.

About noon the general commanding in chief arrived on the field, and

---------------

*But see return of casualties, p. 367

---------------

