HEADQUARTERS SMITH'S DIVISION,April 24, 1862.

GENERAL: In continuance of my report of the 18th instant I have the honor now to inclose another letter from Brigadier-General Brooks, inclosing a list of the casualties of his brigade, as also a letter from Captain R. B. Ayres, Fifth Artillery, commanding the artillery of my division, both of which are deserving of the careful perusal of the major-general commanding.

I cannot conclude without bringing to the notice of the general-inc-chief the professional ability and experience displayed by Captain R. B. Ayres, Fifth Artillery, in all the arrangements made and carried into effect by him in relation to the artillery, the practice of which was excellent-a result I entirely attribute to his zealous exertions during the past six months.

I would also desire to mention Lieutenant Bowen, Topographical Engineers, who throughout the affair rendered me most efficient aid, and on one occasion was the means of conveying an order from me to the Fourth Vermont under a heavy fire, which order, I believe, was instrumental in saving many brave lives. Lieutenant Merrill I have before mentioned, who was wounded while with the line of skirmishers reconnoitering.

To all others, officers and men, my thanks are due for the zealous manner in which their duties were performed. I will only add that among the four companies of skirmishers of the Third Vermont Volunteers who crossed the creek there were more individual acts of heroism performed than I ever before read of in a great battle.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

WM. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Brigadier-General MARCY,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.

[Inclosure.]

Return of casualties in Smith's division.

Command.	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Aggreg

 	 	 	 ate

1st Brigade	 ----	 2	 ----	 2

2nd Brigade:

2nd Vermont	 1	 ----	 ----	 1

3rd Vermont	 23	 51	 9	 83

4th Vermont	 2	 10	 ---	 12

5th Vermont	 2	 6	 ----	 8

6th Vermont	 4	 44	 ---	 48

3rd Brigade	 ----	 ----	 ----	 ----

Batteries:

Ayres'	 ---	 1	 ---	 1

Mott's	 3	 7	 ----	 10

Total 	 35	 121	 9	 165

