
Numbers 30. Report of Captain Romeyn B. Ayres, Fifth

U. S. Artillery, Chief of Artillery Smith's division, of engagement at Lee's Mill, or

Burnt Chimneys.
HDQRS. LIGHT ARTILLERY, SMITH'S DIVISION,Camp near Lee's Mill, April 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that pursuant to orders the artillery of this division moved with it-Mott's battery with the leading brigade-and was brought into actio at different times during the day as follows: Mott's battery, on arriving in a position about 1,250 yards in front of the rebel works on Warwick Creek, occupied that position till about 2 o'clock p.m. when all the artillery (save one section of Kennedy's) was pushed forward into the field in front of the rebel works to within 900 yards. Firing was kept up from this position sufficient to prevent the enemy from working his guns to any extent. Later, some infantry being pushed forward on our left, I ordered the whole twenty pieces to open for their support. Still later, infantry being pushed forward on our right (Colonel Stoughton's regiment), the enemy lined the parapet with musketry and opened a terrific fire upon our troops. I immediately ordered all the guns to open with case-shot upon the enemy, firing over our troops. The result fully met my expectations, the rebels scarcely being able to get any shots to advantage, but firing over our troops, which were withdrawn with but slight damage.

It is believed that the enemy suffered severely. At one time we fired upon a regiment marching by flank, carrying away their colors and scattering them quickly. The position last taken up by the artillery is now occupied by ten pieces (four of them still more advanced) behind works thrown up night before last and night. From those positions occasional shots are thrown during the day and night. It will be seen from Captain Mott's report that his battery suffered severely, especially in their first position. The captain and all his officers and men bore themselves with gallantry. All the command conducted themselves with perfect coolness. The firing was admirable. First Lieutenant Charles Kusserow adjutant and inspector is again entitled to mention for his coolness and skill as an artillery officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. AYRES,

Captain Fifth Artillery, Commanding.

Captain L. D. H. CURRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Smith's Division

Numbers 31. Report of Captain Terence J. Kennedy,

First New York Battery, of engagement at Lee's Mill, or Burnt Chimneys.

IN BATTERY NEAR LEE'S MILL, VA.

April 17, 1862

SIR: I have to report that pursuant to your orders yesterday afternoon about 3 o'clock four guns of my battery (First New York Artillery) were placed in position on the right of our line of guns in front of

