
At about 2 p.m. the battery was ordered into the field closer to their batteries. The right section, by the report of its officer, expended in its second position 211 rounds shell and shrapnel,using 1 3/4 elevation and 1 1/2 second time, with good effect. The center section expended 42 spherical case (elevation and time 2 and 2 1/2), 20 shells, and 60 round solid shot, elevation 1 3/4 and 1 1/2. The left section expended 247 rounds shell and shrapnel; time 1 1/2 elevation 1 3/4.

the casualties of second position; 1 man and 1 horse wounded of right section; the center section, 5 men wounded, 2 horses killed, 1 horse wounded, 1 trail broken, 1 limber chest knocked through by 6-pounder shot, solid, of enemy; the left section, no one killed, the guidon mortally wounded.

The following is the ammunition left in the battery: For the Parrott guns, 133 rounds shell and shrapnel and 24 solid shot; 4 shell, 12 spherical case for the Napoleons.

In closing my report I cannot but compliment the coolness of the men, and speak with thanks of the help rendered by Mr. O'Donnell, volunteer lieutenant, he commanding my left section. Of the balance of the officers, they belong to the battery, but did their duty, and proved themselves worthy of their position.

I remain, sir, yours respectfully,

T. P. MOTT,

Commanding Third Battery, New York Artillery.

Captain AYRES,

Commanding Artillery, Smith's Division.

Numbers 33. Report of Brigadier General Wainfield S. Hancock,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Smith's division, of engagement at Lee's Mill, or Burnt Chimneys.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SMITH'S DIVISION,Camp near Lee's Mill, Va. April 8, 1862

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions I have the honor herewith to submit a report of the operations of my brigade at this place on the 16th instant.

At 6 o'clock on the morning of that day, the commander of the division, leaving our last camp with General Brooks' brigade for this place gave me verbal instructions to hold my command in readiness to proceed with my brigade and two batteries of artillery (Ayres' and Wheeler's) to join him in case I should receive orders to that effect from him, or in case I heard a strongly-sustained fire of artillery in his direction,and in that event to order up General Davidson's brigade to a point near the Widow Curtis' house, to cover the left of the division from any assault that the enemy might make from Lee's Mill, and to notify General Keyes, commanding the corps d'armee if these dispositions became necessary, and to request him to send a brigade to occupy the Four Corners, on our left.

At nearly 9 o'clock, hearing a considerable fire of artillery, I gave the orders in question, and sent the notification before referred to to General Keyes. Shortly after this, as I was about advancing, I received an order from the commander of the division to take post at the

