
position designated before to be assigned to General Davidson. When General Davidson reported to me that he had arrived, I directed him to assume a position at the Four Corners. Forming in line of battle and reporting my action to the division commander, I was directed to retain that position until further orders, but to be ready to move to the right or left, as circumstances might make it necessary. I held that position until the afternoon, possibly 3 o'clock, when I received orders to move to the front in the woods nearer the enemy's batteries, as a reserve, General Davidson being ordered to take my place, and my advance to take effect on hiss arrival. Some time afterward I was ordered to advance with two of my regiments (the Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers and the Sixth Maine Volunteers) to a point close to the position occupied by Captain Mott's battery in the morning, but sheltered from the enemy's view by a strip or screen of timber.

Some time afterwards I was ordered to the front, in the open space to the left and somewhat in rear of the artillery, as a support to the Third Vermont Volunteers, of General Brooks' brigade, which was to the left and front of the artillery, and engaged with the enemy. I advanced rapidly, and upon arriving at the proper place formed my two regiments in line of battle with the object in view. I found, however, that the Second Vermont and on or more regiments of General Brooks' brigade were already advancing to its support between me and the enemy, and on my inquiry of General Brooks where he wished my assistance, he replead that he did not then require any. My regiments remained in this position until near sundown, when I met the commander of the division in the batteries of artillery, when he informed me that he accomplished everything that he desired to accomplish during that day; that I should leave one regiment (Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers) in its then position, and place the other (the Sixth Maine Volunteers) in a position perpendicular to it across the road leading to Lee's Mill, where I had just before placed four companies, and some short distance in advance on that road, in order to protect our left from any threatened assault of the enemy from that direction during the might. I then threw out a line of pickets in its front.

In the mean time the commander of the division had ordered my remaining regiments (the Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Forty-third New York Volunteers) to occupy the position which I had left near the position of Mott's battery in the morning. About 7.30 o'clock p.m. I reported to the general in person and received an order to throw one wing of the Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers to the front and immediately on the left of our battery in position, and also to detail a working party of 750 men to throw up the redoubts during the night. This working party was taken from the two regiments in reserve.

The casualties in my brigade were but few, herewith submitted, * as nearly all of the enemy's artillery was silent and my troops were placed beyond the effective of musketry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain L. D. H. CURRIE.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Smith's Division.

---------------

*Embodied in statement on p. 367.

---------------

