
end of the dam, with the view of crossing on the dam. Colonel Lord was ordered to act in concert with this movement by throwing four companies of his regiment across the stream below the dam. As the artillery opened the three companies of the Fourth, led by Colonel Stoughton in person, advanced toward the end of the dam. The four companies of the Sixth, led by Colonel Lord, dashed into and across the stream. These movements caused the enemy to make a display of his strength and re-enforcements by opening a terrific fire of musketry from his rifle pits. On seeing this, orders were given by General Smith to suspend the movements of the Fourth just as they reached the end of the dam, and Colonel Lord, seeing this, ordered his companies back.

In consequence of a want of time, I beg leave to defer giving a more detailed report until a subsequent period, when I will forward and appendix, containing a list of casualties*, accompanied by the reports of the regimental commanders, mentioning the names of officers, &amp;c.

Very respectfully,

W. T. H. BROOKS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain L. D. H. CURRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Smith's Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,April 20, 1862.

SIR: I herewith transmit the reports of the different regimental commanders of the parts taken by their respective regiments in the action of the 16th. I can heartily indorse the commendations of the different officers and men mentioned by them. The Second Vermont was held in reserve and was not engaged during the day; hence no report is made from that regiment. In passing, however, through the field, from our right to the left, in which the batteries were placed that regiment was fired upon and had 1 man killed.

It is with great satisfaction and pride that I feel able to bear testimony to the coolness and daring and general bearing of the officers and soldiers of the brigade throughout the day. The bravery and determination exhibited by those companies that crossed the stream under a most galling fire of the enemy, concealed in rifle pits, are only to be equaled by disciplined veterans or by American citizens who only assume the uniform of soldiers when their country is in danger. In my report of the 18th I made mention of the names of Colonels Stoughton and Lord, as being at the head of their companies in the movement that took place late in the evening; the first a soldier by education, the last a soldier by nature. They fully realized the high anticipations formed of them. Colonels Hyde and Smalley are also deserving of notice for their activity and the dispositions made of their regiments during the day. I beg leave to call attention to Captain Harrington, Third Vermont, who commanded the four companies of that regiment, in conjunction with Captain Bennett, Third Vermont, that first crossed the stream and took possession of the enemy's works. His report is transmitted herewith.

Although not of my command or under my direction, yet as acting in concert with the brigade, I feel that it is not out of place to express my admiration of the skill and efficiency of the different batteries of

---------------

*Nominal list omitted reports 1 officer and 43 men killed, 6 officers and 128 men wounded, and 4 men missing.

---------------

