
artillery under Captain Ayres' command, and especially of the service rendered By Mott's battery, the first to take part in the engagement. So also of Lieutenants Merrill, Engineers,and Bowen, Topographical Engineers, who were both exceedingly active and bold in their reconnaissances, and, in addition to his proper duties, Lieutenant Bowen found time to aid the wounded of the Fourth Vermont off the field. In this connection I beg to refer you to Colonel Stoughton's report.

Most efficient aid was rendered on the field by Surgeons Janes, Third Vermont, Chandler, Sixth Vermont, as also by Assistant Surgeons Goodwin Third and Tuttle, Sixth Vermont. The wounded were promptly brought into places of safety, and although the darkness of the night was great, and the ambulance stations remote from each other the wounded were sheltered and their wounds dressed by 1 o'clock a.m. Assistant Surgeons Shaw Carpenter, and the former State assistant, Phillips, were unwearied in their attention to them through the night.

In conclusion, I beg to mention the names of the officers of my staff: Brigade Surg. E. E. Phelps, Captain Theodore Read, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant E. M. Noyes, Third Vermont, aide-de-camp.

Dr. Phelps' services with this brigade may most properly be considered a "labor of love." At first he was delegated by his State to look after the well-being of her children sent to defend the Government, and in furtherance of this object he sought the position he now most faithfully and ably fills. During the action and ever since he has been unremitting in his attentions to the wounded. The labors of Captain Read and Lieutenant Noyes throughout the day were incessant and most useful. The reconnaissance of the enemy's works by Lieutenant Noyes was mentioned in my first report. Both of these officers were during the day much exposed to the enemy's fire while in the execution of their duty, transmitting orders, &amp;c. They were distinguished for their coolness under all circumstances. I beg leave to transmit a copy of an order in issued by me the day after the action.

Very respectfully,

W. T. H. BROOKS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Smith's Division, Fourth Army Corps, Army of the Potomac.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SMITH'S DIVISION,

Numbers 36. April 17, 1862.

The brigadier-general commanding congratulates the troops of this brigade for the conduct exhibited by them yesterday while under fire. The invincibility of spirit shown by those companies, exposed to a terrific fire from the enemy sheltered in rifle pits, is worthy of the highest admiration.

The conduct of First Sergeant Holton, Company I, Sixth Vermont Volunteers, in securing and bringing back the colors of the regiment after the bearer was shot down, is deserving of especial notice as a praiseworthy and daring act.

Let your future conduct rival that of yesterday, and your friends and State may well be proud of you.

By order of Brigadier General W. T. H. Brooks:

THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

