
upon them with such effect as to prevent their cannoneers working their guns to much advantage. I remained in this position, making a diversion about 5 o'clock p.m. with four companies, pursuant to your order, until dark, losing in killed 2 and in wounded 10, including Captain Atherton, of Company C, who behaved remarkably well, which I am happy to say the officers and men of my command all did without an exception.

The conduct of Lieutenant (Acting Adjutant) French in crossing the field twice in the hottest of the fire, in pursuance of orders given him, and in assisting in getting off the wounded, is particularly deserving of praise. I cannot speak too highly of Lieutenant Bowen of the Engineers, who came to us and assisted in getting the killed and wounded from the field, being the last to leave himself. This gratuitous act of kindness is most highly appreciated by the regiment, and I should feel thankful if in your report you should see fit to mention him.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. STOUGHTON,

Colonel Fourth Vermont Regiment.

Numbers 38. Report of Colonel Henry A. Smalley,

Fifth Vermont Infantry, of engagement at Lee's Mill, or Burnt Chimneys.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH VERMONT VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Lee's Mill, Va., April 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor, pursuant to instructions, to make the following report of the operations of my regiment in the action of yesterday:

Obedient to orders, I marched my regiment in rear of and as a support to the Third Regiment, holding, as directed by my general, my regiment in reserve covering the road to the left of the open space in which our brigade hospital is established. We held this position until ordered to occupy a position in which our wings would cover both sides of this road. A picket was established in our front. Though many wounded men of the Third Regiment were taken to the rear no call was made upon my regiment to support them, and indeed, none was asked. Sixty-five non-commissioned officers and privates and three officers, all under command of Captain Dudley, Company E, were detached as sharpshooters, and, I have reason to believe, did excellent service in picking off men at the enemy's guns and their officers. Two guns were completely silenced, I have been informed, by the shots of these men. This company was relieved by another about 4 p.m., they having fired away nearly all their ammunition. Four companies of my regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Grant, were unemployed during the day, they having been upon picket until nearly dark. These, with the company of Sharpshooters, reduced the force with me to only five companies.

Orders were issued about 5 p.m. for my regiment to advance across the field in rear of the Sixth, which was to attack the enemy's position. This order was executed until the Sixth fell in my rear, leaving me in front. A picket guard was established in my front, which was afterwards relieved by one from the Sixth, and at about 10 o'clock p.m. I withdrew my regiment to the camp assigned it by the general, having held without attack the place in front of the enemy which I occupied when the Sixth retired.

