
loss. I further report that I believe I can carry these works and hold them without much loss.

Our casualties to-day are I man killed and 1 wounded. The conduct of Lieutenant Butler, of Thompson's battery, is spoken of by Brigadier-General Berry as gallant in the extreme.

Very respectfully,

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. P. HEINTZELMAN, Third Corps.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS

April 16, 1862-6.30 p.m.

CAPTAIN: One of the shots of Captain Beam's battery dismounted one of the rebel guns at 3 p.m. A gun was directed over it, which was immediately knocked over by a well-directed shot, and a third shot scattered the rebels, who have not approached their guns since. No further casualties reported, but the work of intrenching by the rebels on my left is stopped. One or two guns will be in position during the night. The rapid cannonading this afternoon has been in the direction of Smith's position.

Very respectfully.

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 41. Report of Major General Edwin V. Sumner,

U. S. Army, of skirmish near Yorktown, April 22.
HDQRS. LEFT OF THE LINE, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Camp Winfield Scott, Va., April 23, 1862

GENERAL; I have the honor to state that since my last report nothing of importance has occurred in my command, nor has any change in the location or employment of the troops taken place.

Yesterday a slight skirmish occurred in front of Davidson's brigade, Smith's division. The enemy pushed our pickets with his skirmishers, but was driven back, it is reported, with loss.

Our loss was 2 men killed, 2 mortally and 1 slightly wounded, and 1 taken prisoner. We captured 1 prisoner from the enemy.

Measures have been taken to provide cordage to mantelets for the guns now in battery on Smith's front.

One man in Sedgwick's division last evening was severely wounded on picket and 1 killed the night before.

Very respectfully,E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.

