
on the supports, and the supports and reserves were at once advanced under my orders and the enemy driven back. I cannot tell whether the movement was supported by other troops of the enemy. The dense woods hide everything in this line they do.

I desire (more particularly it is the object of this report) to mention the soldierly conduct of Captain Morse, of the Seventh Maine Regiment. Finding the pickets present in his front, he concentrated all the men he could raise, and with a rapid advance and shout drove them through the woods across the opening this side the creek to their dens again.

I had 2 men of the Seventh Maine killed and 3 wounded, 2 mortally.

The Tenth Massachusetts was advanced along the road leading to Lee's Mill, but discovered no movement of the enemy from that direction .

Captain Morse reports quite a number of negroes among the enemy in their advance.

Respectfully submitted.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain L. D. H. CURRIE

Assistant Adjutant-General, Smith's Division

P. S. - One of the men killed was killed by a volley. At least twenty balls are in his body. One of those mortally wounded is named George O. McLellan, Company D, Seventh Maine. He loaded his gun and fired it after he was down and then made a tourniquet with his handkerchief. One prisoner was taken by the Seventh Maine Volunteers and one was lost by them.

Numbers 43. Report of Major General George B. McClellan,

U. S. Army, of an affair near Yorktown, April 26, with congratulatory letter from Honorable E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Camp Winfield Scott, April 26-11 a.m.

(Via Baltimore, April 27, 1862.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

Early this morning an advanced lunette of the rebels on this side of the Warwick, near its head, was carried by assault by Company H, First Massachusetts Regiment. The work had a ditch 6 feet deep, with a strong parapet, and was manned by two companies of infantry; no artillery. Our men moved over open, soft ground some 600 yards; received the fire of the rebels at 50 yards; did not return it, but rushed over the ditch and parapet in the most gallant manner. The rebels broke and ran as soon as they saw that our men intended to cross the parapet. Our loss, 3 killed and 1 mortally and 12 otherwise wounded. Took 14 prisoners, destroyed the work sufficiently to render it useless, and retired. The operation was conducted by General C. Grover,* who managed the affair most handsomely. Nothing could have been better than the conduct of all the men under fire. The supports, who were also

---------------

*See Grover's report, Numbers 44.

---------------

