
ler's pieces, supported by a company of the Eleventh Massachusetts, were placed in a masked position on the right, to serve as a rallying point and to cover a retreat if necessary, while Company A, Eleventh Massachusetts, was held in front of the battery, in readiness to deploy and support or re-enforce the assaulting party.

When the flanking skirmishers of Lieutenant-Colonel Wells' command had extended about half way across the open field they were to occupy, and had drawn the attention of the enemy to the extent of partially drawing their fire, Lieutenant-Colonel Wells, with Captain Carruth's company H, dashed across the broken field from a distance of about 800 yards, covered by the enemy's fire, and in most gallant style carried the work at the point of the bayonet; a work with a deep ditch and strong profile, and which our prisoners, I am informed, admit to have been occupied by two companies of rebel infantry. The support from the Massachusetts Eleventh, though a little late, owing to the natural difficulties of the ground, arrived in time to make any interference with our working party, which partially reduced the parapet, too hazardous to be attempted, while our skirmishers on our left flank very handsomely and effectually held in check re-enforcements which the enemy attempted to throw forward.

We were subjected during the whole time to heavy firing from the enemy on our left, and for about twenty minutes to the fire of a battery of, I think, two guns, in the edge of the timber on or near our own ground. It is also reported to me that the latter battery, after shelling us, turned its guns upon the main work of the enemy. If so, this would indicate a probability that they were our own guns firing upon us at first by mistake.

The officers and men concerned in this affair, however small it may be, deserve great credit for the prompt, efficient, and daring manner in which they carried out my orders.

After having partially worked down the parapet, and having ascertained that this work was supported by one or more works screened by the woods in its rear and having captured 15 of the enemy prisoners, I withdrew my force to camp.

I regret to have to state that in this affair we lost 3 killed and 1 mortally wounded of Company H, First Massachusetts, and had 12 men of Company H, and 1 man of Company A., First Massachusetts, wounded. A list of the killed and wounded is herewith inclosed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GROVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

TO ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Numbers 45. Report of Brigadier General Daniel Butterfield,

U. S. Army, as General of the Trenches, April 27.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, PORTER'S DIVISION, A. P.

Camp Winfield Scott, Va., April 28, 1862

GENERAL: As general of the trenches for the twenty-four hours ending April 28, 8 a.m., I would respectfully report that I relieved General Jameson at 7 a.m. 27th. I received from him no instructions. General Marcy had directed me to see him also to see General Barnard,

