
propose to commence as soon as the Yorktown road is finished, unless otherwise ordered. I am not certain that I know where Adams' house is, but it will require all our tools two days to render this end of the road passable. I have ordered an additional regiment to the neighborhood of Young's house. That leaves me with a very small reserve with which to support Peck or Graham.

Smith's division has had such hard work and exposure that sickness is beginning to show itself. Brigadier-General Davidson having been disabled by a strain, I allowed him to be classed with the wounded and gave him leave of absence for fifteen days. General Sumner disapproved of my action in this case. Brigadier-General Graham is in hospital, and Couch was sick yesterday. My chief surgeon is quite indisposed also.

This morning between 12 and 1 o'clock a telegram from General Smith announced that the water below the dam was falling rapidly, and that he anticipated an attack at dawn. I had all my corps ready, but moved nobody.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

Captain J. H. TAYLOR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,Warwick Court-House, May 1, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith a report made by Brigadier-General Hancock to Brigadier-General Smith, commanding division,and accompanying reports of a reconnaissance on the 29th instant, and of the work done to clear and protect the picket line below Smith's batteries, opposite the enemy's one-gun battery. The reconnaissance gives me a good understanding of the enemy's works opposite Smith's left, and the work done will secure his pickets from constant annoyance and loss. The affair was well managed, but our loss was 2 killed and 6 wounded. One of the wounded was a commissioned officer. The enemy's loss was greater than ours.

Some appearances on the 29th indicated that the enemy had withdrawn from Smith's front. In the afternoon of that day General Smith sent out a scouting party, and discovered their pickets in the same position as that occupied the day before. One officer and 3 privates of the scouting party were wounded. I directed a searching examination of my whole front to be made on the 29th. Accordingly Brigadier-Generals Palmer and Naglee, each with a majority of his brigade, to make a reconnaissance toward the works at and near Lee's Mill. The reconnaissance was thorough, and resulted in confirming the opinion so often heretofore stated by me, that the portion of the enemy's lines near Lee's Mill is exceedingly strong. General Naglee lost one man-mortally wounded and since dead-of the Eleventh Maine. I inclose his and General Palmer's reports. I shall direct Brigadier-General Casey, commanding division, to strengthen his front greatly by artificial means.

Last night at dusk it was reported to me that the enemy had shown two regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry and one battery of artillery to the full view from the point on our left occupied by Colonel De Trobriand, Fifty-fifth New York Volunteers, Peck's brigade. I

