
There were no casualties among the men of my command. Colonel Belknap reports one of the enemy's pickets killed.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier General Commanding Third Brigade, Casey's Division.

Captain HENRY W. SMITH, A. A. G. Casey's Division.

Numbers 53. Report of Brigadier General Charles D. Jameson,

U. S. Army as General of the Trenches, May 3-4 with indorsement.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, KEARNY'S DIVISION.

May 4, 1862

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I relieved Brigadier-General Martindale as general of the trenches at 8 a.m. the 3rd instant. Nothing of particular interest occurred during the day. The enemy kept up an irregular fire from their works most of the day and part of the night, but with no effect upon our working parties or guards. The rebel fire continued at intervals until about 11.30 o'clock p.m. when it ceased entirely.

At about 3 o'clock this morning quite heavy explosions were heard in the vicinity of Yorktown and a very bright fire was observed there, which facts were immediately telegraphed to you.

About 3.30 a.m. there were strong indications that the rebels had evacuated their works. Very soon after three rebel soldiers approached our lines under a flag of truce. They stated that Yorktown was evacuated. In accordance with instructions from you, I deployed two companies of the Sixty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, together with a portion of the Berdan Sharpshooters, as skirmishers, with a portion of the Twenty-second Massachusetts, Colonel Gove,as support, and advanced cautiously towards the rebel works in front of Yorktown. No signs of the rebels were visible as I approached,and I had the honor of entering the town at about 5.30 o'clock this a.m. The works were entirely deserted, the rear guard of the enemy having left about 3.30 o'clock a.m. Most of their guns were left in their works loaded and spiked. A very large number of tents were left, a large portion of which were in a damaged condition, although there are a great many very little injured. I caused the American flag to be raised immediately upon entering, and placed a guard on all the buildings and other property.

I remained in command until about 9 o'clock a.m. when I was relieved by Brigadier-General Butterfield.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. D. JAMESON,

General of the Trenches.

Brigadier General FITZ JOHN PORTER, Director of Siege.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 5, 1862

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Army of the Potomac. The first indication of the evacuation of Yorktown was given me thus, and the attending circumstances are as follows:

About 4 o'clock I was aroused by the corporal of my guard, who

