
informed me that quite heavy musketry firing was in front and a house on fire in Yorktown. On ascending immediately the lookout at my tent I discovered that some building was on fire, and that sounds arose from the apparent bursting of shells. I immediately telegraphed General Jameson the fact, and to know what was the firing in front. He said he knew of no firing, but would ascertain. Before receiving a reply I was convinced from the flashing in the flame that the enemy's magazine or a building containing powder was burning, and I directed General Jameson to send forward a force to ascertain if the enemy had not abandoned the town, and as soon as the notice of deserters came I directed him and Colonel McQuade (general of the trenches on the left) to send forward a regiment and occupy the town. The reports of Colonel Gove, Twenty-second Massachusetts, and Colonel McQuade are inclosed. The inclosed telegram will show that no suspicion of his evacuation existed up to 3.15 a.m. on the 4th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Brigadier-General, Director, &amp;c.

[Inclosure]

MAY 4, 1862-3.15 a.m.

I have completed both rifle pits on the left. They are well supplied with sand bags and screened with bushes. Have enlarged the advanced rifle pit on the right near the old chimney; put on sand bags and masked it with trees. No signs of any movement of the enemy.

C. D. JAMESON,

General FITZ JOHN PORTER.

Numbers 54. Report of Colonel Jesse A. Gove,

Twenty-second Massachusetts Infantry, of occupation of Yorktown, May 4.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND MASSACHUSETTS REGIMENT

Camp Winfield Scott, Va., May 4, 1862

SIR: In compliance with the request of the general commanding division that I make an immediate report of the occupation of Yorktown by our forces this morning, I address you directly, without passing through the general of trenches, whom I left at Yorktown, to avoid delay:

I proceeded this morning with my regiment and 150 men, Captain Boughton, of the New York Thirteenth, to the trenches, arriving at the mill-dam at 5 a.m. precisely,where I reported to General Jameson. Detailing 250 of my command to relieve the same number of the old guard to the left of the road, I proceeded with 750 to relieve the guard to the right and the two companies in the rifle pits in front near the chimneys, all under the command of Colonel Black, of the Sixty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers. Colonel Black's command, as soon as relieved, marched out of the trenches, and by direction of General Jameson I advanced two companies, and relieved those in the rifle pits. I deployed Company B, Captain Wardwell, supported by Company D, Cap-

