
tain Dunning, as a reserve, and we approached their work, accompanied by General Jameson and Colonel Black and his two companies. My command followed the line of skirmishers in supporting distance. On our arrival we found no obstruction to our occupation, their works being entirely.

I placed the first national flag upon the ramparts, the men giving three hearty cheers as it unfolded to the breeze. Passing their works, I continued the line of skirmishers through the town without opposition. Several deserters from the enemy and some 30 negroes appeared, all of whom were reported to General Butterfield, who has just arrived. I immediately posted sentinels on the ramparts and at all the houses, to prevent stragglers entering to commit depredations.

In this connection I regret to state that some of the most flagrant cases of violation of orders in that respect were committed by officers whose overweening curiosity seemed to entirely absorb all sense of propriety or official dignity.

It is my painful duty to report the wounding of 6 of Company G, Captain Whorf, from the explosion of a torpedo imbedded in the surface of the ground. These inhuman missiles of war were placed in the field in front, in the several houses, and in the roads and thoroughfares in the town. An explosion took place in a column of cavalry outside of the works, with what result I am unable to state. In the town one of the telegraph corps stepped on one of them, which exploded with deadly effect. It was a 10-inch shell, concealed by the sand, and in the middle of the road.

The works completely surround the town, and are of a formidable character, and capable of maintaining a determined resistance. Being relieved at 2 p.m. by Colonel Stryker, of the Forty-fourth New York, I returned to camp.

Respectfully submitted.

JESSE A. GOVE,

Colonel Twenty-second Mass. Regiment Commanding Outposts, &amp;c.,

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Porter's Div., Camp Winfield Scott, Va.

Numbers 55. Report of Colonel James McQuade,

Fourteenth New York Infantry, as General of the (left wing) Trenches, May 3-4.

CAMP WINFIELD SCOTT,

Near Yorktown, Va., May 4, 1862

GENERAL: I respectfully submit the following report as general of the trenches, in charge of the left wing, for the twenty-four hours ending at 8 a.m. to-day:

The outpost guard consisted of 1,000 men, under command of Colonel Dodge, of the Eighty-seventh New York Volunteers. The guard was stationed between Battery Numbers 7. and Battery Numbers 3. The ground between Battery Numbers 7 and Redoubt A should have been guarded by General Sumner's corps, but no party having been sent from that corps, I was compelled to locate a portion of my command there. During the day a number of the rebels were seen in the small sand-bag redoubt in front

