
Numbers 57. Report of Colonel Amor A. McKnight,

One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations May 4.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTH PA. VOLS., Camp Winfield Scott, near Yorktown, Va., May 4, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that Company E, Captain Greenawalt, of this regiment, was the first of this division to enter the enemy's works in front of Yorktown, which they did at 7.30 this morning. Sergeant Patterson was the first in. Captain Greenawalt says the enemy commenced taking in their pickets at 1 o'clock this morning; could hear artillery and troops moving all night.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,A. A. McKNIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding One hundred and fifth Pa. Vols.

Captain JAMES M. WILSON, A. A. G., Kearny's Division.

Numbers 58. Reports of Major General John B. Magruder,

C. S. Army, commanding at Yorktown, &c.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE PENINSULA, Lee's Farm, April 5, 1862.

SIR: I have just left my saddle, and hasten to make a rough sketch of to-day's action.

As I reported last evening, the enemy were camped last night about 5 miles in advance of our lines. They advanced very leisurely this morning, evidently taking precautions for the safe advance of a large army. Their road leading to Yorktown was good, and they reached the front of Redoubts Numbers 4 and 5 about 10 a. m., and commenced firing on our works with cannon a few minutes later.

Colonel Geo. T. Ward's brigade defended these redoubts with coolness and gallantry, opening the action with slight skirmishing, then returning to the curtain wall which connects them.

The enemy moved their batteries to about 1 mile from our lines and opened briskly, but soon fired slowly, and had continued to do so, ceasing at intervals until 4.30 p. m., when my last informant left. Their sharpshooters found a protected position, which they have constantly occupied, in a peach orchard about 600 yards in front of Redoubt Numbers 5, and having ascertained the range, they made it dangerous for our men to expose their persons. Three men (none mortally) and 5 horses were wounded at this position.

Learning from my advance guard the approach of the enemy on both roads, I had ridden to Lee's Mill before learning of the attack on Yorktown, and saw that Brigadier-General McLaws had placed his troops for the defense of that position. Four companies of the Tenth Georgia, under Lieutenant-Colonel Weems, skirmished in the front across the creek, taking 2 prisoners, Lieutenant Swan and a private of the Tenth [Seventh] Maine, General Smith's division.

Leaving General McLaws to defend this flank with August's brigade in the front, Colonel Hunt's command covering Mulberry Island, and General Wilcox's brigade in reserve, I started for the center (where I

