
expected the enemy to concentrate) about half past twelve, and had progressed a short distance through the miry road when the booming of cannon announced the opening of the action at Lee's Mill. I found afterward that this proceeded mostly from Cosnahan's battery of two pieces on the extreme right, replying to five or six pieces of the enemy on the opposite hill.

Hearing that a brisk engagement was going on at Yorktown, and fearing that Colonel Ward's position would be stormed by overpowering numbers, I ordered up General Wilcox with two regiments to his support, and he came up with admirable promptness. Passing the dams between Lee's and Wynn's mill-ponds, which were guarded by three companies of Nineteenth Mississippi and Fourteenth Alabama Regiments, I found Colonel Winston commanding at Wynn's Mill, with three regiments, a small battalion, and two batteries well posted, and the men in fine spirits. As I was leaving, the enemy's artillery opened (mostly with rifled pieces) from a high ground some 1,200 to 1,300 yards to the front and left, and continued their practice until 5 p. m., when my last informant left.

Proceeding to the redoubts to the left of Yorktown, I found Colonel Ward's arrangements satisfactory. The enemy's firing was slow and they were not pressing forward. I therefore ordered on of Wilcox's Alabama regiments, which had advanced to near Wynn's Mill, back to the head of Lee's mill-pond, as cannonading continued in that direction.

In approaching Yorktown the enemy directed their fire against my staff, and the horse of the lieutenant-colonel commanding, was badly wounded by a Minie ball. I found General Rains, commanding the garrison, prepared to defend it with determination. He complains of the want of powder.

Returning by the main road to Lee's Mill about 5 p. m., I found the action was over, and that the Thirteenth and Fourteenth North Carolina had arrived from General Colston's brigade.

The enemy had time to turn our right by finding a crossing to Warwick River, but being hotly fired into by the First Louisiana Battalion and by Colonel A. Cumming, Tenth Georgia, which skirmished far down the river, following them, their effort was foiled. They appeared in force across Warwick River, opposite our works on Minor's farm, which cover the approaches up Mulberry Island.

Casualties at Redoubt Numbers 5, 3 men and 5 horses wounded; Wynn's Mill, 3 men slightly wounded, 2 horses killed; Lee's Mill, 1 man killed, 4 men wounded, 1 man missing, 2 men deserted.

[J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.]

General R. E. LEE, Richmond, Va.

RICHMOND, VA., September 5, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that you will cause the defective copy of my report and all additions since furnished by me, now in your office, to be withdrawn and to be substituted therefor the accompanying correct and complete copy of the same.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, &c.

General S. COOPER, Adjt. and Insp. General, Richmond Va.

