
as to make it almost impossible to procure them. The genius, energy, and extraordinary industry of Major Bloomfield, however, overcame all obstacles, and enabled the Army of the Peninsula to move, to march, and to fight with the regularity of a machine. This statement is made in justice to Major Bloomfield, who is absent on account of sickness at the time that I write.

I ask the attention, also, of the Government to the valuable services rendered by Mr. William Norris, of Baltimore, the signal officer in charge of the signal service of the Peninsula, and to those of his efficient assistant, Lieutenant Lindsay, of the Fifteenth Virginia Regiment.

It is but just to Colonel Charles A. Crump that I should bear testimony to the zeal, gallantry, and decided ability with which he performed the various duties of commander of the post at Gloucester Point during the year in which he was under my command. He was worthily supported on all occasions by Lieutenant Colonel P. R. Page and the other officers and men constituting his force.

That accomplished officer Captain Thomas Jefferson Page, of the Navy, successfully applied the resources of his genius and ripe experience to the defense of Gloucester Point, while the important work opposite was commanded with devoted zeal and gallantry by Brigadier-General Rains.

My thanks are due to Captain Frederick Chatard, of the Navy, for valuable services as inspector of batteries, and to Lieutenant-Colonel Noland, late of the Navy, the efficient commander of the batteries at Mulberry Island Point.

That patriotic and scientific soldier Colonel B. S. Ewell rendered important services to the country during my occupation of the Peninsula, as did Colonel Hill Carter, the commander at Jamestown, and his successor, Major J. R. C. Lewis.

I should fail in my duty to the country, and especially to the State of Virginia, if I neglected to record the self-sacrificing conduct of Captain William Allen, of the artillery. At the very commencement of the war this gentleman erected at his own expense on Jamestown Island extensive fortifications for the defense of the river, and from that time until he was driven from his home he continued to apply the resources of his large estate to the benefit of the country, and so great and disinterested were his zeal and devotion as an officer, that he lost almost the whole of his immense possessions in endeavoring to remove the public property committed to his charge and that of the commanding officers. I cannot commend his conduct as an officer too highly to the Government nor his patriotism as a citizen too warmly to the love and respect of his countrymen.

To Captains Rives, St. John, Clarke, and Dimmock, of the engineers, and their able assistants, the country is greatly indebted for the formidable works which enabled me to meet and repulse with a very small force the attack of an army of over 100,000 well-drilled men, commanded by the best officers in the service of the enemy. The steadiness and heroism of the officers and men of the artillery of the Peninsula, both heavy and light, were very conspicuous during the attack on April 5 and throughout the siege which followed.

The high state of efficiency of this arm of the service was mainly due to Colonel George W. Randolph, chief of artillery, on my staff, who applied to its organization, discipline, and preparation for the field the resources of his great genius and experience. To this intrepid officer and distinguished citizen the country is indebted for the most valuable

