
services from the battle of Bethel, where his artillery principally contributed to the success of the day, to the period when he was removed from my command by promotion. He was ably assisted by Lieutenant-Colonels Cabell and Brown, of the same corps.

The medical officers deserve the highest commendation for the skill and devotion with which they performed their duty in this sickly country.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army.

RICHMOND, VA., September 2, 1862.

SIR: It having been this moment suggested to me that the paragraphs in my report of the operations in the Peninsula in relation to the sufferings of our troops might be construed into a charge of neglect on the part of the Commissary Department, I think it proper to state that my only object was to do justice to the heroic fortitude under great and, I think, unavoidable privations.

To avoid all misunderstanding I will add that my statements on this subject apply particularly to the troops on the line of trenches across the Peninsula between Yorktown and Mulberry Island, on James River.

Previous to the arrival of General Johnston I had given orders that these two points should be amply provisioned, with a view to a siege of these places, and hence they were intended to be supplied for a longer period than the depots on which the intermediate troops depended.

It is proper to state, also, that the means of transportation on York and James Rivers, known to me to be scanty, were mainly employed in sending down re-enforcements, ordnance, and ordnance stores, which were absolutely necessary, and as these re-enforcements came without wagons and without cooking utensils, the burden of furnishing transportation to this large force was thrown on the limited means of my own command, and of necessity restricted the troops to the supply of meat and breadstuffs alone.

I deem it just to these departments to make this statement as an addendum to my report.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

Numbers 59. Report of Colonel H. C. Cabell,

First Virginia Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

MAY 10, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the artillery under my command from April 5 until the evacuation of the Peninsula:

Our line of defense consisted of the fortifications at Yorktown; the

