
was made on our lines, but the fire of the enemy was incessant from artillery and musketry.

During this time our artillery had to be changed frequently at Dam Numbers 1. This position was occupied by four pieces of Captain Rosser's battery, Captain Richardson's battery, a section of Captain Palmer's howitzers, and a section of Captain Page's battery at the redoubt to the right of Dam Numbers 1. The positions of the artillery had also to be shifted at other points. All these movements were made at night necessarily.

I am much indebted to Lieutenant-Colonel Brown for his disposition of the batteries of the left flank. His report will give a more detailed account of these batteries, as my supervision over them ceased upon the arrival of General Pendleton, chief of artillery on General Johnston's staff, and was confined necessarily to the command of Major-General Magruder. Up to that time I witnessed the courage and skill they displayed.

Captain Stanard's battery arrived and was placed in position below Lee's Mill on April 6. Captain Kemper's battery arrived a few days after and was also put in position.

From April 5 to - many of our batteries were not once relieved. Until reserves came relief was impossible; yet officers and men exhibited as much perseverance and ability to bear exposure and labor without murmur as they did courage in resisting the enemy. Our defenses, which were as strong as could be made by the limited force at your command, were necessarily extremely imperfect, and much work had to be done after the enemy was upon us; but our men held their positions while our works were being perfected and until a sufficient force arrived to make us secure.

The God of Battles, that ever sides with a just cause, and a wise disposition of forces and courage, and discipline of an army, has insured us one of the most gallant defenses, against apparently overwhelming numbers, that history gives any record of.

The fidelity and promptness with which my orderlies, William O. Duke, of the Richmond Fayette Artillery, and

-----

, of the Charles City Troop, conveyed my orders deserve attention.

I cannot close this report without calling attention to the batteries of light and heavy artillery in the several garrisons of Gloucester Point, Yorktown, and Mulberry Island.

The very small force constituting the Army of the Peninsula on April 5 required the withdrawal of the whole infantry and cavalry force from Gloucester Point to near the line of defense between the York and James Rivers. The heavy artillery was thus left without any support for several days, and most nobly and efficiently did they maintain their position.

When the line of defense was constructed Mulberry Island was thrown out of the line of defense several miles to stand, if necessary, a siege. Captains Garrett's and Young's batteries were withdrawn to this fort thus isolated.

The efficiency and skill of the cannoneers at Yorktown were attested during the whole defense. The firing was continued until 2 o'clock at night the night of the evacuation, by which time many of our troops had arrived at Williamsburg. The skill and efficiency of our cannoneers were not only attested by my own observation, but by the accounts that have been published in the Northern papers. I ascribe their superior efficiency to the entire calmness and cool courage of our cannoneers and their superior intelligence. They have had but little

