
opportunity for practicing, though they have been taught the principles and science of firing. Their entire self-possession, united with courage, intelligence, and patriotic zeal, enabled them to practice the best rule for firing, "Fire with deliberate promptitude," and insured their success.

I beg particularly to call attention to the efficiency of Lieutenant William B. Jones, who acted most efficiently as my adjutant during the greater portion of the defense, and of my adjutant, Richard M. Venable, who relieved him from duty to enable Lieutenant Jones to return to his company, all the other officers having become incapacitated from service by arduous and constant exposure at the batteries.

I deeply regret to have to state that one of these officers, Lieutenant Shield, a gallant and chivalrous spirit, who had distinguished himself in action, has since died.

Very respectfully,

H. C. CABELL,

Colonel First Regiment Artillery and Chief of Artillery.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER.

Numbers 60. Report of Brigadier General Lafayette McLaws,

C. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of engagement at Dam Numbers 1 (Lee's Mill).
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, RIGHT FLANK, Lee's Farm, Va., April 30, 1862.

On the 16th instant, between 2 and 3 p. m., my attention was attracted by an increase in the intensity of fire which had been heard during the morning from the direction of Dam Numbers 1. Thinking that perhaps a real attack was intended at that point, I ordered forward the Tenth Louisiana, Fifteenth Virginia, and four companies of the Seventeenth Mississippi, and rode toward the dam, ordering up, on my way, the Fifteenth Alabama also to act as reserves to Dam Numbers 2, and directed my whole command, artillery, infantry, and dragoons, to be under arms and ready to obey any order at once. I then joined General Cobb.

The firing at this time, from both cannon and small-arms, was very heavy and constant, convincing me that the attack was intended as a real one, and I became exceedingly anxious for the reserves to come forward, for General Kershaw's brigade, of the Third, Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth South Carolina, was in position some 4 1/2 miles on my right down the Peninsula, and should the line be broken at this point of attack by a large body of the enemy that position would be a critical one, and Lee's Mill would have to be abandoned unless a considerable force of our troops was on hand to oppose them.

I heard from General Cobb that General G. T. Anderson's brigade had been ordered to his support by General Magruder, and sent off by Lieutenant Stanard, who offered his services to bring it forward, and sent others to hasten those regiments I have previously ordered up.

A body of the enemy succeeded in crossing the pond below the dam and were in our lower rifle pits.

Colonel McKinney, of the Fifteenth North Carolina, was killed while gallantly leading his regiment to repulse them. His death and the sudden dash of the enemy created some confusion, which was, however,

