
promptly corrected by General Cobb, who, riding in among the men, they recognized his voice and his person, and promptly retook their positions. Colonel Anderson's brigade at this time came forward most opportunely, and the Seventh Georgia, Colonel W. T. Wilson, followed by the Eighth, Colonel Lamar, charging the enemy with the bayonet, and assisted by the Fifth Louisiana and others, drove them back across the pond, killing a large number.

A few minutes after this one of the artillery pieces was reported as disabled, and I ordered up a section of Captain Palmer's battery, which was in reserve on Lee's farm, and Captain Thomas Jefferson Page, of the Magruder Light Artillery, being near me, offered his battery, and I directed him to bring it.

Soon after this the regiments I had ordered forward came rapidly up. The Tenth Louisiana, Colonel [Mandeville de] Marigny, was ordered to the main point of attack, and the others halted within a few hundred yards. Captains Page's and Palmer's batteries came dashing forward in full speed, and I felt my position secure. The firing ceased as night came on, and the assault was not renewed.

I refer you to the reports of General Cobb, and of Colonels Levy, Bryan, T. R. R. Cobb, Lamar, and Wilson, and of Captain Stanley, of the Troup Artillery (Cobb's Legion), accompanying this, for further particulars and for their notice of individual merit.

In the death of Colonel McKinney the service has lost one who was pure in all his thoughts and just in all his acts; a brave and skillful officer, who, in this death, as in his life, reflected honor upon both his native and his adopted State, and illustrated the Christian gentleman.

Majs. James M. Goggin, adjutant and inspector general; A. H. McLaws, quartermaster; Captain McIntosh, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Tucker, aide-de-camp, were with me and were of signal service.

Very respectfully,

L. McLAWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. G. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 61. Report of Brigadier General Howell Cobb,

C. S. Army, commanding, Second Brigade, Second Division, of engagement at Dam Numbers 1 (Lee's Mill).

HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., ARMY OF THE PENINSULA, April 22, 1862.

GENERAL: I submit the following report of the engagement of the 16th instant between the troops under my command and a portion of the enemy's forces:

The enemy commenced a cannonade upon our position at Dam Numbers 1, occupied by the Second Louisiana Regiment, about 8 o'clock in the morning, which was continued during the morning and until 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Up to the last-named hour they displayed only two pieces of artillery, and at that hour the number increased to six.

Under a heavy fire from their artillery the enemy made a bold movement to cross the stream at 3.30 o'clock at a point just below Dam No.

