
1, at the position occupied by the Fifteenth North Carolina Regiment. This movement was undertaken by a brigade of the enemy, though only three of their companies succeeded in crossing the stream. My troops were soon thrown into line of battle in the following order, commencing with the Second Louisiana Regiment, on the extreme left, at Dam Numbers 1, the Fifteenth North Carolina Regiment, Sixteenth and Eleventh Georgia Regiments, and Cobb's Legion, on my extreme right, who were posted as they arrived, and arrived in the order of their distance from the scene of action. The Fifteenth North Carolina Regiment occupied the position of the main attack, and was promptly led by its lamented colonel to the charge against the enemy.

Colonel McKinney was in the front and center of his regiment, bravely leading it, when he fell mortally wounded and instantly died. The service could not have lost a truer man or braver soldier. The fall of Colonel McKinney and an unauthorized order, from some source unknown to me, caused the regiment to fall back, and for a moment the entire line on the right up to the position occupied by the Georgia Legion was thrown into confusion. It was, however, momentary. The men were soon rallied, and in less than five minutes the entire line was restored, and through the remainder of the engagement officers and men acted with coolness and courage.

At this time, by order of General G. T. Anderson, of Georgia, the Seventh and Eighth Georgia Regiments, being a portion of the brigade under his command, were brought into the action, and rendered efficient service. The gallant charge of the Seventh Georgia Regiment deserves the special notice given in the accompanying report of Colonel Levy, who was in immediate command at Dam Numbers 1, and to whose coolness and courage we are indebted in no small measure for the successful movements of the extreme left of my command.

You had at an early hour of the engagement ordered up four companies of the Seventeenth Mississippi Regiment and the Tenth Louisiana Regiment as a re-enforcement. By your direction I caused the Tenth Louisiana Regiment, under the fire of the enemy, to take position in the rear and in supporting distance of the Fifteenth North Carolina Regiment. The movement was made by Colonel Marigny with great coolness, who put his men in position at double-quick.

During the engagement, which lasted about three hours, the enemy were twice successfully repulsed, and finally driven across the stream and beyond the range of our five in great confusion and with severe loss.

Our casualties I have already reported to you. From the best information I can obtain the loss of the enemy could not have been less than 200 killed, besides the wounded and prisoners.

It is proper to remark that we had but three guns in position at Dam Numbers 1, viz: One 12-pounder howitzer, Captain Jordan's battery, at the work near the dam, and one 12-pounder howitzer and one 6-pounder of the Troup Artillery (Captain Stanley), of Cobb's Legion. The howitzer of Captain Jordan's battery was disabled during the action, and the howitzer of the Troup Artillery could not be used without danger to our infantry at the lower works; consequently the 6-pounder piece of the Troup Artillery, was compelled to maintain almost alone the unequal contest with the enemy's artillery during the hottest portion of the engagement. This was done with a spirit and courage creditable to the officers and men.

Your presence on the field will enable you to bear evidence to the

27 R R-VOL XI

