
gallantry and courage both of our officers and men during the engagement.

For details I refer you to the accompanying reports of the officers in command of the different regiments engaged. At my request the report of Colonel Levy is not limited to his own regiment, as he was charged with the general defense of Dam Numbers 1.

Among the casualties I must mention the fact that Captain James Barrow, of my staff, was severely wounded while delivering one of my orders.

It is due to Captain Barrow, as well as the other members of my staff, Major Robert Thomas, Capts. John A. Cobb and William Gwin, to say that they were prompt, cool, and efficient in the discharge of their duties during the engagement.

HOWELL COBB,

Brigadier-General.

General LAFAYETTE McLAWS,

Commanding Division.

Numbers 62. Report of Captain M. Stanley,

commanding Troup Artillery, Cobb's (Georgia) Legion, of engagement at Dam Numbers 1 (Lee's Mill).

------

-------

, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report as follows in reference to the part taken by the battery under my command (Troup Artillery) in the engagement of the 16th instant at Dam Numbers 1:

I had but two of my pieces in position at that point-a 6-pounder bronze field piece, under Lieutenant Pope, and a 12-pounder army howitzer, under Lieutenant Lumpkin. The former was on the right, in an earthwork of but little strength, and the latter in an earthwork somewhat stronger, on the left. Both works are unfortunately placed, being in too low a position to command the field on the opposite side of the dam. Besides my own pieces one other was there, a 24-pounder iron howitzer, belonging to Captain Jordan's battery, placed behind a work just at the dam and in a position to command scarcely more than the dam itself. Our horses, in charge of their drivers, were placed in a bottom to the right and rear of our position. One 12-pounder howitzer took no part in the engagement, because the direction of the enemy was such that it could not be fired without endangering the lives of our own men in the intrenchments at the dam. In front of the dam on the opposite side from us is a broad field, in which the ground rises gradually from the water's edge to the crest of a hill 600 or 700 yards distant, and then slopes less gradually to the woods beyond. This conformation gave the enemy an admirable position in which to place his artillery, and it indicates how unfortunate for us is the position of our works and of the dam itself.

At about 9 a. m. on the 16th instant the enemy brought up under cover of the hill a battery of six pieces, and placed them just beyond the crest, so as to fire and yet to be to a large extent protected. Judging from the balls thrown, of which a large number have been gathered up, the most of their guns were rifled. There were, however, some 12-pounder round shell and shot, indicating a smooth bore. Against this formidable array the only piece which could be used with any

