
effect, or without endangering the lives of our men near the dam, was the smooth-bore 6-pounder, under Lieutenant Pope. For several hours did this piece maintain the unequal conflict. Captain Jordan's piece fired a few rounds, but from its disadvantageous position could not command the enemy's position, and therefore exhibited sound judgment in not prolonging its fire.

A little before noon there was a mutual cessation of the fire. Soon after dinner the conflict was renewed. An attempt was made by the enemy's infantry to carry our rifle pits, by fording the stream in the woods some distance below the dam, and during this assault the fire of their artillery upon our works was terrific. The whole atmosphere was filled with the exploding shell and shrapnel. As before, the piece under Lieutenant Pope replied steadily and effectively, and not until the cannoneers were exhausted did the firing on our side cease. It was near night when the conflict closed.

Though several of my men were struck with fragments of shells and spent Minie balls, and though our works were repeatedly penetrated by the enemy's shot, not one behind the works was seriously injured. One of our drivers, W. P. Meeler, a brave and faithful young man, who was with the horses, had his right leg shot off below the knee by a cannonball. Seven of our horses were killed in the fight, five of them by Minie balls in the engagement of the infantry.

That the casualties among my men were so few I ascribe to the merciful providence of Almighty God. The men, with hardly an exception, exhibited great coolness and courage.

Although the howitzer detachment took no active part in the conflict their position was exposed to a very fierce fire.

I mention with special commendation Lieutenant A. F. Pope, Gunner J. F. Dillard, and Private J. C. Strickland.

The following also are worthy of particular notice: Sergt. R. K. Pridgeon and Privates A. C. Sorrell and George B. Atkinson.

In conclusion I would suggest that our position at Dam Numbers 1 is very inferior to that of the enemy, and that in view of his powerful and numerous artillery special attention be given to that point.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. STANLEY,

Captain, Commanding Troup Artillery, Georgia Legion.

Colonel T. R. R. COBB, Commanding Georgia Legion.

Numbers 63. Report of Colonel Goode Bryan,

Sixteenth Georgia Infantry, of engagement at Dam Numbers 1 (Lee's Mill).

BIVOUAC, SALLIE TWIGGS' SIXTEENTH GEORGIA Regiment, April 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 16th, under orders from headquarters Second Brigade, Company D, Captain Montgomery, of this regiment, was sent to the rifle pits of the Fifteenth North Carolina Regiment, to act as sharpshooters and protect a working party of that regiment.

About 3.30 o'clock, heavy firing being heard in that direction, the Sixteenth Georgia Regiment advanced and took position in the trenches

