
on the right of the battery opposite Dam Numbers 1, at which point a considerable force of the enemy had crossed and occupied our rifle pits. They were soon driven back across the

-------

by the Fifteenth North Carolina, Seventh Georgia, and a portion of the Sixteenth Georgia Regiments, stationed near the dam. A heavy fire was kept up by the Seventh North Carolina and Sixteenth Georgia Regiments until dark, at which time the enemy retired.

I cannot close this report without an expression of great gratification as the coolness and gallantry displayed by both officers and men of my command during the engagement, and particular mention should be made of Captain Montgomery, of Company D. Being driven from the rifle pits, with only three of his men (the others being deployed as skirmishers), he gave warning to the Fifteenth North Carolina of the advance of the enemy, had, joining that regiment with the few men of his company that could be collected, charged with command and drove the enemy from the pits.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

GOODE BRYAN,

Colonel Sixteenth Georgia Regiment.

Captain JOHN A. COBB,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 64. Report of Colonel William M. Levy,

Second Louisiana Infantry, of engagement at Dam Numbers 1 (Lee's Mill).

CAMP OF SECOND LOUISIANA VOLUNTEER REGIMENT, Dam Numbers 1, Va., April 18, 1862.

SIR: On the 16th instant, at about 8 a. m., the enemy appeared in considerable force in the woods and rear portion of Garrow's field, opposite the position occupied by the Second Louisiana Regiment. In a few minutes two pieces of artillery were put in position and opened a fire of shell upon us. This was briskly replied to by the 6-pounder field piece of the Troup Artillery, belonging to Colonel Cobb's (Georgia) Legion, and by a few shots from the 12-pounder howitzer, Captain Jordan's battery.

During the morning and up to about 3 o'clock sharp artillery firing was kept up on both sides, and the infantry was engaged in skirmishing at pretty long range. A little after 3 o'clock the enemy brought up more artillery and displayed six pieces (two rifled Parrott's) and opened a furious cannonade, which they kept up, with scarcely the slightest intermission, for three hours. While throwing their shells upon us a bold rush was made across the river or creek by a considerable body of the enemy's infantry, who suddenly dashed through the water and, under cover of the woods, reached the rifle pits in front of the position of the Fifteenth North Carolina Regiment. This regiment, with the exception of its picket, was at work intrenching its camp, and while leading his men to charge the enemy Colonel McKinney fell and died instantly, gallantly pressing forward at the head of his command. This unfortunate death of Colonel McKinney threw the Fifteenth into momentary confusion, and the enemy was then at the rifle pits and about to cross them.

