
At this time Companies B (Captain A. H. Martin) and D (Captain R. E. Burke), of the Second Louisiana Regiment, under the direction of Major Norwood, of that regiment, threw themselves from their position at the redoubt and curtain on the crest of the hill and attacked the enemy along the left of the rifle pits, while the Seventh Georgia vigorously attacked them along the rest of the line, and the Eighth Georgia, came up on the right of the Seventh Georgia. Companies I (Captain Flournoy) and K (Captain Kelso), Second Louisiana Regiment, stationed at the lower redoubt, near Dam Numbers 1, opened fire upon the enemy from their position at the redoubt. The rapid and vigorous attack of our troops at once checked the enemy, and in a few minutes they precipitately retreated, recrossed the creek, and sought shelter, from the havoc which pursued them, under cover of their field pieces. Shortly afterward the movements of the enemy showed that with a large force they intended to renew their effort to break our lines, and with a largely-increased force they again attempted to cross, but were speedily repulsed, retreating in disorder.

I have no means of ascertaining the number of killed and wounded on the part of the enemy; but from the bodies left on this side and the removal from the field on the other side of bodies I am satisfied that it must have amounted to at least 200.

I cannot refrain from mentioning that, as falling under my immediate observation, while the conduct of all our troops was most satisfactory, the Seventh Georgia Regiment, the section of the Troup Artillery (Captain Stanley), and the companies of the Second Louisiana Regiment which I have enumerated, manifested the most praiseworthy alacrity and intrepidity.

After this second decisive repulse the enemy retired their infantry from the field, and, night coming on, the combat ceased, leaving us in full possession of our position, from which we had not moved, except to drive back and pursue the enemy, and in the enjoyment of the pleasing knowledge that we had repulsed a foe largely exceeding us in numbers.

I have the honor to remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. LEVY,

Colonel, Commanding Second Louisiana Regiment and Dam Numbers 1.

Captain JAMES BAUM, Assistant Adjutant-General of Brigade.

Numbers 65. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ross R. Ihrie,

Fifteenth North Carolina Infantry, of engagement at Dam Numbers 1 (Lee's Mill).

HDQRS. FIFTEENTH REGIMENT NORTH CAROLINA VOLS., Near Lee's Farm, Va., April 19, 1862.

I hereby transmit a report of the action of the Fifteenth North Carolina Volunteers in the engagement of the 16th instant near Dam Numbers 1, on Warwick Creek:

On the morning of the 16th cannonading along the line toward Wynn's Mill, and also some of the enemy's guns being brought to bear upon our batteries at Dam Numbers 1, and as the day progressed other indications of an attack by the enemy upon our line induced Colonel [Robert

