
leading through Allen's plantation. We held this road, without infantry to support us and nothing between us and the enemy's works in front. During the day two squadrons of Colonel Averell's cavalry were sent to the rear to repress disorders of a serious character. This was done thoroughly and with good effect. Subsequently General Heintzelman sent me four regiments of infantry to turn the enemy's right, but that was found impracticable from the nature of the locality, the lateness of the evening, and the want of a guide.

On our side in the skirmish of the 4th instant there were 2 killed and 4 wounded of the Illinois Cavalry. On the enemy's side the loss in killed and wounded is not known, the fight having taken place in a dense woods. We found, however, one of their men killed in the action and saw on the road evidences of many wounded. During the 4th and 5th instant the command captured 70 prisoners, including 2 captains and 1 lieutenant.

I have to notice with satisfaction my aides, Lieutenants Audenried and Wade, for their untiring activity and gallantry, the nature of their duties taking them from the right to the left of the entire line. I also think it due to Captain Benson to state that in carrying an order for General Hooker he had a horse shot under him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant MARTIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Division Cavalry Reserve.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel William W. Averell,

Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations around Williamsburg May 4-6.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, Camp Williamsburg, Va., May 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command and my observations during the 4th, 5th, and 6th instant:

At 8 o'clock a. m. on the morning of the 4th I received a note from you, informing me that the enemy had evacuated Yorktown and was in full retreat, and directing me to get my command in readiness to move at a moment's warning. Half an hour after I received an order from General Stoneman, chief of cavalry, to report to him, which I did, after ascertaining that the order had been given by the general commanding the army. My regiment passed through Yorktown about 12 m., finding the First and Sixth U. S. Cavalry, with three or four batteries, in front of it. As no order of march had been received by me, I fell into the column the first opportunity.

Upon arriving at a point on the road somewhat in advance of the church, 4 or 5 miles from Yorktown, Brigadier-General Emory came to me with an order from General Stoneman to report to him (General Emory) for the purpose of making a reconnaissance toward the James River on our left. Being joined by Benson's battery, the command of General Emory, composed of my regiment and Benson's battery, was put in motion on a cross road to the left, by the church above men-

