
of their comrades of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry (Lieutenant-Colonel Wickham) and the Wise Legion Cavalry of my command (Colonel J. Lucius Davis), gallantly emulated by the cavalry of the Hampton Legion, under Major Butler.

I regret that, owing to the severe wound of Lieutenant-Colonel Wickham, and the absence of Colonel Davis on important detached service, I am unable to furnish details from their own reports, but it will suffice for the general's information that our cavalry drove the enemy from the open space near Fort Magruder, killing and capturing a number, obliging them, with the aid of the artillery, to abandon their artillery and take to the woods, our own loss being slight, except that in the wound inflicted upon Lieutenant-Colonel Wickham the country will be for a time deprived of the services of a brave and zealous soldier and a most gallant and meritorious officer. The command of this regiment devolved upon Major W. H. Payne (Colonel Robertson being detained by sickness in Richmond).

My volunteer aide, Captain S. G. Staples, who joined me but a day or two before, participated in the charge with the Hampton Legion Cavalry.

Disinterested officers, spectators, speak in the most glowing terms of the conduct of that portion of my brigade, and all join in praise of the brilliant dash of the Hampton Legion Cavalry upon the enemy's cavalry in front of Fort Magruder.

During the day several couriers and vedettes were interrupted, and two of my best officers were captured, Capts. W. B. Newton (Fourth Virginia Cavalry), by mistaking the enemy for our own, and Conner (Jeff. Davis Legion), while detached from his company on picket.

I herewith inclose Colonel Goode's report, marked A.*

I take occasion to express my thanks to my staff for their efficient performance of all the duties devolving upon them, and the intelligent and prompt transmission of orders by my personal escort-to be more particularized in my report of the battle of the 5th, to follow. I will, however, mention the fearless daring and cool and determined courage always so conspicuous in Captain W. D. Farley, attached as volunteer aide. He manages to get into every fight, and is always conspicuously gallant. He is a young man of rare modesty, merit, and worth, who can scarcely be replaced.

I have the honor to be, major, your most obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Major THOMAS G. RHETT,

A. A. G., Headquarters Department of Northern Virginia.

Numbers 15. Reports of Brigadier General Paul J. Semmes,

C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., R. W. D. P., Camp near Chickahominy River, Va., May 17, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part borne by Captain B. C. Manly's battery, attached to my brigade, against the enemy on Sunday, the 4th instant, in front of Williamsburg.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

