
When about entering Williamsburg at the head of my brigade at 1 p. m., an order was received from General Johnston to occupy Fort Magruder and the adjacent redoubts with my command, which was promptly done, Captain Clemons, assistant adjutant-general, conducting the troops to their respective positions, and I in the mean time reporting to General Johnston in the town, and rejoining the command before all the troops were in position.

The infantry and artillery being at a greater distance from the line of redoubts than the enemy, and having a plain of some hundreds of yards to traverse before reaching them, were much exposed to a rapid fire from his guns in position, not exceeding 600 yards in advance of Fort Magruder; nevertheless our loss was slight then or during the remainder of the afternoon.

One of Manly's guns ordered to the second redoubt on the right of Fort Magruder being unsupported, I requested Brigadier-General Kershaw, whose command was in my rear, to occupy that work with a portion of his infantry, which was immediately done.

Manly's guns were promptly got in position, and worked with spirit, intelligence, and effect, entirely silencing the enemy's fire in less than one hour.

One of the enemy's guns, three caissons, and parts of two others, well filled with ammunition, were by my direction brought in by Captain Clemons, assistant adjutant-general, using for the purpose the teams of the Richmond Howitzers.

At night my command was relieved by that of Brigadier-General Anderson, and in pursuance of orders retired through Williamsburg at 12 p. m.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PAUL J. SEMMES,

Brigadier-General.

T. S. McINTOSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, R. W. D. P., Vaughan's, July 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the circular order of the 10th instant, from the headquarters of the army, calling for reports of guns captured from the enemy in the recent battles before Richmond, I have the honor to state that no guns were captured by this brigade.

At Williamsburg, on the 4th day of May last, the troops of this brigade captured one 3-inch wrought-iron gun, three caissons and parts of two others, well filled with ammunition, no report of which has been heretofore made.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,PAUL J. SEMMES,

Brigadier-General.

Captain T. S. McINTOSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

