
a short time he remarked, "There seems to be nothing more doing here," and he would move toward the right, I have received no reports from the subordinate commanders. The enemy evacuated all his works in front of Williamsburg that night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, Near Cumberland, Va., May 16, 1862.

GENERAL: I would beg leave to attach the following note to my report of the battle of Williamsburg. I have glanced over the reports of this battle. As to General Keyes' report, so far as it regards myself I consider it unworthy of notice. In reply to General Heintzelman's report and that of others, indirectly charging me with not having supported Hooker, I would refer to General Kearny's report, in which he states that he received an order from me before 11 o'clock a.m. on the 5th instant to advance with his division and support Hooker. Some others have endeavored to make it appear that I failed to send re-enforcements to Hancock when if ought to have been done. It could not have these troops were first asked for without endangering the center. The maintenance of that point seemed to me of the utmost importance, for if they had pierced the center it would have been impossible to have prevented a serious disaster, and their attacks on this point were made in the most determined manner, and were several times renewed. The moment I felt certain that I could hold the center I sent three regiments to re-enforce General Hancock, but they did not reach him until after he had repulsed the enemy.

I do not know what General Heintzelman means by asserting that three divisions were idle on the right during Hooker's engagement. There was but one division (Smith's) on Hooker's right, and from this Hancock was detached with his brigade, leaving but two brigades at the center until the arrival of General Peck at the head of Couch's division about 2 o'clock p.m., and shortly afterward the attack commenced on the center. Casey's division did not arrive on the ground till late in the afternoon.

I beg leave to report that during the march and operations of the 4th instant and the action of the 5th all my staff officers showed great zeal and ability in the performance of their several duties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, Near Cumberland, May 17, 1862.

GENERAL: In the rapidly passing events of the 5th instant I cannot recollect with certainty what occurred at the council consisting of my myself, Generals Heintzelman and Keyes. It was a very brief and informal affair, and I am quite sure there was no disagreement. I think

