
near here this morning. Our batteries seem to have pretty much a silenced them, though some firing still kept up. The rain forces us to remain in statu quo. With great difficulty a division of infantry has been crossed this morning to support the troops on the other side should the enemy renew attack. I felt obliged to do this, although it leaves us rather weak here.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

On the 5th the Secretary telegraphed me as follows:

WASHINGTON, June 5, 1862-8.30 p. m.

I will send you five new regiments as fast as transportation can take them; the first to start to-morrow from Baltimore. I intend sending you a part of McDowell's force as soon as it can return from its trip to Front Royal; probably as many as you want. The order to ship the new regiments to Fort Monroe has already been given. I suppose that they may be sent directly to the fort. Please advise me if this be as you desire.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Major-General McCLELLAN.

On the 7th of June I telegraphed as follows:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 7, 1862-4.40 p. m.

In reply to your dispatch of 2 p. m. to-day I have the honor to state that the Chickahominy River has risen so as to flood the entire bottoms to the depth of 3 or 4 feet. I am pushing forward the bridges in spite of this, and the men are working night and day up to their waists in water to complete them. The whole face of the country is a perfect beg, entirely impassable for artillery, or even cavalry, except directly in the narrow roads, which renders any general movement either of this or the rebel army entirely out of the question until we have more favorable weather.

I am glad to learn that you are pressing forward re-enforcements so vigorously. I shall be in perfect readiness to move forward and take Richmond the moment McCall reaches here and the ground will admit the passage of artillery. I have advanced my pickets about a mile to-day, driving off the rebel pickets and securing a very advantageous position.

The rebels have several batteries established commanding the debouches from two of our bridges and fire upon our working parties continually, but as yet they have killed but very few of our men.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

As I did not think it probable that any re-enforcements would be sent me in time for the advance on Richmond, I stated in the foregoing dispatch that I should be ready to move when General McCall's division joined me; but I did not intend to be understood by this that no more re-enforcements were wanted, as will be seen from the following dispatch:

JUNE 10, 1862-3.30 p. m.

I have again information that Beauregard has arrived, and that some of his troops are to follow him. No great reliance-perhaps none whatever-can be attached to this; but it is possible, and ought to be their policy.

I am completely checked by the weather. The roads and fields are literally impassable for artillery; almost so for infantry. The Chickahominy is in a dreadful state. We have another rain-storm on our hands. I shall attack as soon as the weather and ground will permit; but there will be a delay, the extent of which no one can foresee, for the season is altogether abnormal.

In view of these circumstances I present for your consideration the propriety of detaching largely from Halleck's army to strengthen this, for it would seem that Halleck has now no large organized force in front of him, while we have. If this cannot be done, or even in connection with it, allow me to suggest the movement of a heavy column from Dalton upon Atlanta. If but the one can be done, it would better conform to military principles to strengthen this army. And even although the re-en-

