
we got about 1,000 men; among the one colonel and several other officers. Up to Saturday 800 rebels were buried by our troops.

The reconnaissance map made by Lieutenant McAlester, inclosed, shows the strength of the enemy's position, as well as the gallantry and good conduct of the troops that could force him to abandon such works.

General Jameson and Captain McKeever, of my staff, were the first officers in Williamsburg. The retreating enemy fired their magazine, filled with shells and other ammunition. General Hooker's division, when assigned to my corps, was stationed near Budd's Ferry, on the Potomac; did not join until after we sat down before Yorktown. The duties of the siege were so laborious I never had an opportunity to see a single regiment in line of battle. All the troops were entire strangers to me, except their gallant commander.

I also beg leave to call the attention of the commanding general particularly to General Hooker's report.

I cannot close my report without commending anew Generals Kearny and Hooker and the members of their staff for their unwearied exertions and conspicuous gallantry. The former lost two member of his staff killed. To the member of my staff, the chief of it, Captain Chauncy McKeever, and Lieutenant M. D. McAlester, of the Engineers, I am particularly indebted for their conspicuous good conduct and gallantry. Captain McKeever rendered good service on my staff at Bull Run. Lieutenant McAlester established a reputation in the preliminary operations for the siege of Yorktown. May I commend them both to your favorable consideration?

To the other officers of my staff, Captain Isaac Moses, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant L. Hunt, Thirty-eighth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant G. E. Johnson, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant Henry Norton, Sixty-third New York Volunteers, I am indebted for valuable service in communicating orders and in clearing the road for the advance of General Kearny's division. They were so actively employed that they were seldom at my side. Assist. Surg. John J. Milhau, medical department, the medical director of the corps, was most indefatigable in his attention to the wounded during the action and the following night. He performed many operations himself. He was very active in procuring and arranging transportation for the to Queen's Landing, at which point they were embarked for Fort Monroe. Captain McKelvy, the chief commissary of the corps, was also quite active, and has kept the troops well supplied with provisions.

I knew nothing of the handsome affair of General Hancock's until near midnight, when, as I was returning to my bivouac from writing a note to General McClellan, I met an officer of his staff, who informed me of the affair, and that the general had arrived at General Sumner's headquarters at 5 p.m. that day. After midnight I received directions not to renew the attack without further orders; that the general would send me re-enforcements, and was making arrangements for the operation of the next day.

General Peck informs me that he found a regiment of General Grover's brigade coming back along the Williamsburg road, the officers of which reported the enemy driving in our front; that their ammunition was getting expended. This regiment remained inactive all the afternoon. This was the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania. Captain McKeever stopped a lieutenant and several men of this regiment who were retreating on the left-hand road.

Generals Jameson and Berry both sent scouts forward during the

