
time during that day. I request that this statement may be forwarded, in order that it may be placed on record with my official report of the battle on the 5th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Army Corps.

No. 7. Report of Major Charles S. Wainwright,

Chief of Artillery.

HDQRS. DIVISION ARTILLERY, HOOKER'S DIVISION, Camp near Williamsburg, May 7, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to lay before the general commanding this division the following report as to the part taken by the batteries under my command in the battle of the 5th instant:

Being in rear of the infantry, we camped about 1 o'clock that morning, two batteries about half a mile this side of King's Creek and two the same distance on the other side. By 6 o'clock that morning we were again en route, Battery H, First U. S. Artillery, Captain Webber, and Battery D, First New York Artillery, Captain Osborn, being in advance, Captain Bramhall's Sixth New York Battery about a mile in the rear.

On arriving at the front I at once, by the general's direction, ordered Captain Webber to place his guns in battery - one in the road just at the corner of the felled timber which lay on its left, another some 20 yards in rear of this, and the other four in a field on the right of the road. They were immediately got into position, but while the first section in the road was being unlimbered Lieutenant Chandler P. Eakin was shot down close by my side and Lieutenant Horace L. Pike near the second piece, as also two of the privates. The drivers of the limbers taking fright, as also some of the cannoneers, they fell back about a hundred yards to the rear of their pieces. Aided by Captain Webber and First Sergeant [William A.] Harn I tried to urge and drive them forward to their guns, but did not succeed in getting a sufficient number up to open fire. I then went back to Captain Osborn's four-gun battery, which had come up, and called for volunteers to aid in manning these pieces. Every cannoneer at once sprang to the front, and headed by their officers, opened fire from four of Battery H's guns, while at the same time Captain Webber got some 15 or 18 of his men at the other two. The rain was falling fast at the time, rendering it impossible to see that exact position of the enemy. Our fire was directed in reply to some pieces on the works about 700 yards directly in our front, and at part of a field battery to our front and left, which appeared to be in the open, but which I have since ascertained was in a sunken redoubt.

Half an hour later Captain Bramhall came up, and I immediately ordered him to take position in the field to the right of the other guns, which he did in a most soldier-like manner. The ground in this field was exceedingly soft and full of stumps, so that he was only able to get five of his guns in battery. Our men soon got the range and distance of the enemy, and in half an hour more silenced their guns entirely.

