
by all his lieutenants and men. Captain Osborn and his lieutenants in this their first engagement gave promise of making brave and efficient officers. I would especially mention among the enlisted men Sergeants Harn and [John] Doran and Privates [Daniel] Barry and [Daniel] Conway, of Battery H, and Privates [John] Shoemaker and [George O.] Westcott, of Battery D, as having done particularly good service. Captain Osborn's and Captain Smith's batteries are still in condition for service; Captain Bramhall's lacking horses, and Captain Webber's both horses and pieces.

I will furnish a more complete report of the present condition of my command as to ammunition,&amp;c., so soon as I get my reports from the captains.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WAINWRIGHT,

Major and Division Chief of Artillery.

Captain JOSEPH DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hooker's Division.

No. 8. Report of Brigadier General Cuvier Grover,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, HOOKER'S DIVISION, Camp near Williamsburg, Va., May 7, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 4th instant, pursuant to orders received, my brigade made an advance from the camp before Yorktown on the Williamsburg road, and encamped about 3 miles from that town at 11 o'clock p.m. At daybreak on the morning of the 5th we again moved forward, and at about 6 a.m. came in view of the line of works before Williamsburg. At this time a few rebel horsemen were moving from the direction of their main work towards a position on our right, but upon discovering our advance the cavalry returned, and a line of skirmishers extending took up a position covering our whole front at a distance perhaps of about 250 yards. I then, pursuant to orders from the general commanding the division to place my brigade in position, threw forward a portion of the left wing of the First Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel Cowdin, by company, on the left of the road, holding the remainder of the regiment in reserve on the left, while two companies of the Second New Hampshire Volunteers, Colonel Marston, were ordered forward upon the right to nearly the edge of the timber, while the remaining companies remained formed in line in the rear. This was the position occupied when the engagement commenced on both sides, but the enemy's skirmishers were soon driven in, and he opened a heavy fire with shot and shell upon our position from a strong work mounting four guns in our front and at a distance of about 800 yards. Shortly afterward the remaining portion of this regiment (seven companies) were ordered into position, also on the right, within supporting distance of a battery, which was thrown out to an advanced position upon the road. From the position thus occupied the Second New Hampshire and the portion of the First Massachusetts not only repelled the enemy's skirmishers, but drove his sharpshooters from his advanced rifle pits and silenced his heavy guns upon the works in front.

