
and deploy to the right of the Second New Hampshire Regiment as skirmishers. As soon as I became unmasked my right company engaged with the enemy's skirmishers and reserve. A couple of well-directed volleys from Company E, Captain Bigelow, sent the enemy back in double-quick. On moving farther to the right, unmasking the whole regiment, I found a large force of the enemy's skirmishers, and immediately ordered Companies E, Captain Bigelow, and I, Lieutenant Robertson commanding, to deploy as skirmishers and engage the enemy at once, which was promptly and gallantly executed, the men advancing to within 300 yards of the enemy's works, driving all before them, and holding that position until 9.30 o'clock,when I withdrew my men, having received an order from General Hooker to penetrate the woods to the right and rear to ascertain if there was any enemy between us and General Sumner, and, if so, to wipe them out. I obeyed this order, and returned to my old position, after communicating with General Hancock, and reported that there was no enemy in that direction.

At this time I saw the enemy's cavalry threatening our artillery stationed on my left and rear. I fixed bayonets and put the regiment in position to repel any attack, and sent Adjutant Currier to General Grover, informing him of the re-enforcements of the enemy passing from his left and center to his right.

At about 3.30 o'clock I was ordered by General Hooker's assistant adjutant-general to march the regiment back to the left of the road and support the New Jersey brigade, which I obeyed as soon as possible, and on arriving on the ground I became immediately engaged with the enemy, who was endeavoring to turn our left flank, continuing to hold them in check until I was ordered to retire across the road in order that fresh troops might occupy our place. Up to this time my regiment was well in hand, maintain their organization complete, with scarcely andy stragglers,obeying the riders given with promptness and alacrity, doing their duty nobly after so hard a march and exposure to the severe rain.

While the regiment was engaged on the left of the road, at not more than 50 yards, a rebel officer displayed a white flag, crying out, "Don't fire on you friends," when I ordered "Cease firing," and Private Michael Doherty, of Company A, stepped forward to get the flag, and when near it the officer said to his men, "Now give it them." The men obeyed, firing and severely wounding Private Doherty, who immediately returned the fire, shooting the officer through the heart, thus rewarding him for his mean treachery.

I would here state that I was most ably and gallantly sustained through the day by my field and staff officers. Lieutenant-Colonel Tileston was sick, but still did not leave his post till the action closed; Major Tripp and Adjutant Currier did their duty faithfully and nobly; Quartermaster Copy acted in a manner deserving of great praise, forcing his way to the front over almost insurmountable obstacles with ammunition for the First Brigade; Surgeon Foye performed his duties in a faithful and skillful manner, dressing more than 150 wounds with his own hands. I cannot in justice particularize the line officers where every one (with two exception) behaved so admirably. I must, however, mention Captain McDonald, who though suffering intense pain from a severely-scalded foot, nevertheless led his company through the entire day in the most gallant manner.

In conclusion, I will state that the officers and men of the regiment behaved bravely and coolly, obeying every order to the letter promptly,

