
of meeting them. While engaged in this movement I received a severe wound in the right leg - a rifle-ball passing through it - and was obliged to relinquish the command to Major Berry.

It affords me great pleasure to state that the officers and men of the regiment behaved with great steadiness and gallantry, and exhibited an alacrity and precision in the performance of every movement required of the alike creditable to their patriotism and courage.

I am under particular obligations to Adjt. P. P. G. Hall (who has recently recovered from a long and severe illness) for his able assistance during the engagement.

Major Berry, to whom I am also under obligations for prompt, efficient, and intelligent support, will report the further operations of the regiment, and will also furnished a list of casualties.

Very truly, yours,

WILLIAM F. SMALL,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

No. 13. Report of Major Casper M. Berry,

Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS, First Brigadier, Hooker's Div., Williamsburg, Va., May 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, after Colonel Small was wounded I remained with my command in front of the enemy's works until I was ordered by General Hooker's aide to fall back on the reserve, the aide's horse being shot down while in the act of transmitting to me the order. The enemy pressing the skirmishers, I then threw out my left wing to the right of the road in the woods, for the purpose of checking any movement to outflank the First Massachusetts Volunteers' skirmishers, which were in front of us, and there remained until about 5 o'clock until re-enforcements came up. I was then ordered by the general commanding the re-enforcements to withdraw the regiment from the front, to hold it in the rear of his command in the woods, where we remained in line of battle. I then received an order from General Sumner to take position on the left of his line, and remained in that position until dark and encamped near the same place for the night.

It affords me great pleasure to state that the officers and men of my command behaved with great steadiness and exhibited a great alacrity and precession in the execution of my command alike creditable to their patriotism and courage.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,C. M. BERRY,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOSEPH HIBBERT, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

