
one of which rendered me momentarily unconscious, the other disabled me. As soon as I was conscious I found the rebels in possession of my position. I was taken prisoner, and permitted to be carried by some of my own men (who were also prisoners) to Williamsburg. I was kindly treated,and permitted to remain on parole. Out of 33 commissioned officers who went into the engagement 22 were killed or wounded.

Where all behaved with so much gallantry it would seem to be invidious to mention any particular names, but Captain Ben. Price, who is wounded and believed to be a prisoner; Captain W. H. Bugbee, who is dead; Lieutenant F. H. Nelson, who is dead, and Lieutenant Joseph Zeigler, who is wounded, will be remembered by all who saw then on that day, even where many were as worthy and as purely and devotedly brave. I must not forget that my thanks are due to Major Stevens, of the Seventy-second Regiment New York Volunteers, for his conspicuous gallantry and good service during the whole time I was on the field.

I omitted to state in the proper place that while the parley concerning the flag was going on the moment they say my national colors the rebels demanded my immediate surrender. I afterward found (when a prisoner) that they expected three of their own regiments in the very position I occupied, and that three regiments lay on my right flank during the whole time I was engaged. How far they were employed you can judge.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully your obedient servant,

WILLIAM DWIGHT, Jr.,

Colonel Seventieth Regiment N. Y. Volunteers.

Captain JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 16. Report of Major Thomas Holt,

Seventieth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTIETH REGIMENT N. Y. STATE VOLS., SECOND BRIGADE, HOOKER'S DIVISION, Camp near Williamsburg, Va., May 7, 1862.

COLONEL: I have to report that the number of men belonging to this regiment engaged in action on Monday, May 5, 1862, was about 700 men, who were under constant fire from the enemy from about 1 o'clock p.m. till about 4 or 5 p.m., after which we retired from the field, as our ammunition gave out.

I would call the attention of the commanding officer to the fact that the officers of this regiment acted bravely and did their duty, and have not a fault to find with them.

I am, you obedient servant,THOS. HOLT,

Major, Commanding Seventieth Regiment N. Y. S. Vols.

Colonel NELSON TAYLOR,

Commanding Second Brigade, Hooker's Division.

