
No. 17. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Israel Moses,

Seventy-second New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-SECOND REGIMENT N. Y. VOLUNTEERS, Camp before Williamsburg, Va., May 11, 1862.

COLONEL: On the morning of the 5th instant I was ordered to relieve the First and Eleventh Massachusetts and Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Regiments, who occupied the felled woods on the left-hand side of the road, just in front of the open in front of the enemy's works near Williamsburg. The regiment was deployed in line, the first platoons being thrown out as pickets and skirmishers along the margin, with instructions (received from General Grover) to press any advance, to destroy the horses and gunners of a section of a rebel battery on the left, and to protect of our own on the right, and in case of an opportunity presenting to take the section referred to.

Smart firing was kept up by artillery and small-arms for about an hour and a half, when heavy volleys of musketry were heard at the point held by the left of the regiment. General Grover, soon after coming up, informed me that it was the New Jersey brigade advancing on the enemy at that point. Very soon this firing became more constant and incessant, and was evidently from large bodies of troops advancing toward my position, and at the same time my pickets began to retire a little, and reported that the enemy were advancing in strength. I had sent Lieutenant Fry back to report to you and request that a regiment might be sent to my support, and at this time the Seventieth Regiment, Colonel Dwight, arrived. Four companies, with my own reserve, were immediately sent forward to the threatened point, the other six companies remaining as a reserve in the center. The enemy continued to advance and drove in my pickets, who retired fighting without confusion, the enemy following and pouring in deadly volleys. I sought still further

re-enforcements, which you brought up in person. My regiment at this line having entirely exhausted their ammunition, after four hours' fighting withdrew into the road, after having lost severely in killed and wounded.

Herewith accompanying is a list of the names of killed,wounded, and missing up to 12 o'clock this date.*

I am, is, very respectfully, your obedient servant,I. MOSES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

NELSON TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Hooker's Division.

No. 18. Report of Colonel William R. Brewster,

Seventy-third New York Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS., Camp near Williamsburg, May 7, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the report that on Monday, the 5th instant at about 1 o'clock p.m. I received orders from the colonel commanding

---------------

*Embodied in return,p.450.

---------------

