
and removed from my observation. Its loss was 8 killed, 70 wounded, including the colonel, and 37 missing.* It was under fire from morning until night.

Since writing the above I have obtained the following return of casualties:

Fifth Regiment, Colonel Starr, commanding.-Killed, 2 lieutenants, 7 non-commissioned officers and privates; wounded, 1 colonel, 1 captain, 7 lieutenants, 58 non-commissioned officers and men; missing, 28 non-commissioned officers and men.*

Sixth Regiment, Lieutenant Colonel John P. Van Leer commanding.-Killed 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 lieutenant, 37 non-commissioned officers and privates; wounded, 4 captains, 3 lieutenants, 71 non-commissioned officers and privates; missing, 26 non-commissioned officer and privates.*

Seventh Regiment, Lieutenant Colonel E. A. Carman commanding.-Killed, 1 lieutenant, 26 non-commissioned officers and privates; wounded, 1 lieutenant-colonel,3 captains,5 lieutenants,and 77 non-commissioned officers and privates; missing, 9 non-commissioned officers and privates.*

Eighth Regiment, Colonel Adolphs J. Johnson commanding.-Killed, 1 major, 1 lieutenant, and 34 non-commissioned officers and privates; wounded,1 colonel,4 captains,6 lieutenants,and 114 non-commissioned officers and privates; missing, 4 non-commissioned officers and privates.*

Recapitulation.-Killed, wounded, and missing, 2 colonels, 2 lieutenant-colonels, 1 major, 12 captains, 25 subalterns, and 456 con-commissioned officers and privates; aggregate,498.*

The loss of the service of Colonel Johnson and Lieutenant-Colonels Van Leer and Carman and Major Ryerson is a very serious one in so far as the future service of the brigade is concerned. They had the respect and confidence of their commands and proved they well deserved it. I have yet to learn if the brigade can be handled in evolutions of the line with such a destitution of field officers. To risk a reputation so dearly earned without them, until those taking their place have learned their duties, would be injustice.

I append hereto a list of casualties.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. E. PATTERSON,

Brigadier General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOSEPH DICKINSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Corps, Army of the Potomac.

No. 21. Report of Colonel Samuel H. Starr,

Fifth New Jersey Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, Camp at Report's Church, Va., May 12, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with circular from Headquarters Army of the Potomac of the 10th instant I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the action before Williamsburg, Va., on the 5th instant:

Early on the morning of the 5th the regiment, worn-out by labor in

---------------

*But see revised statement,p.450.

---------------

