
courage and zeal, and all, with the above exceptions, received my approbation.

At present, for want of information, I can only mention by name those who distinguished themselves under my own observation and under the observation of officers in whose reports I place great confidence; Lieutenant Colonel G. Mott, Lieutenant and Adjt. Virgil M. Healey (severely wounded), Capts. John Ramsey, E. C. Hopper, J. J. Cladek, and Robert S. Gould, and Lieuts. William H. Hill (severely wounded), Edward A. Acton (severely wounded), Simon P. Whitty (dangerously wounded), George S. Russell, Henry H. Woolsey, Thomas W. Eayre, John M. Moore, and John L. Pierson. The following non-commissioned officers and privates are also commended for their courage and gallantry: Sergt. Major William P. Wheeler, First Sergt. Guy Bryan, Company I; Sergts. Charles W. Arnett, Samuel Mustard, Company A; First Sergt. Robert H. Beecroft and Sergts. John M. Flannigan and Archibald McKaig, Corpls. James McConnel and David Miller, and Privates Patrick Kane and John Irving, Companh G; First Sergt. John K. Simon and Corpl. John Z. Taylor, of Company D; First Sergt.

Frederick A. Brill and Sergts. Frederick Close and John Hoehle; Corpls. Daniel F. Noe, John Sutline, and W. M. Blaise, and Privates Charles C. Dally, G. W. Dally, Charles H. Ritcher, Dallas Noe, John Johnson, and others of Company H. It will give me pleasure to do justice to many other gallant men in a subsequent report whose names are omitted for want of space and information.

It would be a gross neglect on my part were I to omit to mention in this place the names of the Rev. Mr. Thomas Sovereign and Assist.

Surg. Henry F. Van Derveer, whose indefatigable labors and untiring zeal in attending the wounded and ministering to their comfort merit higher commendation than I can bestow.

The names of the gallant dead of the regiment will be cherished in the history of their country and State.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. STARR,

Colonel Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, Commaniding Regiment.

