
with General Jameson) the Fourth Maine Regiment, to erect its standard and to take possession in full force.

I have the honor to mark out for the commendation of the

general-in-chief Generals Jameson, Birney, and Berry,my three generals of brigade, whose soldierly judgment was only equaled by their high courage, and I refer you to their reports to do justice to the names of the gallant officers and men under their immediate commands. Having confident myself principally to the center, the key of the position, I report as conspicuously distinguished, imparting victory all around, Colonels Poe, of the Second Michigan, and J. H. Hobart Ward, of the Thirty-eighth New York. Never in any action was the influence of the staff more perceptible. All were most efficient and defiant of danger. I especially notice Captain Smith, assistant adjutant-general of General Berry, and predict for him a career of usefulness and glory. My own staff were truly my means of vision in this battle in the woods.

I have to deplore the loss of my chief of staff, Captain Wilson. He was killed putting in execution my desire for a general onset at the period of the last charge, falling within the enemy's lines. Also of Lieutenant Barnard, late of West Point, at the end of the engagement, after having previously lost a horse. Captain W. E. Sturges, my aide, was brave, active, and judicious. Lieutenant Moore, another of my aides, renewed in this field his previous distinction gained abroad. My volunteer aide, Mr. Watts De Peyster, bore himself handsomely in this his first action.

I have the honor to append the list of killed and wounded,* which, though not impairing our future efficiency, was a severe proportion for the few that were engaged. Our batteries were on the field, but not required; Major Wainwright, by much personal effort, having resumed the fire of several pieces. But Captain Thompson, the chief of my division of artillery, in the midst of a severe fire, gave me the benefit of his experience.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. KEARNY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division, Third Corps.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Army Corps.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, HEINTZELMAN'S CORPS, Camp Berry, Barhamsville, Va., May 10, 1862.

SIR: The events which crowded on us after the battle of the 5th-its stormy night, the care of the wounded, the attentions to the slain, the collection of the trophies, the moves of the next day - having prevented my report embracing the distinguished acts of individuals not serving in my actual presence, induced me to request that the superior authority of the commander of the corps would be employed to use as my own the separate reports of those my brigade commanders who so ably sustained my efforts by their gallantry, and who so amply fulfilled the high prestige which they had won as colonels of noble regiments.

The lists of the generals of brigade comprises the names of the following officers and regiments: The right of my line consisted of the two regiments of the Second Brigade, General Birney, the Thirty-eighth

---------------

*Embodied in return,p.450.

---------------

