
This report would also be incomplete did I fail to mention the meritorious services of the medical corps. They were everywhere, under the greatest obstacles, efficiently aiding the wounded and establishing ambulances. One of them, Dr. J. H. Baxter, one of Acting Surgeon-me greatly during the action by carrying orders.

Sir, with the trust that division had done its duty and fulfilled your expectations, I have the honor to be, most respectfully,your obedient servant,

P. KEARNY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division, Third Corps.

No. 24. Report of Captain James Thompson,

Second U. S. Artillery, Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION ARTILLERY, Camp near Williamsburg, Va., May 6, 1862.

SIR: Having been instructed by the general commanding the division to report the operations of the batteries under my command on the 5th instant, I have the honor to respectfully submit the following:

The batteries left camp a few miles this side of Yorktown about 10 o'clock a.m., one section of Battery G, Second U. S. Artillery, following immediately after the leading regiment of the infantry column, the remaining portion of the artillery following the leading brigade. The roads were almost impassable, owing to the nature of the soil, the storm prevailing as the time, and the magnitude of the army train. New road were cut and old ones reconstructed in many places. The batteries succeeded, however, in reaching the vicinity of the field of action about 3 o'clock p.m. By direction of General Heintzelman (whom I met while proceeding to the front in search of the division commander) Battery G, [Second] U. S. Artillery, was moved to a field on the left, to join the force in that position. Soon after reaching this position it was ordered to the field of battle. The battery was prepared for immediate action and moved as directed. Its intended position was examined. The approaches being found greatly obstructed, and the field not admitting of battery maneuver, it was deemed advisable not to bring it into action.

One section remained near the battle-field, and the remaining sections moved at dark into camp on the left. Beam's and Randolph's batteries came into the woods near the battle-field, but were not in action against the enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAMES THOMPSON,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding Division Artillery.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Kearny's Division.

