
The loss of the rebels in front of my regiment was terrible. Those that remained on the ground, some 40, were decently buried. The Thirty-eighth New York Regiment, or Scott Life Guard, preserved well the high reputation it gained for gallantry at Bull Run, and although in that engagement as in this it has lost 15 officers and one-third of its numbers, it is still ready to devote the balance to support our flag. I ask that Congress will be special resolution authorize this regiment to place upon its flag "Bull Run" and "Williamsburg," and the Fortieth New York, or Mozart Regiment, "Williamsburg." I trust that the general commanding the division, seeing how well two of my regiments carry out his orders, will never hesitate to rely on my brigade.

Lieutenant-Colonel Strong, of the Thirty-eighth New York Regiment, deserves especial mention for his gallant conduct. His wound, although disabling him, I am happy to report is not mortal, and he will soon be resorted to his regiment.

I am, yours, truly,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. E. STURGIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Kearny's Division.

No. 28. Report of Colonel Henry G. Staples,

Third Maine Infantry.

CAMP NEAR WILLIAMSBURG, VA., May 8, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment during the engagement of the 5th instant:

While on the march I was ordered by Colonel Ward, then temporarily commanding, to halt and throw aside knapsacks,&amp;c., and prepare for action, which was accordingly done. We then marched over an exceedingly difficult to an open field near Cole's farm, and by your order were detached and ordered to report to General Emory. My regiment was then formed in line of battle with the Fourth Maine, Sixty-third Pennsylvania, and Third Michigan Regiments, in the open field in support of Captain ---'s battery, doubtless for the purpose of preventing a flank movement on the part of the enemy.

After remaining in line some thirty minutes we marched through the wood to the road the scene of action. Night setting in, I was ordered by General Kearny to bivouac in the woods for the night. Early on the morning of the 6th I was ordered to relieve the Fortieth New York (Mozart) Regiment, then on picket, with 200 of my men, the remainder having been sent back by order of General Kearny to bring on their rations and blankets. By your order my detachment advanced on the enemy's works in line of battle preceded by skirmishers. On arriving at the battery we found the enemy had evacuated.

I am pleased to add that my men without an exception bore their fatigue without a murmur, obeyed their orders with alacrity, and were very eager to meet the enemy. Hoping we may be placed are long in a position where we my earn more credit for ourselves and the State we represent, I remain, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY G. STAPLES,

Colonel, Commanding Third Maine Regiment.

