
steadiness during the whole movement, this being the first occasion our regiment was ever under fire.

I would here respectfully ask that my surgeon, who was detailed some time ago to the division hospital by order of General Hamilton and who will remains there [Dr. Dexter], be detached and ordered to immediately rejoin his regiment.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

E. J. RILEY,

Colonel Fortieth New York Volunteers.

Captain W. E. STURGIS,

A. A. A. G.,3rd Div., 3rd Corps, Army of the Potomac.

No. 32. Report of Brigadier General Hiram G. Berry,

U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, KEARNY'S DIV., THIRD CORPS, [May 6, 1862.]

I have the honor to report that I moved my brigade from camp in advance of Yorktown yesterday morning in conformity to orders, my brigade taking the lead of the column. Nothing of interest occurred until near 10 a.m., when I found the road blockaded by troops and trains in advance. Hearing heavy firing at the front, and seeing that the troops that immediately preceded me moved very slowly-or at least it seemed slow to me-I resolved to push my brigade through to the front at all hazards. I have the gratification of knowing that my course in this respect met with the approval of the general, who was pleased to instruct me to continue to move rapidly, keeping along the artillery and ammunition train. I at once dispatched Lieutenant Sturgis, of my staff, to the rear, with instructions to push forward all the regular artillery of the division, and also to do anything requisite and necessary for the rapid advance of the troops and ammunition. I am happy to say Lieutenant Sturgis was successful in his efforts and contributed much to the advance.

I pushed forward with my brigade to the rebel earthworks to the left and in rear of the Brick Church, and there ordered my men to lay aside their knapsacks and everything cumbersome. After halting a few moments for rest, I ordered my command forward. Arriving within 2 miles of the field, I turned over to Captain McKeever, assistant adjutant-general Third Corps, the Third Regiment Michigan Volunteers, Colonel Champlin, to act as reserve and support on our left; consequently they were not engaged in the action. I advanced with the three remaining regiments, and arrived at the scene of action at about 2.30 o'clock p.m., and at once put my command into action under the eye and supervision of the general, the Fifth Michigan, Colonel Terry, taking the left side of the road in timber, supported on the left by the Thirty-seventh New York, Colonel Hayman. I formed these regiments in loose order, the left extending far into the timber, for the purpose of outflanking the enemy on that side. I placed one company in rear of the extreme left as a support. The Second Michigan Volunteers was placed part on either side of the road, six companies being held as a placed part on either side of the road, six companies being held as a reserve and located on the left side.

