
finest officers and best men in my brigade, the names of whom will be furnished as soon as can be correctly ascertained. The number is as follows:

Fifth Michigan.-Lieutenant James A. Gunning, killed; Lieutenant Colonel Beach, severely wounded; Captain E. T. Sherlock, Company A; Captain Heber Le Favour, Company F; Lieutenant Tillotson, Company H; 29 non-commissioned officers and privates killed; 99 non-commissioned officers and privates wounded; 54 non-commissioned officers and privates missing, most of whom will come in.*

Second Michigan.-Lieutenant R. D. Johnson, Company A, wounded; Captain W. R. Morse, Company F, severely wounded; Captain W. B. McCreery, Company G, wounded; 14 non-commissioned officers and privates killed; 37 non-commissioned officers and privates wounded; 14 non-commissioned officers and privates missing.*

Thirty-seventh New York.-First Lieutenant Patrick H. Hays and First Lieutenant Jeremiah O'Leary, killed. Captain James T. Maguire, Captain William De Lacy, Second Lieutenant John Massey, Second Lieutenant Edmund W. Brown, and Second Lieutenant James Smith, wounded; 20 non-commissioned officers and privates killed; 64 non-commissioned officers and privates wounded; 5 non-commissioned officers and privates missing.* Aggregate killed, 65; aggregate wounded, 208; aggregate missing, 73. Total aggregate, 346.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. BERRY,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Third Brigade.

Lieutenant W. E. STURGIS,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, Kearny's Division.

No. 33. Report of Colonel Orlando M. Poe,

Second Michigan Infantry.

WILLIAMSBURG, VA., May 6, 1862.

SIR: For the information of the general commanding I have the honor of reporting as follows concerning the part taken by the Second Regiment Michigan Volunteers in the action of yesterday:

The regiment was put into action by direction of the general commanding. Two companies deployed as skirmishers on the right of the battery, which had then ceased to fire. Two companies more on the left also deployed as skirmishers, the road thus dividing the front of the line equally. The remaining six companies were held in reserve. An hour afterward one company more was thrown to the right in support and another to the left.

At about 5.30 p.m. the remaining four companies were sent forward to relieve those who had been hotly engaged and who had exhausted the greater part of their ammunition. The regiment was put into its position with orders to hold it, which they did effectually. The right wing was under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Williams and the left under command of Major Dillman, while in person I exercised a general supervision over the whole line.

Numerous acts of individual bravery were performed. Indeed, so far as I could judge, it was a fight of individuals, as must necessarily

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.450.

---------------

