
charge was ordered, and our men marched up on the double-quick and leaped into the rifle pits and carried the position and retained it. The enemy fled in confusion, leaving 63 dead in the field, besides the wounded. The wounded of the enemy found on the field I ordered carried to the hospital, to be cared for by the surgeons.

The loss of the regiment has been quite sever in killed and wounded, an account of which will be fully stated in a separate report. It is due to justice to state that the conduct of the officers and men, individually and collectively, has been entirely satisfactory. So far as I have observed, or been informed, the conduct of each and every one was such as to contribute to the final result. I remained upon the field during the entire time, with the exception of about ten minutes' absence, owing to having received a slight wound too unimportant to mention except in this connection.

I cannot submit this report without bearing testimony to the gallant conduct and coolness of Lieutenant Colonel S. E. Beach and Major J. D. Fairbanks during the entire action. Lieutenant C. H. Hutchins, acting adjutant of the regiment, and Captain E. M. Smith, of the brigade, staff, were of much assistance by their courage and activity on the field. Just before the close of the engagement Lieutenant-Colonel Beach was severely, but it is believed not dangerously, wounded by a shot received in the thigh. Major Fairbanks had his horse shot under him. Captain Sherlock, Company A, was wounded in the arm, and Captain Le Favour, Company F, in the check and arm, early in the action, and later Lieutenant Tillotson, Company H, was severely injured by a shot in the hand. I am pained to be compelled to state that Lieutenant James A. Gunning, commanding Company C, was shot through the heart and instantly killed just at the moment of victory.

Very respectfully submitted.

H. D. TERRY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. M. SMITH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS.5TH MICH. INF.,3rd Brigadier, KEARNY'S DIV.,3rd CORPS, Army of the Potomac, May 11, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In view of the fast and the hasty manner in which the original report of the part this regiment took in the battle of the 5th instant before Williamsburg was drawn up I desire to make for the consideration of the general commanding the brigade a further statement as a supplementary report, which I now have the honor to transmit.

When the regiment entered the woods at the point previously mentioned we had just finished a march of 2 1/2 miles at double-quick, through a deep mud and a drenching rain, and that, too, after a preceding march of several miles over the worst of roads. During the latter rapid march the brigade was met by Captain McKeever, the assistant adjutant-general of the commander of our corps, who with much earnestness stated that it was necessary the troops should be at once upon the field. The men pressed on with more eagerness and entered the woods at once, and moved forward in line of battle to the results before mentioned. No Union troops were in the woods when this regiment entered, closely followed by the New York Thirty-seventh [Colonel Hayman], which did its duty, if I may be permitted to say so, through

