
the whole engagement; but the enemy were there in large force, as the list of the killed and wounded of the Fifth Michigan will too forcibly bear testimony, a full and perfected report of which is herewith submitted.* Nineteen prisoners, five of whom were wounded, were taken and sent in to brigade headquarters.

Our wounded have been well cared for and sent to the general hospital, for which I am indebted to the skill, care, and attention of the surgeon, Dr. Moses Gunn, the assistant surgeon, Dr. Everett, and the hospital steward, Dr. Adams. The dead sleep upon the field of our victory, and they sleep well. Their graves mark the spot where [beside the same breastworks] our Revolutionary fathers fought and fell before them, and though perhaps no report may be made of their devotion to the Union and the Constitution of the country, their surviving comrades will never forget them.

I most humbly and respectfully ask that some mention may be made of them, so that when this sad war is over we will return to our homes and feel that we can ask no higher honor than the proud consciousness that we belonged to the Army of the Potomac.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

H. D. TERRY,

Colonel.

Captain E. M. SMITH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 35. Report of Colonel Samuel B. Hayman,

Thirty-seventh New York Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-SEVENTH N. Y. VOLUNTEERS, Camp at Williamsburg, Va., May 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to a circular from brigade headquarters of this date I have the honor to submit the following report of the part performed by my regiment in the action of yesterday:

After a fatiguing march through rain and much from camp near Yorktown the regiment reached the place of engagement, located in heavy timber and undergrowth, near Williamsburg, about 3 o'clock p.m. It was placed in position on the left of the Fifth Michigan, parallel to the supposed line of the enemy, and Company B, Captain James T. Maguire, was deployed as skirmishers nearly perpendicular to my line to protect my left flank. An almost continuous fire was soon opened upon the regiment by a concealed foe, which lasted about an hour, and which was returned with spirit for some time, when I ordered the fire cease until the enemy could be seen, to avoid an unnecessary loss of ammunition.

A scout was now sent to my front to observe the enemy, which soon returned and reported him moving to my left. This seemed to be confirmed by his fire, which was delivered in front and on my left. The whole regiment was now moved some distance to the left, and six companies deployed in extended order in a line, making something less than a right angle with my original line, as it was upon these six companies that the enemy exerted his greatest efforts, and they compelled

---------------

*Embodied in return, p.450.

---------------

