
on the 4th till after the enemy had retreated beyond Williamsburg I received the most zealous assistance from the officers composing my staff, Major [now Brigadier General] A. Baird, inspector-general, and his assistant, Lieutenant S. J. Smith, Second Rhode Island Volunteers, Lieutenant B. C. Chetwood, First Artillery, and Lieutenant O. Jackson, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, aides-de-camp; Lieutenant L. J. Howard, Twenty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting ordnance officer, and Captain C. D. Balnchard, chief quartermaster of the corps. To the unceasing assiduity and skill of the medical director, Surg. Joseph B. Brown, U. S. Army, also of my staff, the wounded are greatly indebted. In the arduous duties of his profession he was nobly assisted by Brigade Surg. T. Rush Spencer, medical director of Smith's division.

The battle of Williamsburg has demonstrated the effect of organization, military discipline, and instruction upon the Army of the Potomac. The troops met the enemy with perfect steadiness, and delivered their fire with an effect which the prisoners captured describe as most deadly. But the courage and skill of the troops are much less to be wondered at than the good temper and fortitude with which they have borne hardships-exposure to mud, rain, and hunger-during the battle, before and after it. These qualities, according to Napoleon, are more essential to the character of a soldier than courage itself.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Adjt. General, Army of the Potomac.

No. 37. Report of Major Joseph H. Whittlesey,

Fifth U. S. Cavalry, of operations May 4-7.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CAVALRY, Williamsburg, Va., May 7, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in conformity with the orders of the general commanding Fourth Army Corps on the 4th instant I led the advance with my regiment, under the command of General Naglee, from Lee's Mill toward this place, having sent one squadron [Lieutenant Sweet's] on a reconnaissance toward Grove's wharf, on James River, and encamped for the night with Naglee's brigade near the Halfway House. On the 5th the march was continued through mud and rain, under the orders of General Casey, to the vicinity of Fort Magruder, and on the morning of the 6th, after the enemy were driven from that and the other forts of their second line, I again encamped with General Naglee's brigade on the right of our line of battle on the banks of York River, and this morning reported with the regiment to the commanding general of the Fourth Army Corps at this place.

All the arduous and various duties incident to an advance through narrow and difficult roads, in mud and rain and in face of the enemy, were performed by every officer and man of the regiment with alacrity, intelligence, and spirit.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. H. WHITTLESEY,

Major, Fifth Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. C. SUYDAM,

Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps.

