
works to the right of Fort Magruder, the enemy being in full retreat, and at sunrise these strong works were in the possession of my division.

General Heintzelman's corps subsequently moved out in force and occupied Williamsburg.

The comparative smallness of the loss is due to the heavy woods we occupied and to the fact that the rebels knew not our exact position.

The following is the list of casualties:

 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing

Peck's brigade	 18	 81	 26

Graham's brigade	 -	 -	 -

Devens' brigade	 1	 2	 -

Artillery	 -	 1	 -

detachment

Total	 19	 84	 26

Captain G. B. Shearer, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, is among the killed. I have also to state that burying parties from my command have interred 1 officer and 43 privates of the rebel forces.

I desire to express my gratitude to General McClellan for his encouragement and confidence and to General Sumner and Keyes for their approbation and support.

Captain Walker, my assistant adjutant-general, and my aides-de-camp, Lieutenants Edwards and Burt, rendered me the most valuable assistance, maintaining perfect composure while under the fire of the enemy's shot and shell. The latter officer was slightly wounded.

I respectfully refer you to the appended reports of General Peck and Devens, Colonel Adams, commanding Graham's brigade, and Major West, commanding artillery detachment, for more detailed accounts of their respective operations, and as showing more particularly the conduct of the command. There was very little faltering, and I beg you to say to the general commanding that I want no higher earthly honor than to be the commander of the First Division of his corps.

I have not thought it proper to call on Generals Keim and Palmer for reports, as they belong to the division of General Casey, though for the time under my command. It may be mentioned here that on the night of the 3rd instant I gave directions to have the rebel works to my front on the Warwick thoroughly reconnoitered, as well as on Sunday, the 4th, with a view of carrying them by assault on that night, but they were evacuated by the rebels without awaiting my action.

All which I respectfully submit.

D. N. COUCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division, Fourth Corps.

Captain C. C. SUYDAM,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Fourth Army Corps.

No. 39. Report of Major Robert M. West,

Chief of Artillery.

HDQRS. LIGHT ARTY., 1ST DIV.,4TH ARMY CORPS, Camp near Williamsburg, Va., May 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of the division of artillery during the engagement of yesterday:

Flood's and McCarthy's batteries at about 3 p.m. were posted by

