
right flank. This cross-fire had a favorable effect and was evidently very annoying to the enemy, artillery being seen to retire from a threatening move made upon Hancock's brigade and their fire turned upon the four pieces. As the fire slackened Mott's pieces were withdrawn, and his battery and my own moved around to the dam over Queen's Creek and put into camp.

I inclose extracts of the reports of the battery commanders during these operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. AYRES,

Captain, Fifth Artillery, Commanding.

Captain L. D. H. CURRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Smith's Division.

No. 46. Report of Lieutenant Charles Kusserow,

Adjutant of Artillery.

HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, Smith's Division, Camp No. 11, in the field, May 8, 1862.

CAPTAIN: According to the order I received I have the honor to report of all circumstances in my knowledge occurring on the day of the 5th instant during the fight of General Hancock's brigade:

After the detail of General Hancock's brigade to our right I saw General Keyes, commanding our corps that General Hancock went across the dam on our right, occupying the first fort, without having found any resistance of the enemy. Captain Ayres immediately ordered me to lead Captain Wheeler, with his battery, as quick as possible to General Hancock's support. Executing the order, I found General Hancock's brigade occupying one redoubt nearly one mile beyond the enemy's infantry. Lieutenant Cowan, with his battery, had engaged the enemy, but being too far off for good effect, he advanced to a distance of 800 yards to said fort by an order given to him by Captain Currie.

General Hancock held Wheeler's battery in reserve, and having disposed of all his staff officers, ordered me to ride as quickly as I could, reporting to General Smith what I had seen, and asking him at once for larger supports, himself with his troops not being able to secure sufficiently his right and right rear flank. General Smith sent me back to General Hancock to report to him that he had ordered four regiments for his support. By this ride I found Lieutenant Parker, of General Hancock's staff, who told me the said four regiments were on the road. Having delivered this message to General Hancock I stopped some time in our batteries, Wheeler's battery being posted on the right of Cowan's. The fire of Captain Wheeler was of good effect, being directed on columns of infantry and cavalry and little bodies of artillery moving behind one fort farther on the right.

The enemy suddenly formed line of battle, and General Hancock ordered me to report this fact to General Smith, asking again for re-enforcements. Riding back, I missed on the road the four regiments sent, as said before, and heard by General Brooks that they were ordered back.

34 R R-VOL XI

