
To Captain Wheeler, as senior officer, I address the remainder of my report, though I received no orders through or from him during the action.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

ANDREW COWAN,

Lieutenant, Commanding First New York Battery.

Captain HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP IN THE FIELD, May 8, 1862.

SIR: Soon after you had taken position on my right in the action of May 5, upon the enemy withdrawing his artillery to a more secure position in his rear, I ordered my battery to cease firing, unless at large bodies of infantry or cavalry. About dusk I perceived a regiment of the enemy's infantry filing from the woods on our right to the fort, and quickly threw two spherical case into them, hurrying them to the rear at double-quick. Immediately after I saw the rebels advancing in line of battle in large force along our entire front. I opened on them with spherical case and afterward canister, and continued firing till, perceiving a squadron of cavalry on their left preparing to charge, I deemed it prudent to retire. As my guns were sunk nearly to the hubs it was a work of much difficulty. I succeeded in bringing off all the pieces, and came into battery again on the rise of ground on the right of the fort.

The ground was so heavy that it was difficult for the horses to draw the pieces. We fired with case and canister from this place till ordered to retire by General Hancock, when I fell back 2,000 yards, and placed my battery in position to return at the general's order. In bringing my battery off the field I had Privates James Neville and Levi Cleveland slightly wounded; one team horse wounded. Lieutenant Wright had his horse wounded. After dark, by order of General Smith, I placed three pieces on the left of the upper work and two on the right of the center.

My men did their duty well.

I am, sir, yours, respectfully,

ANDREW COWAN,

Lieutenant, Commanding First New York Battery.

Captain C. C. WHEELER,

Commanding Battery E, First N. Y. Artillery.

No. 49. Report of Brigadier General Winfield S. Hancock,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

CAMP NEAR ELTHAM, VA., May 11, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions I have the honor to submit herewith a report of the operations of my command during the 4th and 5th instant:

On the morning of the 4th instant at daybreak two contrabands came

