
Private James C. McCord, Company K, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Private William Rosenburg, Company K, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Private James Gross, Company K, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Private Peter Rhoads, Company E, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Private Andrew Brown, Company E, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Private G. W. Hinkle, Company B, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Corp. William F. Lindsley, Company K, Forty-third New York Volunteers.

Private Joseph Murphy, Company I, Forty-third New York Volunteers.

Private Samuel D. Hart, Company F, Forty-third New York Volunteers.

Private Charles H. Porter, Company A, Forty-third New York Volunteers.

Private John J. Davis, Company B, Forty-third New York Volunteers.

Respectfully transmitted.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Correspondence relative to the re-enforcement of General Hancock May 5.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SMITH'S DIVISION, Camp No. 11, in the field, near Williamsburg, May 8, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 5th instant, immediately upon our forces occupying the first work above the dam, at about 1 o'clock p.m., you directed me to inform General Keyes, who had been on the ground just previous to our starting to cross and take the fort, and was just entering the woods about half a mile from the scene of operations, returning to his headquarters, that our men were occupying the work. General Keyes directed me to return and tell you that he believed there were two works farther on that he wished you to occupy, commanded by two small earthworks that were also to be occupied by a small force, but no to weaken your force too much, and that you were to move cautiously. He also told me to say to you that he would immediately send you the regiment of cavalry he had promised you before you crossed the dam. When I returned, in about fifteen minutes after, the second fort was occupied, and our forces in position in front of it, ready to advance on two forts about 800 yards in advance of us. You then ordered me to return to General Keyes, and also to go to General Smith, and inform them that you were occupying the second work, and were about taking the two in front, commanded by Fort Margruder, and also that you wanted and must have re-enforcements to occupy them when taken, as well as to support you in your position, there not being sufficient men to protect your flanks. Generals Keyes and Smith both told me to say to you that you should have them, and that re-enforcements had already been ordered, of both cavalry and infantry, to the amount of one regiment of cavalry and a

