
on the ground in front of our lines. No time was lost in hastening to General Smith with this news, whom, having received Captain Currie's important statement, I met coming with several regiments to your relief. Giving General Smith your message, I returned to you in company with Colonel Key, of General McClellan's staff.

In going the last time to General Smith I took occasion to correct a false impression prevailing among retreating stragglers that you had been defeated, and also to assure General Brooks, whom I met coming with re-enforcements, that we had won the day. Beyond the order conveyed to the advanced skirmishers while engaged with the enemy not to go farther than an indicated point the above are the leading once I had the honor to transmit.

I am, sir, very truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. A. AIKEN,

Captain,and Volunteer A. D. C. to General Smith,

and your Acting A. D. C. on the 5th instant.

Brigadier General W. S. HANCOCK.

CAMP NEAR WILLIAMSBURG, May 7, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of orders carried by me on the 5th instant:

Just as the Sixth Maine and Fifth Wisconsin crossed the dam at the first fort General Hancock sent me back to inform General Smith that he had possession of the fort. General Smith, upon receiving the message, sent me to General Hancock to ascertain how many troops he needed, and whether there was any road near his position leading to Williamsburg in the rear of the enemy. When I arrived, the brigade had advanced and taken possession of another fort and the artillery were shelling a third to the front and right of us. I delivered General Smith's message to General Hancock, and returned at once to General Smith with the reply that "there was such a road, and that he ought to sent up another brigade to cover accidents." General Smith's answer was, "I will send General Hancock four regiments at once." This message I carried to General Hancock immediately.

About 5.15 p.m., when the enemy had debouched from the woods and attacked us, I took an order to the Fifth Wisconsin and Sixth Maine Regiments to fall back, fighting in line of battle, toward the fort. Later in the action, when our whole line advanced down the slope, driving the enemy before it, I went back to bring up the artillery, one section of which came up and took up a position on the right of the fort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. B. PARKER, JR.,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

Captain JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade, Smith's Division.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 11, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with your request I would report that at 3.30 p.m. on the 5th instant your ordered me to return to General Sumner and report to him that your advanced position could only be rendered

