
services of Lieutenant-Colonel Corning and Adjt. Charles T. Sutton, who performed all the duties devolving upon them with alacrity, skill, and gallantry. To the promptness and coolness with which they acted is in a great degree to be attributed the success of the necessarily rapid movements of the regiment. I could not with my justice discriminate between the exertions of the officers of the line. All of them conducted themselves with ability in their preparations to received the enemy and bravery in resisting their attack and taking advantage of their repulse.

I regret to record that First Lieutenant George Brown, in command of Company D, was severely wounded early in the engagement, while actively discharging his duties at the head of his company. He received the immediate attentions of the surgeons Drs. Mulford and Dickenson, whose labors that day were prompt and efficient.

The conduct of my men, although for the first time face to face with the enemy, was all that I could desire of them. I would, however, especially mention First Sergt. Sylvester Porter, Company H, who, although cut off from the line of skirmishers, succeeded in bringing in his detachment of 8 men with safety, and securing four times their number of prisoners, one of whom was a captain of the Fifth North Carolina Regiment.*

* * * * * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. TAYLOR,

Colonel Thirty-third Regiment New York State Volunteers.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

No. 53. Report of Colonel William H. Irwin,

Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-NINTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Camp No. 11, in the Field, May 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to an order from brigade headquarters of this date I have the honor to report that this regiment was formed in line of battle yesterday on the left of the First Brigade, and moved forward in support of the battery on the right in the open ground in front of the second fort, over which its colors were hoisted. The men were ordered to lie down during the rapid and heavy artillery fire, and remained thus until Lieutenant Mitchell, of the brigade staff, informed me that the enemy had moved in force from the woods on our right, which their severe fire confirmed. I at once formed my line, and seeing the battery retiring, and also the Sixth Maine and the other regiments on my right returning to their original line on the flanks of the fort, I faced by the rear rank, and marched at the parade step to the slashing along the line, then faced to the front, and commenced firing on the enemy, who were rapidly and boldly advancing, and were then in good rifle range. I ordered my right wing to fire obliquely to the right, and their close and steady volley struck with terrible effect on the enemy, and when they came within easy distance the whole line opened upon them by file.

When General Hancock ordered the line forward to charge the

---------------

*Statement of casualties embodied in return, p.450.

---------------

