
wounded in the knee in the early part of the engagement, he carried the colors steadily and gallantly to the last.

Captain William A. Bugh, of Company G, was dangerously wounded in the first attack on the line of skirmishers and was disarmed by the advancing foe. He was, however, brought in after the rout of the enemy, and great hopes are entertained of his recovery. It is reported to me that the captain behaved with great coolness and bravery.

The casualties of the day in my regiment are 8 killed on the field, 50 wounded, 2 of whom have since died; none missing.* A detailed report of killed and wounded is herewith respectfully forwarded.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

AMASA COBB,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers.

General W. S. HANCOCK,

Commanding First Brigade, Smith's Division.

No. 55. Report of Brigadier General William T. H. Brooks,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, SMITH'S DIVISION, May 7, 1862.

SIR: It having been reported that the enemy had evacuated his works early on Sunday morning, 4th instant, this brigade was under arms, and the Fifth Vermont, under Lieutenant-Colonel Grant, was sent across the dam. No enemy being discovered, immediate arrangements were made for pursuit. The brigade moved in rear of Hancock's, and on arriving in front of the enemy's intrenchments, placed to protect Williamsburg, the brigade was formed in a line of double columns, in support of Hancock's brigade, deployed in line. This disposition was made with a view of carrying by assault the enemy's works. These arrangements were completed and the advance ordered about dark. It took but a very short time to discover the utter impracticability of any such move. Nothing was known of the country, and an entirely erroneous idea of the nature of the works prevailed.

After a short advance the different lines were halted, and the troops bivouacked on the ground they were on. On the morning of the 5th new dispositions were made; the brigade was put in position to cover our front and support for a short time Mott's battery, placed to enfilade a field battery sent by the enemy to harass Hancock's brigade, that had been sent to turn the enemy's left.

The brigade was kept in this position the most of the day, an eyewitness to the movements of the enemy against Hancock's brigade. Twice it received orders to go to his support. The first time the order was countermanded before starting; the second order was countermanded, and the brigade ordered peremptorily back after it had gone more than half the distance that separated the two brigades. The order to go to his support was given on the receipt of news from our left that the enemy could be seen in large force bearing down on Hancock. He was vigorously assaulted as we were returning to our former position.

On our return the Third Vermont, that had been in advance, now

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.450.

---------------

