
battery to reconnoiter the country toward the Half-way House and toward Grove Wharf. The brigadier from Casey's division will take charge of the whole force. I wish them to act with caution as well as vigor, and to send word back to Lee's Mill for me often. A regiment of cavalry will be sent also, and I wish that to be ordered to look out for the enemy in the direction of Grove Wharf, and the artillery and infantry pushed forward to Half-way House if possible. Strong working parties must repair roads and bridges as far as the troops advance.

E. D. KEYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

Brigadier General H. M. NAGLEE,

Or other Brigadier General in charge of Brigade from Casey's Div.

[Inclosure B.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,Warwick Court-House, May 4, 1862.

SIR: I wish you to send a brigade immediately to Lee's Mill, where it will be joined by Graham's brigade, and then the two to reconnoiter the country toward the Half-way House and Grove Wharf. A regiment of cavalry will be sent toward Grove Wharf, and you will send also two batteries of artillery with the brigade which is to go forward. Graham being sick, I would prefer you should send Naglee,who will take direction of the whole reconnoitering force, and send word back often to me. Send strong working parties to repair the roads as far as the troops advance and occupy Lee's Mill strongly.

E. D. KEYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

Brigadier-General CASEY,

Commanding Division.

[Inclosure C.]
HEADQUARTERS CASEY'S DIVISION, May 4, 1862.

GENERAL: I am directed by Brigadier-General Casey to say that you have your brigade under arms at 9 o'clock a.m. to-day. The men will have one day's rations in their haversacks.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,HENRY W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[General NAGLEE.]

No. 58. Report of Brigadier General William H. Keim,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. KEIM'S BRIGADE, CASEY'S DIVISION,Williamsburg, Va., May 8, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Owing to severe indisposition I followed my brigade slowly, it being in temporary command of Colonel Howell on May 5.

36 R R-VOL XI

