
Of the operation of the three regiments left in charge of Colonel Dutton I respectfully refer you to his report,* herewith inclosed.

The Ninety-second and Ninety-third Regiments New York Volunteers of my command held their position until early morning, when it was discovered that the enemy were evacuating their fortifications, and they went forward to occupy this point.

During the day I was much indebted to Captain Nathan Reeve, assistant adjutant-general, to Lieutenant Fitzgerald Noble, aide-de-camp, and to Colonel A. J. Morrison, formerly of the Seventh New York Cavalry, who was acting as volunteer aide.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier General, Commanding Third Brigade, Casey's Division.

Captain HENRY W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Casey's Division.

No. 60. Report of Major General James Longstreet,

C. S. Army, commanding Second Corps, with congratulatory order from General Joseph E. Johnston, C. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, May 16, 1862.

I have the honor to make the following report of the engagement of the 5th instant near Williamsburg, Va.:

On the afternoon of the 4th instant I received an order from the commanding general to relieve the forces occupying the field works in front of Williamsburg by a brigade of my command. My brigades being small, I ordered two for that service, that of Brigadier General R. H. Anderson and that of Brigadier-General Pryor; also Macon's battery, under Lieutenant Clopton, two guns under Captain Garrett, and two under Captain McCarthy.

Early on the morning of the 5th instant the enemy's sharpshooters drove our picket guards in. An unsuccessful attempt was soon made to recover the ground, but the re-enforcement was found to be insufficient, and the second party was driven in; the enemy all the while re-enforcing rapidly.

Skirmishing was kept up for an hour or two, when I ordered Brigadier-General Wilcox's brigade to re-enforce General Anderson, and put Brigadier General A. P. Hill's brigade in motion, so as to be in convenient supporting distance. These forces were soon brought into action, and the sharp skirmishing of Wilcox's brigade developed the position of the enemy in that direction, to our right. Our troops pressed steadily on, gradually driving the enemy back, developing his great strength as he retired.

Brigadier-General Pickett's brigade was sent forward to General Anderson's support about 10 o'clock. Meanwhile our army and supply trains were moving on, so slowly, however, that Major General D. H. Hill's division was fortunately so delayed as to be left within my reach.

At 12 o'clock it became evident that the trains would not be out of my way before night, and that I could, therefore, make battle without

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

