
wounded had been taken care of, and this was confirmed by statements from different persons. Since leaving Williamsburg I have learned that some of our killed and wounded were not cared for.

Of the gallant Mott, colonel of the Nineteenth Mississippi Volunteers, I ask leave to adopt the language of the lieutenant-colonel of his regiment in his report of this officer's conduct, bearing, and influence:

Justice to the dead requires me to say that the spirit, order, and noble courage which this regiment exhibited is due alone to the efficiency which it had attained under the discipline and influence of its late commanding officer, Colonel C. H. Mott. The deep gloom which pervades his entire command attests the extraordinary hold he had upon the admiration, confidence, and love of his officers and men. This accomplished soldier, model gentleman, and devoted patriot has given his life to his country. No richer contribution, no nobler sacrifice, can ever be laid upon its altar.

The service and the country have alike sustained a grievous loss in the death of Colonel G. T. Ward, commanding the Second Florida,and Lieutenant Colonel Thomas E. Irby, commanding the Eight Alabama. Colonel Ward fell almost at the first fire, as he was leading his men most gallantly into action. Colonel Irby fell after his command had been for some time hotly engaged, and not until he had given many proofs of great skill and courage.

Major General D. H. Hill, a hero of many battle-fields, was conspicuous for the ability and courage exhibited in planning the left attack. In that attack Brigadier-General Early was severely wounded through the body while leading his brigade in an impetuous assault on the enemy's position.

Brigadier General R. H. Anderson was placed in command on the right, and his disposition of his forces and manner of leading them into action displayed great ability and signal gallantry and coolness.

The brigades of Generals C. M. Wilcox and A. P. Hill were long and hotly engaged. Ably led by those commanders, they drove the enemy from every position. The latter brigade, from its severe loss, must have been in the thickets of the fight. Its organization was perfect throughout the battle, and it was marched off the field in as good order as it entered it.

Brigadier General George E. Pickett, greatly distinguished on other fields, used his forces with great effect, ability, and his usual gallantry.

Brigadier General Roger A. Pryor had but a portion of his brigade engaged. He used his small force with effect in making a successful attack, and, toward the close of the conflict, in repelling a vigorous assault of the enemy.

Brigadier-General Colston, though last upon the field, was hotly engaged until darkness put an end to the struggle.

The brigades of Anderson, under Cols. M. Jenkins, Wilcox, A. P. Hill, and Pryor, deserve particular mention for the good order of their march during the night and the following day.

Colonels [James L.] Kemper, [Samuel] Garland (severely wounded, but remaining at the head of his regiment), [M. D.] Corse, [L. B.] Williams (seriously wounded), Major W. H. Palmer (slightly wounded, but remaining with his regiment); Colonel R. W. Jones, of the Fourteenth Louisiana; Lieutenant Colonel Z. York, Colonels [John] Bratton, [John R. R.] Giles, [Samuel] Henry, [J. J.] Woodward, [A. M.] Scales, [P. W.] Roberts, [W. R.] Terry, and [Lieutenant-Colonel] Hairston, of the Twenty-fourth Virginia (both severely wounded); [Joseph] Mayo, [Thomas] Ruffin, jr., and Lieutenant-Colonel [L. Q. C.] Lamar (favorably mentioned by three of the brigadier-generals), discharged their difficult duties with marked skill and fearlessness.

