
I must refer you to the report of brigade and regimental commanders for evidences of the admirable conduct of subordinate officers and men.

The artillery was well served, and Macon's battery, under Lieutenant Clopton; Dearing's battery, Captain Dearing commanding; Stuart Horse Artillery, under Captain Pelham; Stribling's battery, Captain Stribling commanding; two pieces of Garrett's battery, under Captain Garrett and Lieutenant Coke, and two pieces of McCarthy's battery, under Captain McCarthy, were distinguished for the effectiveness and rapidity of their fire. The batteries of Captain Dearing and Lieutenant Clopton delivered their fire under an incessant and galling fire from the enemy's sharpshooters.

I am under many obligations to Brigadier General J. E. B. Stuart, who, while waiting for an opportunity to use his cavalry, was exceedingly active and zealous in conducting the different columns to their proper destinations and in assisting them to get properly into action.

I am also indebted to Major E. P. Alexander, Captains Latham, Mason, and Harvie, and Lieutenants Washington and Hampton, of the staff of the commanding general, for valuable assistance in conveying orders to different points of the field.

My sincere thanks are expressed to my personal staff, Captains Sorrel, Manning, J. W. Fairfax, and Lieutenant Goree. All of these officers so conducted themselves on the filed as to give me great pleasure, satisfaction, and assurance. Captain Manning bore the colors of one of the regiments in a charge and slew three of the enemy himself, receiving a slight wound and another ball through his clothes.

To Dr. Cullen, Chief surgeon, and Surgeons McConkey, Chancellor, Thornhill, Gaston, Post, Peel, Lewis, and Maury our thanks are eminently due for their assiduous labors day and night in the arduous duties of their department.

Casualties.	 Officer	 Non-	 Total.

 s.	 commissione

 	 d officers

 	 and

 	 privates.

Killed	 24	 264	 288

Wounded	 75	 900	 975

Missing	 3	 294	 297

Total	 102	 1,458	 1,560

The reports of brigade commanders are forwarded with this, together with full lists of the casualties.

No report of the engagement has been received from Major General D. H. Hill's division further than his list of casualties.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major THOMAS G. RHETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

No.-- May 6, 1862.

The commanding general announces to the army an important success achieved yesterday in the repulse of the enemy's attack upon the

