
Captain Pelham's report of the conduct of the Stuart Horse Artillery is herewith forwarded. The battery was composed mostly of raw militia from Floyd Country, Virginia, who had received but a few weeks' drill, yet, under the indefatigable exertions of Captain Pelham, ably seconded by his lieutenants and non-commissioned officers, they that day won the name of veterans. The daring and efficient conduct, under circumstances of great personal danger, of Captain John Pelham, First Lieutenant James Breathed, William McGregor, Sergt. Charles R. Ford, Corpl. Moses Felrey, gunner to the Blakeley, and the brave men under them, came under my own observation. In order to appreciate the value of the service rendered by my staff and escort I beg it to be remembered that I was a medium of communication between the different commanders and with General Longstreet, and gave orders to other commands than my own whenever necessary.

The conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Brien, First Virginia Cavalry, my chief of staff, is deserving special mention. His efficiency as a staff officer on the field was hardly excelled by his gallantry as a soldier.

Major Dabney Ball, in action always transformed into the "bold, dashing huzzar," displayed all the admirable qualities which he has so often had ascribed to him on the field.

Lieutenant Chicwell Dabney, my aide-de-camp, was active and brave in the discharge of every duty.

Lieutenant Redmond Burke was ever under great personal danger, and led more than once the re-enforcements sent to Colonel Jenkins to their positions.

Lieutenant J. T. W. Hairston, C. S. Army, on duty with my brigade, rendered very essential and gallant service during the action.

Captain Towles, to whose daring reference has already been made, is entitled to high commendation for the continued exhibition of a quality so desirable in cavalry service.

Captain W. D. Farley had always exhibited such admirable coolness, undaunted courage, and intelligent comprehension of military matters that he would be of invaluable service as a commanding officer assigned to outpost service.

Rev. John Landstreet, chaplain First Virginia Cavalry, was as conspicuous for gallantry and usefulness on the field as he is distinguished for eloquence in the pulpit, and I am greatly indebted to him for the voluntary and important assistance rendered me during the day as well as on previous occasions.

Two gentlemen, who had joined me but a few days before as volunteer aides, Capts. Samuel Hardin Hairston and Samuel G. Staples, gave evidence, by their coolness, intelligence, and conspicuous gallantry, of future distinction in arms, and were of invaluable service to me.

It gives me pleasure to record my obligations to my escort, composed of select young men of rare merit, for their zealous and efficient service, rendered totally regardless of danger, in bearing important verbal dispatches to and from the various commanders; duties which ordinarily devolve on staff officers of rank and experience, but which were performed by them with the most commendable exactitude. Their names are: Corpl. Henry Hagan, First Virginia Cavalry, who was fully up to his reputation for brilliant and dashing courage previously earned; Chief Bugler S. R. Steele, First Virginia Cavalry, was with me most of the day, and Privates Frank S. Findlay, R. M. Hickman (who had his horse killed under him while carrying an important order), Thomas Hollingsworth, Ed. Landstreet, J. McDonald, E. L. Parker, C. P. Ripley,

