
S. M. Routh, J. H. Thompson, R. C. Tomlin, Mortimer Weaver, and C. C. Whiting (the last mentioned quite a youth), displayed signal zeal and intelligence in the discharge of his duty.

A list of prisoners taken and property captured had, I presume, been furnished by other commanders in their reports.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Major THOMAS G. RHETT,

A. A. G., Headquarters Department of Northern Virginia.

No. 63. Report of Captain John Pelham,

commanding Stuart Horse Artillery.

BIVOUAC, NEAR NEW KENT COURT-HOUSE, VA., May 8, 1862.

GENERAL: In pursuance to orders I submit for your inspection a report of the part taken by the Stuart Horse Artillery in the engagement near Williamsburg:

On the 2nd instant I detached the section of mountain howitzers, under Lieutenant Shepherd, to report for duty at brigade headquarters, and reported with the rest of my battery (six pieces) to Colonel Lee, at Bigler's Wharf.

On the 4th the mountain howitzers were engaged in a skirmish below Williamsburg. The following is Lieutenant Shephered's report:

NEAR NEW KENT COURT-HOUSE, VA., May 8, 1862.

CAPTAIN: May 2 I reported, with the two mountain howitzers, to General J. E. B. Stuart. At 4 p.m. on the following day I took position on a small stream which empties near Grove Landing, where I remained until 1 p.m. of the 4th, when I was moved, under General Stuart's direction, on the main road toward Williamsburg. Here a skirmish took place. I fired three rounds spherical case, and then retired, following the cavalry by Grove Landing, then up the Beach road to Williamsburg.

One of my men (Private James W. Smith), having taken sick, was sent to the rear, and was probably taken by the enemy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. T. SHEPHERD,

Second Lieutenant, Stuart Horse Artillery.

Captain JOHN PELHAM,

Commanding Stuart Horse Artillery.

Between 10 and 11 a.m. May 5 I received orders from brigade headquarters to proceed immediately to Williamsburg. I left five of my pieces in Williamsburg, and reported with three (two 12-pounder howitzers and one 12-pounder rifled gun, Blakeley) to General J. E. B. Stuart on the field about 2 p.m.

I took position to the right and in front of Fort Magruder, and opened fire on the enemy,who occupied the woods on the road to Lebanon Church. Here I detached Lieutenant Elston, with two men, to bring off some captured artillery. In a few minutes they returned on foot, their horses having been shot down as soon as they made their appearance at the guns. I held this position under a heavy fire until General Hill's brigade moved up and deployed in front of my battery, when I moved to the left and took position on the Yorktown road, to

