
enfilade the enemy's lines. Here the metal bed of the elevating screw of my Blakeley gun gave way; but it was retained on the filed and did good service. I remained in this position until 5 p.m., when I withdrew for want of ammunition.

I fired 286 rounds of spherical case and 4 of canister from the 12 pounder howitzers and 40 percussion shell and 30 solid shot from the Bakeley gun. Total of 360.

During the entire engagement both officers and men acted with commendable calmness and courage. The example of cool, conspicuous bravery set by Lieutenants Breathed, McGregor, and Elston was emulated by my non-commissioned officers and men.

Casualties as follows: 2 men wounded, Summers and Gibson; 4 horses killed, 3 wounded, and 13 escaped from horse-holders, all of which have since been found expect two.

On the morning of the 6th I left Williamsburg, and encamped at a brick school-house half a mile from Burnt Ordinary.

About 10 a.m., May 7, I received orders from the brigade commander to return to the rear, with a rifled gun and howitzer. The howitzer was left at the Methodist Church, about 1 1/2 miles beyond Burnt Ordinary, under Lieutenant Breathed; the rifled gun was placed in position about a mile farther on. The enemy's cavalry made their appearance in the edge of the woods in front of us, and I fired five shots at them. The shot fell, well scattering them, but I could observe no other effect. I then retired in the rear of the main body of our forces.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers PELHAM,

Captain, Stuart Horse Artillery.

Brigadier General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding Cavalry.

No. 64. Report of Brigadier General Ambrose P. Hill,

C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,Bivouac on Chickahominy, May 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade-composed of the Seventh Virginia Regiment, Colonel J. L. Kemper; Eleventh Virginia, Colonel Samuel Garland; the Seventeenth Virginia, Colonel M. D. Corse, and the First Virginia, Colonel Louis B. Williams-in the battle of the 5th instant, near Williamsburg:

The brigade was ordered under arms early on the morning of the 5th, and I was directed to take such positions on the Yorktown road that I might support either the right or left of our lines as the occasions demanded. A heavy fire of artillery having been directed for some time against the redoubts in front of Williamsburg, between 8 and 9 [o'clock] I received Major-General Longstreet's order to move my brigade forward to the support of Brigadier-General Anderson, occupying the redoubt known as Fort Magruder. The brigade was immediately put in motion, moved forward on the Yorktown and Williamsburg road, and halted to deposit knapsacks, while I sent forward my aide-de-camp, Captain F. T. Hill, to report to General Anderson my advance and receive his orders.

