
shared with the Ninth Alabama the honor of taking eight pieces of artillery.

Our loss has been heavy, and the Eleventh, Colonel Garland, suffered most severely. His regiment ever pressed forward where the chance of winning glory seemed most dangerous. But all the regiments fought with a heroism that, if persisted in, must ever drive back the foe from our soil.

My aide-de-camp, Captain Hill, bore may orders with promptness.

My brigade surgeon, Dr. M. M. Lewis, was untiring in his attentions to the wounded, and richly deserves this slight mention.

Private John C. Hunt, of Company L, Third Virginia Cavalry, one of my couriers, made himself remarked by his activity and cool courage under fire.

The whole brigade did its duty, and when that is said all is said.

Colonel Kemper, of the Seventh, was conspicuous throughout for his daring and energy.

Colonel Garland, of the Eleventh, though wounded early in the action, refused to leave the field, and continued to lead his regiment until the battle was over, and his example had a most happy effect in showing his men how to win the victory.

Colonel Corse, calm and equable as a May morn, bore himself like a true soldier throughout.

Colonel Williams, being separated from the brigade, acted pretty much throughout the day upon his own judgment, and I have to thank him for the admirable manner in which he handled his regiment.

My field officers-Lieutenant-Colonels [David] Funsten, [W. T.] Patton, [Morton] Marye, and Majors [M. S.] Langhorne, [Arthur] Herbert, [William H.] Palmer, and [C. C.] Flowerree-were brave, active, and energetic in the discharge of their duties.

Among those who by the fortune of was were most prominently brought forward and noticed are Captain Simpson, Cadet J. Herbert Bryant, acting adjutant; Color-Sergeant Hatcher, and Color-Corporal H. H. Bradley.

Private Travers, of Company H, took a stand of colors with his own hands.

This regiment mourns the loss of three gallant officers-Captain Humphreys, Lieutenants Addison and Carter-all of the Seventeenth.

Captain Mitchell, of the First, received the swords of tow officers, and Cadet Thomas H. Mercer, assigned to the First, was remarked both by his regimental commander and myself for coolness and daring.

Corp. Lee M. Blanton, though wounded in the head, refused assistance, and himself captured General Patterson's carpet-sack, with his commission, and took 2 prisoners to the near.

Adjt. J. Lawrence Meem, of the Eleventh, was indefatigable in his endeavors to secure the victory, and aided greatly the result.

Private James D. Walkup, of Company K, captured a stand of colors.

Adjutant Starke, of the Seventh, is particularly mentioned by his colonel for his efficiency and gallantry, as well as Sergeant-Major Tansill, Sergeant Dutcher, and Private Mays, acting color-bearer, who had his flag shot from his hand twice and twenty-seven bullet-holes through it, but who continued to bear it bravely to the last.

I cordially indorse Colonel Kemper's high encomiums upon the conduct of Mr. Camp Beckham, late a cadet at the Virginia Military Institute. His conduct was the admiration of all who saw him, and this chance was often presented me.

