
My thanks are due to Captain Charles Pickett, of General Pickett's staff, for efficient aid at a critical moment.

Lieutenant-Colonel [L. Q. C.] Lamar, of the Nineteenth Mississippi, volunteered to serve under my orders, having become separated from his brigade, and was eager of bear his part in the day's fray, nobly seconded by the right wing of his regiment. He rendered me most efficient service.

I append herewith a list of the killed and wounded.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. HILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 65.+ Report of Colonel Montgomery D. Corse,

Seventeenth Virginia Infantry, of battle of Fair Oaks, or Seven Pines, May 31-June 1.

--- --, 1862.

At 4 p.m. I moved my regiment by the left flank, following the Eleventh, in double-quick time for 1 1/2 miles down the Williamsburg road, passing for 500 yards under a heavy artillery and infantry fire to a wood-pile to the left of the Barker House, where we halted for a few minutes to close up the ranks and permit the men to recover breath. The Eleventh was soon put in motion. I followed by the left flank, filing to the right in front of the redoubt and rear of the Barker House and the enemy's camp and the open space beyond, encountering a galling infantry fire from the enemy stationed in the edge of the woods and meeting numbers of our troops falling back, which prevented me from presenting a compact line to the enemy. After advancing some distance I received an order to fall back and reform behind the trenches, which was done in tolerably good order, which position we held until near night-fall, holding the enemy in check until they were driven from their position.

The regiment was then reformed with the brigade, and moved forward through the enemy's camp and occupied the woods beyond, from which they had been driven. About 9 p.m. we were withdrawn and bivouacked a mile to the right and rear of the position occupied by the brigades in the afternoon.

In the advance into the enemy's camp Color-Corporal Morrill was struck down, wounded in three places, and rose upon his elbow to cheer the men forward. The colors were caught by Captain Raymond Fairfax, Company I, and handed to Color-Corporal Diggs, who instantly fell wounded. They were taken by Private Harper, Company E, who retained then until the close of the day. Sergeant-Major Francis fell mortally wounded some distance in advance of the regiment. He was a gallant soldier and most estimable gentleman. Sergeant Basye, Company F, was killed while gallantly charging the enemy far in advance of the regiment. Lieutenant William Gray was killed while bravely cheering his men on. His conduct had been remarkable for heroism on a every occasion in which he has been under fire. Captain Knox, Company

---------------

*Embodied in No. 61.

+Misplaced.

---------------

