
G, Captain Fowle, Company H, and Captain Burke, Company D, were wounded while leading their companies. Lieutenant Adie was wounded while gallantly doing his duty. Lieutenant Thomas V. Fitzhugh received a wound while passing through a shower of lead in the voluntary act of carrying an order to Colonel Moore, of the Eleventh Alabama Regiment. Major Herbert was wounded while passing through a sheet of fire to take charge, by your order, of some companies of Colonel Moore's regiment, to the right and rear of our position, having volunteered for the service; Colonel Moore having previously fallen desperately wounded. Colonel Marye acted with his usual gallantry.

M. D. CORSE,

Colonel, Commanding.

No. 66. Report of Brigadier General R. H. Anderson,

C. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CENTRAL FORCES,Camp near Christian's Mill, May 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Under the instructions which I received on the evening of the 4th instant I occupied at about dark the redoubt near Williamsburg with the troops of General Pryor's and my own brigade, to which Captain Macon's battery, under command of Lieutenant William I. Clopton, two guns of Captain Garrett's battery, and a section of Captain Edward McCarthy's battery, of the Richmond Howitzers, were temporarily attached.

At 6 o'clock in the morning of the 5th our pickets, under the command of Major C. S. Mattison, were driven from the York and Lee's Mill roads, and they retired from the felled woods which lay in front of the redoubts. They were directed to recover their positions, and, supported by two companies of Colonel Jenkins' regiment, a prompt and spirited attempt was made to accomplish that object. Our skirmishers were at first successful and continued to press the enemy back through the timber, but the rapidly-increasing numbers of their opponents compelled them at length to retire to the principal field work, called Fort Magruder. By the time they re-entered this work the enemy had brought cannon to bear upon it. Their fire was vigorously returned by our artillery, while sharpshooters of both sides engaged each other with their rifles. After this sort of encounter had continued for some time I directed General Pryor's brigade which was not required to hold the redoubts was ordered to co-operate with General Wilcox, and I left Fort Magruder to direct the operations on the right. At the same time I called on Generals Hill and Pickett to join me with their brigades. Upon the arrival of General Hill's brigade it was sent rapidly into the woods to the right of General Wilcox. General Pryor was placed on the right of General Hill, and orders were given to advance and drive the enemy back. A very warm encounter immediately ensued. The enemy had the advantage of entire concealment in the thickets until our troops were within a very close range, and from his hiding places he poured tremendous volleys upon our men, but nothing could check their ardor. As soon as the fire of the

