
enemy disclosed his position they rushed upon him and compelled him to retire. General Pickett arrived with his brigade and took a position on the extreme right. That part of Pryor's brigade which had been left in the redoubts was brought up and the fight grew hot.

At this time Captain Stribling's Fauquier Artillery and Captain Dearing's Williamsburg Artillery came up and took post on our left, where they rendered great service against the assaults of the enemy upon Fort Magruder. On the right the enemy was steadily driven from the woods to the fallen timber, in which he endeavored to make a stand, but the spirit of our men was fully aroused. Step by step and hour by hour they continued steadily to advance and to compel the enemy to give ground. All his cannon except one were silenced or captured, and victory seemed almost within our grasp, when night came on and put an end to the conflict.

Of the results of the engagement I cannot at present give an accurate account. Commanders of brigades have had neither time nor opportunity to make their reports. A full report will be rendered as soon as it is practicable. The evidences left upon the ground show that the advantage lay largely on our side in the numbers of killed and wounded. The woods were literally strewn with the dead and wounded of the enemy and with his arms and equipments.

With the imperfect information which I at present possess I can only point out the gallant conduct of the commanders of brigades and batteries, and express my warmest admiration for their zeal and alacrity. The noble courage shown by the men generally needs only a fair field to secure its most precious rewards and to bring freedom and peace to our country.

The fearless bearing and the unceasing assistance rendered by them requires from me a particular notice of the members of my staff-Captain T. S. Mills, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Edward J. Means, acting aide-de-camp, and Mr. E. M. Anderson, volunteer aide-de-camp. The last of these was my brother. He had given his life to his country's cause.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

Captain G. MOXLEY SORREL,

A. A. G., Second Division, Central Forces, Army of the Potomac.

No. 67. Report of Colonel M. Jenkins,

Palmetto Sharpshooters, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,--- --, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report concerning the Second Brigade during the battle of the 5th instant near Williamsburg:

The morning of the 5th and the opening of the battle found the brigade in occupation of five breastworks, being the center, disposed as follows, under the direction of General R. H. Anderson: Battalion of Louisiana Foot Rifies, Captain Goodwyn commanding, in redoubt to the

