
right of Fort Magruder; Jenkin's Palmetto Sharpshooters and Colonel [John R. R.] Giles' Fifth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, in Fort Magruder, with six companies under Colonel Giles; Major W. M. Foster, under orders from General Anderson, took charge, with three companies Fifth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, of redoubt to the left of Fort Magruder,and Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Steedman, with three companies of the Sixth Regiment, was in position in a skirt of woods near to and left of Fort Magruder. Major C. S. Mattison, with his battalion, of the Fourth South Carolina Volunteers, was deployed as skirmishers in front of Fourth Magruder, and opened the battle.

About 6 a.m. the firing between the skirmishers began, and Major Mattison was re-enforced by Captains Kilpatrick's and Evins' companies, from the Palmetto Sharpshooters. Under the personal supervision of General Anderson the skirmishers advanced and forced the enemy to the woods, and afterward received to Fort Magruder.

At 6.30 a.m. firing from Fort Magruder began, picket riflemen from the Palmetto Sharpshooters replying to the enemy, and Captain McCarthy, with two pieces Richmond Howitzers, and Lieutenant Clopton, with three pieces Richmond Fayette Artillery, from Fort Magruder, and Lieutenant John A. Coke, of Captain Garrett's battery, with one piece, whose ammunition giving out, was relieved by Lieutenant Palmer, of same battery, from redoubt on the right, commenced firing, which was kept up nearly all day with great gallantry and to good effect.

I passingly call attention to the admirable service of the artillery in Fort Magruder under most trying circumstances. The enemy's sharpshooters, with superior range of guns, commanded the fort, and one after one the gallant men were shot down, until I was compelled to supply their want with infantry from the Palmetto Sharpshooters. The Fayette Artillery suffered particularly and acted with great gallantry.

The fighting on the right of our line becoming earnest, General Anderson left to take charge, and placed me in command of the brigade, and Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Walker replaced me in command of the Palmetto Sharpshooters.

During the whole morning a constant and heavy fire of rifle and cannon was kept up between the redoubts and Fort Magruder and the enemy's center, and by my orders volley from the long-range guns (rifle muskets) were fired upon the enemy's artillery with perceptible good effect, compelling them to change position and slacken their fire.

About 10 a.m. a considerable body of the enemy advanced under shelter of a fence oblique to Fort Magruder, and by my orders were permitted to come unmolested within close musket range, when a heavy artillery fire and musketry and rifle from the Fifth South Carolina Volunteers and Palmetto Sharpshooters speedily drove them to the woods.

No change of importance-a deadly fire from the front continuing on us, with some loss on our side-occurred until about 3 or 4 p.m., when the enemy advanced a heavy column to the left and opened a battery, raking our position in the redoubts and Fort Magruder. As the report of their movement was made by Lieutenant-Colonel Steedman, I personally reconnoitered, and observing the strength of their position and numbers, reported the fact to the commanding general, Major-General Longstreet, and made the following disposition to meet the demonstration: The Sixth Regiment, Colonel Bratton, was ordered

