
the regimental commanders and Lieutenant-Colonel Gant for their promptness in carrying out orders, and when separated from me the ability they evinced in conduction their regiments.

I take pleasure in calling attention to the efficient service rendered to my own as well as to other brigades by the gallant Captain Manning, aide-de-camp to the major-general commanding.

To my personal staff-Lieutenants Baird and Pickett and Captain Croxton-I am much indebted for the continuous and arduous duties they performed under a most galling and annoying fire. Captain Croxton having been sent with an order, was during the early part of the engagement with General Pryor and Lieutenant-Colonel Berkeley, of the Eighth. These gentleman speak of his being of great assistance to them.

I respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding to those specially mentioned in regimental reports by their colonels.

I must mention also the dastardly subterfuges of an enemy pretending to be civilized, such a raising a white flag and pretending to surrender in order to stop our fire to allow their re-enforcements to come up and enable them to pour in a deadly volley upon and honorable and too unsuspecting foe.

Our loss was quite severe:

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

Officers	 2	 9	 1

Enlisted men	 24	 129	 25

Total	 26	 138	 26

Grand total	 ---	 ---	 190

The brigade entered the action with 1,529 muskets. Accompanying is a full list of casualties.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 69. Report of Brigadier General Roger A. Pryor,

C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE, May 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: About 9 o'clock on the morning of the 5th I received verbal orders from several sources to move my command to the support of Brigadier-General Wilcox, who was expecting to engage the enemy to the left of my front. As my brigade was distributed among four redoubts, which Brigadier-General Anderson had instructed me to hold at every hazard, and as I had received no authoritative command to evacuate

---------------

*Not found. See No. 61.

---------------

