
qualities of a superb soldier-resource, courage, and coolness, all in the highest degree.

With Colonel Jones I was associated throughout the day, and assuredly a more devoted and more capable officer the service cannot boast. At every moment of the fight he animated his men by a conspicuous display of fidelity to duty and indifference to danger. Lieutenant-Colonel York, of the same regiment (Fourteenth Louisiana), also conducted himself in admirable style.

The fall of the gallant Irby, Eighth Alabama, I lament, not less because of his engaging qualities as a gentleman than by reason of the loss sustained by the country in his death.

Captain Leech and Lieutenant Bradley, of the Fourteenth Louisiana, greatly distinguished themselves.

Captain Wrenn, my assistant adjutant-general, deserves especial mention for the intelligence, alacrity, and courage exhibited in communicating my orders.

In conclusion, captain, I beg to protest that no exclusive compliment is intended in particularizing the foregoing names. I distinguish them because their conduct chanced to fall immediately under my observation.

I owe it to the officers and soldiers of my command to declare that their valor and devotion realized my highest conception of patriotic duty.

I append a list* of casualties, from which it will be seen that out of a force not exceeding 700 men carried into action we left 174 killed and wounded, exclusive of 20, of whom we have no account.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROGER A. PRYOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 70. Report of Brigadier General Cadmus M. Wilcox,

C. S. Army, commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. WILCOX'S BRIGADE, LONGSTREET'S DIVISION,Near Richmond, Va., May 25, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the engagement of the 5th instant, near Williamsburg, Va.:

On the evening of the 3rd instant, after dark, that portion of my brigade that was under my command was withdrawn from Wynn's Mill and concentrated at Lebanon Church, where it remained till near daylight the following morning. The march was then resumed along the road leading to Williamsburg, the road being almost impracticable for wagons and artillery, rendered so by recent and unusually heavy rains. The enemy pursued, and slight collisions occurred between our and their cavalry, the last of these in the vicinity of Williamsburg, near 5

---------------

*Not found. See No. 61.

---------------

