
the enemy in position slightly elevated. They pushed forward eagerly over a flat and boggy soil, and after a sharp engagement dislodged the enemy and followed him into the fallen timber beyond. This consisted of large, full-grown pines that had been felled, forming such an entangled mass of logs and brush as to render it difficult to penetrate. This regiment had advanced but a short distance when it entered an open field swept by the artillery from one of our redoubts in rear. The enemy were pursued over the logs and through the brush, every log being used as a breastwork or cover for the enemy. The Nineteenth Mississippi met the enemy compactly formed under cover and in rear of a fence and piled-up logs. This regiment, led by its intrepid colonel, after a few minutes of close musketry, less than 30 yards, charged the enemy, and a stubborn fight ensued, but the enemy were forced to yield, leaving the ground thickly strewn with the dead and wounded. Driven from the fence and piled logs, they attempted to form in rear, but were again forced back, and sought refuge in the fallen timber.

It was directly and close in front of the fence that the gallant Mott fell mortally wounded, being pierced through the breast with a Minie bullet, leading his regiment in the charge with the heroism of a true and veteran soldier.

The Tenth Alabama reformed, as before stated, and pressed on vigorously. Its major, W. H. Forney, was soon stricken down with a painful wound while leading his regiment, displaying both coolness and skill.

The line of march of the regiment was marked by the enemy's dead.

This regiment, after reaching the fallen timber, received orders from General Hill.

The Nineteenth Mississippi, after the fall of its highly-esteemed and brave colonel, was commanded during the remainder of the day by its lieutenant-colonel, L. Q. C. Lamar. This officer, suddenly called to the command of his regiment, acquitted himself creditably throughout this long and stubbornly-contested musketry fight, proving himself in all respects a competent, daring, and skillful officer.

After the enemy had been driven into the fallen timber this regiment, as well as others, refilled their cartridge boxes from those of the enemy's dead. Their knapsacks contained 60 rounds.

The Nineteenth Mississippi was ordered from this part of the field farther to the right by General Hill, and subsequently received orders from General Pryor. The Twenty-eighth Virginia, Colonel Allen, occupied the ground vacated by the Nineteenth Mississippi. The enemy were in the fallen timber in front. The Ninth Alabama had continued to press on after the enemy, forcing him from log to log used by them for cover. It was annoyed by an occasional shot from the battery, whose fire was mostly directed against the redoubt. As it approached nearer the battery grape and canister were showered upon it in rapid volleys. The musketry having almost ceased in front of the Twenty-eighth Virginia, I moved to the front some 70 or 80 yards, and seeing infantry off to the left closely engaged with the enemy in rear of the battery, which had ceased firing, I ordered the Twenty-eighth Virginia forward, and on reaching the battery found that it had been taken by the Ninth Alabama. Some 250 or 300 yards beyond the captured battery was a heavy forest, under cover of which the enemy might drive us from the battery. The Twenty-eighth Virginia and Ninth Alabama were ordered into this wood, and had scarcely entered it when they became engaged in a sharp musketry fight. A message was sent to the

