
with one of his regiments, very closely engaged with the enemy. General Pryor at once ordered me to throw two of my companies to the right, to arrest an apprehended attack [flank?] movement of the enemy. The remaining portion of the regiment was held in reserve. The enemy here ceased his attack, and in this position I remained until near 8 p.m., when, pursuant to orders, I moved my regiment from the field. From the time the order to advance was given until the conflict terminated this regiment was under fire, and through it all both officers and men bore themselves with an intrepidity which merits the highest commendation.

Where all were so conspicuously brave it is almost invidious to discriminate. First Lieutenant Thomas and Second Lieutenant Lindsay, of Company A, did their duty well and bravely. Captain Vaughan, First Lieutenant Phipps,and Second Lieutenant Burney, of Company F, deserve the highest commendation for the manner in which they handled their company, composed, as it was, in large part of raw recruits. Third Lieutenant Owens, of the same company, though acting commissary of the regiment, joined the company and behaved in the most gallant manner. Lieutenant Key (Company D), when his captain was forced by his wound to leave the field, took command of the company, and acted with coolness and courage throughout. The officers and men of Company H, under Captain McKenzie, fought with resolution and enthusiasm. Its gallant commander received a most painful wound while leading on his men. To Captain Hardin and Lieutenant Barksdale, of Company I, and Captain N. H. Harris, of Company C, especial praise is due not only for their gallant bearing on the field, but for their unremitting attention to their gallant bearing on the field, but for their unremitting attention to their respective commands. The conduct of their men was admirable. Second Lieutenant Dean and Third Lieutenant Tyson, of Company I, were wounded, fighting bravely at their posts. I would here acknowledge my obligations to Lieutenant M. B. Harris, of Company C, for the essential service he did me as acting adjutant of the regiment. I avail myself of this opportunity to express my thanks and the gratitude of the regiment to our surgeon, Dr. Robert H. Peel, assisted by Dr. Amos, of Virginia, for their prompt attention and kind provision for our wounded.

I append herewith a list of the casualties in this regiment, from which it appears that our loss amounts to 100 killed and wounded.* In consequence of heavy details and sickness among our recruits we carried into the field only 501 men.

In conclusion it is proper to state that my active connection with this regiment has been until recently very slight, and justice to the dead requires me to say that the order, spirit, and noble courage exhibited by this regiment are due alone to the efficiency which it had attained under the discipline and influence of its late commanding officer, Colonel C. H. Mott. The deep gloom which pervades this command attests the extraordinary hold he had upon the admiration, confidence, and love of his officers and men. This accomplished soldier, model gentleman, and devoted patriot has given his life to his country. No richer contribution, no nobler sacrifice, can ever be laid upon its altar.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. Q. C. LAMAR,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Nineteenth Regiment Mississippi Vols.

Captain W. A. HARRIS,

A. A. G., General Wilcox's Brigade.

---------------

*See No. 61.

---------------

