
the favor of Heaven, the justice of our cause, and the indomitable pluck of Southern troops. Our Revolutionary sires did not suffer more at Valley Forge than did our army at Yorktown and in the retreat from it. Notwithstanding the rain, mud, cold, hunger, watching, and fatigue I never heard a murmur or witnessed a single act of insubordination. The want of discipline manifested itself only in straggling, which was and still is the curse of our army. This monstrous evil can only be corrected by a more rigid government and a sterner system of punishment than have yet been introduced into our service.

The list of casualties has been previously submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 75 Report of Brigadier General Jubal A. Early,

C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

LYNCHBURG, VA., June 9, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my brigade on Monday, May 5, last near Williambsburg:

In accordance with orders received the evening before, my brigade was in readiness to take up the line of march from its camp west of Williamsburg toward Richmond at 3 a.m. on the 5th ultimo, but having been detained by the difficulty with which the brigades, with their trains, that preceded it, moved off, about or a little before noon, just as my regiments were formed for the purpose of commencing the march, I was directed by Major General D. H. Hill not to move my infantry; and in a short time I was ordered by him to march back and report with my regiments to Major-General Longstreet at Williamsburg, which I did, having with me my brigade proper, consisting of the Fifth North Carolina Regiment, commanded by Colonel D. K. McRae; the Twenty-third North Carolina Regiment, commanded by Colonel John F. Hoke; the Twenty-fourth Virginia Regiment, commanded by Colonel William R. Terry, and the Thirty-eighth Virginia Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Powhatan B. Whittle; to which were attached the Second Florida Regiment, commanded by Colonel George T. Ward, and the Second Mississippi Battalion, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel John G. Taylor.

After reporting to Major-General Longstreet my command, by his orders, was halted in the open space in rear of the college buildings, where it remained until some time between 3 and 4 p.m., when I was ordered by General Longstreet to move to the support of Brigadier-General Anderson, of his division, at or near Fort Magruder, and to send a messenger to let him know that I was coming. I immediately put my command in motion, moving as rapidly as the condition of the streets would permit, and sent my aide, Lieutenant S. H. Early, to inform General Anderson of the fact. Before reaching Fort Magruder I was met by Lieutenant Early, who informed me that General Anderson was not at the fort, but somewhere to the right, where his troops were engaged with the enemy, and that Brigadier-General Stuart, who was in charge at Fort Magruder, requested that I should send four regiments to the right and two to the left of the fort. Before this movement could

