
Numbers 7.-Brigadier General Henry W. Slocum, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 8.-Brigadier General John Newton, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 9.-Colonel John M. Gosline, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 10.-Major General Gustavus W. Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Reserve.

Numbers 11.-Brigadier General William H. C. Whiting, C. S. Army, commanding First Division.

Numbers 12.-Brigadier General John B. Hood, C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 13.-Colonel Wade Hampton, Hampton (S. C.) Legion, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General William B. Franklin,

U. S. Army, commanding division.
HEADQUARTERS FRANKLIN'S DIVISION,At Brick House, May 7, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that this morning, about 7 o'clock, our pickets were driven in on our left flank, and that after skirmishing for about two hours the action became quite sharp at the right extremity of that flank. Our reserves were driven in several times but returned to their positions each time with ardor. Finally we held the position which we had taken in the morning, and at several points of the line advanced our positions. Wherever we advanced the enemy was found in rifle pits. The day has been a success, and but for the extreme want of forage and provisions, owing to the deficiency of transportation and the difficulty of landing, we might have followed it up. As it is, I congratulate myself that we have maintained our position.

General Newton's command was most severely engaged, and his conduct and that of that of General Slocum, who has charge, respectively, of the right and left wings, was admirable.

All of the officers and men behaved admirably, and with transportation and forage we could move on to-morrow. I respectfully request that instructions may be given to send up forage and transportation immediately, as we are entirely tied down for want of them.

General Sedgwick's infantry has arrived. The killed and wounded amount to nearly 100. A more detailed report will be given as soon as possible.

Very respectfully,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF DIVISION,White House, Va., May 17, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the landing of my division on York River near West Point on the 6th instant, and of the action with the enemy near the point of disembarkation on the 7th instant:

In obedience to the orders of the general-in-chief the division left Cheeseman's Creek, Poquosin River, during the night of the 4th and morning of the 5th instant, using for the infantry and a portion of the cavalry the transportation which had brought them from Alexandria, and for the artillery canal-boats fastened together in pairs, decked over so as to serve as wharves, and a few barges and schooners.

