
I respectfully refer you to Brigadier-General Newton's report for the names of others engaged who particularly distinguished themselves.

Generals Slocum and Newton commanded the left and right wings respectively, and both showed superior skill in placing troops on the field; and General Newton, who had the good fortune to have his brigade in action, showed also great judgment in handling his regiments under fire.

The arrangements for the care of the wounded were made under direction of Brigade Surgeon Hamilton, acting medical director of the division, and were admirable. No wounded man suffered from want of any attention that it was possible to afford him, and all had their wounds dressed immediately after they were brought in.

I regret that our loss was so heavy, but it is no larger than might have been anticipated, considering the severity of the attack and the numbers engaged on both sides. The number of officers killed and wounded is uncommonly large, and the small number of wounded in proportion to the number killed leads to the inference that the few that are missing are wounded and in the hands of the enemy.

I have been informed by Acting Brigade Surgeon Oakley that he saw one of our dead who had had his throat cut by one of the enemy. No comment is necessary.

I inclose a list of the killed, wounded, and missing, which is as complete as it can be made at present.*

As the action was confined to a comparatively small part of the division, it is only justice to the whole division to say that their conduct was admirable during the whole day. Those who were not engaged were ready and anxious to be called into action, though it was generally supposed that the force which engaged us was far superior to that which it was in our power to bring against it.

The services of all my staff were rendered well and efficiently. The only one who ran any extraordinary risk was Captain J. P. Baker, First Cavalry, aide-de-camp, who afterward, by his presence of mind in directing the fire of the guns of Lieutenant Upton's battery at a critical moment, was the means of saving the life, or at least the liberty, of Captain Montgomery, General Newton's assistant adjutant-general.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

---------------

*See Numbers 2.

---------------

