
Numbers 2. Return of Casualties in the Union forces.

Killed. Wounded. Captain or miss.

 Of	 Enl	 Of	 Enli	 Of	 Enl	 Agg

 fi	 ist	 fi	 sted	 fi	 ist	 reg

Command.	 ce	 ed	 ce	 men.	 ce	 ed	 ate

 rs	 men	 rs	 	 rs	 men	 .

 .	 .	 .	 	 .	 .

5th Maine	 -	 1	 -	 2	 -	 -	 3

1st New Jersey	 -	 -	 -	 3	 -	 -	 3

16th New York	 -	 5	 1	 7	 -	 -	 13

31st New York	 4	 19	 2	 31	 -	 27	 83

32nd New York	 3	 9	 2	 53	 -	 -	 67

95th Pennsylvania	 -	 7	 1	 7	 -	 1	 16

New Jersey light	 -	 -	 -	 1	 -	 -	 1

Artillery, Battery A

Total	 7	 41	 6	 104	 -	 28	 186

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Richard Arnold,

Fifth U. S. Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

CUMBERLAND, VA., May 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of the artillery brigade, of General Franklin's division, from Sunday, the 4th instant, up to the disembarkation at the head of York River, opposite West Point, as well as the part it performed during the action which took place on the 7th instant:

An order was received at 10 o'clock on the 4th instant to embark the artillery at Poquosin River for Yorktown. This was accomplished, and the fleet was in motion at 12 o'clock on the following day, arriving opposite Yorktown at dusk. Here we remained until the following morning, when, by General Franklin's order, we steamed for West Point, arriving at about 5 p.m. The place for disembarkation being designated, the steamer Boardman, towing the principal part of the artillery and the pontoon train, moved successfully, without obstructions or detention, directly to the shore, where wharves of canal-boats were speedily placed, and three batteries were run on shore at 10 p.m. At 10 a.m. the next morning all the batteries of the division complete were landed. So from 6 o'clock p.m. of one day to 10 a.m. of the next four complete batteries were transferred to an unknown shore on wharves of our own arrangement and ready for immediate action.

During the night of the 6th rumors were in circulation that an attack would be made in the morning by the enemy. About 9 o'clock a.m. the pickets were seriously engaged, and Company D, Second Artillery, under Lieutenant E. Upton, Fifth Artillery, and the First New Jersey Battery, under Captain Hexamer, all commanded by Captain E. R. Platt, Second Artillery, were ordered to report to and were placed in position by General Newton. Captain Wilson, First New York Battery [F, First New York Light Artillery], was ordered to report to General Slocum, and was placed in the center. Captain J. Porter, First Massachusetts Battery, finished the disembarkation about 10 a.m., when it was attached to General Dana's brigade and placed on the left, resting on the

