
others burst far short of their mark. Two of the shells exploded at a distance not greater than 900 yards from the guns and very near to Hexamer's battery, which was in front and slightly on our left.

Not being able to rely upon the fuses a round of solid shot was fired, all of which was seen to enter near the edge the woods. The firing was then ceased and the battery took up an advanced position on the right, and in line with Hexamer, about 600 yards from the woods. Five spherical case were fired from this position, when the enemy retired. The battery was hitched up all night, but no further demonstration was made. There were no casualties in the battery. The firing has been reported as very accurate by those of our infantry who were in the engagement to Captain Arnold, through whose untiring exertions the artillery was disembarked and enabled to participate in the action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EMORY UPTON,

First Lieutenant, Fifth Artillery, Commanding Company.

Brigadier General W. F. BARRY,

Chief of Artillery.

Numbers 7. Report of Brigadier General Henry W. Slocum,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,Near West Point, Va., May 7, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in the engagement which occurred to-day I was in command of the center and left wing of our forces. It was apparent soon after the commencement of the engagement that the efforts of the enemy were to be directed mainly against our right wing, and at the request of General Newton I sent re-enforcements to him consisting of the Fifth maine Volunteers, the Sixteenth and Twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, which are attached to the brigade under my command. The brigade of General Dana and the Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, of my brigade, were retained on the left.

All of our troops, so far as my observation extended, behaved with great coolness and bravery. The First Massachusetts Battery, under command of Captain Porter, is entitled to great credit for the accuracy of its fire.

I am greatly indebted to Captain H. C. Rodgers Captain Hopkins, Captain Sturdevant, and Lieutenants Wead and Shannon, members of my staff, all of whom were actively engaged during the entire day; also to Lieutenant Harbert, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, and Lieutenant Landon, adjutant Seventh Michigan Volunteers, who volunteered their services as staff officers, and proved of great assistance to me.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.

Captain E. SPARROW PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

