
All the troops engaged behaved with great steadiness, and I will only particularize the Thirty-first New York Volunteers, Colonel Calvin E. Pratt, and the Thirty-second New York, Colonel Roderick Matheson, who suffered the severest losses. The Thirty-first charged the enemy in the woods and drove them before them until they gained an advantageous position, which, supported by the First New Jersey, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel McAllister, they heroically maintained until the end of the action against greatly superior numbers of the enemy. The Thirty-second New York made a brilliant advance, driving superior forces with the bayonet for a considerable distance through the woods, until their progress was arrested by the enemy's reserves and a battery of artillery, when they retired slowly and in good order to their position. I may add that the Eighteenth New York, Colonel W. H. Young, advanced firmly upon the enemy, received several volleys at close range, and, singular to state, without losing a man or without firing a shot in return. The steady advance of this regiment on my left, supported by the Fifth Maine, Colonel Jackson, was of great service. The Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Gosline commanding, behaved very well, bringing on the action with the enemy and keeping him well occupied.

Our loss in the action was 200 killed, wounded, and missing; that of the enemy I have no means of ascertaining. I am under great obligations to Colonel A. T. A. Torbert, of the First New Jersey, general officer of the day, for re-enforcements which he brought up from time to time during the day, and to Captain Platt, who commanded the battalion of artillery engaged, for his efficient services.

I regret to add a long list of killed and wounded amongst the officers engaged. Captain Heiss, of the Thirty-first New York, with a single company in front of a regiment of the enemy, disdaining to retire, was killed whilst his two lieutenants, Klein and Schickhardt, were wounded the former mortally and the latter severely. Of this one company all the non-commissioned officers save 1 were killed, and 40 privates killed and wounded, evincing a degree of heroism which is worthy of all praise.

Captain Fuller, of the same regiment, who was intrusted with the duty of protecting the left flank, repulsed with great loss three companies of the enemy who made that attempt, in which service Lieutenant Babcock, of his company, was mortally wounded. Captain Fuller speaks in the highest terms of this lamented officer, and of his second lieutenant, A. E. King. Lieutenant Pross, of same regiment, was killed and Lieutenant Frossard badly wounded, whilst advancing boldly upon the enemy. Captain Sloan, of same regiment, deserves the highest mention for his bravery, coolness, and judgment during the action.

Of the Thirty-second New York Captains Young and Brown and Lieutenant Wallace were killed whilst urging their men forward against overwhelming forces. Colonel Matheson, commanding this regiment, speaks in the most exalted terms of the gallantry displayed by these lamented officers, and also of Lieutenants Twaddell and Stone, who were severely wounded whilst leading their commands against the enemy.

Captain Curtis, of the Sixteenth New York, whilst bravely leading two companies in a charge, was shot in the left breast and severely wounded.

Captain Beattes, of the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was severely wounded in the shoulder whilst performing his duty.

