
the range was too great, and the battery was withdrawn, the density of the woods making it useless on land. A gunboat got into position against the bluff just afterward, and got its range with great accuracy and rapidity, firing exceedingly well. The only effect, however, was the wounding of 2 of the Sixth North Carolina-not dangerously, however. Our ambulance train was then ordered up and the dead and wounded cared for. The enemy left many of his upon the field. The most painful cases of the later were taken up by our surgeons and carried in to be attended to.

At his time (between 1 and 2 p.m.), the object designated having been accomplished, I ordered Brigadier-General Hood and Colonel Hampton to withdraw the line and take position in line of battle, to cover the march of the force from Barhamsville. This was done leisurely. Prisoners taken in action reported General Franklin to be in command of the enemy. Brigadier General John Newton, of Virginia, commanded the brigade, at first opposed to us. I gathered also, but am not sure, that one brigade of the enemy was under command of Brigadier General Philip Kearny.

To the conspicuous gallantry of Major-General Hood and Colonel Wade Hampton, with the small number of brave troops immediately under their command, the credit of the engagement is due, and the result, which it was designed to effect, was that the large baggage, ordnance, and artillery train was quietly and successfully moved, in perfect order, within three-quarters of a mile of 20,000 of the enemy upon our flank.

My thanks are due to all of my staff for their service during the day; to Major J. H. Hill, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Strong, aide-de-camp, in disposing the reserves; especially to Colonel Upson, of Texas, and captain Vanderhorst, of South Carolina, aides, and Captain Frobel, of the artillery, who accompanied the advanced troops wherever they found the enemy, and of the troopers of the Hampton Legion, under Sergeant Beattie,

attached to headquarters, all of whom brought me important information and did their duty well.

I take occasion to make my acknowledgments to Brigadier-General Anderson, of Tennessee, who, arriving on the field at a critical moment to the support of General Hood, and placing two of his regiments, in the fire of the enemy, courteously waived the command, although senior to us all. I am informed that a few of his soldiers were wounded.

I transmit herewith the reports of Brigadier-General Hood and Colonel Wade Hampton, by which you will see that our loss is very small-8 killed, 32 wounded, and none missing. We took 46 prisoners.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division of Reserves.

Major JASPER S. WHITING, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 12. Report of Brigadier General John B. Hood,

C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TEXAS BRIGADE,Near Barhamsville, Va., May 7, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at 7 o'clock this morning, agree-

