
Decatur, of the First Texas, who fell under the heavy fire upon the flank of his regiment.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. HOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Texas Brigade.

Major JAMES H. HILL, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel Wade Hampton,

Hampton (S. C.) Legion, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,---, -- -, 1862.

MAJOR: In pursuance of orders from General Whiting to take the Legion into the wood adjacent to the Brick-House, on the morning of the 7th instant I ordered the infantry battalion, under Lieutenant-Colonel Griffin, to proceed on the road from Barhamsville to the York river and to attack the enemy, reported to be then in occupation of the woods. The Nineteenth Georgia Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson commanding, was ordered to take position near the entrance of the road into the woods. The two flank companies of this regiment were detached to act as skirmishers, together with two from the Legion, the four being placed under the command of Major Conner, of the Legion. Major Lee was directed to hold four rifled pieces in readiness, either to support the infantry or to attack the shipping of the enemy if this latter was found practicable. The skirmishers entered the wood, two companies on each side of the road, followed by the infantry of the Legion. As soon as we entered the woods General Hood's command opened fire on the enemy on our left, and soon afterward I fell in with the Fifth Texas Regiment, Colonel Archer commanding, which had got into the same road we were pursuing. Fearing a collision between my command and that of General Hood, should they be thrown together in the thick woods, I acceded to the request of Colonel Archer, and allowed him to precede me until he had formed a junction with General Hood. After that the line was drawn at right angles to the road, General Hood being on the left and my command on the right of it. In this order we advanced, driving back the enemy, who seemed to be re-enforced constantly, to the very edge of the woods. As soon as their own men were clear of the woods the enemy opened fire on us from their gunboats and a field battery in our front. Anticipating an attempt to turn my right flank, I sent, by permission of General Whiting, for the Nineteenth Georgia, which came to me at double-quick and took position rapidly and steadily on my right, though the fire of the enemy was then very heavy. Soon after they had taken position an order came directing them to move to the support of Major Lee, who had opened fire on the vessels of the enemy.

General Hood had withdrawn his command by this time and before I could withdraw the Legion a strong attack was made on the line of Colonel Griffin, which resulted in wounding 4 of my men. My men returned this fire, and, responding to my order to charge with a cheer, drove the enemy back.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties omitted shows 8 killed and 29 wounded.

---------------

