
Colonel Griffin was now left quite alone, and as soon as the wounded could be placed in the ambulances I withdrew the Legion from a position which had become very precarious.

I am happy to say that I lost in killed no men: 4 were wounded.

As I sent back various prisoners taken by the Texans, I am not quite sure of the number taken by my men. My officers of the Nineteenth Georgia report the number as 12.

I take great pleasure in saying that the conduct of officers and men met my entire approval. Colonel Griffin, in command of the Legion, handled them admirably, while Major Conner did the same with his four companies of skirmishers.

Colonel [Thomas C.] Johnson and Major A. J. Hutchins, of the Nineteenth Georgia, behaved as well as I could desire, while Major Lee again displayed the soldierly conduct for while he is conspicuous.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADE HAMPTON,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Major JAMES H. HILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 7-8, 1862.-Reconnaissance to Mulberry Point, James River, Va.

Report of Major Rober Morris, jr., Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CAMP SIXTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,

Near Yorktown, May 8, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the result of a reconnaissance made last night and this morning in obedience to orders of May 7, received at 4 o'clock p.m. on the 8th:

In command of our squadron of the sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, I left camp near Yorktown at 5 p.m. on the 7th, and reached the ground of an old camp, marked C on sketch Numbers 1 o'clock a.m. I found the map which was furnished me quite inaccurate after leaving Lee's Mill. The country was heavily timbered and the roads almost impassable. I found three guns in the large fort on Mulberry Point, all 7-inch bore, after pattern in the inclosed rough sketch; the carriages burnt; also the carriages of four other guns destroyed in line manner. The magazines were three in number, two destroyed by fire, the third not yet finished. I also found 200 7-inch cannon balls, a lot of spades, picks, wheelbarrows, and timber ready for use.

The small fort on the extreme point is not completed and is surrounded by swamps, the only approaches being by the river and beach. It contained nothing but cooking implements.

I was informed that the enemy advanced their works and camps on Friday last, and all the residents about this point have left. I discovered grain to the amount of 500 bags; also some cattle. Two gunboats with steam up remained on the opposite shore during the morning. As they displayed no flags, it is impossible to say on which side they belong.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. MORRIS, JR.,

Major, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

