
MAY 8, 162.-Engagement near Sewell's Point, Va.

Report of Captain James F. Milligan, C. S. Army.

NORFOLK, VA., May 8, 1862.

A lively engagement now going on with the enemy's gunboats and monitor, who are shelling Sewell's Point.

J. F. MILLIGAN,

Captain, Signal Corps.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

MAY 10, 1862.-Occupation of Norfolk and Portsmouth, Va., by the Union Forces.

Report of Major General John E. Wool, U. S. Army, and congratulation from President Lincoln.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., May 12, 1862.

SIR: On the 9th of May (Friday afternoon) I organized a force to march against Norfolk.

On Saturday morning, the 10th of May, the troops were landed, under the direction of Colonel Cram, at Ocean View, and commenced the march toward Norfolk, under the direction of Brigadier-General Mansfield and Weber, who proceeded on the direct route by way of Tanner's Creek Bridge, but finding it on fire, they returned to the cross-roads, where I joined them and took the direction of the column.

I arrived by the old road and entered the intrenchments in front of the city at 20 minutes before 5 p.m. I immediately proceeded toward Norfolk, accompanied by the Honorable Secretary Chase, and met the mayor and a select committee of the common council of Norfolk at the limits of the city, when they surrendered the city, agreeably to the terms set forth in the resolutions of the common council, presented by the mayor, W. W. Lamb, which were accepted by me so far as related to the civil rights of the citizens.

A copy of the resolutions have been already furnished you.

I immediately took possession of the city, and appointed Brigadier General Egbert L. Viele military governor of Norfolk, with directions to see that the citizens of Gosport and Portsmouth.

The making of Norfolk caused the destruction of the iron-clad steamer Merrimac, which was blown up by the rebels about 5 o'clock on the morning of the 11th of May, which was soon after communicated to you and the President of the United States. On the 11th I visited the navy-yard, and found all the work-shops, store-houses, and other buildings in ruins, having been set on fire by the rebels, who at the same time partially blew up the dry-dock.

I also visited Craney Island, where I found thirty-nine guns of large caliber, most of which were spiked; also a large number of shot and shells, with about 5,000 pounds of powder, all of which, with the buildings, were in good order. So far as I have been able to ascertain we have taken about two hundred cannon, including those at Sewell's Point

