
the bridge, extinguishing the fire which had been communicated to the structure by the enemy. I found that he had some time previous to my arrival deployed a line of skirmishers along the river bottom.

Soon after my arrival the enemy brought down to the opposite end of the bridge three pieces of artillery, and endeavored to drive way our sharpshooters, in which they did ont succeed. I ordered four pieces of artillery to be brought down and placed near the bridge, and soon succeeded in driving the enemy's pieces from their position. I remained on the ground until 5 o'clock, when I gave orders to repair the bridge and for the pickets to cross over as soon as this was accomplished. A short time after the pickets were ordered away from the bridge, as I was informed by General Devens, but not until a number had succeeded in crossing. The result of the reconnaissance was to put us in possession of the bridge and supply important information which had been sought for some days.

The conduct of General Naglee was prompt and skillful and the troops behaved well. I inclose his report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SILAS CASEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Casey's division, of operations May 20-23.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, CAMP ON RICHMOND ROAD,Three Miles from Bottom's Bridge, May 21, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully report that in accordance with the order of General Casey, at 9 a.m. yesterday I proceeded with the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania, Colonel Davis; Fifty-sixth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Jourdan; one company, under Captain Harvey, of 50 selected men, from the Eleventh Maine; two companies, commanded by Captains Davis and Silver, of 100 men, selected from the Fifty-second Pennsylvania, and two batteries of the Eighth [?] New York, Colonel Bailey's, to make a reconnaissance of the railroad bridge and the left bank of the Chickahominy from that point to Bottom's Bridge.

We arrived upon the ground at 10 a.m. Twenty men of the eleventh Maine were ordered to proceed cautiously along the northern side of the embankment of the railroad until they should get under cover of the woods and thence to the bridge, with instructions to drive away the pickets of the enemy which were within the cut at the railroad guard-house on the left bank as well as those on the other side. The other 30 were deployed obliquely to the right and rear of the 20, and ordered to clear the woods and hold the bank of the river above the railroad bridge. Captain Orem, of Company B, of the One hundred and fourth, was placed in their rear to support them and protect our right flank. At the same time 20 selected men were started along the left side of the railroad embankment with 80 others, ordered to deploy diagonally to their left and rear and gradually, after clearing the woods,

