
ahominy, below the swamp. Moreover, the troops were then greatly exhausted, and required rest in a more secure position.

I extended my examination of the country as far as Haxall's, looking at all the approaches to Malvern, which position I perceived to be the key to our operations in this quarter, and was thus enabled to expedite very considerably the passage of the trains and to rectify the positions of the troops. Everything being them quiet, I sent aides to the different corps commanders to inform them what I had done on the left, and to bring me information of the condition of affairs on the right. I returned from Malvern to Haxall's, and having made arrangements for instants

communication from Malvern by signals, went on board of Captain Rodger's gunboat, lying near, to confer with him in reference to the condition of our supply vessels and the state of things on the river. It was his opinion that it would be necessary for the army to fall back to a position below City Point, as the channel there was so near the southern shore that it would not be possible to bring up the transports should the enemy occupy it. Harrison's Landing was, in his opinion, the nearest suitable point. Upon the termination of this interview I returned to Malvern Hill, and remained there until shortly before daylight.

BATTLE OF NELSON'S FARM, OR GLENDALE,

On the morning of the 30th General Sumner was ordered to march with Sedgwick's division to Glendale (Nelson's Farm). General McCall's division (Pennsylvania Reserves) was halted during the morning on the New Market road, just in advance of the point where the road turns off to Quaker Church. This line was formed perpendicularly to the New Market road, with Meade's brigade on the right, Seymour's on the left, and Reynolds' brigade, commanded, by Colonel S. G. Simmons, of the Fifth Pennsylvania, in reserve: Randol's regular battery on the right, Kerns' and Cooper's batteries opposite the center, and Diederichs' and Knieriem's batteries of the artillery reserve on the left, all in front of the infantry line. The country in General McCall's front was an open field, intersected toward the right by the New Market road and a small strip of timber parallel to it. The open front was about 800 yards, its depth about 1,000 yards.

On the morning of the 30th General Heintzelman ordered the bridge at Brackett's Ford to be destroyed and trees to be felled across that road and the Charles City road. General Slocum's division was to extend to the Charles City road. General Kearny's left to connect with General Slocum's left. General McCall's position was to the left of the Long Bridge road, in connection with General Kearny's left. General Hooker was on the left of General McCall. Between 12 and 1 o'clock the enemy opened a fierce cannonade upon the divisions of Smith and Richardson and Naglee's brigade at White Oak Swamp Bridge. This artillery fire was continued by the enemy through the day, and he crossed some infantry below our position. Richardson's division suffered severely. Captain Ayres directed our artillery with great effect. Captain Hazzard's battery, after losing many cannoneers and Captain Hazzard being mortally wounded, was compelled to retire. It was replaced by Pettit's battery, which partially silenced the enemy's guns.

General Franklin held his position until after dark, repeatedly driving back the enemy in their attempts to cross the White Oak Swamp. At 2 o'clock in the day the enemy were reported advancing in

5 R R-VOL XI

