
Fourth Michigan, and the whole force held in check by the same four companies, the other six companies and the cavalry forming the reserve on this side of the stream. our loss was 2 killed, 1 mortally wounded, and about 5 or 6 less severely. The loss of the enemy was 22 prisoners, including 1 lieutenant, unhurt, and 17 wounded in our possession.

By the accounts of prisoners since taken and by what we could observe the enemy's loss in killed, &amp;c., was at least 100, including a field officer and several other commissioned officers. I would respectfully ask that the names of the following persons be placed before the general-in-chief as having displayed the most gallant bearing under a severe fire: Captain McMillan, Second U. S. Infantry; Captain Forsyth, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, to whose cool judgment much is due; Captain Gordon, Second U. S. Cavalry, for his dashing charge; Lieutenant Custer, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, who was the first to cross the stream, the first to open fire upon the enemy, and one of the last to leave the field; Messrs. Churchill and Humphreys, attaches of the Topographical Engineers. These two last-named gentlemen, with Lieutenant Custer, deserve the most honorable mention for their conduct on the previous day (23d) in crossing the river at the ford. Too much praise cannot be given to Colonel Woodbury and his command, as well as to that of Captain Gordon, a small command of about 50.

For the topographical details I would refer to the sketch of Captain McMillan and Mr. Churchill. Our men have since held possession of the bridge.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NICOLAS BOWEN,

First Lieutenant, Topographical Engineers.

General A. A. HUMPHREYS, Chief Top. Engs., Army of Potomac.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. TOP. ENGS., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 27, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to the chief of the staff.

The commanding general of the army has been already made acquainted, by a verbal report from me, with the admirable manner in which the reconnaissance near New Bridge was conducted by Lieutenant Bowen, and how well he was aided by those associated with him. At my request, a written report has been made, from which it is apparent with what gallantry those associated with Lieutenant Bowen and the officers and men of the escort performed their duty. I beg leave to bring to the notice of the commanding general the skill, gallantry, and energy exhibited by Lieutenant Bowen in executing this reconnaissance.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major, Commanding Top. Engs., and Brigadier General Vols.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Dwight A. Woodbury,

Fourth Michigan Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEERS,May 24, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from General Porter i have to report that with 500 of my regiment and one squadron of the Second

