
Besides the force at the village the enemy had in sight during the day at different time a disposable force of three regiments of infantry to our left on the Richmond road, and two regiments of infantry and three pieces of artillery on our left and rear across the Chickahominy. During the engagement opened fire upon us from a battery on the Richmond road, but their shots fell short.

After occupying the village I drove their skirmishers across the bridge over the Chickahominy on the Dispatch road to Richmond and cut the nearest bay across the river. I would especially mention to the commanding general the dashing conduct of Captain Wheeler, of the New York battery, and Captain Pennington, of Tidball's regular battery.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain L. D. H. CURRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Smith's Division.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain John C. Tidball,

Second U. S. Artillery.

CAMP NEAR MECHANICSVILLE, VA.,

May 25, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that about 12 m. on the 33rd instant my battery was ordered from its camp near New Bridge, over the Chickahominy River, for the purpose of shelling the ground occupied by the enemy in the vicinity of that bridge.

The pieces were placed in battery near the mansion of Dr. Gaines, and from there opened a steady and well-directed fire on the point indicated. The enemy made no reply, but from the report of those in the balloon, fled from their position. After firing 93 round the battery was withdrawn, and a few minutes afterward started on its march toward Mechanicsville. A few rods after the head of the column, of which the left section of my battery constituted an advanced portion had passed the bridge over Bell's creek, several cannon-shots were fired by the enemy from pieces on the eminence immediately in our front.

Immediately the commanding general (Stoneman) directed the leading section to be brought in battery on the top of the hill, which from the winding of the road was upon the left hand. i a few seconds this was done, and the pieces opened upon a section of the enemy posted at a little greater elevation, in full view and about 1,000 yards distant. A few rounds from my pieces caused them to withdraw behind the hill upon which they were situated. From this position they continued firing for about half an hour, but all their projectiles passed over my section and did no damage. This section was commanded by First Lieutenant Dennison, Second Artillery, and it gives me much pleasure to testify to the skill and ability with which he managed it under fire. The non-commissioned officers and privates of this section also did their duty nobly. Having a scarcity of cannoneers, the drivers voluntarily dismounted and assisted at the service of their guns. Private Keck was most conspicuous in this duty. The remaining for pieces of my

