
upon us. Finding that my ammunition was getting low I sent back to you for the limbers of the caissons, which were promptly sent, and arrived when much needed. The enemy under the heavy fire kept up upon them were finally compelled to evacuate the town, and I received an order from General Davidson to cease firing and remain in battery till further orders. A heavy rain set in just as I commenced firing and did not cease during the action. The firing notwithstanding was well kept up. An examination of the buildings were completely riddled with shell and canister. After the village had been occupied by our troops general Davidson ordered me to place one of my guns in the village to sweep the roads leading to the bridges and the other he wished to go with him. He told me that I could either stay with the gun in the village or accompany that which went with him. Preferring to remain in the village, I sent the other gun under its chief of piece, Corporal [William] Mathes, with General Davidson. i remained in the village on picket duty during the night, and the next morning my other gun, which had been actively employed under fire during its absence, joined me by order of General Davidson. General Davidson spoke very highly of the services rendered by the piece while with him. After this piece joined me it was placed at the junction of the Ashland and Richmond road crossed it. At 12 m. I was relieved by order of General Stoneman, and returned to the battery.

It gives me much pleasure to state that the men served the guns with alacrity, coolness, and ability. Sergt. [William] Brauns and Corporal Mathes deserve a great deal of credit for the manner in which they handled their pieces. i fired during the action 58 rounds. Corporal mathes while detached fired 47 rounds, but replenished his limbers from the caisson.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. M. PENNINGTON,

First Lieutenant and Brevet Captain, Second Artillery.

Captain J. C. TIDBALL, Commanding Light Co. A, Second Artillery.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain Charles C. Wheeler,

Battery E, First New York Light Artillery.

CAMP SEVEN MILES FROM RICHMOND,

General Smith's Division, May 26, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from Captain Ayres, chief of artillery, General Smith's division, I reported to General Davidson, commanding Third Brigade, with the brigade to the position taken by it near a branch of the Chickahominy, remaining in reserve during the cannonade that took place that afternoon near said branch until about 6 p. m., when by General Davidson's order i went into battery on a ridge covering the ground to the right and front. Just about dark we crossed the stream and went into battery on a ridge covering the ground to the right and front. Just about dark we crossed the stream and went into battery on a steep bank, relieving a section of horse artillery there, and remaining in battery during the night of the 23d.

