
Early on the morning of the 24th, by ordered of General Davidson, I sent one piece of artillery to the right of the road leading to Mechanicsville, under charge of Lieutenant Parker, who opened fire upon two pieces of artillery in the village at a distance of about 1,600 yards, apparently with good effect, and after firing two shells at a body of troops drawn up in line of battle across the Chickahominy, at a distance of about 3,000 yards, causing them thereby to change their position for one less exposed, I opened fire with two pieces on the troops of the enemy occupying Mechanicsville, keeping one piece in reserve. The fire from the two pieces was quite effective, as the enemy quickly and repeatedly changed the position of his pieces and finally for a while ceased firing. The general then ordered the entire battery to the right of the road and to a position 800 yards nearer the village, when we opened a heavy fire upon the houses and woods in rear, occupied by the enemy, and advanced by half battery until we were within about 500 yards of the village and keeping up the fire until the enemy retreated. The houses were much cut up and torn by our shells.

When the infantry took possession of the village were went into battery on the left of the road on a ridge commanding there until about 4 p. m., when by order of General Davidson I placed the battery in position near the place first occupied by it on the 23d, and commanding the road and country toward Mechanicsville. I remained in battery here until the morning of the 25th, when by order of the general I placed the battery on the left of the road near the bridge crossing the branch near the mill, one section commanding the country toward the Chickahominy and one section to enfilade the road leading to the bridge. Here I remained until about 5 p. m., when by order of General davidson I proceeded to Mechanicsville, placing one section to command the road leading from the village to the right and leaving one piece in reserve. We remained here in battery until the morning of the 26th, when, after firing two percussion shells at a body of troops across the Chickahominy, distant some 2,800 yards, exploding both shells directly in front of them and putting them into some confusion, by ordered of the general I returned to camp. I have lost no men killed or wounded. I have lost no men killed or wounded. I have lost one horse killed by cannon-shot and one wounded by rifle-ball.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. WHEELER,

Captain, Commanding Battery E, First New York Artillery.

Captain MARTINDALE,

A. A. G. to General Davidson, commanding Third Brigadier

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Selden Connor,

Seventh Maine Infantry.

CAMP OF SEVENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,

Third Brigade, Smith's Division, May 26, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 24th instant, the date of the affair at Mechanicsville, I received orders to join my regiment with the three companies of it which under my command had been doing picket duty the previous night. I found the regiment at about 6 o'clock a. m., and immediately took command, as Colonel

