
Turnipseed, 3 wounded; Wise Artillery, 2 wounded. Captain Rosser received a severe flesh wound in the arm, which, though, did not prevent his commanding his pieces while the engagement continued.

My thanks are especially due to Colonel Lamar for the prompt and efficient execution of orders in the disposition of the infantry forces. The officers and men behaved most gallantry; their coolness and steadiness under fire bespoke them veterans worthy of the fame so dearly bought on the plains of Manassas.

Captain Rosser displayed much judgment in placing his pieces, which, under his personal supervision, were served in the most handsome style.

My adjutant, Lieutenant Martin, rendered invaluable assistance in the rapid and timely transmission of orders.

The squadrons of the First and Fourth Virginia Cavalry, being in reserve, were not called into action.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

B. H. ROBERTSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Cavalry Bridge.

Numbers 12. Report of Brigadier General Paul J. Semmes,

C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, R. W. D. P.,Outpost, New Bridge, Va., May 25, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Herewith I have the honor to transmit the report of Colonel T. G. Hunt, commanding the Fifth Louisiana Volunteers, of the bloody skirmish between his regiment and the enemy on the 24th instant at New Bridge, to which is appended a list of his casualties. The enemy's loss is unknown, but supposed to be equal to ours.

A portion of the Tenth Georgia Volunteers, Colonel Cumming, was thrown forward as skirmishers, with proper reserves and supports, to the support of the Fifth Louisiana Volunteers; but the latter having driven the enemy to the river, Colonel Cumming was ordered to halt his skirmishers under cover of a ditch some hundreds of yards to its rear, and Colonel Hunt to establish the Fifth louisiana Volunteers on Colonel Cumming's right, to await an attack in force which was expected. Colonel Cumming's loss was 3 wounded, a list of which will be found herewith.

A gun of Captain Manly's battery was brought into requisition, but fired only a few rounds, owing to the proximity of the combatants. The affair terminated by a discharge from this gun.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PAUL J. SEMMES,

Brigadier-General.

Captain T. S. McINTOSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

