
Numbers 13. Report of Colonel A Cumming,

Tenth Georgia Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH GEORGIA REGIMENT,In the Field, May 27, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 24th instant the pickets of the Fifth Louisiana Regiment having been attacked while guarding New Bridge by a force of the enemy that crossed the stream above them, by direction of the brigadier-general commanding three companies of my regiment (C, E, and I) were sent to the support of the Louisiana regiment. They advanced as skirmishers and deployed on the left of that regiment. When it fell back they also withdrew a few hundred yards out of the immediate fire of the enemy, who was concealed and entirely out of view, many of his men being across the stream and out of reach of our smooth-bore guns. The three companies held the position they took up until dark, when they were relieved by other companies of the regiment. While exposed to the fire of the enemy, but unable to reply to it, 3 men were wounded, all of C company; 1 of them, Sergeant Adams, seriously in the head; the other 2 slightly. Two days before, the same company (C), while on duty at New Bridge, killed 2 Yankee cavalry soldiers, left on the field, and 1 horse.

Yours, respectfully,

A. CUMMING,

Colonel, Tenth Georgia Regiment, Commanding.

Captain CLEMENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 14. Report of Colonel T. G. Hunt,

Fifth Louisiana Infantry.

NEW BRIDGE, May 24, 1862.

GENERAL: In pursuance of the regulations I have the honor to submit the following report:

The Fifth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers was on picket duty this morning on the south line of the Chickahominy River at New Bridge. One of its companies was deployed as skirmishers on the line of the river, on the right of the bridge, and two were deployed on the left of it. The left of the line of skirmishers rested on a ford. The other companies were held in reserve.

About 9.30 a. m. the enemy having, it is believed, crossed the river at a ford 1 1/4 miles above our brigade, appeared suddenly and unexpectedly, in considerable force, on the left flank of the skirmishers and opened a brisk fire upon them. The skirmishers were thrown into confusion of the reserve and the company on the right of the bridge, being promptly thrown, they rallied and reformed, and these forces engaged the enemy. The enemy on the opposite side of the river cooperating with their forces on our flank, effected a crossing and drove our troops back about 400 yards. Upon this the order was given to all the companies of the regiment to charge. It was gallantly executed, and the enemy was forced back and compelled to recross the river.

