
Rallying on the other side of the river, and probably re-enforced and availing themselves of the superior shelter afforded by the trees there, they delivered a galling fire upon the regiment. The regiment suffering severely, it was commanded to retire, and it did so in good order to the distance of 400 or 500 yards, when it was halted and deployed in line. The contest then ended. The enemy withdrew from the river. The skirmish lasted upward of two hours. It was commenced under circumstances unfavorable to the regiment; but I am gratified to state that the officers and men conducted themselves boldly and faithfully.

A proper detail was sent forward to bring off the wounded and the dead. A detailed report of casualties from the adjutant of the regiment, annexed to this report as a part of it, shows 18 killed, 23 wounded, and 34 missing; in all, 75.* Second Lieutenant Pindell, of Company B, who had been assigned to the command of Company I, was killed while gallantly leading the company to the charge: Second Lieutenant Johnson, of Company H, was severely wounded in the right arm; Second Lieutenant Steinmark, of Company D, was shot through the breast. The wound has not proved fatal.

I have the honor to be, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

T. G. HUNT,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers.

Brigadier General PAUL J. SEMMES.

MAY 24, 1862.-Reconnaissance toward Hanover Court-House, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Robert O. Tyler, First Connecticut Heavy Artillery

Numbers 2.-Colonel Richard H. Rush, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Robert O. Tuler,

First Connecticut Heavy Artillery.

CAMP NEAR OLD CHURCH,

May 24, 1862-10.45 a. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that since my report of 6 a. m. I have returned to this place. Colonel Rush reported as the result of his reconnaissance that he had found the enemy in strong force enough to confirm the more moderate reports which had reached us (say from 3,000 to 5,000), and that there was a show of pursuit on their part. I placed the infantry in position and allowed the Lancers to pass, but receiving no attack I returned to this point, having just destroyed the Hanover (Old Town) Ferry and one between that and the Court-House by scuttling the boats and cutting the ropes. I still hold New Castle Ferry, but have not secured the boat at Pipingtree. My pickets and vedettes are placed as before. An officer sent out yesterday spent the day without finding General Stoneman.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. O. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General FITZ JOHN PORTER, Commanding Fifth Army Corps.

---------------

* The list reports 10 officers and 17 men killed, 2 officers and 21 men wounded, and 10 officers and 33 men missing.

---------------

