
most, only driving them farther to their rear, with the ordinary contingencies of battle of not being successful. Except my 15 advance I did not show any more of my men, but withdrew and rejoined the main body, having pushed my reconnaissance 4 1/4 miles from where I left the main body.

From all the information I could get, sifting it and properly weighing it, i assume that this morning there was a force at hanover Court-House of not less than 3,000 infantry, six pieces of cannon, and 300 cavalry, four regiments of infantry having arrived day before yesterday. I further think that they are now in sufficient force to move upon us at this point with success, and would suggest at least four pieces of artillery and another regiment of infantry to make this place up to the Hanover Ferry secure.

Very truly, yours,

RICH'D H. RUSH,

Colonel Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry (Lancers).

MAY 24-27, 1862. -Reconnaissances to Seven Pines, Va., and skirmishes.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Brigadier General Erasmus D. Keyes, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Corps, of operations May 24.

Numbers 2. -Brigadier General Silas Casey, U. S. Army, commanding division, of operations May 25.

Numbers 3. -Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee, U. S. army, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 4. -Colonel William W. H. Davis, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, of skirmish May 24.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Erasmus D. Keyes,

U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Corps, of operations May 24.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,May 24, 1862-2 p. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the reconnoitering party started this morning according to your orders. Soon after I ordered up a brigade of Couch's division as a support.

Shortly after the firing commenced I started myself and went to the front, where I remained until the enemy were driven beyond the fork of the roads referred to in your orders. general naglee encountered the enemy nearly a mile this side and drove them some distance beyond.

It is probable that deserter sent over to you this morning brought correct information, as the enemy had a battery of artillery and apparently considerable infantry, with some cavalry. The woods concealed him to a great degree. I gave directions to General Naglee to hold the fork of the roads without incurring too great risk and to send to send out scouts about that position.

I had my whole corps in readiness to meet a general attack, but do not think that any was intended. Our troops behaved with a great deal of spirit. we had one man killed and one officer and several men

