
wounded. General Naglee had his horse shot dead under him. We had one artillery horse killed, and i think some others wounded.

I shall before night make dispositions to picket the road between here and the forks of the road, which are much nearer the railroad than the map would indicate, and are about 2 miles from my headquarters, and nearly 5 miles from Bottom's Bridge.

While at the front a staff officer of General Heintzelman came up with Lieutenant McAlester. I sent back word to General Heintzelman to request that he should post a force at the Burnt Chimneys in my rear, also a force on the road leading down the Chickahominy between the chimneys and the bridge; also that ge should put a force at railroad bridge and establish his pickets well forward on the railroad on this side of the Chickahominy, he being much nearer that position than I am.

If these dispositions are approved i think there is no apprehension of a general attack during the night, on account of the badness of the roads.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

May 24, 1862.

Brigadier-General Casey, commanding division, will send out this morning on an extended reconnaissance toward Richmond five regiments of infantry and two batteries of artillery, under Brigadier-General Naglee. The Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel Gregg, will accompany and assist in the reconnaissance. Brigadier-General Naglee will report in person at these headquarters for instructions at 8 o'clock.

By order of Brigadier-General Keyes:

C. C. SUYDAM

Captain, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 24, 1862-7.45 a. m.

GENERAL: Your instructions for the reconnaissance of to-day as received from headquarters Army of the Potomac are as follows:

You will, if possible, advance to the Seven Pines, or the forks of the direct road Richmond and the road turning to the right into the road leading from New Bridge to richmond, and hold that point if practicable.

You will leave pickets upon all the roads branching off in your rear, with a chain of cavalry sentinels to communicate with these headquarters. After your arrival at the Seven Pines you will reconnoiter the country well to your front and on your flanks, and will report frequently anything of importance that you observe. You will push the reconnaissance as far toward Richmond as practicable without incurring too much danger.

By order of Brigadier-General Keyes:

C. C. SUYDAM,

Captain, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier-General NAGLEE, Commanding Reconnaissance.

