
Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Silas Casey,

U. S. Army, commanding division, of operations May 25.
HEADQUARTERS CASEY'S DIVISION,May 29, 1862.

I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions I directed General Naglee on the 25th to make a reconnaissance in front to the position I assigned to the One hundred and fourth and Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers from the First Brigade; the Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Second Brigade; and the Eighty-fifth and Ninety-eight New york Volunteers, Third Brigade. I directed two batteries of artillery (Regan and Spratt) to report to him. about one mile from camp he met the enemy, and succeeded in driving them for 2 miles-about one-half mile beyond the cross-road at the Seven Pines. I arrived on the ground when the reconnaissance was within about three-fourths mile of its termination, and accompanied it to the point. i saw no reason to alter the disposition which General Naglee had made.

The reconnaissance was a very successful one, and was conducted by its commander with skill and promptness. The troops behaved well. The day was rainy and disagreeable.

I directed General Naglee to remain and hold the cross-roads, and re-enforced him with five regiments of infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SILAS CASEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Indorsement]

MAY 31, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded.

Being personally present with the advance at the close of the reconnaissance, and for an hour and a half before it ended, I can testify to the good conduct of the troops and the gallantry of General Naglee.

E. D. KEYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

GENERAL: A reconnaissance was ordered by General Keyes of the Williamsburg road on the 23rd of May, but Colonels Gregg, Russell, and Neil found the enemy in such force that they returned without making much progress. On that night General McCllellan telegraphed to General Keyes upon the subject, and the above orders and instructions were issued on the following morning.

In obedience with these instructions, on the rainy morning of the 24th, leaving the Eleventh Maine and Fifty-sixth New York and One hundredth New York in camp, they having been on duty the day previous, the Fifty-sixth, Lieutenant-Colonel Jourdan, having marched

