
with me over 30 miles in the reconnaissance made on the reconnaissance made on the 23rd from Bottom's Brigade to the Turkey island Creek Brigade, the other regiments of my brigade, the Fifty-second Pennsylvania, Colonel Dodge, and the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania, Colonel Davis, were in motion at an early hour. At * o'clock they were joined by the Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania, Colonel howell, Eighty-fifth New York, Colonel Belknap, and ninety-eight New York, Colonel Dutton, and Battery H, Lieutenant Mink, First new York Artillery, and Regan's Seventh independent new york Battery, both under the command of Colonel Bailey, of the First Regiment New york Artillery. Gregg's cavalry did not report until 1 p. m.

The column was formed and in motion by 9 a. m., leading out the Williamsburg road. We encountered the first pickets of the enemy at _._ Run, about 1 1/4 miles from Bottom's Bridge. These retired as our skirmishers approached, but they increased rapidly in numbers as we advanced. About 10 o'clock a deserter was brought to division headquarters and taken to the headquarters of General keyes, and a courier was dispatched for me to return, that I should ascertain that the forces in my front were Hatton's bridge, of five regiments of Tennessee infantry, two batteries, and a portion of Stuart's cavalry, all under the command of General Stuart.

Returning to my command at 12 m. i deployed the Fifty-second Pennsylvania on the right of the Fifty-second Pennsylvania on the right of the Williamsburg road and extended it across the railroad and ordered a sufficient support to follow up the railroad. The One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania was deployed to the left of the Williamsburg road. Without much resistance we pressed forward until we came to the woods next beyond the Savage Station, where the enemy were prepared to resist our farther advance. Regan's battery was placed in position in the front edge of the timber on the right of the road and shelled the woods on the left of the road, which was about 600 yards from the battery. This wood extended about 400 yards along the road, and terminated in a line perpendicular with it, which line produced across the road was the commencement of the woods on the right of the road, parallel to which the Fifty-second Pennsylvania had been deployed, and which it was ordered to advance until it should be protected by some houses and sheds, and an orchard and a fence, 300 yards from the woods. This movement of the Fifty-second pennsylvania with the shelling from Regan's battery lessened materially the fire of the enemy on the left, and the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania was ordered forward, and the wood on the left of the road was entirely cleared.

Our attention was now directed to the wood in front of the Fifty-second Pennsylvania, where the fire was increasing, and at the same time to the batteries of the enemy, which some time before had opened and had been directing their fire upon our batteries and the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania. From the front of the wood, now occupied by the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania, I discovered that the line of battle of the enemy was formed inst within the edge of the wood, which crosses the Williamsburg road about half a mile from the Seven Penes Corner; that his artillery was in front near the house on the left of the road, supported by infantry lying in the hollow, and that the wood in front of the Fifty-second Pennsylvania on the right of the road was occupied by a regiment of skirmishers.

Bringing the oblique fire of the one hundred and fourth Pennsylvania to assist the direct fire of the Fifty-second Pennsylvania I pushed forward the Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania along and behind the railroad,

