
and ordered the Fifty-second Pennsylvania to advance from the fence and buildings directly into the wood in front of them. At the same time I pressed forward to the fence just left by the fifty-second the Ninety-eight New york, which had been formed parallel to them 600 yards in their rear, in a line with and supporting Regan's battery. This combined movement forced the enemy to leave precipitately the wood on the right. This is the wood immediately in rear of the line of rifle pits occupied by the one hundred and fourth Pennsylvania, being that immediately in rear of the rifle pits occupied by Generals Casey and Couch on that day.

It was now about 4.30 p. m. The batteries of the enemy had annoyed us considerably, and it became necessary to drive them from their position. The sharpshooters of the Fifty-second pennsylvania, selected from men who had lived with the rifle constantly by them in the lumbering counties of Pennsylvania, were ordered forward, under Captain Davis. At the same time a section of Mink's battery was added by Colonel Bailey to Regan's battery. Having thus advanced our right we soon corrected the ranges of our artillery, and within half an hour the effects were apparent. The artillery of the enemy could no longer stand against the fire of our artillery and sharpshooters, and were compelled to withdraw. at the same time I discovered and unsteadiness in the ranks of the enemy, and I hurried forward Gregg's cavalry, followed by the remaining two sections of mink's battery, which were brought into action within 400 yards of the enemy's line, supported by the Eighty-fifth New york and One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania, the Fifty-second Pennsylvania being on the right. These movements threw the enemy into disorder, and Gregg was ordered to charge, but after proceeding some 200 or 300 yards he received a volley from some skirmishers who occupied a thicket on the right of the road, and he dismounted his command, fired his carbines, and wheeled into a depression in the ground. i was preparing to follow with skirmishers, and to order a second cavalry charge, when an aide of General keyes brought orders from him that no farther pursuit should be made, lest i "should bring on a general engagement", and I was requested to communicate in person with General Keyes, whom I found a mile and a half in the rear. The troops slept on the wet ground (for it had rained all day) in the exposed positions last above indicated, and the picket guard for the night (which was necessary a heavy one) was undisturbed.

On the following morning, the 25th of May, I ordered the Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania, Colonel Howell, to be deployed to the right of the railroad, extending to the Chickahominy, and to examine the space between the road and the river, which he did, and reported at 11 a. m. that he had examined the country indicated and had found none of the enemy. The Fifty-sixth New york was then ordered to occupy the road leading to the river by the house of Mr. Mickie. In the mean time, discovering none of the enemy in force on either of my flanks, at 12 m. i ordered Captain Davis to extend his sharpshooters between the Williamsburg road and the railroad, and to advance cautiously and so slowly that his advance could hardly be discovered. At 4 p. m. having gained a mile, and feeling that the enemy would resist in force any farther advance, I took the Eleventh Maine, Colonel Plaisted, that had joined me, the Fifty-second and One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania, and two sections of Bailey's artillery, and moved forward to meet any resistance the enemy might oppose to Captain Davis. We had scarcely started when a dispatch was received indicating that the enemy

