
was assembling in front. Hurrying past the Seven Pines, I found Davis' sharpshooters occupying the front of the wood some 500 yards beyond the "Pines;" that their lines extended perpendicular to the Williamsburg road and across to the neighborhood of the Fair Oaks Station on the railroad, and that the enemy were forming in the open fields beyond the wood-pile. I immediately ordered the artillery to open upon the enemy, advanced the picked line to that of the sharpshooters, and ordered the Eleventh Maine and the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania to show themselves as supporting them. The shells thrown over the wood were most fortunate in their range and direction, and the enemy dispersed.

On the following day, the 26th of may, by 3 a. m. the remaining regiments of my brigade were already in position to support the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania and the picket line established by the Eleventh Maine and Fifty-second Pennsylvania. At 6 a. m. a rebel force of two regiments of infantry, one of cavalry, and one battery approached, but it avoided my picket line, kept beyond our range, and soon after disappeared, evidently reconnoitering our position. i then ordered Davis to advance another mile, which he did without opposition, and which brought our picket line to the distance of about 5 miles from Richmond and was as near as i considered it prudent to go.

On the following day, with a portion of Davis' sharpshooters, the line on the right was advanced from the road to Mickie's to the Nine-mile road and Garnett's field, and thence along Garnett's field to the Chickahominy.

In this extended reconnaissance of four days the troops behaved admirably well, and especial thanks are due to Colonels Bailey, Davis Dodge, Howell, Dutton, Dunlap,* Plaisted, and Jourdan, and to Captain Davis and his sharpshooters, who contributed more than any others to the successful advance of our lines from Bottom's Bridge, 9 miles, to the most advanced line held before Richmond.

Constant occupation and much sickness must plead my excuse for not making this report at the proper time.

The casualties were reported immediately after they occurred.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel William W. H. Davis,

One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, of skirmish May 24.
HEADQUARTERS 104TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Savage Station, Va., May 25, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers in action with the enemy near Savage Station on the 24th instant:

The regiment crossed the Chickahominy the third time yesterday morning at daylight, and after resting long enough at the rifle pits on this side to cook rations they moved up the road toward Richmond on a reconnaissance. The force consisted of the One hundred and fourth

---------------

*Belknap.

---------------

43 R R-VOL XI

