
and Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, a light battery, and a squadron of the Eight Pennsylvania Cavalry, with three regiments of infantry as a reserve. The troops marched about a mile out the main road, when they were halted, with directions to remain until further orders. Meanwhile it had commenced to rain and the road was so slippery that the marching was difficult.

After remaining there about half an hour the general came up and ordered an advance, when we moved on. We had marched about 3 miles and were near Savage Station, on the richmond and West Point Railroad, when the enemy in considerable force, and consisting of artillery, cavalry, and infantry, was discovered immediately in front. Preparations were at once made for attack. Company A, Captain Rogers, One hundred and fourth, and one company of the Fifty-second Regiment were thrown forward on the right of the road as skirmishers, with Company F. Captain A. Marple, as support, while Companies B, Captain Orem, and D, Captain Swartzlander, of the one hundred and fourth Regiment, were thrown forward on the left of the road as skirmishers and support. The remaining companies of the one hundred and fourth were drawn up in line of battle in a large field just behind a wood on the left of the road and the Fifty-second was drawn up in the same position on the right of the road. The battery stood in the road near where the infantry reserve were stationed, ready to move to any designated point. The skirmishers were now ordered to advance, and in a few minutes their rifles announced that they were engaged with the enemy. As they advanced we moved down the slope of the field toward the woods, which the skirmishers entered, and the regiment was halted about 300 yards from it and remained standing in line of battle. On the right the skirmishers had to advance several hundred yards across and orchard and open fields to a wood which the enemy held. in the middle of these fields which some of the enemy had taken shelter. They opened a brisk fire on our skirmishers as they advanced, but the battle gradually pushed them away from their cover across the orchard and into the woods, where Captains Rogers and Marple followed in quick pursuit. The operations of my skirmishing companies on the left of the road were concealed by the wood, but I knew the more distant crack of their rifles that they were driving the enemy before them. Major Gries, of the One hundred and fourth, was ordered into the wood to give a general service, and by his steadiness and courage under a warm fire receive the encomiums of his men.

In a few minutes the booming of a cannon away to the front announced that the artillery of the enemy had opened upon us, and almost at the same moment a shell dashed among us, but hurt no one. This was the opening of the fight in earnest, and for several hours a brisk fire of shot and shell was poured into us. The first man of my regiment who was struck was Corporal Thompson, a member of Company D, acting as skirmishers in the woods in front. He was hit by a rifle-bullet in the stomach, which ranged around to the back, where it was cut out. When he received the wound he stepped out of the it was cut out. When he received the wound he stepped out of the ranks, leaned his rifle against the tree, and said to the company: "Boys, I am done for; but you stand up to it." He was immediately sent to the hospital in the rear.

The fight commenced a little after 10 o'clock in the morning, and it was 3 o'clock in the afternoon when the last shot was fired, when the enemy was driven from his ground and our troops moved up and occu-

