
pied it. The six companies of the One hundred and fourth, under my immediate command, were in line of battle the greater part of this time, and under fire without an opportunity to pull a trigger. To add to their unpleasant position the rain poured down in torrents.

Besides the wounding of Corporal Thompson, Private Brown, of Company C, was killed by a 3-inch shell, which struck him in the head. Another private of the same company was wounded in the finger, and Private Rohr, of Company D, was struck in the leg by a piece of shell. The shell which killed Brown struck Lieutenant Diller B. Groff, commanding the company, in the right breast, giving him a painful but not a fatal wound. There were many narrow escapes, and a Providential interference alone saved us from a heavy loss. Lieutenant Yardley came near being killed, and he moved his head to one side just in time to prevent it being taken off by a shell. Several other instances of the kind occurred. A number of the men had their muskets struck, and one had his mouth filled with dirt thrown up by a shell which burst near him.

It affords me pleasure to bear testimony to the admirable manner in which the officers and men of my regiment behaved, who were as cool and steady under fire as thought they had been in action times without number, instead of the third time.

I am under obligations to Chaplain Gries for the services he rendered in the action, both in hospital, assisting to dress the wounds, and helping to carry the wounded from the field.

Lieutenant Haney, of Company A, was fired at three times by a rebel skirmisher, but escaped unhurt. A member of the same company came suddenly upon one of the enemy in the woods, when the following conversation took place, viz: Rebel-"Who are you?" Union soldier-"Who the devil are you?" whereupon the rebel put his rifle and burst his cap, and then took to his heels. The Union soldier fired at him in turn, but missed.

W. W. H. DAVIS,

Colonel One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain GEORGE H. JOHNSTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Casey's Division.

MAY 25-26, 1862. - Expedition from Bottom's Bridge to James River, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Frank C. Davis, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CAMP THIRD PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,

May 26, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from Colonel William W. Averell, commanding Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, yesterday, with a command of 1 sergeant and 10 men, I proceeded across the country to James River, opposite City Point, and communicated with Captain Rodgers, commanding gunboat Galena, and retired to camp near Botton's Bridge to-day at 11 o'clock a. m. without accident. The incidents of my route and information gained thereon are as follows:

Leaving Bottom's Bridge I took the road to White Oak Creek Bridge. No signs of the enemy to that point. Of Mr. Britton, resident near the bridge, i learned that he had seen 2 of the enemy's pickets in his outfield that morning and 4 more near there. Took the road bearing to

