
the right from the brigade (White Oak Creek), proceeded 2 miles, and entered the Long Brigade road. At this point I learned that there were 10 or 12 of the enemy's mounted pickets at a house 300 yards to my right. Turned to the left down the long Bridge road 1 mile, and took a road to the right, leading across to the Charles City Court-House road, 4 miles. The enemy had not been seen on this road since Friday last, and then only a few pickets. At this point learned that a Lieutenant Tyler, quartermaster of one of the enemy's regiments, had passed down the road (Charles City Court-House road) that morning toward Charles City Court-House in search of forage. no further signs of the enemy in that vicinity.

At this point took the road to the right, leading into the main road from Charles City Court-House to Richmond, about 4 miles. At this point turned to the right and followed the Richmond road 3 miles; then took a road to the left, leading down to the river at a point about 2 miles above City Point. Here, leaving my command in charge of the sergeant, under cover of the wood on the bank near the landing (Mr. Hill Carter's landing), I took a boat with two negroes and visited the nearest gunboat, the Galena, and communicated to the commander, Captain Rodgers, the following message, to wit:

The army is now advanced to within 7 miles of Richmond, the right, center, and left being on an average at that distance and gradually advancing:

I received from Captain Rodgers the following:

The Galena is lying in the river opposite City Point. The Port Royal, Naugatuck, and Monitor are lying about 3 miles below City Point. One gunboat is above City Point, around the Peninsula, distant by the river 8 miles, though within sight of the Galena. No gunboats above this.

The enemy are supposed to be 4,000 or 5,000 strong not far from City Point. His pickets come down into the town (City Point). While I was there the Galena threw two shells at them into the town. The enemy appears in squads of 6 or 8 along the banks. The river is clear for the gunboats to within 8 miles of Richmond. At that point it is blockaded, and there is a fortification mounting thirty heavy guns on the right bank of the river.

From what information i could gain the enemy is not in force on the Peninsula below City Point or 8 or 10 miles above. Concerning the country above that point I could learn nothing.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

F. C. DAVIS,

Second Lieutenant, Company D, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry.

To the ADJUTANT Third Pennsylvania Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,In the Field, May 26, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded.

Yesterday morning i received orders from the general commanding Third Corps to send a small party, if it go without too much risk, to communicate with the gunboats on James River. As no communication in the shape of a message was given, i directed Lieutenant Davis to deliver the one he has reported within.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Colonel Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, Third Corps.

N. B. Captain rodgers, upon the receipt of this communication, immediately forwarded it to Commodore Goldsborough in writing.

