
MAY 26, 1862. -Reconnaissance toward Hanover Court-House, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Lieutenant Colonel William N. Grier, First U. S. Cavalry.

Numbers 2. -Colonel Gouverneur K. Warren, Fifth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Corps.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William N. Grier,

First U. S. Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT U. S. CAVALRY,Camp at Walnut Grove Church, May 26, 1862-8 p. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to instructions contained in the accompanying letter of General marcy, and the indorsement thereon, made from your headquarters, i left this camp at sunrise this morning, my command consisting of my own regiment and Barker's squadron of McClellan Dragoons.

My advance guard drove in the enemy's pickets to within about 3 miles of hanover Court-House. One of the pickets wounded and taken prisoner. all white persons and negroes and I found were questioned with rear to the movements of the enemy and their strength at or near Hanover Court-House. The result of my examination of them was to the effect there are several regiments stationed at or near hanover Court-House, artillery, cavalry, and infantry. General Branch is said to be in command. I am inclined to think that 5,000 to 6,000 is, as yet, the maximum number of troops stationed there. I could not gain any Virginia Central Railroad. I was told that the whistle of the cars had not been heard since friday last. The wounded prisoner was not in condition to be brought in on horseback, but will be brought here tonight or early to-morrow in an ambulance procured from the Surgeon of Rush's regiment of Lancers.

Very respectfully,

WM. N. GRIER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, First Cavalry.

General P. ST. G. COOKE,

Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commanding Division Cavalry Reserve.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Gouverneur K. Warren,

Fifth New york infantry, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS AT OLD CHURCH,May 26, 1862-5 p. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I went on the roads out toward Hanover with a portion of my command this morning, to reconnoiter and destroy the bridge, if it could be accomplished without incurring risks incommensurate with its importance. We arrived in the vicinity of the bridge nearly at the same time as the command of Colonel Grier, who drove in the pickets toward Hanover Court-House

