
and captured one. We pursued another small body across the bridge on the Pamunkey, which fired upon us across the river, but without hitting any one. Lieutenant-Colonel Duryea, while we were wholly ignorant of the strength of the enemy on account of the concealment of the trees, led his command across the bridge without firing a gun, but the mounted pickets had gotten out of range on the other side, and it was impossible for the Lancers, without taking more time and exertion than was justifiable, to catch them. They pursued about a mile. The bridge we completely tore down and threw into the stream. Your note reached me at this point, and I returned, as did also Colonel Grier. I shall destroy three bridges on the Totopotomoy Creek. I think there is no enemy nearer than the vicinity of Hanover, which secessionists admitted was occupied by their troops. I shall endeavor to move off as soon as the order comes, but I hope it will not be necessary before daylight to-morrow. I have a very bad headache, which makes writing difficult for me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN,

Colonel, Commanding.

General FITZ JOHN PORTER, Commanding Fifth Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general. There is another road leading from Old Church to Hanover Court-House; at least so says the map.

F. J. PORTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MAY 27-29, 1862. -Operation about Hanover Court-House, Va., including engagements at Slash Church and Kinney's Farm, May 27.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1. -May. General B. McClellan, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac, of engagement May 27.

Numbers 2. -Brigadier General Fitz John Porter, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 3. -Return of Casualties in the Union forces engaged at Hanover Court-House, Va., May 27.

Numbers 4. -Brigadier General William H. Emory, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade Cavalry Reserve, of operations May 27-28.

Numbers 5. -Captain Charles J. Whiting, Fifth U. S. Cavalry.

Numbers 6. - Captain James E. Harrison, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, of operations May 28.

Numbers 7. -Captain William P. Chambliss. Fifth U. S. Cavalry, of operations May 29.

Numbers 8. -Captain William B. Royall, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, of operations May 27.

Numbers 9. -Lieutenant Abraham K. Arnold. Fifth U. S. Cavalry, of operations May 27-28.

Numbers 10.-Major Lawrence Williams, Sixth U. S. Cavalry, of operations May 27-28.

Numbers 11.-Captain Henry Benson, Second U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 12.-Captain Charles Griffin, Fifth U. S. artillery, of engagement May 27.

Numbers 13.-Captain Augustus P. Martin, Battery C, Massachusetts Light Artillery, of engagement May 27.

Numbers 14.-Captain George D. Allen, Battery E, Massachusetts Light Artillery, of operations May 27-28.

Numbers 15.- Brigadier General George W. Morell, U. S. Army, commanding division.

Numbers 16.-Colonel Hiram Berdan, First U. S. Sharpshooters, of engagement May 27.

