
land, and we followed in pursuit till darkness put a stop to the operations for that day.

The succeeding day was occupied in gathering in the results of our victory. Of the enemy's dead we buried about 200. Our prisoners, wounded and unwounded, were forwarded to your headquarters-about 730. The gun already mentioned as having been captured was a 12-pounder howitzer. In addition to it we took one caisson, a large number of small-arms, some of them of new and valuable description. Two important military railroad trains were captured and destroyed by General Stoneman's and General Stoneman's and General Emory's commands respectively.

Still more important, however the indirect results of our victory, obtain by rapid movements on Ashland and the Richmond and Fredericksburg and Virginia Central Railroads. The reconnaissances on that day were pushed toward Ashland, one the road from Hanover to Richmond. This passed through the abandoned camp of General Branch, from which the enemy in their rapid flight the previous night had carried off but a small part of their baggage and supplies. At the point where the road to Ashland branches to the right the enemy's pickets were discovered, and on being pressed and driven in to their supports, divulged the presence of a large force of all arms south of Ashland, between the turnpike and the Fredericksburg Railroad. The advance guard of another reconnaissance on the direct road from Hanover to Ashland pushed into Ashland, there discovering a brigade of Anderson's division on its way from Fredericksburg to Richmond. Another command, under Major Williams, Sixth Cavalry, was engaged in the destruction of the road bridges over the Pamunkey and the Virginia Central Railroad bridge over the South Anna. These, in connection with the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, were also engaged in pursuing the enemy, large numbers of when were captured. Captain Harrison, of the Fifth Cavalry, took two armed companies of the Twenty eight north Carolina Regiment and Rush's cavalry one company. The following day I arranged for the destruction of the turnpike bridge and the Fredericksburg Railroad bridge over the South Ann, which duty I intrusted to Major Williams, Sixth Cavalry. It was successfully accomplished.

I beg to refer to the reports of Major Williams and General Emory, and to commend for the consideration of the commanding general the officers and non-commissioned officers therein mentioned with special credit.

In order to hold in check any force which might be detached to cut off Major Williams I sent one column (cavalry) under the direction of General Emory to threaten Ashland and push in there if possible: also another command (of all arms) under Colonel Warren to push into Ashland on the direct road. General Stoneman's command, which had on the previous night been placed under my orders, I pushed from Leech's Station toward Ashland as a support to Warren.

Sykes' division of regulars, which had arrived within 3 miles of my headquarters on the previous night, was held in reserve and directed to support General Stoneman. With these force i designed to clear Ashland. The advance of General Emory, under Captain Chambliss, entered Ashland, and drove from it a small portion of the enemy, destroyed the bridge over Stony Creek, and broke up the railroad and telegraph. About half an hour after he had retired the advance of Colonel Warren entered Ashland and captured 12 of the enemy, who had immediately reoccupied the place on the retirement of Captain Chambliss.

