
considered reliable information that the main body of the enemy, 6,000 strong, left there an hour previous. He reports many evidences of a hasty retreat.

During the second day Bugler Pfaff, of Company A, Sixth U. S. Cavalry, the moment when the forces of the enemy in my front outnumbered me very considerably, reported a body of the enemy's infantry in our rear. I sent Captain Harrison, with his squadron, accompanied by my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Elbert, to capture these, or, if too many, to hold them in check. it proved to be two companies of the regiment we had intercepted the day before. Captain Harrison captured them-2 captains, 1 lieutenant, and 96 privates. The whole number of prisoners captured by my command during the three days was 1 major, 2 captains, 2 lieutenants, and 238 privates. The loss in the command during the same time was only 3 killed and 3 wounded. It is my duty to that command to say that, although without provisions from the night of the second day, and a portion of them engaged upon the demoralizing thought necessary military duties of destroying lines of military communication, not a depredation has been committed, within my knowledge, upon any citizen or private property in the beautiful and fertile district in which it was operating.

The reports of commanders of regiments and the captain commanding the battery of artillery, which I have directed to be sent in, will correct any defects of injustice I may do individuals in this report.

I herewith send the reports of Major Williams, commanding Sixth U. S. Cavalry; Captain Whiting, commanding Fifth U. S. Cavalry, with the reports of his five squadron commanders, none of the other reports having come in.

A command of this kind to be effective in frequently so scattered that of merit occur not known to the commander, of which I am reminded by omitting to mention that Lieutenant Balder, of the Sixth U. S. Cavalry, drove in the pickets nearest the enemy, and drove them so closely he captured 2 of them well mounted.

My staff, Adjutant-General Audenried, and aides (Lieutenants Elbert and Wade) were with me, and rendered good service.

The first squadron of the Sixth U. S. Cavalry, composed of Companies B and H, commanded by Captains Kautz and Savage led the advance, which they have done most of the way from Yorktown, in the most gallant style.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Captain LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY RESERVE,In the Field, June 2, 1862.

SIR: I desire to state, what I omitted to state in my report of the Hanover affair, that on the first day, May 27, I separated the train from the locomotive, captured the mail and a train loaded with corn, sugar, and tobacco, at the Hanover station, near the Court-House. The mail was sent to General Porter, and the corn, sugar, and tobacco issued to the troops of my brigade. I did not mention this in my written report to General Porter, because I mentioned it verbally, and considered the subsegments in front of so much more importance

