
(I refer to those on the South Anna and at Ashland), and because I was with my staff in advance of the Court-House on the 27th, and then gave the personal directions in regard to the disposition of this property, which I had left in my rear, and which I see is now credited to another force. I could not have safely advanced without cutting the line at the Hanover Depot.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General.

Captain LOCKE,

Adjutant-general, Fifth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY RESERVE,In the Field, June 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you the report of Captain Benson, commanding Battery M, of the Regular Artillery, attached to my command at the battle of Hanover.* I regret this report did not arrive in time to go in with my own, as it gives some details and notice of individual acts which I desire to call to the attention of General Porter, commanding general on that occasion. I cordially indorse the commendations of Captain Benson, and also ask attention of the general commanding, who was himself present, to the conspicuous gallantry and cool judgment displayed by Captain Benson himself. It will be recollected that when the enemy was engaged it was without regard to his force and before the body of the division came up. It was my good fortune to have had this same officer and his battery with me on the 4th of May, in the affair on the left preceding the battle of Williamsburg, where I had occasion to notice his conduct in similar terms.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier General, Commanding First Brigade, Cavalry Reserve.

Captain LOCKE,

Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain Charles J. Whiting,

Fifth U. S. Cavalry.

CAMP HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CAVALRY,

May 30, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of my regiment at the battle of Hanover Court-House on May 27, 1862:

On the 27th, after the enemy was repulsed, my regiment, with the exception of Lieutenant A. K. Arnold's squadron, was ordered to advance, and upon reaching a by-road Captain Royall was detached with his squadron to follow the direct road. The balance of the regiment followed Captain Benson's battery down the by-road, when we came to an opening giving us a view of the enemy and what I supposed to be a wagon train, which I pointed out to General Emory, who ordered me

---------------

*See Benson's report of June 5, Numbers 11.

---------------

