
to try cut it off. I started across the country to do so, but upon nearing it found that it was not a wagon train. i kept on, however, and soon came in sight of Captain Royall, who was on my right and front; came to a road leading to Ashland, which I followed until we came to a dense woods, unfit for cavalry operations not supported, and sent word back to General Emory. During the absence of my messenger Captain Royall, on my right, had halted and sent me word that the enemy was in front of him. I moved up to him, when Captain Royall's squadron was deployed as skirmishers to the right, and captured 73 prisoners in a wheat field, the balance of their regiment having taken to the woods. I then received an order to return to the command immediately to resist an attack in the rear.

On the 28th Captain Harrison and Lieutenant A. K. Arnold were detached from the regiment with their squadrons, and I was ordered by Brigadier-General Emory to go with a section of artillery and two companies of infantry to support Major L. Williams, who had been ordered to go with the Sixth Regiment U. S. Cavalry to burn a bridge on the Pamunkey River. Upon reaching Major Williams I found that he was in no need of support, and as soon as I saw the bridge burning returned. I was then ordered by Brigadier-General Emory to go with my regiment to the Ashland Station and ascertain if the enemy was in force, and if not, to destroy the railroad. When within about 3 miles of the place, my advance guard, commanded by Lieutenant Walker, met the enemy's pickets and drove them, in capturing one of them when within 500 yards of the depot. From Lieutenant Walker's report of what he saw and the report of the prisoner I was satisfied that the enemy was in large force, and that the only course was for me to return, which I did reaching camp just before dusk.

The operations of the 29th were unimportant (expect what is reported by Captain Chambliss). We reached our present camp about 1 o'clock at night.

I will add that upon every occasion officers and men did all that could be expected of them. Captain Owens, thought sick when we left camp, kept his saddle all the first day.

The inclosed reports of squadron commanders give a more detailed account of the operations of the regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. J. WHITING,

Captain, Fifth Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. C. AUDENRIED,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Captain James E. Harrison,

Fifth U. S. Cavalry, of operations May 28.

HANOVER COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 29, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in accordance with instructions received from General Emory, commanding First Brigade, cavalry reserve, i left Hanover Court-House on the morning of the 28th in

44 R R-VOL XI

