
stant with my squadron (Companies B and E, Fifth U. S. Cavalry) in pursuit of a party of the enemy's infantry, who, it was reported, were trying to make their escape across the Pamunkey River. After a rapid march of about 4 1/2 miles over very bad and heavy plowed fields I succeeded in overtaking and surrounding them before I was discovered. I found them in a thick woods near the bank of the river, and closed in upon them with drawn pistols. As soon as they saw me they sprang up in a body and called to me not to shoot, that they were willing to surrender. The captain commanding them came forward and handed me his sword and surrendered to me 96 prisoners, including 2 captains and 1 lieutenant, with all their arms and accouterments. They were armed with the Enfield rifle. I then ordered the captain to form his men and have the caps taken off their guns and their bayonets unfixed, after which I returned with them to General Emory's headquarters, and reported my operations to him. General Emory then ordered me to turn them over to the provost-marshal. Having accomplished this. I returned to Hanover Court-House and recoined the regiment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. HARRISON,

Captain, Fifth Cavalry.

Lieutenant THOMAS E. MALEY,

Adjutant Fifth Cavalry.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain William P. Chambliss,

Fifth U. S. Cavalry, of operations May 29.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR HANOVER COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 29, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions from Captain Whiting, commanding the regiment, I reported to General Emory, commanding cavalry brigade, with two squadrons of the Fifth U. S. Cavalry, composed of I, D, K, and G Companies, commanded respectively by Lieutenants Arnold, Watkins, Walker, and McIntosh, at 5 o'clock this morning, for detached service. I was instructed by the general commanding to take the road to Ashland Station, about 8 miles distant, pursue it as far as the station, unless me by the enemy in force, and to capture the town and station if possible, but if unable to do this I should gain accurate information as to the force of the enemy at that point, and whether he was stationary or moving, and ascertain if he was being re-enforced; that I should at all events make such demonstrations as to induce the belief on the part of the enemy that an attack was intended, and continue thus to amuse him until I was satisfied Major Williams had had time to destroy the railroad bridge above Ashland.

In obedience to these instructions I moved forward on this road, scouring the woods on each side to a point about three-fourths of a mile from the station, keeping the general informed by frequent messengers, as instructed by him, as to my progress and the incidents connected therewith. At this point I halted my command under cover of the woods, and sent Lieutenant Watkins with a few men forward on

