
the main road and Lieutenant Walker on a road leading to the left of the town, with instructions to get as near the station as possible without being seen, and ascertain if it was occupied by too large a force of the enemy for us to take it by a charge. I directed Lieutenant Arnold with his squadron to hold the road pursued by Lieutenant Walker, and support him if necessary, and Lieutenant McIntosh with the other squadron to support Lieutenant Watkins. Lieutenant Walker became engaged with the enemy's pickets, captured two of them, and drove the others in. Upon the report of these officers, being satisfied that we could carry the town by a dash, I united the squadrons, ordered the charge to be sounded, and we entered it at full speed, the enemy fleeing to the woods without firing a shot. We captured 10 prisoners, a quantity of commissary stores and forage, some camp and garrison equipage, ammunition, and arms. A number of the enemy's tents were still standing, and other evidences of a hasty retreat were seen in all directions. I destroyed the telegraph wires, but did not deem it advisable under the circumstances to destroy the public property taken. Most of the property was stored in the station-house, a large frame building, surrounded by the residences of the inhabitants. Had I fired it the town have been destroyed. Moreover, I had reason to believe that the town be occupied by our forces in the course of the day and the property rendered useful to the service. Upon a statement of the reasons influencing my action to the general commanding he was kind enough to approve the course I had pursued.

We also took possession of a hospital of the enemy full of his sick, in charge of Hospital-Steward Minor, of the Forty-third Virginia Regiment, whom I paroled and left with them. I ascertained from reliable information that the main body of the enemy, about 6,000 strong, left the town, taking the direct road to Richmond, about an hour previous to our entrance into it. I directed Lieutenant Arnold, with his squadron, to advance upon the Richmond road and gain what information he could as to the retreat of the enemy. He advanced about a mile, when he came up with and was fired upon by his pickets. This fact being reported to me, I deemed it prudent to recall him. The officers and men of the command executed with promptness and to my entire satisfaction all that I required of them during the day.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CHAMBLISS,

Captain, Fifth Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant THOMAS E. MALEY.

Adjutant Fifth Cavalry.

Numbers 8. Report of Captain William B. Royall,

Fifth U. S. Cavalry, of operations May 27.

CAMP OF CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Near Richmond, Va., May 30, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with your order I have the honor to report the operations of my squadron, Companies C and A, on the 27th of May, 1862, at the battle of Hanover Court-House:

After the enemy were repulsed in the morning I was ordered to go

