
as far as possible on the main road leading from the battle-field to Hanover Court-House. I proceeded about a mile beyond the Court House, capturing 5 prisoners en route. Here I was joined by the remainder of the regiment. My squadron was then deployed on the right of the road as skirmishers, where it captured in all 73 men (infantry), among whom were 1 major, 2 captains, and 1 lieutenant. After skirmishing for some distance I was recalled.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. ROYALL,

Captain, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, Commanding Company C.

Captain C. J. WHITING,

Commanding Fifth Cavalry.

Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant Abraham K. Arnold,

Fifth U. S. Cavalry, of operations May 27-28.

CAMP FIFTH REGIMENT CAVALRY,

May 30, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to the orders from the captain commanding the regiment I have the honor to report the operations of my command during the engagement on the 27th near Hanover Court House. In obedience to the orders of the general commanding I was detached with my squadron to reconnoiter the road to Ashland. After proceeding some distance I found the enemy in force. On returning I was ordered to take a position on the left of the line of battle. Soon after the enemy attacked immediately in my front and left, when I moved to the right. During the whole of the engagement my squadron was under fire. I lost 2 men killed, Privates Leo Hentz and James Lason, Company I. Company K had 4 horses wounded. I took 9 prisoners. The next morning I was detached. I took 9 prisoners. The next morning I was detached to scour the country north and west of the battle-field.

I captured 24 prisoners, with their arms and accouterments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. K. ARNOLD,

Lieutenant, Fifth Cavalry, Commanding Company I.

Lieutenant THOMAS E. MALEY, Adjutant Fifth Cavalry.

Numbers 10. Report of Major Lawrence Williams,

Sixth U. S. Cavalry, of operation May 27-28.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CAVALRY, IN THE FIELD,May 30, 1862.

SIR: Pursuant to instructions from the headquarters of the Fifth Provisional Army Corps i have the honor to submit the following report:

On the 26th instant I was ordered to report to Brigadier-General

