
killed; 2 cannoneers severely wounded, William Cope and Joseph F. Francis; 2 horses killed, 1 wounded, and 1 missing. On the 28th the section of Lieutenant Barlow and hains were detached to support commands pushed forward in pursuit of the enemy, &amp;c. On the 29th one section, under Lieutenant Hains, was detached to support Major Williams' command, and on its return the battery marched back to the camp of the artillery reserve near New Bridge, where it arrived on the morning of the 30th at 8 o'clock.

Before closing this report I cannot omit the opportunity offered of bringing to the notice of the general commanding the admirable conduct of my officers and men during the days mentioned. The sections of Lieutenants Barlow, Hains, and Chapin were commanded by those officers with discretion, skill, and coolness. Lieutenant Barlow had the good fortune to be closely engaged with the enemy's infantry, and performed his work well. He speaks in high terms of the intelligence, coolness, and bravery of Sergeant Reilly, chief of one of his pieces. My non-commissioned officers-in fact, all of my men-behaved so well that it is a difficult matter to speak of one without giving the names of all. Sergeants Flood, Hasenzahl, and Corporals Brower and Leese deserve particular notice. I take the liberty in this report of expressing my thanks to General Emory for the handsome support he gave me until the battery returned to this camp.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BENSON,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE,

A. A. G., Fifth Prov. Army Corps, Camp near New Bridge.

CAMP NEAR NEW BRIDGE,

June 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the general commanding the brigade, the operations of my battery of horse artillery on the 27th, 28th, and 29th of May, 1862:

The battery engaged the enemy's artillery and infantry on the road to Hanover Court-House, some 3 or 4 miles from that place, early in the afternoon of the 27th. After a severe fire of shell and case-shot he was forced to retire from the different positions occupied by him during the engagement. The battery, with the Fifth and Sixth Cavalry, then moved rapidly forward in pursuit, and when within a mile of the Court-House a fire of percussion shell was again opened upon his retreating infantry, after which the battery camped for the night near the enemy's first position. Loss during the action was 1 ordnance mechanic, Henry Krantz, killed, and Cannoneers Francis and Cope severely wounded; 2 horses killed, 1 wounded, and 1 missing.

On the 28th the battery moved forward to Hanover Court-House. The sections of Lieutenants barlow and Hains were detached to support commands sent to destroy the enemy's railroad bridges.

On the 29th the section of Lieutenant Hains was detached to support major Williams' command, and on the return of the section the battery marched for the camp of the artillery reserve, where it arrived on the morning of the 30th at 8 o'clock.

I take this opportunity to bring to the notice of Brigadier-General Emory the handsome conduct of my officers and men during the en

