
gagement and the days subsequent. At one time one of the guns of Lieutenant Barlow's section engaged the enemy's infantry at very at very short range (about 100 yards), and with canister forced in back in confusion. On another occasion the section of Lieutenant Chapin engaged their infantry in a dense wood at some 250 yards, and soon routed them out of their cover. all the officers, Lieutenant Barlow, Hains, and soon routed them out of their cover. All the officers, Lieutenants Barlow, Hains, and Chapin, managed their sections with discretion, coolness, and energy. Lieutenant Barlow speaks in high praise of the bravery, intelligence, and coolness of Sergeant Reilly, who was chief of one of his pieces. All my men behaved so well that I find great difficulty in naming one without giving the names of all. Sergeants Flood, Pfeffer, Lance Sergeant Hasenzal, and Corporals Brower and Leese deserve particular notice.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BENSON,

Captain, Second Artillery.

Lieutenant J. C. AUDENRIED,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, Brigade of Cavalry, near New Bridge.

NOTE.-After the shelling of the infantry the battery moved on to the Court-House, and a section was advanced 2 miles beyond it.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

Numbers 12. Report of Captain Charles Griffin,

Fifth U. S. Artillery, of engagement May 27.

CAMP NEAR HANOVER COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 28, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with the orders of the 27th instant from the general commanding the division the batteries were assigned as follows: Battery C, Massachusetts Artillery, to General Martindale's brigade, Battery E to Colonel McQuade's, and battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery, to General Butterfield's brigade, and for a detailed account of the Massachusetts batteries attention is respectfully called to the reports of their commanders.

Battery D, Fifth Artillery, left camp near Dr. Gaines' at 5.30 a. m., and arrived on the field of action about 1 o'clock, and by direction of General Porter was sent under the command of First Lieutenant Kingsbury to relieve two pieces of Battery M, Second U. S. Artillery, which were firing on the road to our left. Lieutenant kingsbury directed one section, under command of First Lieutenant Charles E. Hazlett, to move about 200 yards to the front of the position occupied by the guns of the Second Artillery. One piece was placed on a little rise in the road and the other in a plowed field to the left, and opened on two pieces of the enemy, one 6-pounder and one rifled gun, distant about 1,500 yards. The fire was kept up with spirit on both sides for about an hour, when the enemy's guns were silenced. Our guns told handsomely, killing 3 horses and striking one caisson twice, one shot exploding the ammunition-chest of the limber, and according to the information of the prisoners killing 1 man and wounding 4 more and 3 horses. The same source states that our guns dismounted one piece, which was carried

