
away, and completely disabled the section, killing and wounding quite a number of cannoneers.

It is but just to specially call the attention to the commander of the section, First Lieutenant Hazlett, First Sergt. Samuel Peeples, and Corporal Timothy Gready, gunners to the pieces.

About 3 o'clock p. m. the battery, by order of general porter, moved in the direction of Hanover Court-House, and had proceeded about 2 miles when, heavy firing being heard in our rear, it was turned back, and had proceeded about 2 miles when, heavy firing being heard in our rear, it was turned back, and about 5 o'clock commenced firing at the enemy, about 1,800 yards distant. The enemy occupied the position held by our guns at 1 o'clock and was heavily pressed by our musketry. Our infantry soon after routed them when the battery was moved to the front by Lieutenant Kingsbury through an open plowed field, firing advancing, our infantry protecting the flanks, and driving the enemy before them until the that was sounded.

The battery fired 169 rounds (10-pounder Parrot gun) of percussion shell and, shrapnel, the performance being highly satisfactory, nearly every projectile bursting. Three privates were slightly bruised, 2 horses killed, 1 (Lieutenant Kingsbury's) wounded. The officers of the battery were First Lieuts. H. W. Kingsbury and C. E. Hazlett, Second Lieutenant L. M. Harrison, H. B. Reed, and C. H. Carrol, all of the Fifth Artillery; and where officers and men, afters and men, after a march of 20 miles through rain and mud, behaved with such courage, willingness, and alacrity it would be difficult to mention any others specially by name.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Captain, Fifth Artillery.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-general.

Numbers 13. Report of Captain Augustus P. Martin,

Battery C, Massachusetts Light Artillery, of engagement May 27.

NEAR PEAKE'S STATION,

Hanover County, Va., May 29, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engagement of one section of my battery on the afternoon the 27th instant, under command of First Lieutenant Dunn:

The section came into battery near the road on Harris's farm, near Peake's Railroad Station, supported on the right by the Second Regiment Maine Volunteers and a detachment of the Twenty-fifth New York Volunteers, and on the left by the Forty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, the whole under command of Brigadier-General Martindale. The woods, about 800 yards in front, where the enemy were supposed to be secreted, were shelled. The enemy soon formed in line of battle in front of the woods, and advanced toward our force, when the support fell back suddenly 20 or 30 yards, leaving the pieces uncovered, and so much exposed to the enemy's fire that it was found impossible for the cannoneers to remain at their posts, and they retired with the infantry until the enemy broke and retreated in rear of the woods. The expended during the engagement the following amount of ammu-

