
nition: Thirty-five rounds spherical case, 7 rounds shells, 1 round solid shot; total 43.

Private James B. Robinson was severely wounded in the neck, and John Ryan slightly wounded in the abdomen. i also lost 3 horses killed and 2 horses wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. MARTIN,

Captain Battery C, Massachusetts Artillery.

Captain CHARLES GRIFFIN,

Chief of Artillery, Porter's Division.

Numbers 14. Report of Captain George D. Allen,

Battery E, Massachusetts Light Artillery, of operations May 27-28.
HDQRS. BATTERY E, (FIFTH) MASSACHUSETTS ARTILLERY,Camp near Gaines' Mill, May 30, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 49, from General Morell, and a verbal order from Captain Griffin, to report to Colonel McQuade, commanding Second Brigade, Porter's division, this battery marched early in the forenoon of May 27 in rear of this brigade. We were too late to take any part in the first skirmish near Hanover Court-House, but followed on with the rest of the division until ordered by General Porter to turn back, as firing was heard in our rear. We followed Captain Griffin's battery, but took no part in the engagement.

On Wednesday, the 28th, we were ordered by Captain Griffin to go down the road we came in the rear of our advance force. Here we remained until ordered forward again into a field, where we encamped.

Thursday we received orders from Captain Griffin to march back to our old camp at Gaines' Mill, where we arrived at midnight. No ammunition was expended and no casualties occurred to the battery.

GEO. D. ALLEN,

Captain.

Captain GRIFFIN.

Numbers 15. Report of Brigadier General George W. Morell,

U. S. Army, commanding division.
HDQRS. PORTER'S DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS (PROVIS'AL),Camp, near New Bridge, Va., June 7, 1862.

Pursuant to orders from the general commanding the corps my division left camp at an early hour on Tuesday morning, 27th ultimo, for Hanover Court-House. For several hours the rain fell in torrents, but about noon the clouds broke away and during the latter part of the day the heat was oppressive. Colonel berdan's regiment of Sharpshooters led, followed by the First, Third, and Second brigades, each brigade escorting a battery of artillery, the whole preceded by a strong detachment of cavalry, with a battery of light artillery (Benson's), under command of General Emory.

