
Seventh, Eigtheenth, Twenty-eighth, and Thirty-seventh Regiments, with others temporarily attached. We sent in nearly 600 prisoners, besides the wounded.

To my assistant adjutant-general, Captain R. T. Auchmuty, adn to my aides, Lieuts. J. E. Williams and I. Seymour, jr., I am indebted for the prompt and cheerful performance of duty and accurage transmission of orders, their zeal at times leading them to incur greater exposure than the exigencies of the movement required.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. MORELL,

Brigadier-General.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 16. Report of Colonel Hiram Berdan,

First U. S. Sharpshooters, of engagement May 27.
HDQRS. FIRST Regiment BERDAN'S U. S. SHARPSHOOTER, Camp near Gaines' Mill, May 30, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular order of this date I have the honor to report a detail of the action of my command in the battle of Hanover, on the 27th instant.

In the forenoon my regiment was deployed in the edge of the woods in front of the enemy's battery,to co-operate with the Twenty-fifth New York on the right and another regiment on the left. They all advanced together through the open field upon which the enemy retired. At the second attack in the afternoon I deployed my regiment in the woods with the intention of attacking the enemy to the left and in the rear. In so doing we came across a North Carolina Regiment stationed behind the earth fence on the

cross-road, near the house where General Morell's headquarters subsequently were. After a frew rounds from our skirmishers the enemy retreated, leaving 17 killed, 27 wounded, and 31 prisoners. The latter were employed in carrying off the wounded and burying the dead.

Of my command none were killed, and the only prisoners was Dr. G. C. Marshall, my regiment surgeon, who was on duty at the little house used as the first hospital. He was taken just as the second action commenced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. BERDAN,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Sharpshooters.

Captain R. T. AUCHUMUTY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 17. Report of Brigadier General John H. Martindale,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. MARTINDALE'S Brigadier, FIFTH PROV., ARMY CORPS, Camp near New Bridge, Va., May 30, 2862.

I have the honor to make through you the following report of the operations of this brigade on the 27th instant at the battle of Hanover,

