
Colonel Stryker, and when from the second line the flag of his regiment was in view he immediately returned to it. The battle had no lasted quite an hour, and although the center of my line was broken under a cross-fire which was entirely destructive and insupportable, still the Second Maine on the right, I believe every man, and the largest body of the Forty-fourth New York, with the lieutenant-colonel and major, on the left, maintained their ground without flinching. It is now disclosed that they were assailed by four times their number. The ammunition was nearly exhausted, as was reported to me by Major Chaplin of the Second Maine, but the two pieces of artillery, which rested in battery without a gunner and within less than 200 yards of the enemy on the right, did not induce a man of them to come form the shelter of the woods in which he was covered.

Re-enforcements at length arrived under the command of the commanding general of the division and the corps. The Fourteenth New York, of Morell's brigade, commanded by Colonel McQuade, was in advance, and approached the position of the Second Maine. By order of the commanding general of division, Lieutenant-Colonel Skillen, commanding the Fourteenth, formed his regiment with great promptitude agreeably to my directions, and moved to the relief of the Second Maine. At this moment I saw still farther in rear Griffin's battery firing directly across the line of the

]Forty-fourth New York at a long range, exceeding 1,200 yards, and not knowing on what information he was acting and fearing a mistake, I rode up in front of it to have the battery thrown forward.

The woods on the north of the Richmond road, from which the enemy had been assailing my right flank and center, are about 500 yards in width, and on the northeastern side there is an open field, and Captain Griffin directed me to the commanding general of the corps on that field, where I found him, and described the position of my command, and learned that the Ninth Massachusetts and Sixty-second Pennsylvania Regiments, of Morell's brigade, had been deployed into these woods. That movement necessarily ended the battle on the right, because it was assailing the enemy in rear, while the Fourteenth New York held htem in front and on their left flank. An order was then immediately sent by the commanding general of the corps to the Fourteenth New York to cease firing, it being apparent that the Ninth Massachusetts and Sixty-second Pennsylvania had marched long enough to come within range of the fire of that regiment. For the rest, the enemy was routed, and it remained for those who had come to our relief to follow in pursuit and gather up the fugitive priosners.

The Twenty-second Massachusetts had gone up the railroad agreeably to orders and could not reach the battle ground in return until the victory had been achieved. I ought not to omit a reference to the participation of the Thirteenth New York in the fight. Just after I had reached Griffin's battery, to induce the suspension of its fire until it had advanced farther, I met the Thirteenth New York, and saw it file past me with cheers to the support and relief of the Forty-fourth New York. I leave it to the officer having the regiment under command to notice its action, which has been reported to me as prompt and gallant. This regiment,as reported to me, advanced so as to encounter and responded to some of the last and retiring of the enemy and drove him from the shelter of the woods in that direction. Here the Thirteenth New York met its casulaties in killed and wounded. Captain Powers, my assistant adjutant-general and my aides-de-camp, Lieutenants Martinadle and Davis, behaved throughout this severe fight which signal

