
bravery and discretion. All of them were repatedly under a hot fire of musketry.

I have already commended Lieutenant-Colonel Rice and Major Capin, of the Forty-fourth New York, to the honorable consideration of the commanding general by reciting their conduct. A part of the

Forty-fourth New York broke, and could not be rallied, but they were subjected to the same fire which drove the gunners from the battery and caused the Twenty-fifth New York to retire. The heroic endurance of the Twenty-fifth New York, itx wounded commanders (Colonel Johnson and Lieutenant-Colonel Savage and Adjutant Houghton), its severe losses of brave officers and men repel, the idea that they would retire where the bravest soldiers are expected to stand their ground. The behavior of the Second Maine was gallant in the extreme, and no praise bestowed for brave and meritorious military servics can be deemed extravagant when applied to Colonel Roberts and his whole command.

I rest in the opinion that had the Twenty-second Massachusetts Regiment remained with me the enemy could have been repelled without further assistance, for that regiment and its able commander had been with me far to the left, and understood the topography of the country in that direction.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN H. MARTINDALE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain R. T. AUCHUMUTY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 18. Report of Colonel Charles W. Roberts,

Second Maine Infantry, of engagement May 27.

HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT MAINE VOLUNTEERS, Gaines' Mill, May 30, 1862.

GENERAL: My command having been engaged in the late battle at Peake's Station, or Hanover, on Tuesday last, the 27th instant, I submit the following report,viz:

Agreeably to orders from brigade headquarters, at about 4 o'clock on Tuesday morning, the 27th instant, in a driving northeast

rain-storm, my command, comprising in all officers and men, 409, with but were rifles, two days' rations, and 60 rounds of cartridges per man, were drawn up in line ready for a move. Between the hours of 5 and 6 a.m. the order to march was received, and directly the Twenty-second Regiment Massachusetts, Colonel Gove, the New York Twenty-fifth, Colonel Johnson, being in advance.

After a forced march of 14 miles in a northerly direction, between the hours of 12 and 1 o'clock we arrived at Peake's Station, so called, located upon the Virginia Central Railroad. Upon my arrival here, however, and just as my command had emerged from the woods which skirted the roadside into an open field, I found that Colonel Johnson, with his command, on the right of the road, were actively engaging the enemy. At this point I was instructed by General Martindale to immediately form line of battle with my command. Having done so,

