
was then placed in position, my regiment on the right, the

Forty-fourth on the left. Some well-directed shells were then thrown from the battery, both into the woods in front, also to the right and left, which seemed to check the advance of the enemy's forces. At this time General Martindale, hearing that they were attempting to flank our left, sent an order to Colonel Stryker to deploy his regiment as skirmishers in that quarter. The enemy, however, before Colonel Stryker could have done much execution, appeared bodldy in front, advancing in perfect order, the red colors of the right and left general guides, also the Stars and Bars defiantly flying. Meanwhile my skirmishers had retired. When they had advanced to within about 400 yards of us they fired a volley. Before it reached us, however,my command by my orders, were on the ground, and most of their bullets passed harmlessly over us. I immediately gave the order to rise up, fire by battalion, at the same time directing the battery to open upon them. We kept up a brisk fire upon them for nearly twenty minutes, but they retreated to the left into the woods after our first volley.

At this time Colonel Johnson, of the Twenty-fifth New York, with but 175 men - his regiment having been badly cut up in the earlier part of the day - was ordered to relieve me. While I was being relieved I ascertained that the enemy were rapidly advancing on my right through the woods. Informing the general commanding of the fact, he ordered me to meet them. I immediately did so, and had just time to get outside of a hedge fence of this side of the woods when through the fence muzzle met muzzle, the fight waxing warm. In this position I remained one full holding the enemy in check. The Twenty-fifth New York, from the raking fire on their right, their force being very small, and the colonel wounded, were obliged to retire. The battery at this time was left by the cannoneers, the fire being too hot for them. The Forty-fourth New York still remained on the left of the battery, receiving a galling fire, but not in a position to return it to advantage, their rifles bearing too great an elevation.

My ammunition being nearly exhausted, many of my men having fired away their 60 rounds, I anxiously looked for re-enforcements, when finally I espied a regiment, the New York Fourteenth, under Lieutenant-Colonel Skillen, coming to our relief. Then such a shout arose from my command that the enemy, wavering, gradually commenced to fall back, the Fourteenth getting upon the ground and opening, and a shell or two from one of Captain Griffin's guns stationed in the rear dropping among them, and a force on their left advancing, they finally retired and the rout was perfect. I was then relieved, and advancing a short distance bivouacked for the night on the right of the road leading to Hanover Court-House.

In this affair I cannot but bestow upon my entire command the highest praise, both for bravery, coolness, and a stric obedienc to orders, and it would be doing a great injustice to mention any individual cases. Among those who fell, however, I will mention Sergt. B. F. Smart, Company H, one of the bravest and most faithful of men, who at the battle of Bull Run served with great valor; also Sergeant Murch, of Company B; Private Pollard, of Company G, who at Bull Run was wounded and taken prisoner. Among the wounded

Color-Sergt. J. H. Sylvester, Company B, falling at the first fire, is deserving of praise in delivering up into proper hands his colors and then quiently crawling to the rear. Sergeant Rowe, Company E, seriously wounded, also exhibited great coolness; also Sergt. Major Charles Ellis. Great credit is also due to Surgeon Morrison and Assist. Surg. A. D. Palmer, who, among the hissing

