
of bullets, ahd a solicitous care not only for the memebers of their own regiment, but also for all those of the division to whom their attention was called. Lieutenant Samuel W. Hoskins, regimental quartermaster, although a non-combatant to some extent, excelled in coolness.

In conclusion, as rumor at one time reported a section in coolness. Martin's battery taken, I will add that such was not the case; further-more, that the pieces were not polluted by rebel hands, the colors of the Forty-fourth New York Regiment floating over them continually during and after the action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ROBERTS,

Colonel, Commanding Second Maine.

General J. H. MARTINDALE,

Commanding First Brigade, Porter's Division.

No. 19. Report of Colonel James Barnes,

Eighteenth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations May 26-29.

HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH REGIMENT MASS. VOLUNTEERS, In Camp near Chickahominy Bridge, May 30, 1862.

SIR: In conformity with instructions I have the honor to report the operations of this regiment since Monday, 26th instant:

On that day, under order to march from the camp at Kidd's Mill, the regiment engaged in the process of exchanging the smooth-bore muskets, until that time in use, for the new Springfield rifled arm, were directed to followe the other regiments of the brigade as soon as the exchange could be completed. Subsequently four companies of the regiment were directed to perform picket duty in front of the position then occupied. The remaining companies of the regiment proceeded at an early hour to follow the brigade, and on arriving at this camp four more companies were detached to join those then on picket duty, and proceeded late in the evening upon that service. At a still leter hour orders were received to withdraw the pickets upon being relieved by several companies of the regulars, which was accordingly done, and the companies returned to this camp at 3 o'clock on the morning of the 27th in the midst of heavy rain and over very difficult roads, having thus been engaged in constant duty for twenty-four hours and consequently much wearied and drenched in the heavy rains.

The division being directed to march at 3.30 a.m. it was deemed necessary to afford the regiment some repose, and I was directed to follow the division as early as practicable after they had obtained it. At an early hour the line was formed and at about 10 o'clock put in motion for Hanover Court-House, a distance of 15 miles, and though much impeded on the way by transportation and artillery trains which occupied the road, which in some places were almost impassalbe on account of the heavy rains of the night before, arrived in good order at the camp of the brigade at a late hour of the afternoon, but not in season to take part in the action of the day, in which the rest of the brigade had had the honor of participating to a greator or less extent. On the way I learned that a party of the enemy's forces had appeared suddenly in front of a house about 2 miles in advance upon the road,

