
wire in several places, destroyed a water tank and culvert, and removed several rails.

When about 1 mile on the road rapid musket firing, with artillery, was heard in the rear. After marching about 2 miles on the road I arrived at the road indicated, where I met Captain Locke, of General Porter's staff, who informed me that we were attacked in the rear, and that all the troops were returning. Without waiting further time I moved up upon the main and marched back and reported to General Porter, who directed me to move my regiment forward as a support. The enemy having been completely routed, I bivouacked for the night with my regiment by the house where we took up the first position in the earlier part of the afternoon.

With a march of not loss than 22 miles and being under arms more than fifteen hours the conduct of my entire command met fully by most sanguine expectations. My casulaties for the day were very slight, having 1 wounded and 8 missing, a list of which has already been furnished you.

On ther morning of the 28th I made a reconnaissance in the direction of Ashland and Richmond, an account of which is embodied in a sepatate report.*

At 8 o'clock this evening I arrived at this camp, having left with the rest of the brigade at 1 p.m.

Respectfully submitted.

JESSE A. GOVE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain CHARLES J. POWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. First Brigade, Porter's Division.

No. 21. Report of Major Edwin S. Gilbert,

Twenty-fifth New York Infantry, of engagement May 27.

HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS., Camp near New Bridge, June 2, 1862.

This regiment left camp near New Bridge with the advancing column about 4 o'clock a.m. May 27. After advancing some 10 miles we were ordered to the front to act as skirmishers. After marching some 2 to 3 miles we came to the junction of the New Bridge road with the one leading toward Hanover Court-House. Our column, marching by the right flank, had just entered this road when we were ordered to deploy as skirmishers. The first division, Companies C and B, under command of Captain McMahon and Lieutenant Olcott, filed to the right of the road into a wheat field, loaded,and deployed; second division, Companies E and G, under command of Captain Preston and Lieutenant Connor, deployed on the left of the road, their right on the road; third division, Companies F and K, under Captain Harris and Lieutenant Graham, deployed to the left of second division, Lieutenant-Colonel Savage taking immediately command of the skirmishers on the left of the road and Colonel Johnson the skirmishers on the right of the road; the fourth and fifth divisions, Companies D, I, A, and H, were left as a reserve, under my command. I ordered them to file to the right into the

---------------

*See report dated May 28,above.

---------------

