
again advanced to the road that comes out to the Richmond and Pamunkey road in front of the house. Across this road they saw the enemy in some force. The skirmishers fired upon them, when the enemy retreated, leaving some knapsacks and a drum.

The whole force of the enemy there, which appeared to be at least one regiment, accompanied by two white wagons, swept around to our left. The skirmishers, not deeming it prudent to advance into the open field, remained in their position, not having heard the order of Colonel Jonson to retire. They remained here until recalled from their position after the enemy had been driven from the house by our artillery and our advancing column.

Colonel Johnson, soon after returning to the reserve, sent out Captain Maxwell, with Company H, to the right of Lieutenant Olcott, fearing a force in that direction. Captain Maxwell went out and joined Lieutenant Olcott on the right and remained there until recalled, something like an hour afterward. Captain Maxwell sent in the mean time 2 prisoners found in the woods. We remained in the woods, lying down to keep out of range of our artillery, which had come up and opened upon the enemy. The enemy replied at first quite lively, but were soon silenced.

The Berdan Sharpshooters came up near the wood in line of battle behind us.

The firing soon after ceasing, the colonel gave orders to recall our skirmishers, and at the same time sent out Lieutenant Vanderzee to pick up the killed and wounded. While he as giving these orders Lieutenant Martindale rode up and informed the colonel that we were wanted in the rear, as there was a force there.

I should have stated that while lying in the woods one column advanced and marched by us - I know not how many regiments, but quite a number. The colonel ordered the regiment back into the open field, where we rested. Instead, however, of joining our brigade, the colonel and myself went up to the house to see our dead and wounded. They lay in the yard in front of the house, between the house and barn and behind the barn. I also counted 8 dead and 1 wounded rebels. The latter I had brought to the house.

While here, something like an hour after we left our regiment, Lieutenant Martindale came again to Colonel Johnson and desired him to have his regiment join the regiments in the rear, as most of the column had passed on and General Martindale expected an attack in the rear. After some further delay we returned to our regiment and marched back to where we first deployed as skirmishers. We found that the battle had already begun. The Second Maine was drawn up near the junction of the road, their right resting upon the Richmond road, the Forty-fourth New York Volunteers still farther to the left, along a point of woods running in the direction of the New Bridge road. The rebels appeared along a wood at right angles with the Richmond road and some distance, say 600 yards, beyond the New Bridge road. We were soon marched along so as to occupy a position between the two regiments and behind two pieces of artillery. The firing was quite brisk, and lusty cheering was given on both sides.

The rebels, finding that they could not drive us in front, endeavored to flank us on the right. Our regiment was ordered to take the place of the Second Maine, the Second Maine taking a position farther to the right and against the fence. The movement was hardly completed when the enemy opened from the woods upon our right flank, giving us an enfilading fire. Our regiment, now consisting of about 150 men, many

