
of them being still absent picking up the dead, fired for a shot time, but soon seeing that it was impossible to hold such a position, were ordered to withdraw. This was done in some confusion, for at this point Colonel Johnson's horse received four balls, killing him instantly, the colonel himself being wounded in the thigh, the adjutant, O. C. Houhgton, being also wounded and his horse shot, Lieutenant Hicks and Coglan receiving wounds also. Many of the men fell dead and wounded. We endeavored to rally a few yards to our rear, just under the brow of a hill, but having so few men and the fire being so severe we found in impossible. General Martindale, who was present, endeavored to from line for us. The colonel, though, wounded, still retained command. I gave the order to fall back in the skirt of the woods to the right and a little to rear of the Forty-fourth. While the left was obeying this the colonel gave the order to form in line behind the block-house, some 600 yards to the rear. Here we formed line by aid of General Martindale and rested.

Thus ended the fight as far as this regiment was concerned. We rested for the night here. The next day we picked up our dead and buried them. The third day at about 1 o'clock we were ordered back to camp, where we arrived about dark.

E. S. GILBERT,

Major, Commanding Twenty-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers.

No. 22. Report of Colonel James McQuade,

Fourteenth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of engagement May 27.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE PORTER'S DIVISION, Camp at New Bridge, Va., May 30, 1862.

In obedience to circular of this date, from headquarters Fifth Provisional Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of this brigade in the battle of Hanover:

The brigade, composing the Fourth Michigan Volunteers, Colonel D. A. Woodbury; Ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel Thomas Cass; Sixty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel S. W. Black, and Fourteenth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Skillen commanding, marched from camp of column. Progress was very much impeded by the heavy rain then falling, the bad condition of the roads, and the interference of supply trains. The brigade halted in a wood about 4 miles from Peake's Station, in order to allow the stragglers from the preceding brigade to regain their regiments. While there firing was heard in front, and I pushed on a expeditiously as possible to Dr. Kinney's house (where the rist skirmish took place), arriving after the enemy had retired. I remained there while Colonel Warren's command was taking its place in column, and then, in obedience to orders, advanced along the Hanover road.

After reaching the wood about a mile from that point Captain Mason, of General Porter's staff, rode up and informed me that General Martindale reported the enemy advancing to attack him in the rear, and that his force was inadequate to resist the attack. I halted the brigade and arrived orders, while Captain Mason went forward to report to General Porter. Shortly afterward I received an order to march back

