
to the assistance of General Martindale. The brigade returned left in front, and the regiments were formed in column by companies as they successively arrived in the wheat field in rear of Kinney's house.

At this point I was informed that Martin's battery had been silenced and two guns taken the enemy, and that General Martindale's command was in imminent danger. Although the men were very much fatigued by the long march, I appealed to them to hurry to the support of their comrades, and they obeyed with the utmost alacrity. I immediately pushed forward the Fourteenth New York along the Richmond road, where General Martindale was engaged. General Morell, commanding division, being present, took immediate command of this regiment, relieving the Second Maine Volunteers and Twenty-fifth New York Volunteers, which had theretofore borne the brunt of the attack, and had nearly on Martin's battery, but a destructive fire by battalion from the Fourteenth New York, followed by brisk and well-sustained file firing, compelled him to retire.

As the Fourteenth New York was engaged in front, the Sixty-second Pennsylvania and the Ninth Massachusetts entered the wood from the wheat field, the Ninth behind the Sixty-second, and attacked the enemy on his left flank. In a short time the retreat became a complete rout, and the enemy, closely pressed by the Ninth and Sixty-second, fled in every direction. The Fourteenth New York was then ordered by General Porter to cease firing and advance farther along the Richmond road to support Griffin's battery, which had taken position to open fire on the retreating enemy. The Ninth Massachusetts and Sixty-second Pennsylvania dark, when the Fourteenth and Sixty-second, by order of General Porter, were withdrawn and encamped with the Fourth Michigan on the open space in front of the wood. The Ninth Massachusetts remained in the wood until morning, when it returned and joined the rest of the brigade.

A large number of prisoners and a considerable quantity of arms were taken.

The Fourth Michigan Regiment was not engaged, but was held in reserve in the wheat field. The fierce and irresistible attack of the other regiments routed the enemy so completely that it was not necessary to bring the Fourth into action.

All the troops under my command displayed the utmost courage and coolness during the battle. Veterans could not have done better.

I am happy to report that the casualties in this brigade were comparatively few, as will be seen by the accompanying report.* A burial party, under command of Major Patterson, Sixty-second Pennsylvania, buried 1 mann of this command and 51 of the enemy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. McQUADE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Porter's Division.

Captain R. T. AUCCHMUTY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in return,p.685.

---------------

