
and two houses on its left, extending across the field to the verge of a wood running at right angles to the one from which we had issued. They poured at us then a scorching and heavy fire, flying over and around us in a perfect torrent. Down and up the steep banks of the cut made for the railroad I moved my regiment by the right flank. Having cleared the railroad, a solid front is again presented to the enemy. Another dash at right-shoulder-shift arms is made toward him, when he precipitately fled, closely pursued by the two companies deployed as skirmishers.

During the fight we had 1 mortally wounded, Sergt. Daniel J. Regan, Company G, and 11 seriously and slightly. The starry banner of the Union, side by side with our green flag throughout the fight, came out of it unscathed, while the latter was pierced by eight

buck-and-ball shots and the lower tie torn away.

I am well pleased with the bearing of both my officers and men, all endeavoring for a victory in the contest.

Respectfully submitted.

THOMAS CASS,

Colonel, Commanding Ninth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

Lieutenant C. B. MERVINE, A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Porter's Div.

No. 24. Report of Lieutenant Colonel H. Skillen,

Fourteenth New York Infantry, of engagement May 27.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Camp at Gaines' Mill, Va., May 29, 1862.

SIR: About 4 p.m. on the 27th instant the regiment under my command had the honor to engage the enemy near Hanover, in this State. We were under the immediate command of Brigadier General George W. Morell, and under his directions marched in column of companies, left in front, through the field 600 or 800 yards from and in front of the enemy, who had a strong position, with a large force, in the woods, and who were preparing to charge on the Forty-fourth and Twenty-fifth New York and the Second Maine Regiment, thereby endangering a battery placed in a field near them.

As soon as my regiment had advanced pretty well in the field I ordered them to right-wheel by companies, and then changed front forward on the sixth company, after which I hurried forward and engaged the enemy so warmly that they wer compelled to fall back, soon after which I received orders, to "Cease firing," to allow one or two regiments of our brigade to charge the enemy's left flank. I was then ordered to support Griffin's battery, which I continued to do until dark.

I take pride and pleasure in stating that both officers and men under my command behaved with admirable courage and coolness during the entire battle.

I am happy to state that the damage to the regiment was very light- none killed, 4 wounded (1 severely, 3 slightly), being all the casualties.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully,C. H. SKILLEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth New York Volunteers.

Colonel JAMES McQUADE, Commanding Second Brigade.

