
strength wasted by the hard toils of the day;but their spirits failed not, and they went in and came out with whatever credit is due to dangers bravely met and the noblest duty well performed.

The line officers were with their men with scarcely an exception, and behaved admirably. Lieutenant-Colonel Sweitzer and Major Patterson did their whole duty with spirit, gallantry, and effective energy. Adjutant Brown rendered excellent assistance and handsomely performed his duties. Surgeon Kerr was ordered to other labors in the brigade, and I was left with only Dr. Webb, the assistance surgeon. But the deserves thanks for his attentive skill and well-timed presence on the field.

By the habitual care and unfailing foresight of Quartermaster Howden the men had rations sufficient for all their want.

Respectfully,

SAM'L W. BLACK,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel JAMES McQUADE,

Commanding Second (Morell's) Brigade.

No. 26. Report of Brigadier General Daniel Butterfield,

U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of engagement May 27.

HDQRS.3rd Brigadier, PORTER'S DIV., 5TH PROV. ARMY CORPS, Near New Bridge, Va., May 30, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully report that in compliance with orders received at 10.30 p.m. the 26th instant, my brigade marched toward Hanover Court-House at about 6 a.m. of the 27th. Our orders were to march at 3.30 a.m. The regiments were up and in readiness, but was ordered to precede us. The rain was so severe as to prevent the men from building fires; they could not get them to burn, and in consequence many started on the march without coffee. Our march to the battle-field near Hanover Court-House was the most severe I have ever experienced. Half an hour before the fight began I hardly thought it possible for my men to pitch camp and prepare supper, so much fatigued were they with the march in mud, rain, and sun.

When the head of my column approached the position indicated as A on the map, where Benson's battery was in action, General F. J.

Porter personally indicated to me the position he desired me to take with my brigade, indicating it, as understood by me, in the direction marked by the arrow C on the accompanying sketch.

I formed my brigade in the order mentioned below and as per sketch: On the first line the Seventeenth New York, Colonel Lansing, on the right;Eighty-third Pennsylvania, Colonel McLane, on the left, with skirmishers in front. The second line, Twelfth New York, Colonel Weeks, in rear of the right; Sixteenth Michigan, Colonel Stockton, in rear of the left.

Having personally surveyed the field, as well as having sent out some of my personal staff, I determined to change the position for attack very slightly from that indicated by General Porter, for the purpose of covering my approach to the enemy. I directed the command to move

