
that we were in front of the Ninth Massachusetts, our line perpendicular to theirs. We pushed on and came out on the road where Griffin's battery was just preparing to open fire (point marked H on the sketch.) I was unable to get my horse across the ditch and fence on the road-side; crossed on foot, borrowed a horse from some one, and pushed the Eighty-third forward to press the enemy. Asked Lieutenant Kingsbury to push forward a portion of his battery, which was of his battery, which was done,to the position marked K, supported by the Eighty-third Regiment.

Shortly afterward General Morell came up to the front in person. From him I obtained permission to push in the Fifth New York Zouaves, with a view to press and rout the enemy as completely as possible, and to bring up more troops. Everything was going on hadsomely in front. My only desire now was to push forward troops enough to utterly rout the enemy and capture all the prisoners possible. I went back to get up more men - the enemy's fire slackened, the sun went down, and the day was ours.

By General Porter's orders we camped on the battle-field. I inclose the reports of Colonel Lansing, Seventeenth New York Volunteers; Colonel McLane, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers; Colonel Stryker, Forty-fourth New York Volunteers. I have mislaid Colonel Stockton's, Sixteenth Michigan, but will send it as soon as found.

I had neglected to mention that the Forty-fourth were detached by General Morell on the march at the cross-roads, 3 miles from the scene of the engagement, and I saw nothing of them until after the fight. They were under General Martindale while in action.

I would call attention to Colonel McLane's report as showing the position of affairs at the close of the fight and the turning point of the second engagement.

Where all the regiments did so well it is improper to discriminate. The splendid bearing, under their baptismal fire, of the

Eighty-third Pennsylvania and Seventh New York was worthy of the highest praise. The Eighty-third was in both fights, and behaved like veterans in the last as in the first.

The instances of individual gallantry were numerous. Major Von Vegesack, of my staff, was inside the enemy's line of skirmishers while making a reconnaissance to get information for me; was fired at six times, and narrowly escaped with his life. To him, as to Captain Hoyt, Lieutenant Livingstone, and Actg. Lieutenant E. M. Fisher, I was particularly indebted, for valuable and efficient aid in the field of battle. Quartermaster C.b. Norton was with me during the warmest portion of the engagement, and was of great service to me, behaving with gallantry. Lieutenant Seymour, of General Morell's staff, also aided me at one time in an important matter.

We turned over to the guard from all the regiments about 225 prisoners. Captured 160 stand of arms, which were forwarded to Colonel Kingsbury, of the ordnance department; one 12-pounder howitzers, now in possession of the Seventeenth New York Regiment; one Union Defense Committe wagon, now in possession of my brigade quartermaster (this wagon was probably taken from our forces at the battle of Bull Run); a hospital wagon with stores, which was turned over to Captain Charles B. Norton.

I desire to call attention to the praiseworthy behavior of Lieutenant Burleigh, of the Seventeenth New York, who with some of his men sent out in the first fight as skirmishers, did not return by the route to join their regiment, but joined the Eighty-third and fought well.

The list of killed, wounded, and missing in my brigade is attached

