
hereto in schedule marked A.* I regret to add that Lieutenant Henry W. Perkins, aide-de-camp on my staff, was taken prisoner. He was left behind on account of having been sick with fever for ten days; but anxious to be present at the battle, rode up in an ambulance, and was resting in the hospital at the time it was attacked. He was taken by the enemy, though took weak to sit on a horse.

I am, very respectfully, yours,&amp;c.,

DAN'L BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier General, Commanding Third Brigade, Porter's Division.

Captain R. T. AUCHMUTY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-I desire to call attention to the names of the officers mentioned in the reports of the regimental commanders, particularly those of the Forty-fourth New York Volunteers.

There were 19 of the enemy's dead buried by my command. We could not bury those we killed in action, owing to the lack of tools. The few we did bury we had to borrow tools.

No. 27. Report of Colonel Henry A. Weeks,

Twelfth New York Infantry, of engagement May 27.
HDQRS. INDEPENDENCE GUARD, 12TH Regiment N. Y. VOSL., Camp near Hanover Court-House, Va., May 28, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that upon entering the action yesterday my command was much reduced in numbers by the severity of the march, yet rallied cheeringly under the sound of the distant firing. by order the regiment was formed in line of battle, the left reaching across the road, and the moved forward in line the wood. After halting some time flanked by the right from the wood formed column by division, and moved forward in rear of the artillery through the open fields as far as the railroad; flanked through the woods, and reached the road to Hanover Court-House. Just as we reached in an order came from General Porter stating that our rear was attacked, and ordering our return to our former position. Faced about at once and, left in front, urged my command on. Upon reaching the open field formed line of battle and advanced until ordered to halt, collect stragglers, and hold ourselves in readiness. At the conclusion of the action bivouacked in the open field, where we still remain.

In noticing the fact that some of my stragglers are reported to have joined other commands and acted worthily, I have to report one such in hospital with severe wound in hand and one missing from Company B. Also, a member of company K received a slight contusion on the thigh, not disabling him, upon first entering the field.

Three of the enemy received a rude burial at our hands near the spot where they fell.

Respectfully submitted.

HENRY A. WEEKS,Colonel, Commanding Twelfth New York Volunteers.

Brigadier General D. BUTTERFIELD.

---------------

*Embodied in return,p.685.

---------------

