
General Butterfield being ill, the undersigned took command of the brigade and marched it to camp, leaving Hanover at 3.30 p.m., but in consequence of detections made by the troops and trains ahead did not arrive in camp until 3.30 a.m. At this morning's roll call all were present, although half my command had marched some 30 miles. Both officers and men behaved nobly, without an exception. As the result of the engagement I have to report none known to be killed or wounded; 8 missing. There were no dead buried by this regiment.

Respectfully submitted.

H. S. LANSING,

Colonel, Seventeenth Regiment New York Volunteers.

Brigadier General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Commanding Third Brigade.

In behalf of the regiment I respectfully request that the howitzer be forwarded to Fortress Monroe, and from there to New York when the regiment shall return, to be turned over by them to the ordnance office, after their parade, previous to being mustered out of service.

Respectfully,

H. S. LANSING,

Colonel Seventeenth New York Volunteers.
HDQRS.17TH Regiment N. Y. VOLS., 3rd Brigadier, MORELL'S DIV.,5TH PROV. ARMY CORPS, Chickamauga Run, June 4, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Having seen the report of Colonel McLane, of the Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers,on his action at Hanover Court-House, and seeing that he claims to have taken the howitzer claimed by me in my report, beg most respectfully that the general commanding the division take some means to decide to whom the honor belongs before the report from his headquarters is sent in. I am prepared to prove all I claim in my report.

Very respectfully,H. S. LANSING,

Colonel Seventeenth Regiment New York Volunteers.

Captain R. T. AUCHMURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 29. Report of Colonel Stephen W. Stryker,

Forty-fourth New York Infantry.

HDQRS. FORTY-FOURTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS., May 30, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to submit to the general commanding the following report of the engagements of the Forty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers on Tuesday, May 27, 1862, with a rough sketch of the battle ground:

We were marching with the brigade. I received orders from General Morell, commanding division, to halt at the cross-roads and make such disposition of the force under my command as to secure the rear of our

