
officer the following-named officers, whose brave conduct during the engagement would have done honor to much older and more experienced soldiers: Major E. P. Chapin, Adjt. E. B. Knox, Capts. Freeman Conner, L. S. Larrabee, G. M. Love, A. W. Shaffer; Lieutenants Woodworth, Becker, Kelly, Royce, Anthes, Burdick, Fox, McMillan, Gibbs, Nash, McRoberts, Herendeen, and Gaskell.

I desire to notice also in this report some particular instances of personal bravery and patriotism which fell under my notice during the engagement.

Adjutant Knox was waving his sword and cheering on the men by my side, when a musket-ball from the enemy shattered his arm, breaking both bones. He retired a few paces, bound up his arms with his handkerchief, and with his sword waving in the uninjured hand came back, and assisted me in encouraging the men to victory till be fainted from exhaustion.

Lieutenant Woodworth rallied and cheered the men on from the commencement to the end of the engagement, while volleys of balls scattered the dead around him, and Lieutenant Becker did the same. These two young officers especially attracted my attention, as they were frequently near me.

Lieutenant Royce exposed himself frequently to the most deadly fire to save the wounded who fell in front of the road. He used the musket continually and gave great courage to his men.

Lieutenant Gaskell would not allow his company to fall back even to the road, although exposed to a severe fire, and although every company of his right had fallen back under cover, but steadily delivered volleys into the enemy till he was personally ordered to take his company back ten paces to the road.

Captain Larrabee had not a man leave his ranks from the commencement to the close of the action, and when asked in the midst of the struggle if his company would follow me in a charge upon the enemy, replied, "All of my company will follow you save the dead!"

Captain Love had raised a volunteer squad from his company to draw off the abandoned artillery from the field amid the severest fire, and was consulting with Major Chapin in regard to a charge of the regiment to precede the design, it having been thought best by these two officers that a charge should precede the attempt to draw off the artillery. Major Chapin was passing along the lines to consult with myself in regard to this project when he was severely wounded.

Corporal Young, Company F, fell pierced with balls as he boldly rushed forward and raised our fallen flag from the ground. It was the second time he had raised it and waved it in the face of the enemy. Private Frank B. Schutt, of Company G, twice raised the flag when it was shot down. It gave me pleasure to take his name, as I saw shot down. It gave me pleasure to take his name, as I saw him engaged in this heroic act and to commend his conduct before his companions-in-arms on the ground. He replied that as long as he lived I should never see that flag in the dust. A wounded man (Corporal Chandler, Company F), with three balls through his body, refused to have me remove him, as my time was too valuable to attend to him. He afterward received two more (severe) wounds, but I believe he still lives. Private Leland, Company F, fired over 20 rounds after he had been twice wounded in the head and after his finger had been shot off. He still lives, and is on bivouac with the regiment. A wounded soldier, after the contest was nearly over, spoke feebly to me as I passed and called me by name. I paused, stooped over to hear some dying request to a fond mother or sister, but all he said was this, "Colonel,

