
is the day ours?" "Yes," I replied. "Then I am willing to die." He sleeps with the other heroic dead on that field, and they all sleep well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. RICE,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Lieutenant E. A. NASH,

Acting Regiment Adjutant.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded.

This report was received subsequent to the sending in my report. I submit it as a most interesting account of the fight in the Forty-fourth, stating many matters which the colonel seems to have overlooked.

Very respectfully,

DAN'L BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

No. 31. Report of Colonel John W. McLane,

Eighty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, of engagement May 27.

HDQRS. EIGHTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, 3rd Brigadier, MORELL'S DIV., 5TH (PROV.) ARMY CORPS, Camp near Hanover Court-House, Va., May 28, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the engagement of yesterday:

When the head of my column reached the field in front of the enemy we were ordered to file to the right and throw off blankets and tents. This completed, we advanced in line of battle across the field. At the fence by the field we threw out as skirmishers Companies A, Captain Sigler, and B, Captain Apple, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Vincent, and the whole command crossed the road and advanced in line through the woods to a point opposite the enemy's guns (marked B in diagram annexed), where we were ordered to half and await orders. Here we sent wold by Adjutant Lamont of the appearance of a regiment of the enemy (the Twenty-eight North Carolina, as it proved) in the field, 400 yards to the front, behind some straw stacks. General Butterfield then ordered us to bear to the right and advance to the attack. We did so. Our skirmishers engaged those of the enemy, upon whom they had been firing for some time, drove them backward through the ravine on our left, killing 2 and capturing 8.

The line of our own skirmishers at this time was not a prolongation of that of the Seventeenth New York Regiment, which was advancing on the right, but rather in echelon, our right some 10 or 20 yards in advance of and overlapping their left. The enemy's guns were directly in front of our right. These skirmishers had fired for fifteen minutes upon the battery before the advance of the regiments from the wood, and, as we found, had pierced with two rifle-balls the same horse whose leg was broken by a shell.

As we approached firing upon him the enemy fled, abandoning one of his pieces - a 12-pounder brass howitzers of Captain Latham's battery.

