
of whom we captured, with their horses and equipments. Ashland had been abandoned by the enemy in great haste on the previous day.

We were unable to do any damage to the railroad beyond removing a few rails.

We returned to Old Church that evening and night, marching till midnight.

The day previous to our advance on Hanover Court-House we made an extended reconnaissance with a large force and destroyed a bridge over the Pamunkey at Mrs. Hemly's. These fatiguing marches were performed with cheerfulness by the command, though all suffered much from fatigue. Our operations were attended with no casualties except to the Thirteenth New York Volunteers, but were conducted constantly in the face of danger, and with a spirit with showed the willingness of the command to meet it wherever their duty calls them.

Thrown together as my command was for the first time I have special reason to speak of the promptness and energy with which the different commanders obeyed my orders and seconded me in all my endeavors to carry out your instructions. I submit herewith a table called for by your circular, from which it will be seen that in my command none were killed or missing, 7 were wounded, and 173 prisoners, captured by us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 33. Report of Colonel Robert O. Tyler,

First Connecticut Heavy Artillery, of operations May 22-June 1.

CAMP NEAR GAINES' LANDING, June 1, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of Brigadier-General Sykes that my regiments has been employed from the date of its being detached on special service (May 22) until that in which the brigade has reported with its division (June 1), as follows:

Thursday, May 22, the regiment marched from White House by Tunstall's Station to the cross-roads at Mount Airey, 9 miles. I there found the Thirteenth New York Volunteers (Colonel Marshall), and the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry (Colonel Rush). In the afternoon a reconnaissance was made by the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry along the banks of Pamunkey and a special report forward.

Friday, May 23, the three regiments, of which I was in command marched from Mount Airey to Old Church (5 miles). A careful reconnaissance was made of all the roads leading to the Pamunkey and to Hanover Court-House. Upon these strong infantry pickets were established, and cavalry vedettes observed the ferries at Hanover, New Castle, and Pipingtree. A copy of the survey which was made by Major Doull, Second New York Artillery, extended as far as Mr. Hawes' shop (5 3/4 miles from Old Church and 7 miles from Hanover Court-House), was forwarded next day. The provost duty was performed by Thirteenth New York Volunteers. In investigating the neighborhood, the provost-marshal

47 R R-VOL XI

