
was so much impeded by the artillery that it was impossible to bring all the regiment up together, I directed Colonel Marshall, commanding the Thirteenth New York Volunteers, who, being on the left, led, and Lieutenant-Colonel Duryea, commanding the Fifth New York, to deploy in the open ground near Dr. Kinney's house, and report for orders to Brigadier-General Porter. I did the same with my regiment. The Thirteenth New York were ordered to support Captain Griffin's battery on the left flank. They were seriously engaged and did great execution upon the enemy. They Fifth New York deployed and entered the wood on the right, and in support of this movement and to prolong the attack in this direction I deployed my regiment and entered the woods. Unfortunately the enemy retired too rapidly to enable either the Fifth New York or my own regiment to operate upon their flank. Upon the final retreat of the enemy we retired, and encamped at Dr. Kinney's. The regiment marched about 18 miles this day. A captain of Virginia cavalry was taken prisoner by this regiment.

Wednesday, May 29, the regiment formed part of the column under your command, which advanced toward Ashland, and came into position to defend the fork of the Richmond and Ashland roads in force, while the reconnaissance was pushed forward by the cavalry. The regiment returned thence to Dr. Kinney's, and by night marched to Old Church, marching in all about 18 miles.

Saturday, May 30, the regiment marched from Old Church to Cold Harbor, and on Sunday, June 1, joined the headquarters of the division.

Although not actually under fire during this period the regiment has many times taken those preparatory steps for action which are more trying to new troops than actual conflict, and they have shown a spirit and steadiness which convinced me that they may be depended on upon occasion. My field, staff, and line officers have shown themselves capable and efficient.

I need not call to your attention the valuable character of the services of Major Doull, Second New York Artillery, as they must have come constantly under you notice.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. O. TYLER,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

Colonel WARREN,

Fifth New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

No. 34. Report of Colonel Elisha G. Marshall,

Thirteenth New York Infantry, of operations May 27-28.

HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Camp at Old Church, Va., May 30, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to state that on the 27th instant, after a tedious march of 15 miles to Hanover Court-House, being in advance of this brigade with my regiment, and meeting General Fitz John Porter, commanding, I asked him for orders, and was directed to take position on the left of Griffin's battery. I immediately did so, bringing up my regiment in line of battle, and found the enemy, in front, which I afterward

