
learned from prisoners taken to have consisted of two North Carolina regiments.

As soon as I was certain of the position of the enemy I commenced firing, and with Captain Griffin's battery we alone followed the enemy from half to three-quarters of a mile, receiving a handsome volley from him. We succeeded in drawing their fire when we opened upon them, which, with the murderous fire from Griffin's battery, caused them to retire completely routed. I should say that during the latter part of the engagement the left went of Colonel Cass' Ninth Massachusetts Volunteers came up on the right of Griffin's battery and did good execution and behaved gallantly. It is unnecessary for me to add that Griffin's battery behaved with its well-known bravery.

The remainder of your brigade could not get into action, and therefore I was acting under my own orders before the engagement, only receiving instructions from General Porter, and finally from General Morell, who came up and made disposition of the troops that night. I remained that night in advance of our army at the rebels hospital about 1 1/2 miles from General Porter's headquarters.

I turned in 84 stand of arms and 55 sets of accouterments to the Eighteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, who relieved me on the morning of the 28th, and to Dr. Lyman three chests medical stores. The enemy threw away everything, even their arms, and many officers their swords.

The ground over which I fought I caused to be examined, and there were found to be 127 dead and wounded, one of which I judged to be a colonel, from the fact that he was partly covered by his dead horse. His coat way gray, with black velvet trimmings upon the ends of his sleeves, running to a point, and on either side of his collar were three velvet stars.

Allow me to say that the Thirteenth New York Volunteers behaved as soldiers. I do not mention any in particular, as all did well.

I account for my small loss from the fact that twice I received a well-directed fire from the enemy with my men lying down by my orders, we afterward opening upon them.

During the morning of the 28th, while at the hospital referred to, my men buried a considerable number of the enemy's dead found in the woods and fields to our front and right.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. G. MARSHALL,

Colonel Thirteenth New York Volunteers.

Colonel GOUVERNEUR K. VARREN,

Fifth New York Volunteers, Commanding Detached Regiments.

No. 35. Report of Brigadier General L. O'B. Branch,

C. S. Army, of engagement May 27, with congratulations from General R. E. Lee.

HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, May 29, 1862.

I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding the division, that, in order to cover the railroad against small parties of the enemy, and at the same time to carry out other views and

