
we found ourselves in the presence of a whole brigade, commanded by General Martindale, about 400 yards distant from our extreme right- left as faced. The enemy opened a heavy fire on us from two batteries planted upon an eminence between the balance of your brigade and ourselves, but fortunately fired too high, and gave us time to reform in an open field on the opposite side of Dr. Kinney's dwelling and in a direction perpendicular to our previous position. Our flag-bearer was shot down we were reforming, but one of his comrades seized the flag and bore it onward. It was here that I sent to you for re-enforcements, stating that we had been cut off by an overwhelming force. I also sent a courier to Hanover

Court-House for assistance, with instructions to proceed to Hanover Junction, if none could be had there.

After we had reformed, the men, heated and excited, threw off their knapsacks, made heavier than usual by the drenching rain of the previous night, were advanced a short distance and made to lie down, while the section of artillery, previously planted in the road, was ordered to take a more commanding position in rear of the dwelling, between 600 and 700 yards from the enemy's guns; after which we opened a brisk and well-directed fire, forcing the enemy to withdraw one of his pieces, which was thrown forward a little on the same side of the road with ourselves. Lieutenant Potts and the men under him behaved with great gallantry and must have done considerable execution. This unequal contest was maintained for three long hours, in expectation of assistance either from you or Hanover Junction. During the artillery firing Captain W. J. Montgomery, with his company, was ordered to the right to observe the enemy and check his advance up a hollow not far from the artillery, while Captain Johnston, with a part of his company, was sent to the left to reconnoiter. Company B, under Captain S. N. Stowe, and the remainder of Company G, under Lieutenant Morrow, was held as a support to our two pieces. Captain Montgomery soon informed me that the enemy were throwing a large force through a wooded ravine on our right to surround us. He was immediately recalled and ordered to follow the head of their line along a fence running parallel to the road, and the other companies of the regiment, except those named above, were directed to follow. After prolonging our line in this new direction, and finding the enemy still going on and throwing at the same time sharpshooters between our infantry and artillery up the follow that Captain Montgomery was first ordered to defend, while their artillery was pouring a hot fire up us (they having got our range), and was we could see a strong infantry reserve in rear of their batteries, it was deemed advisable to retire. I was not able to recall Captain Johnston from the left, and was forced to leave the dead and badly wounded on the field, together with an old ambulance, a two-horse wagon, and our knapsacks. The 12-pound brass howitzer also had to be left, as 1 of the horses was killed and 3 others badly wounded. We know the names of 7 killed and 15 wounded as we retreated across the field to the road under the enemy's fire, and a few in the woods where the engagement first commenced. Exposed all the previous night to a drenching rain, without tents, deprived of food, having marched over a horribly muddy road with heavy knapsacks, and having fought bravely and willingly for three hours in anticipation of being re-enforced, we were not in a condition to retreat. Many of my brave men fell from exhaustion on the road-side, and I am sorry to inform you that many of them are still missing, but trust that in a few days the number will be greatly reduced, as some are finding their way back to camp daily.

We were pursued by infantry, artillery, and a regiment of cavalry

