
fear for odds against me. The victory is complete, and all credit is due to the gallantry of our officers and men.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 4, 1862.

Brigadier-General SUMNER:

General McClellan directs me to say that it is difficult for him to decide what was the exact conduct of Casey's division during the fight. The report of the corps commander differs from the information that the general had before received.

The general desires that you give him as soon as possible, in a few words, the position and condition of Casey's troops when you came onto the field, mentioning any that you believe to have acted creditably and those who did not. It is the general's impression that that division should be broke up, and such portions of it as are not completely demoralized transferred to other divisions. Before doing this, however, he wishes for your statements in the case, to enable him to do justice to all concerned. Your statements will be considered purely confidential, and will only be used to assist the general in deciding what to do, so that no one shall be treated unjustly.

A. V. COLBURN,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, New Bridge, June 4, 1862-2.45 p.m.

Major General E. V. SUMNER, Commanding Second Corps:

My telegraphic dispatch to Secretary of War in regard to battle of Fair Oaks is incorrectly printed in the Herald in several particulars. I am there made to say that we succeeded by great exertions in bringing across Generals Sedgwick's and Richardson's divisions. I merely wrote that General Sumner succeeded,&amp;c. I then appreciated what you had done, and wished to have it known as soon as possible. I will send you copy of my dispatch as written and sent. By some strange chance most of my dispatches in these days are changed and mutilated before publication.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

HOSPITAL NEAR BOTTOM'S BRIDGE, June 4, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Potomac:

GENERAL: I would respectfully request that the commanding general shall appoint a proper board of officers to investigate and report upon certain charges made against Casey's division, that the truth may be known concerning their conduct and that of others engaged in the affair at the Seven Pines on May 31 and June 1 and 2.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General.

