
[First indorsement.

Approved and respectfully submitted. I feel confident that the general commanding could I not have been possessed of the whole truth with regard to the affair of the 31st ultimo, or he would not have made the remark he did about my division. I feel that injustice has been done.

SILAS CASEY, Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Division.

[Second indorsement.]

JUNE 4, 1862-9 p. m.

I approve the within application of Brigadier-General Naglee and the above indorsement of Brigadier-General Casey, and respectfully request that a board of officers be named as desired.

E. D. KEYES, Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

NEW BRIDGE, June 5, 1862-10.30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

My telegraphic dispatch of June 1 in regard to battle of Fair Oaks was incorrectly published in newspapers. I send with this a correct copy, which I request may be published at once. I am the more anxious about this since my dispatch, as published, would seem to ignore the services of General Sumner, which were too valuable and brilliant to be overlooked, both in the difficult passage of stream and the subsequent combat.

The mistake seems to have occurred in transmittal of the dispatch by the telegraph.

GEO. B. McLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

FIELD OF BATTLE, June 1-12 o'clock.

To Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary:

We have had a desperate battle, in which the corps of Sumner, Heintzelman, and Keyes have been engaged against greatly superior numbers. Yesterday, at 1, the enemy, taking advantage of a terrible storm, which had flooded the valley of the Chickahominy, attacked our troops on the right bank of that river. Casey's division, which was the first line, gave way unaccountably and discreditable. This caused a temporary confusion, during which some guns and baggage were lost, but Heintzelman and Kearny most gallantly brought up their troops, which checked the enemy. At the same time, however, General Sumner succeeded by great exertions in bringing across Sedwick's and Richardson's divisions, who drove back the enemy at the point of the bayonet, covering the ground with his dead.

This morning the enemy attempted to renew the conflict, but was everywhere repulsed. We have taken many prisoners, amongst whom are General Pettigrew and Colonel Long. Our loss is heavy, but that of the enemy must be enormous. With the exception of Casey's divis-

