
I am to assure you that it will afford the general commanding sincere pleasure should the facts prove such as to require a change of his expressed views, founded upon official statements, in regard to the conduct of Casey's division on the 31st ultimo.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S DEPT., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 5, 1862.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have made the examination directed in Casey's division and report thereof as follows:

Strength present accounted for averages in-

First Brigade, 340 per regiment, and five regiments.......1,700 Second Brigade, 348 per regiment, and four regiments......1,392

Third Brigade, 345 per regiment, and four regiments.......1,380

-----

Making a total in this division of........................4, 472

The numbers in Third Brigade I did not get, and those of Second Brigade are given, as reported, approximately correct. I expect a detailed report from Second and Third Brigades soon.

Reported loss in this division............................1,845

In First Brigade 521 and in Second Brigade 553............1,074

-----

Which leaves for the loss of Third Brigade................ 771

Several who were reported missing in first reports have since reported to their regiments.

From information gained from a variety of sources, within and without the division, it appears there was exhibited both gallant and bad conduct in this division in its recent engagement with the enemy at the battle of Fair Oak, although attacked by an overwhelming force, it poured a most destructive fire upon the enemy, as shown by the large number of his dead left on the field, and checked his advance. The first line of rifle pits were not left until flanked by the enemy's fire, but were then left in disorder. At the second line of rifle pits or trenches the men of this division rallied in part and again caused the enemy to suffer by their fire.

The actual loss of killed and wounded in this division proves conclusively that it was exposed to a heavy fire.

As reported, the men did not run when falling to the rear, but walked and were in disorder and generally had their arms, but they could not be rallied by their officers in their original organizations. Regimental line officers in some cases set their men the example of breaking to the rear.

Of the number at first reported missing several have since joined; others are said to be about in the woods. Many were supposed to have gone toward the White House.

In this division there are many worthy of praise for good conduct who suffer for the bad conduct of others.

48 R R-VOL XI

