
I may place on record in your office a statement of facts in direct refutation of the same.

HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CASEY'S DIVISION, June 17, 1862.

Respectfully referred, with a request that the documents be furnished.

SILAS CASEY,Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Division.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS, June 17, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded.

If the documents are sent I think they should be sent through me, as I am as much interested as any one.

E. D. KEYES,Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Camp Lincoln, June 20, 1862.

Brigadier General H. M. NAGLEE,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 17th instant, applying to be furnished with a copy of the dispatches sent by General Heintzelman and others to General McLellan upon which he based his dispatch to the Secretary of War of the 1st of June respecting the battle of Fair Oaks, has been received.

In advance of the rendition of the official reports to the War Department the general commanding does not deem it proper to furnish copies of papers on file pertaining to the operations of the campaign.

His dispatch of the 1st of June was, however, published by the War department, and its contest are known to you. It is not thought that General Heintzelman dispatches will be of any material value to you in preparing a statement of facts in refutation of matter in the general's telegram objectionable to yourself.

You are aware that a subsequent dispatch to the War Department from the general commanding suspended the judgment of the behavior of Casey's division, on the 31st of May, conveyed in his dispatch of June 1, until further investigation shall enable him to do justice to the good conduct which was displayed by portions of the division on that day.

The general commanding would be glad to receive any statement throwing light upon the occurrences of the 31st ultimo as far as Casey's division is concerned. His only desire in the premises can be to do full justice to any portion of the troops engaged.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

