
Lieutenant L. Kip, Lieutenant A. H. Cushing, Lieutenant S. S. Sumner, aides and Major A. M. Clarke, volunteers aide, for valuable services. They were at all times ready, willing and able.

General McLellan came upon the field on Sunday before the battle closed, and after looking about expressed himself satisfied with my arrangements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 4. Report of Brigadier General Israel B. Richardson,

U. S. Army, commanding First Division.
HDQRS. RICHARDSON'S DIVISION, SUMNER'S CORPS,At Fair Oaks, Va., June 6, 1862.

DEAR SIR: According to orders received I have the honor to forward to you a statement of the services of the division under my command on the 31st of May and 1st of June, 1862.

About 3 o'clock p. m. on the 31st of May, while at General Sumner's headquarters, a message was received by the general from General McLellan that the camp of General Casey across the Chickahominy had been attacked; that the division of Casey had run, and at the same time ordering the corps of General Sumner to his assistance. General Sumner immediately informed me of this, at the same time directing me to get arms as soon as possible, and to follow (after crossing the bridge opposite my camp) the road to this point, which road had been reconnoitered by General Sumner and myself some days before. The crossing of the river was made particularly difficult by the large quantity of rain which had fallen some hours before. Our men were obliged to wade (part of the bridge having been swept away) nearly up to their middles in water, and of course could follow but slowly. Finding that we could expedite the march much by crossing at the upper bridge (opposite the camp of General Sedgwick), I turned off in that direction the brigades of Generals Howard and Meagher and all my batteries, and crossed General French's brigade at the lower bridge. The three reunited after crossing, and finding I could not get my artillery through the deep mud, was forced to leave it, and followed General Sedgwick by another road. Getting on as fast as possible, we came up just after the firing of Generals Couch and Sedgwick had ceased, it being then dark. On reporting to General Sumner, he ordered me to take position on the line of railroad and on the left of General Sedgwick, and to communicate with pickets of General Birney's brigade on my left. I placed the brigade of General French on the railroad, three regiments of General Howard in second line, three regiments of General Meagher in third line, and one of General Howard's (the Fifth New Hampshire) as the advance guard to the brigade of General French. Our men thus arranged bivouacked for the night on their arms, and obtaining permission from General Sumner, I sent off one of General

