
As soon as these arrangements had been made the enemy, having apparently been re-enforced, now returned to the attack. The whole of my division on the field was very warmly engaged. The action lasted about one hour longer. Our line toward the last poured in its fire and repulsed the enemy with a general charge, assisted and followed up promptly by a bayonet charge on the left and rear of the enemy's line of two regiments of General French's brigade, the Fifty-seventh and Sixty-sixth New York, led by that general in person. At the same time their retreat was precipitated by the fire of our pieces of Pettit's battery, directed by Captain Hazzard, which, at the suggestion of Captain Norvell, I had moved up against the enemy's left.

During the whole of this severe and hotly-contested battle I was ably assisted by all three of my brigadiers, with their staffs, and among those staff I would particularly mention as worthy of distinction Captain, Fisk, adjutant-general of General French, wounded; Lieutenant Plume, aide to General French, who led in some of the regiments for me in person; Lieutenant French, aide to the same general, and Dr. Grant, brigade surgeon. On the staff of General Howard, Captain Sewall, adjutant-general; Lieutenants Howard and Miles (wounded), and Lieutenant Scott, aides-de-camp. My own personal staff conveyed my orders with promptitude and delivered them with conciseness, and under my direction led in several of the regiments under the heavy fire of the enemy to be put in position by the different brigadier-generals. Captain Norvell, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Hurlbut and Draper, aides-de-camp; Lieutenant Miller, volunteer aide; Captain Fuller, assistant commissary of subsistence and volunteer aide, Captain McMahon, of General Meagher's brigade, and staff volunteer aide upon this occasion, all did their duty nobly, and it is my duty and desire to state that the general conduct of the troops, both officers and men, was all that could be asked. I would also recommend particularly the cool and deliberate manner in which the artillery was served, and the skill and efficiency exhibited by Captains Hazzard and Pettit in directing its fire, and as a reward to faith-full merit and unflinching bravery I would most solicit that the colors of the infantry and artillery of the division have the words:Fair Oaks" inscribed upon them.

In killed, wounded, and missing my division lost about 900 men and officers.* The loss of the enemy must have been at least two to one of ours. Many of their wounded were brought in by us, but we suppose the greater number were carried off by them. The number of my division engaged was about 7,000. A correct list of the killed and wounded in my division will be handed in as soon as it can be obtained. My division has buried 383 of the enemy left dead on the field. Many more were buried of which we have no account.

Your obedient servant,

I. B. RICHARDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 757.

---------------

