
informed that there was an interval between the left oh this and the right of General Kearny's division, and was directed to detach the Eighty-first Pennsylvania, Colonel Miller, to prolong the line of General French to the left, then formed on the railroad. On the execution of that order word was brought to me that the left of Colonel Miller extended in front and beyond the right of General Birney's brigade. Very soon after I was advised that the enemy was moving to the left, evidently intending to turn that flank. Almost immediately a sharp musketry fire was opened upon the left of the line. A staff officer of General French's brigade then brought word to me that the Fifty-second New York was falling back. I was directed to send the Sixty-first New York and Sixty-fourth New York to the support of General French. I took these regiments up the railroad, forming them in deployed line on this road in rear of General French's left. Here I learned that Colonel Miller, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, was killed at the first fire of the enemy, and that the right and left wings of that regiment had become separated, and that one wing was without a field officer. I directed Lieutenant Miles, my aide-de-camp, to collect the companies of that wing and to make the best disposition of it he could. He continued with it during the day in the open field on the right of the railroad, and checked the advance of the enemy in that direction.

I immediately moved forward into the wood with the Sixty-first and Sixty-fourth New York. The fire of the enemy was rapid, well directed, and fatal. As I advanced the regiment to the front line I met General French. He desired me to move forward rapidly with my re-enforcements. I found his line in good order, but that its fire was not effective, the men not being able to see the enemy, as he had concealed himself in the thick underbrush and small pines which cover the ground. I directed one of his regiments to case firing and passed with my command to its front. I led the regiments forward, pressing back the enemy to and across the old road into the camp which General Casey's division had occupied on the Saturday previous. He was in force here, and I advanced to within 30 yards of his line. At this time my horse's leg was broken, and on dismounting I received a second wound in my right arm, which shattered the bone, disabling me. I then directed Colonel Barlow, of the Sixty-first New York, who was immediately in the front, to assume command of the portion of my brigade which was engaged there, to hold the position at all events, sending for re-enforcements if necessary.

As I was compelled to retire, I ordered the command of the brigade to be turned over to Colonel Cross, Fifth New Hampshire; but on learning that he was severely wounded I put in charge of Colonel Parker, Sixty-fourth New York. The Fifth Hampshire, after having been drawn in from the position of the advance guard, was placed on the left of General Richardson, and soon after (as I learn) I was disabled joined the brigade, being engaged nearly all time of the engagement, behaving like good soldiers.

I commend Colonel Cross for the excellent disposition of his command, which I particularly noticed in the morning. I desire especially to notice the coolness and good conduct of Colonel Barlow, Sixty-first New York. I cannot too highly compliment all the officers in the brigade. I might do some injustice should I attempt to particularize. Colonel Miller, Eighty-first Pennsylvania, and Lieutenant-Colonel Masset, Sixty-first New York, were killed, Colonel Cross and Major Cook, Fifth New Hampshire, and Lieutenant-Colonel Bingham, Sixty-fourth

49 R R-VOL XI

