
New York, were wounded. I have not been able to obtain a correct list of the company officers who were killed and wounded. For that the casualties among the non-commissioned officers and men, the number of prisoners taken, and the ammunition expended, I respectfully refer you to the reports of commanding officers of regiments, which have not come to my hands (being obliged to ask a leave of absence), but which will accompany this. All the men behaved most gallantly. I cannot speak too highly in praise of such troops.

I am much indebted to the members of my staff for the assistance which they rendered me during the day. They were all brave in the face of the enemy, and each one of them cheerfully and faithfully performed his duties. Captain Sewall, assistant adjutant-general, rendered me prompt and valuable aid in the disposition of the troops, and was active and efficient in the various duties of the day. Lieutenant Miles, aide-de-camp, as before remarked, commanded the left wing of the Eighty-first Pennsylvania in a manner to my entire satisfaction and approval. He was wounded in the foot. Lieutenant Howard, aide-de-camp, did much in front of the line to stimulate the energy of the men by his actions and example. His horse was killed under him, and he received a serious wound in his thigh, which disabled him nearly at the same moment that I was injured. Lieutenant Scott, acting aide-de-camp, was always vigilant and brave in the performance of his duties. His horse was also killed under him during the action. Dr. Palmer, brigade surgeon, was in the discharge of his proper duties as medical director of the division. Lest I should not have another opportunity, I desire here to state that the efficient manner in which Lieutenant Balloch, who has been acting as commissary of subsistence from the organization of the brigade, has discharged those duties is remarkable. Captain Barker has always rendered me all the assistance in his power.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain J. M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Richardson's Division.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Parker,

Sixty-fourth New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, RICHARDSON'S DIVISION,Camp Victory, at Fair Oaks Stantion, Va., June 2, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade on the battle-field in the engagement of June 1 after the command of the brigade was turned over to me, which was about 10 a.m., previous to that time having the command of the Sixty-fourth New York Regiment, which was in the hottest part of the battle two hours or more, when I received an order to reform in the rear of General Meagher's line of battle. Soon after executing this order I was directed by General Richardson to take command of the brigade. The forces were then disposed of as follows: The Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Langley (their colonel being severely wounded), held the railroad on the left of the Sixty-ninth New York Regiment; the Eighty-first Pennsylvania, under command of Captain

