
Nelson A. Miles, aide-de-camp to General Howard, held a position on the south side of the railroad in the open field opposite the head of the enemy's column and on the extreme left of the line; the Sixty-first Regiment New York Volunteers, under command of Colonel Barlow, on the line of woods in rear of the railroad, and the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, under the command of Captain R. Washburn, were ordered to support Captain Pettit's battery, and took position accordingly.

The brigade fought with the greatest courage and bravery during the entire engagement, making two successful bayonet charges, driving the enemy from the field in perfect disorder, leaving their dead and wounded behind them.

Very respectfully, yours,

THOS. J. PARKER.

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel Edward E. Cross,

Fifth New Hampshire Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT NEW HAMPSHIRE VALS.,Camp near Fair Oaks Station, June 2, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the battle of June near this place:

On the evening of May 31 the Fifth Regiment was posted as advance guard in front of the brigade of General French. Being very near the enemy we took several prisoners, and soon after daybreak an orderly, bearing a dispatch from General Pryor, of the Confederate Army, to General Anderson, was taken and sent to Headquarters. Soon after this my regiment moved across the railroad and took post in the edge of the wood. Here, being fired upon by the enemy's pickets, we had several men wounded. The fire was promptly returned and the pickets retreated. We were then ordered back to a position in the first line of battle, but soon after advanced into the woods again, where we took quite a number of prisoners.

The battle had now gone on nearly an hour, when I received orders from General Richardson to move to the support of General French. While marching along the railroad I received notice that Brigadier-General Howard was severely wounded, and the command of the First Brigade devolved upon me. Finding that the three other regiments of the brigade had been some time in action and severely handled, I directed that they should move out of the woods and reform in the rear of Meagher's brigade while I advanced my regiment to occupy the ground. We moved forward in line of battle through a thick woods, and about 300 yards from the railroad track encountered the rebel line of battle, and a fierce fire commenced on both sides. Twice my line advanced in the most gallant style, and each time the enemy fell back.

The fire was now very close and deadly, the opposing lines being several times not over 30 yards apart. When about ordering another charge I was struck by a rifle-ball in the thigh and disabled. Lieutenant-Colonel Langley then took command of the regiment, and the rebels endeavoring to flanks us, he brought off the regiment in excellent order, carrying most our wounded.

I cannot speak too highly of the coolness, bravery, and good con-

