
duct of the officers and men of my regiment in the face of a largely-superior force and under a fire seldom experienced by troops in battle.

The loss of the regiment in killed, wounded, and missing is about 185 men and 5 officers wounded.*

Yours, very respectfully,

EDWARD E. CROSS,

Colonel Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Howard's Brigade.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel Francis C. Barlow,

Sixty-first New York Infantry.

CAMP AT FAIR OAKS STATION, VA., June 2, 1862.

SIR: At 4 a.m. of June 1, 1862, in obedience to orders from general commanding brigade, this regiment was formed in close column of division in the field to the north of the railroad at Fair Oaks Stantion, Va. The regiment numbered 375 men in the ranks, 42 sergeants, fileclosers, colonel, lieutenant-colonel, adjutant, and 15 company officers. At about 7 a.m. we were moved to the railroad and formed in line of battle thereon, facing the south, with our right resting about one-quarter of a mile east of the station. Immediately on our left was the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers. The two other regiments of this brigade were not in sight. The firing in the woods in our front was very brisk, and we were immediately ordered by the general commanding the brigade to advance. We advanced in a woods of tall trees, thickly interspersed with an undergrowth of young oaks, which rendered it impossible for us to see to any great distance before us. The ground in some places was muddy and marshy.

After advancing some 150 yards we came upon the Fifty- third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Brooke, formed in line and briskly engaging the enemy. I requested Colonel Brooke to cease firing that we might pass in front of and relieve him. This was done, and we at once advanced upon the enemy, who were drawn up in line before us and who kept up a heavy firing. After advancing some 25 yards beyond Colonel Brooke's regiment I halted the regiment and fired one of two rounds. The enemy fell back, firing, out of sight among the thick undergrowth. Not willing to deliver our fire until we could see those opposed to us I ordered the regiment to case firing, which command was promptly obeyed. We then moved forward in excellent the enemy with sufficient distinctness to warrant, in my opinion, our halting and renewing the fire.

On arriving upon the crest of a hill within some 20 yards of the road running parallel to the railroad and directly opposite the camp of Casey's division, which the enemy had occupied, the battalion was halted, the enemy being plainly in sight by the road-side, and at once opened fire, receiving a very heavy one in return. This continued for a considerable time, and it was there that our principal loss occurred. We drove the enemy back, and he ceased firing. When we could no

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 757.

---------------

