
This regiment took some 10 prisoners, one of whom was an officer, supposed to be a brigadier-general. From these prisoners and from some of our wounded I learned that the force opposed to us was the Third Alabama, about 1,000 strong, supported by the Twelfth and Forty-first Virginia. At present we have for duty 1 colonel, 9 company officers, and 338 enlisted men, of whom 17 are drummers. My command thus reduced I have organized into eight companies, each of which has but one commissioned officer, the senior captain of the regiment being detached to act as a field officer. At an early hour of the day a greater part of two companies of the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers were collected, and joined our left and remained with us till the action was over.

I have the honor to inclose a list of those killed, wounded, and missing, with the nature of the wounds received. The regiment was engaged four hours, having come out of the woods at 11 a.m.

Very respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Colonel Commanding Sixty-first Regiment New York Vols.

First Lieutenant GEORGE W. SCOTT,

Sixty-first N. Y. Vols., A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, Richardson's Div.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Parker,

Sixty-fourth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FOURTH REGIMENT N. Y. S. VOLS.,Camp Victory, at Fair Oaks Station, Va., June 2, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the position and part taken by my regiment on the battle-field in the engagement yesterday, June 1, 1862, near this place. About 7 o'clock a.m. we were ordered to the front. On advancing through a thick woods on the south side of the railroad under a shower of balls from the enemy General O. O. Howard and his aide, C. H. Howard, were both severely wounded near our line. On arriving about 50 yards of the enemy's line we opened fire on them. They fought desperately, being soon re-enforced, and the battle raged about two hours, both lines holding their position. We then charged bayonet on them, they falling back in disorder, leaving their dead and wounded on the field. I then received orders to reform the line in rear of General Meagher's brigade, and took that position.

About this time I was directed by General Richardson to take the command of the brigade. After this I ordered the Sixty-fourth to support Captain Pettit's battery, under the command of Captain R. Washburn, Lieutenant-Colonel Bingham being severely wounded and Captain Washburn being the senior officer. The regiment took position according to the aforesaid order in rear of Captain Pettit's battery, supporting the same.

During the entire engagement the officers and men displayed the most determined courage and bravery, being in the hottest part of the contest, opposed to vastly superior numbers, observing good order, and obeying every command. Numerous instances of distinguished bravery in officers could be mentioned, but where all did so nobly it is difficult to determine who did best. All acted bravely, nobly, and honorably.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS J. PARKER,

Colonel Sixty-fourth Regiment N. Y. S. Volunteers.

