
Numbers 11. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles F. Johnson,

Eighty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

FAIR OAKS, VA., June 2, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that yesterday, in accordance with orders, the regiment took up its position early in the morning on the left of French's brigade on the south side of the railroad. Almost immediately after getting in position the regiment was attacked on the right flank. On the first fire Colonel Miller fell, being killed instantly. The attack on our right was made by a superior force, representing that they were our friends. One regiment claimed to be Owens' regiment. Colonel Miller commanded the men to recover arms. In an instant a murderous fire was poured into the regiment at a distance of about 100 feet. The right wing fell back, returning the fire. Almost simultaneously the left was attacked by a large force, led by a man bearing a white flag. They fell back, disputing the way, firing as they retired. The right wing fell back, and was formed by their officers in an open field on the north of the railroad. A portion of the left wing, being separated from the regiment, took up a position on the railroad, and continued firing until all their ammunition was expended.

The regiment being formed, I took up a position on the edge of the woods, supporting the party on the railroad. I reported to headquarters for orders, and was ordered by General Sumner to remain in the position I then held until further orders, which I did until I received orders from General Richardson to move to our present position on the north side of the railroad, supporting the line which is on the railroad.

I have the honor to report that the officers of the regiment did their duty and behaved well. Our list of killed, wounded, and missing is as follows: Killed, 8, including Colonel Miller; wounded, 32, including Captain Lee and Lieutenants Lee and Beiber; missing, 51, including Lieutenant Belford.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. F. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eighty-first Regiment Pa. Vols.

F. D. SEWALL,

Asst. Adjt. General [First Brigadier, First Div., Second Corps].

Numbers 12. Report of Brigadier General Thomas F. Meagher,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MEAGHER'S BRIGADE,RICHARDSON'S DIVISION, SUMNER'S CORPS, A. P.,

Camp Victory, June 4, 1862.

On Saturday, May 31, early in the forenoon, we of the Second Brigade, Richardson's division, Sumner's corps d'armee, being encamped at Tyler's farm, heard considerable firing in front. This firing continuing to increase in rapidity and loudness during the day, about 1 o'clock p.m. I took the liberty of ordering the several regiments of my command to place themselves under arms immediately, anticipating that

