
to the front without assistance. These orders were executed by the Sixty-third New York Volunteers with promptness and full efficiency, and I but imperfectly convey the conviction of its comrade regiments of the brigade in saying that the participation of the Sixty-third New York Volunteers in the dangers of the day would have added to what-ever credit the rest of the brigade has had the fortune to acquire.

I am happy to inform you that in killed and wounded the brigade has only lost 2 officers (Lieutenants King and O'Connor, Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, of whom the former died yesterday morning and the latter lies severely though not mortally wounded) and something less than 50 men.*

The list of casualties, however, is at present necessarily imperfect Every step will be taken to render a correct one as speedily as possible.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS FRANCIS MEAGHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel John Burke,

Sixty-third New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-THIRD Regiment NEW YORK STATE VOLS.,Battle-field Fair Oaks Station, Va., June 2, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with orders received from the commanding general of this brigade, my regiment took up the line of march at 3.30 o'clock p.m. of the 31st ultimo. My command continued to march with the brigade until about 11.30 0' o'clock p.m. of the same date, when Captain J. M. Norvell, the assistant adjutant-general of Richardson's division, informed me that General Richardson, commanding division, directed that I return with my regiment to the bridge this side of the Chickahominy, and endeavor to have the batteries of the division sent to the front without delay.

In accordance with these orders I returned with my command by the same road by which the brigade came, arriving at Dr. Trent's house about 2 o'clock a.m. of the 1st instant, where I halted my regiment for the purpose of resting. The regiment remained resting in this place about thirty minutes, when I was ordered by General Sumner, through General Burns, to proceed with my regiment to the brow of the hill opposite the main bridge crossing the Chickahominy, and there to remain and protect the ammunition trains and batteries until further orders, it being anticipated by General Sumner that the enemy would attack this position.

About 9 o'clock a.m. of this date an order came from General Sumner, through General Burns, for us to proceed with every available man to the front and re-enforce his command. Upon our arrival at the place of engagement I was informed by General Sumner that the rebels had been repulsed, and I was ordered by him to return with my regiment to its former position, where I remained until 6 o'clock p.m. of yesterday (the 1st), when General Burns ordered me to report my command to General Richardson for duty. In accordance with this order I reported my regiment to General Richardson for duty about 7 o'clock

---------------

* See relived statement, p. 757.

---------------

