
hospital. I have to report 83 wounded, who are to be carried off to-day. The surgeon of this regiment is ordered to hand in a correct report of the wounded, which will immediately be forwarded to headquarters. The present strength of the regiment is 247 muskets and rifles on the ground. It being the first time the regiment was face to face with the enemy, and this under terribly adverse circumstances, the whole time exposed to a galling fire, repulsing five attacks, each made by fresh troops, affords me great pleasure to report to you that the regiment behaved gallantly and stood firm. The attacks of the enemy were made in line of battle, mostly in four ranks.

Private E. Oberer, Company A, being wounded in the face during the second attack, fell senseless, and according to his own statement lay about two hours, when he was taken prisoner by a sergeant and a private of the Third Georgia, and brought in camp about 2 1/2 miles on the road toward Richmond, on the south side of the railroad. He passed on his march the rebel General Johnston and staff, who, according to a statement of the rebel sergeant, commanded the rebel forces. About 3 o'clock the same night the enemy evacuated their camps and marched toward Richmond. Private Oberer hid himself in the woods and arrived about 6 o'clock the next morning (June 2) in hospital, giving the above statement, and reporting that during his confinement he heard that of the Third Georgia the colonel, lieutenant-colonel, major, and adjutant; of the Third Alabama the colonel and several line officers, and of the Eleventh Mississippi most officers were killed.

A list containing the names and rank of those who distinguished themselves will be forwarded as soon as possible. In this report I take great pleasure in mentioning Assistant Surgeon Rappold, the only regimental surgeon present, who distinguished himself highly, attending to his duties under the heaviest fire and caring for the great number of wounded transferred to the hospital.

I remain, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

PAUL FRANK,

Colonel Fifty-second New York Volunteers.

Brigadier-General FRENCH,

Commanding Third Brigade.

NOTE.- I had two horses shot under me; Lieutenant Colonel P. Lichtenstein had one horse shot under him, and Major C. G. Freundenberg had one horse shot under him

Numbers 18. Report of Colonel Samuel K. Zook,

Fifty-seventh New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 57TH Regiment, FRENCH'S Brigadier, RICHARDSON'S DIV.,Fair Oaks, June 3, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with orders received from Brigadier-General French the regiment marched at 2.30 p. m. with the other regiments of the brigade to support General Casey's division, then engaged with the enemy. The Chickahominy being much swollen, and intersected by ditches 5 to 6 feet deep, rendered it very difficult and dan-

