
Both officers and men behaved in the most admirable manner, and I am gratified to express my entire satisfaction with the behavior of all.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. K. ZOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Fifty-seventh Regiment N. Y. Vols.

Lieutenant J. W. PLUME,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 19. Report of Colonel Joseph C. Pinckney,

Sixty-sixth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH REGIMENT N. Y. VOLS.,Near Fair Oaks Station, June 2, 1862.

SIR: On the 31st ultimo, at about 2 o'clock p.m. I received an order from you to put my regiment under arms forthwith and be ready to march immediately. At about 2.30 o'clock p.m. being all ready, by order of Brigadier-General French I put the column in motion, following immediately the lead of the general, and being the advance of this brigade as well as the division. Arrived at the Chickahominy, it was found that the river had swollen to such a degree as to render necessary some repairs to the temporary bridge which had been built there some days previously, and a halt was ordered for that purpose.

After some progress had been made to that end, and it being apparent that the river was still rising, I was directed by you to resume my march and to follow the Fifty-third Pennsylvania Regiment, to which was assigned the advance. The crossing of the Chickahominy, rendered almost impracticable by the recent rain-storm, was attended with great difficulty; for at least a half mile the men waded in the water and marsh up to their waists, and three or our intervening creeks, which were encountered in the passage, rendered it one of great difficulty and consumed a period of nearly two hours.

The crossing being successfully accomplished, the column was again put in motion. During almost the whole of the march heavy and continuous firing was heard in our front, which made it apparent that our forces were heavily engaged with the enemy. We arrived near the scene of the contest shortly after night-fall. I was soon after directed by General Richardson, commanding the division, to debouch on the field of battle and take a position immediately in line with and on the left of General Dana's brigade. Arms were stacked, and the men laid down to take a few hours' rest.

At 3.30 a.m. Brigadier-General French sent for me, and informed me that a brigade of rebels were in the woods, directly in front and within a hundred yards of us. By his direction I proceeded quiently to arouse my men, get them into line of battle, and take arms. In this position the regiment remained until the break of day.

At about 5 o'clock a.m. I was ordered by Brigadier-General French to take a position a little in advance, with my right resting on the edge of a wood. At 6.30 o'clock a.m. I was further ordered to make a flank movement to the left and my left resting on the York and Pamunkey Railroad, on the west side, to which my line preserved an acute angle. Soon after we had taken this position the enemy opened fire on our left and in front of the rail track. A heavy and continuous fire of musketry was kept up for the space of about one hour.

