
Brigadier-General French then ordered me to cross railroad and advance in the woods (which were swampy and covered with under-brush) about three-fourths of a mile, so as to deliver a cross-fire on the enemy's flank. We here encountered the Forty-first Virginia Regiment and delivered our line. General French, who accompanied us on this advance, then directed me to throw a company forward to the right to feel the enemy and one company to protect our right flank. I there-upon detailed Company A to execute a flank movement and occupy the road on our right, and Company K to feel the enemy in front and attack his flank, which was successfully accomplished. The attack was then continued by the regiment, and had the effect of discomfiting the enemy and compelling him to retreat.

In this movement a number of the enemy were killed and wounded and 9 taken prisoners. Among the killed was Captain Camp, Company C, Forty-first Virginia Regiment. I caused his body to be buried at night-fall on the left side of the road entering the woods.

I lost 7 enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing.

I was ably assisted during these movements by my field officers, Lieutenant Colonel James H. Bull and Major Orlando H. Morris, as well as by my adjutant, Burton H. Davis, all of whom behaved with great coolness and judgment. The officers of the line discharged their duties with credit, and the fortitude of the men, when under fire for an hour or more with no opportunity of returning it, is deserving of all praise. The order to move forward into the woods and deliver their fire was obeyed with great alacrity. The cheerfulness with which Company K advanced into the very flank of the enemy, delivered their fire, and received his in return deserves honorable mention.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

JOS. C. PINCKNEY,

Colonel, Commanding Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. W. PLUME,

A. D. C. and A. A. A. G., Third Brigadier, Richardson's Div.

Number 20. Report of Colonel John R. Brooke,

Fifth-third Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTY-THIRD REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., June 2, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of my regiment for the 31st of May and 1st of June, 1862:

My regiment being in front, by order of General French left camp near Cold Harbor at 2.30 p.m. Found great difficulty in crossing the Chickahominy, owing to the sudden rise in the stream. Arrived on the other side at 5.15 p.m. when I was halted by General French until the other regiments had crossed, then was marched forward with the general in front. Marched about 3 miles, when General French halted me in the road, and shortly afterward directed me to form line of battle in an open field on my right, which was but finished when he again ordered me forward on the road. After moving a short distance heavy firing was heard to the right of us. We now moved out of the road into an open field, which we crossed in the direction of the firing, passing on our way through a stream. Led by General French we came upon the field of battle.

