
Mintzer, which embrace all the casualties among my commissioned officers.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of both officers and men of my regiment. All did well. The presence of General French during the thickest of the fight had a most inspiriting effect on all, and caused them to act with greater steadiness and bravery, if possible, than before. I have to mention that I was ably assisted by Lieutenant-Colonel McMichael, whose coolness and steadiness are deserving great praise, as also Adjt. Charles P. Hatch (who was taken prisoner, but subsequently succeeded in making his escape), whose coolness and steadiness during the fight rendered his assistance invaluable. My horse was shot under me.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. BROOKE,

Colonel Fifty-third Pennsylvania.

Lieutenant PLUME,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General and Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 21. Report of Brigadier General John Sedgwick,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SEDGWICK'S DIVISION, SUMNER'S ARMY CORPS,Bivouac near Fair Oaks Station, Va., June 4, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division during the engagement of May 31 and June 1, near Fair Oaks Station, on the Richmond and York River Railroad:

Under the orders of the general commanding the corps we left our camp near Tyler's house about 2 o'clock p.m. on Saturday, the 31 st, in the following order: First, Gorman's brigade, followed by Kirby's battery; Burns' and Dana's brigades, followed by Tompkins', Bartlett's, and Owen's batteries. The crossing of the stream of the Chickahominy and the contiguous swamp was exceedingly difficult and occasioned much delay, but we pushed forward in the direction of Fair Oaks Station, the point near which it was understood that Heintzelman's and Keyes' corps were then engaged. Upon debouching into the open field near Adams' house we found Abercrombie's brigade, of Couch's division, sustaining a severe attack and hard pushed by the enemy.

The First Minnesota, Colonel Sully, the leading regiment, was, by request of General Couch, approved by General Sumner, promptly formed into line of battle under a very sharp fire, and posted on the right of Abercrombie's brigade. Colonel Sully's disposition of his regiment, which covered two sides of Courtney's house, a point at which there was much danger that the enemy would outflank us before the supports ordered to his assistance could be brought up, was marked by admirable coolness and judgment. The remainder of Gorman's brigade, led by him in person, and composed of the Thirty-fourth and Eighty-second New York, supported by the Fifteenth Massachusetts, formed on the left of Abercrombie's brigade, where they became almost instantly and hotly engaged, and after sustaining, without wavering, repeated and furious charges of the enemy, finally charged him in turn with the bayonet with such impetuosity as to rout and drive him from his position.

