
in hastening forward the various batteries of my division as well as of Richardson's. Captains Tompkins and Bartlett after great exertions arrived upon the field with guns between 7 and 8 p.m. Captain Owen (to whom as well as to the artillery of Richardson's division, Major Bowe, Forty-second New York, with a portion of that regiment rendered most valuable assistance) arrived at daybreak on Sunday. The zeal and energy of these officers are worthy of the highest praise, it being a matter of such exceeding difficulty to bring artillery across the Chickahominy, which greatly swollen by recent heavy rains, to such an extent, indeed, that the bridges previously built by us had been in great part carried away, that, as I have learned from prisoners taken during the fight, the enemy had declared it to be impossible for us to bring over a single gun.

I commenced to the general commanding the corps the gallantry with which the brigadiers led their troops into action, and refer him to their reports regarding the handsome conduct of their staff and troops, which I fully indorse.

Captain Johnson, commanding a detached company of the Sixth New York Cavalry, though not immediately engaged, rendered valuable services in various ways.

The medical officers of the division, brigade surgeons, surgeons, and assistant surgeons performed their duties with skill and untiring devotion, disregarding the great personal danger to which they were frequently exposed.

My personal staff, Captain Wiliam D. Sedgwick, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Joseph S. Smith, commissary of subsistence, and Lieutenant Church Howe, Fifteenth Massachusetts, aide-de-camp, carried my orders from time to time to various portions of the field under the hottest fire with an alacrity and coolness highly commendable.

Captain R. N. Batchelder, division quartermaster, was, much to his own regret, ordered to remain with the train, but his services were invaluable in pushing forward the ammunition and supplies under great difficulties so rapidly that they arrived before the least want of them had been experienced.

I have the honor to be, captain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Captain J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Acting Asst. Adjt. General, Sumner's Corps.

Numbers 22. Report of Colonel Charles H. Tompkins,

Chief of Artillery.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, 2nd DIV., 2nd CORPS D'ARMEE,Fair Oaks, Va., June 4, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report:

In obedience to the orders of General Sedgwick the artillery of this division left camp at Tyler's house at 2 o'clock p.m. on the

31st ultimo in the following order: Kirby's battery in the rear of the First Brigade (Gorman's); Tompkins', Barlett's, and Owen's batteries in the rear of the Third Brigade (Dana's). Great difficulty was experienced in cross-

