
ing the open field contiguous to the Chickahominy swamp, the nature of the ground being such that the horses in many instances would sink to their girths in mud, rendering it necessary to unharness them and draw the carriages though by hand. After Kirby's and Tompkins' batteries had crossed this field the road was so cut up that it became absolutely necessary to corduroy a large portion of it. This was quickly accomplished by the men of Barlett's and Owen's batteries, and they crossed the field with much less difficulty than the batteries which proceeded them. From the entrance to the swamp to the bridge over the Chickahominy the mud and mire were less compact than in the field, and although the horses sank to their girths and the guns and caissons over the axle-trees, they were got upon the bridge, with a few exceptions, without unharnessing.

The crossing to the swamp upon this side of the river was upon a narrow causeway, and here the difficulties were even greater than upon the other. Kirby's battery was, by great exertion upon the part of himself, officers, and men, got across, and arrived upon the field of battle in time to participate in the action. It being there under the immediate eye of the commanding general renders it unnecessary for me to enter into the particulars of the part taken by this battery in the engagement. Notwithstanding the terrible condition of the causeway, rendered worse than at first by the crossing of Kirby's battery, Captain Tompkins, by great exertion of himself and command, got his battery through, and arrived upon the field of action just at the close of the engagement. Captain Barlett also succeeded in getting one piece of his battery across, and at once proceeded to the front, arriving upon the field immediately after Captain Tompkins.

A bridge which crossed a ditch in the causeway having broken though, and the continued rise of the water overflowing a portion of the causeway, it became necessary to unharness the horses and draw the remainder of Barlett's and all of Owen's battery through by hand. In the performance of this arduous duty valuable assistance was rendered by Major Bowe, Forty-second New York Volunteers, and 100 men of that regiment.

By early dawn of the 1st instant all the remaining artillery, with the exception of two pieces of Owen's battery, was upon the field, and at 7 a.m. the remaining section of Owen's battery arrived. The untiring energy and zeal displayed by the officers and men of the batteries of my command in overcoming the almost insurmountable difficulties of this march well merited the success which crowned their efforts and entitles them to the highest commendation.

Captain F. N. Clarke, Fourth Artillery, chief of artillery Second Corps, was present during the entire time of crossing, and to his aid and assistance much of the success is due. Upon getting the artillery forward I reported to General Sedgwick, and received orders to place two sections of Barlett's battery in position near Courtney's house, where Tompkins' battery had already been posted, and to send two sections of Owen's battery to report to General Burns at Golding's house.

The remaining section of Barlett's battery was, by order of General Richardson, placed in position near Fair Oaks Station, and was the only artillery of this division engaged in the action of June 1. As the part taken by this section did not come under my immediate supervision, my station being upon the right, I would respectfully refer you to the report of Captain Bartlett, herewith inclosed.

Kirby's battery and the remaining section of Owen's battery were

