
to the west of the house; the caissons were placed under cover of the woods skirting the road leading from the main road opposite Adams' house. The battery was in readiness for action during the engagement of that day, but as the enemy did not attack upon the right the guns were not used.

I have no loss of men or material to report.

I have the honor to remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. TOMPKINS,

Captain, First R. I. Light Artillery, Commanding Company A.

Colonel C. H. Tompkins,

Commanding Artillery, Sedgwick's Div.

Numbers 25. Report of Captain Walter O. Barlett,

Battery B, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY B, FIRST R. I. LIGHT ARTILLERY,Fair Oaks, Va., June 3, 1862.

COLONEL: We left our camp at Tyler's house at 2.30 p.m. on the 31st ultimo, and after a great delay, in consequence of being obliged to corduroy about 20 rods of road, we crossed the Chickahominy about 6 p.m. I immediately proceeded with the right piece, and arrived at the scene of action about 7.15 p.m. The second piece, in crossing the bog on this side Chickahominy, got stuck by a horse falling in a deep hole, where he came near drowning before he could be got out. This caused a long delay, as it was nearly 10 o'clock before the piece was got out. All carriages after this one were unlimbered and pulled through by hand with the assistance of the Forty-second Regiment. One caisson was so badly mired that it was necessary to take out the ammunition and pass it ashore. Four prolonges were broken by the cannoneers in hauling out the guns. The last gun was got up to this place just before daybreak. Soon after daylight of the 1st I was ordered by General Sumner to place two guns on the road near General Dana's brigade. One other was ordered there soon after by General Richardson, who ordered them to shell the point of woods across the wheat field, about 900 yards distant, where the bayonets of the enemy could be plainly seen. These were the first guns fired on that morning. During the day 56 shell were fired at that point and down the road across the railroad. The third piece was brought up about 9 a.m. to the point; the howitzers were placed in position in front of the First Minnesota and fired into the woods on the left in the afternoon. The howitzers were moved to the right of Battery A, and the center section of Lieutenant Bloodgood placed in their old position.

This morning seven spherical case were fired into the woods at 1,500 yards by order of General Sedgwick. All the guns remain in the same position to-night. The ammunition expended is as follows: Sixty-one spherical case, 4 shell, and 65 cartridges from Parrotts, and 5 spherical case and 1 shell from howitzers.

Yours, respectfully,

W. O. BARTLETT,

Captain, Commanding Battery B, First R. I. Light Artillery.

Colonel C. H. TOMPKINS,

Chief of Artillery, Sedgwick's Division.

