
Numbers 26. Report of Charles D. Owen,

Battery G, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY G, RHODE ISLAND ARTILLERY,Camp near Fair Oaks, Va.

SIR: On Saturday, 31st of May, I received orders to move my battery. At about 2 o'clock we started from camp, marching behind Battery B, Rhode Island Artillery, until we came to the bridge that crosses a little stream just before entering the first woods. Here the road was very poor indeed, and therefore I took a road across the next field above, and from thence brought my battery behind Battery B, at the first corduroy road. Before my entire battery was across, however, night came on, and 7 o'clock found me with one-half my battery across the Chickahominy and the other half in the swamp on the eastern side. The remainder of the night was spent in crossing the river with the half battery, and at 3 o'clock in the morning I started for the division camp. We had more trouble in crossing the swamp beyond the river, but 5 o'clock found me across with everything, and about 6 o'clock we arrived on the ground, and General Sumner assigned me a position on the left of Kirby's battery.

I remained there while the battle was raging, and at 2 p.m. received orders to move two sections on the extreme right, to support a portion of General Burns' brigade located at that place. The battery was placed in position, one section near Golding's house and the other on the hill beyond.

I remain, sir, your most obedient servant,

CHARLES D. OWEN,

Captain, Commanding.

Colonel C. H. TOMPKINS,

Commanding Division Artillery.

Numbers 27. Report of Brigadier General Willis A. Gorman,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. GORMANN'S BRIGADE, SEDGWICK'S DIVISION,Fair Oaks, near Richmond, Va., June 3, 1862.

On Saturday, the 31st ultimo, I received orders from the general commanding to put my brigade under arms and take up a line of march as rapidly as possible across the Chickahominy in the direction of Fair Oaks Station, on the Richmond and York River Railroad, where heavy firing had been going on for a short time. On arriving at Dr. Trent's farm, and after ascertaining the position of the road leading to the point where our horses were engaged, we filed into the road, the First Minnesota Regiment in the lead, and took up the march in quick and sometimes double-quick time until we arrived at the point where the enemy had been hotly engaged with Generals Couch's and Casey's divisions, near Fair Oaks Station, the latter having been severely repulsed, while the former was holding his position with great determination with a diminished force. I was ordered to form my brigade by regiments in rear of

