
and I will therefore say that their behavior without exception during this engagement meets with my entire approbation and approval.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. KIMBALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain DANIEL HEBARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 29. eport of Colonel Alfred Sully,

First Minnesota Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Fair Oaks, Va., June 3, 1862

SIR: Agreeably to instructions I have the honor to report the movements of my regiment in the actions of the 31st of May and 1st of June.

We left camp at about 2 p.m. on the 31st ultimo, and marched from Tyler's house, crossed the Chickahominy, reached the battle-field near the railroad station at Fair Oaks about 4.30 p.m. my regiment leading the column. On reaching the field of action I found General Casey's division had been repulsed and that General Couch's division were hard pressed by an overwhelming force of the rebels. I here met the latter general, and was informed by him that the enemy in strong force were marching to outflank him on the right, and as I was ahead of the rest of the division some distance, not waiting for the commander of my troops, I moved rapidly to the right about a quarter of a mile, formed my regiment in line of battle, wheeled them to the right, and, charging across the field, took my position in an oblique direction, my right resting on a farm-house, my left on the edge of a woods. The enemy opened on us, but fired too high.

Soon after the First Chasseurs formed on my left and a battery on their left. The enemy left the field in my front, and, forming in the woods on my left, opened a severe fire on us, which was returned by my men. The enemy were here slaughtered in great numbers within a very few yards of our line.

Two pieces were sent late in the evening to my assistance, under command of Captain Brady, and did good execution. Other troops were also sent to strengthen our position on the right. This position we have still kept.

I would respectfully state to the brigadier-general commanding that the regiment behaved with great coolness, under as heavy a fire as I have ever seen.

We took several prisoners, among them a colonel, lieutenant-colonel, and some officers of subordinate rank.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Colonel First Minnesota.

Captain HEBARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

