
manifested the utmost degree of courage and bravery during the whole engagement.

I was assisted in the field by Lieutenant Colonel Byron Laflin, Major Charles L. Brown, and Adjt. George W. Thompson, all of whom rendered invaluable services. Their conduct as well as that of my entire command, throughout the engagement, cannot be too highly commended.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

JAMES A. SUITER,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-fourth New York Volunteers.

Brigadier General WILLIS A. GORMAN, Commanding.

Numbers 31. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry W. Hudson,

Eighty-second New York Infantry.

HDQRS. EIGHTY-SECOND N. Y. VOLS., (LATE 2nd N. Y. S. M.)

Battle-field of Fair Oaks, Va., June 1, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to report that the regiment under my command, after enjoying a temporary rest of a few hours since being on picket duty, were called to arms at our late camp on Goodey Creek, near Tyler's house, while at dinner on Saturday, May 31, and line at once formed, together with the rest of our division (General Sedgwick's), and after a tedious and trying march through the Chickahominy Swamp and its environs arrived at this point at about 4.30 o'clock in the afternoon, our line being at once formed, the Thirty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers being in our front. The enemy made a dash at the front of our position, but their main attack was simultaneously made on our right flank with the evident intention of taking our battery (Kirby's). In company with the Thirty-fourth we were at once marched doublequick to support the battery, and took our position with the battery on our right, the Thirty-fourth on our left. At this time the enemy had charged to within about 40 or 50 rods of the battery, and received a most terrific fire from my command, which evidently staggered him and caused him to fall back with heavy loss. Again and again did he renew his efforts to take our position, but every time repulsed with heavy loss.

In company with the Thirty-fourth New York Volunteers and Fifteenth Massachusetts we pressed forward, firing as we advanced, and finally drove him from the field at the point of the bayonet, and, darkness closing about us, we rested on our arms, the Fifteenth Massachusetts advancing in front of us on the edge of the timber when the enemy had retreated.

As all of my regiment, both officers and men, behaved well, it would be invidious for me to make comparisons, but I cannot let this opportunity pass without mentioning the assistance I received from every officer under my command during the action. My command entered the action with an average of 60 rounds of ammunition,and the close had barely 6 rounds each left.

I herewith subjoin the list of casualties* in the action, in which it ap-

---------------

*Embodied in return, p. 758

---------------

