
pears that my right wing suffered the most, being the point near the battery, and consequently more exposed to the enemy's fire.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

H. W. HUDSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain DANIEL HEBARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Gorman's Brigade.

Numbers 32. Report of Brigadier General William W. Burns,

U. S. Army commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS BURNS' BRIGADE,Camp, Fair Oaks Station, June 3, 1862

In obedience to the circular order of General Sumner, commanding Second Corps, I have the honor to make the following report, and also inclose the reports of the regimental commanders of my brigade:

Marching with the division from our camp near Tyler's house May 31, at 2 o'clock p.m., my brigade was second in the order of column. Arriving at Adams' farm, the leading brigade (General Gorman) was formed in the first line of deployed battalions. My brigade formed the second line of battalions in mass. Before my brigade had completely formed the enemy opened on the right of the first line. I received an order from General Sedgwick to throw two of my regiments perpendicularly to the right, to prevent the enemy from turning our right flank and getting to our line of communications, which they seemed inclined to do. I immediately deployed Colonel Baxter, Seventy-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Colonel Owen, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to the right, in the woods, and advanced in line of battle through the swamp entanglement about 300 yards, General Sedgwick assuming command of my other two regiment, the Seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers (First California), Major Smith, and the One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Morehead, continuing them in support of the first line.

After getting my line established I went back to the road for more definite instructions and met Captain Sedgwick, assistant adjutant-general, who told me to join the left of my line to Colonel Sully's right, he forming the right of the first line. I immediately sent my aide to find Colonel Sully's right, and directed the left of Colonel Baxter's to join him. Supposing this accomplished, I again went back to the road to see what changes were taking place in the order of battle. Being unable to see anything in the woods, I met Captain Sedgwick again, who informed me that my left had not found Colonel Sully's right. I immediately rode up the road, and found that the first line had changed front during the battle and was in an open field nearly parallel to my new position. Bringing my line to the open space, Colonel Baxter's left overlapped Colonel Sully's right. Colonel Owen was on his right and rear, covering the right of the road which leads from Courtney's to Golding's house. Then, night approaching and the enemy being driven back, the battle ceased.

The loss of my brigade was 5 killed and 30 wounded, including (wounded) Captain F. H. Achuff, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania

