
our own line, and its extreme right was extended considerably beyond our left, the curve seeming to lap around us. Moreover it was formed in a slight valley offering great advantages-that is, a slight cover for a firing party and also protection for a flank movement designed to turn our left, advantages which the enemy were quick to avail of.

From the ridge of ground a few moments, for the enemy soon began to fall away, the wavering of their line being converted into a disorderly rout; when, in compliance with order from General Dana, simultaneously with the infantry battalion on our right and the Michigan Seventh on our left, the line rushed forward with loud cheers. So far as I know the enemy did not stop in their hasty retreat to fire a shot, but sought the cover of the wood-land on our left adjacent to the railroad. They partially rallied and reformed upon gaining the cover of the woods, maintaining for a few moments an ill-directed fire, and attempting, I think, to turn the left, made futile by a slight change of front to the left, executed by the Michigan Seventh and the left wing of our own regiment.

It was now getting dark and the enemy soon ceased firing, seemingly retiring. We occupied the field on which we halted after the last movement to the front all night under arms, engaged mainly in securing prisoners and collecting and providing as we best could for the enemy's wounded, who were numerous, and scattered on the field around us. Among the latter were Brigadier-General Pettigrew, of South Carolina, and Lieutenant-Colonel Bull, of Georgia. I am happy to record that the men of my regiment cheerfully gave up their blankets and rations to these wounded unfortunates who had thus come under our care.

On the morning of June, 1 soon after the attack of the enemy on our center and left commenced, we took position on the right of our general center, as a part, I presume of the reserve. With slight changes in our position, to conform to and meet the threatened movements of the enemy, the regiment remained under arms all the day and night of June 1.

Our burying party reports 13 of the enemy's dead collected on the field in front and on left of our last position after the action of May 31. Twenty-six wounded of the enemy also collected and put under the care of Dr. E. H. R. Revere, our assistant regimental surgeon, for treatment. Seven unhurt prisoners were captured on the evening of May 31 and sent to headquarters. We also collected on the field of battle after the action of May 31 112 muskets and rifles, one box of fixed ammunition, and some other articles of public property, all of which property has been duly turned over to a proper authority.

I inclose a list of casualties (paper A) - 2 killed and 18 wounded-the result of the operations of May 31 and June 1.

I have performed all their appropriate and respective duties with cheerfulness and propriety.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,\

W. RAYMOND LEE,

Colonel Twentieth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. P. BISHOP.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

