
Numbers 35. Report of Colonel Ira R. Grosvenor,

Seventh Michigan Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH MICHIGAN REGIMENT,In the field before Richmond, Fair Oaks, Va., June 3, 1862

SIR: In compliance with brigade orders I have the honor to submit for the consideration of the commanding general of the brigade a report of the engagement of this regiment at this place on the 1st instant. At an early hour this regiment, acting on the left of the brigade, was in line of battle, and in conjunction with the Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers and a battery of artillery held in check the left wing of the enemy during the entire of day. Though much exhausted by the hardbought battle of the day before and the sleepless vigilance of the previous night, each officer and man of the entire command seemed to vie with every other in coolness, prompt obedience to orders, and a determination to discharge the whole duty of a soldier.

Our casualties were light compared with those of the previous day, a full detail of which I will submit as soon as the same can be correctly ascertained.*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

IRA R. GROSVENOR,

Colonel Seventh Michigan Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. P. BISHOP,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Dana's Brigade.

Numbers 36. Report of Major John H. Richardson,

Seventh Michigan Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT MICHIGAN VOLUNTEERS.

Fair Oaks, Va., May 31, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your marching order of this date the regiment was in line and on the march. Upon returning to the regiment, having been previously detailed with 200 men upon fatigue duty, I was surprised to find the regiment upon the march, with Colonel Grosvenor at its head. Having left him in the morning sick upon his bed in his tent, not able to sit up, and had not been for the two days previous,having had a very severe attack of cholera morbus, I deemed it a duty which he owed both to himself and his command that he should have remained in his tent rather than be at the head of the regiment in saddle commanding; and it was only by your advice, as I was informed, with the many and urgent requests of his friends, that he was induced to return, there being at that time no probability of an engagement before the next morning, at which time he was to rejoin his regiment if able. After having assumed command nothing of importance occurred until within about a mile of this place, when we were ordered to the front in haste. When near this place the regiment received the order to march at double-quick, which was kept up until it reached the point indicated by you as our line of battle

---------------

*For casualties, see return, p. 758.

---------------

