
Some little delay and confusion occurred in coming into line, owing to two orders being given, the second being given before the first was fully completed. As soon as formed in line and at work the regiment did good execution which was worthy of veteran soldiers, they being exposed to a galling fire from the enemy during the engagement.

It is with extreme regret that I have to report the loss of this regiment in killed and wounded from 95 to 100, of which 14 were killed.* Among the wounded are Adjt. H. B. Landon, severely; Lieutenants Vrooman, Shafter, Hamilton, and Ingersoll, slightly. Among others several amputations will have to be made.

I cannot close this report without making particular mention of the gallantry and bravery of some of the enlisted men, of which the following are a part: Sergeant Vansickle, Company H, continued to fight after receiving a wound in the leg; William Clemens, bugler, too the first man's gun that fell out, and did good execution until killed, near the close of the action; Corporal Foreman, Company C, continued fighting after wounded in the leg, until exhausted by loss of blood, he fainted and was taken off the field; Private Todd, Company C, fought on after being mortally wounded to the close of the action, and soon after expired upon the field; Samule French, Company E, continued to fight after being wounded in the thigh until he fainted from loss of blood.

Herewith you will find Schedule A, containing a list of the killed and wounded so far as ascertained.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. H. RICHARDSON,

Major, Commanding.

Brigadier-General DANA,

Third Brigade.

Numbers 37. Report of Brigadier General Samuel P. Heintzelman,

U. S. Army, commanding

Third and Fourth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,Savage Station, June 7, 1862

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the operations of the Third and Fourth Army Corps under my command during the engagement of the 31st May and the 1st of June.

On the 25th of May General Keyes' corps was placed under my command. He was directed to advance to the Seven Pines, on the Williamsburg road about 7 miles from the city of Richmond. My corps was ordered to cross the Chickahominy at Bottom's Bridge and occupy the positions, 2 miles in advance of it, marked A and B on the accompanying map, # and to watch the crossings of the White Oak Swamp, with the roads beyond, covering our left flank and rear. On that same day I crossed the river, and occupied the positions indicated. General Keyes' corps advanced. The next day, a reconnaissance having been ordered, I rode forward a mile beyond the Seven Pines, and had the positions examined to the right front.

General Casey's division was located a short distance back of the

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 758

#To appear in Atlas.

---------------

