
General Jameson's brigade came up, the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania having gone up the railroad from Savage Station, as the main road was full of fugitives. I directed him to send a regiment to the right to support General Peck. He sent the Eighty-seventh New York, Colonel Dodge. The other two regiments, the Sixty-third and One hundred and the fifth Pennsylvania, went to the left through the woods and were deployed by General Kearny's order across the Williamsburg road, and they gallantly drove the enemy out of the abatis and rifle pits, holding their position for an hour and a half. This brought the time to about 5 o'clock, at which hour the enemy received a re-enforcement of a division, and began to drive our troops out of the woods on the right of the road.

The fire had increased so much that I went to the left to order two of General Peck's regiments from where they were guarding a road leading from White Oak Swamp to support this line. I met them coming, having been ordered across by General Keyes. They went into the woods, but, together with the troops already there, were driven out by the overwhelming masses of the enemy. General Jameson rode across to rally them but was met by a volley from the enemy. His horse fell with three balls in him. In falling the general's leg was caught under the animal. Some men of the Sixty-third Pennsylvania came, lifted the horse off, and helped the general away. General Peck's horse was shot under him, and several other officers had their horses struck or were themselves wounded at this time. Their exertions, however, partially rallied the retiring regiments, and they fell back fighting. This brought us into a narrow strip of wood along the main road.

With the assistance of my staff and other officers we succeeded in rallying fragments of regiments to the number of about 1,800 men. Part rallying fragments of regiments to the number of about 1,800 men. Part of these General Keyes took to the left of the road. I placed Colonel Hays, of the Sixty-third Pennsylvania, in command of the remainder, with two companies of his regiment just returned from picket. This force I ordered to advance. They succeeded in repulsing the advancing enemy. This was late in the afternoon, and the fire gradually slackened and ceased on this part of the field. The enemy never got beyond those woods. A new line was formed in some unfinished rifle pits about one-half a mile in rear, and occupied by the troops of Generals Couch's and Kearny's divisions and such troops of General Casey's as could be collected.

When the troops on the right of the road near the Seven Pines gave way the enemy pushed several regiments across the main road, placing them between General Berry's brigade, part of Jameson's, and the portion of our troops who gave way from the right of the road. These troops, however, most gallantly held their position on the rebel right flank, and kept up such a deadly fire that no effort the enemy made could dislodge them. They remained till dark, firing away 60 rounds of ammunition to each man, then supplying themselves with cartridges from the dead and wounded. Their fire completely commanded the open space in their front, and not a mounted man succeeded in passing under their fire. When night came on they fell back about a mile, took the Saw-mill road, and by 8 p.m. joined their division. When we reoccupied their ground again the rebel dead covering their front attested their coolness and accuracy of fire.

Early in the afternoon (3 p.m.) an order was sent, on the application of General Keyes, to General Kearny to send a brigade up the railroad to his assistance. The order sent to General Kearny was to send a

