
over a thousand men. An officer informed me that after we had driven the enemy beyond our first intrenchments he visited General Casey's camp, and found more men bayoneted and shot within their sheltertents than outside of them. As General Casey in his report has not designated the regiments who did not behave well, I do not feel called upon to mention them.

The One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania, One hundredth and Ninety-second New York, and Eleventh Maine, General Casey says, made a charge on the enemy, under his eye and by his express orders that would have honored veteran troops. The One hundred and first Pennsylvania and Eighty-sixth New York fought well.

There is one statement in General Palmer's report which it is necessary to notice.

No portion of General Hooker's division was engaged on Saturday, the first day. The heavy loss in General Kearny's division will attest how much his division felt the enemy. After General Kearny's division arrived on the field our forces did not fall back a third of a mile before they checked the enemy. The next day they drove them back, and before night a portion of Sickles' brigade, Hooker's division, occupied at least a portion of General Casey's camps, and brought off numbers of our wounded of the day before and of the enemy's, too, whom they had been compelled to abandon on the field when they retreated.

General Keyes, all the generals of divisions, and most of the generals of the brigades, are especially mentioned for good conduct and activity on the field. Many lost their horses. I have already mentioned Generals Jameson and Berry, of General Kearny's division, and will refer you to General Keyes' report, where he specially refers to the exposure and gallantry of the division and brigade commanders of his corps. As all the reports I have received accompany this, it is unnecessary to report their names.

Couch's, Casey's, and Kearny's divisions, on the field numbered but 18,500 men. Deducting from this force Casey's division, 5,000, dispersed when I came on the field, and Birney's, 2,300, not engaged we with less than 11,000 men, after a struggle of three and a half hours, checked the enemy's heavy masses.

General Naglee, who is highly commended for his gallantry and activity,has not yet sent in his regimental reports. It is but just that these should be forwarded to the War Department, as an evidence of the good conduct of the officers and men of the regiments mentioned by their regimental commanders.

When I started for the field I have to regret I was obliged to leave at my headquarters Captain McKeever, chief of my staff, to attend to the forwarding of orders, &amp;c. Shortly after I left he received an order from the commanding general to remain and keep him informed by telegraph of the progress of the battle, and thus I was deprived of his services in the battle. His services and those of Captain Moses, assistant adjutant-general,were very arduous in attending to the wounded, who were all sent to my headquarters for transportation to the White House.

When I arrived on the field I met Samuel Wilkeson, esq. the chief correspondent of the New York Tribune. I accepted hi services as volunteer aide, and I wish to bear testimony to his gallantry and coolness during the battle. When the rebel re-enforcements arrived, about 5 o'clock p.m. and our troops commenced to give way, he was conspicuous in the throng aiding in rallying the men. The officers of my staff who were with me at this critical moment, Dr. Milhau, the medi-

