
The enemy having retired, I was ordered by General Heintzelman to send two regiments to support General Richardson, who was hotly engaged farther on the right in the direction of the railroad, and I accordingly hastened Colonel Graham's (Fifth) and Major Holt's (First) to that part of the field, where I am happy to learn they rendered timely and effective service, supporting Captain Patrick's [Pettit's] First New York Battery. The enemy having been driven from that part of the line, I recalled Colonel Graham and Major Holt, posting the former on the right of the Fourth and holding the First in reserve, covered by some timber in the rear on the right of the road. In this position the enemy opened a desultory and harmless fire upon my left from a field battery in front, the shot and shell falling in the woods in front and in the field to the rear.

Skirmishers were thrown out about 400 yards in front and well to the left, when Captain Rafferty, Company H, Second Regiment, was sent out to reconnoiter and ascertain the position of the battery and the force supporting it. Major Toler followed, with two companies of the Second Regiment, and reported to me that the enemy were in force about half a mile to the front and moving toward our left. Lieutenant-Colonel Potter, with six companies of the Second Regiment, was then pushed forward to establish outposts and advance to the Seven Pines, being a portion of the battle ground of Saturday. Here large numbers of our wounded, as well as of the enemy who had fallen the day before, were found and brought to the rear to a hospital which was improvised at my headquarters, in charge of a rebel surgeon, whom we took prisoner, and Surgeon Prentice, Fourth Regiment. Lieutenant-Colonel Potter took many prisoners, who were sent to the rear, capturing also a spacious omnibus and four with two negroes on the box, which had brought a distinguished party from Richmond that morning to witness the battle of Sunday. I am unable to furnish you a list of the prisoners as my staff was constantly occupied in the field and the prisoners having been immediately sent to General Heintzelman, the brigadier-general commanding the division being engaged with the enemy on the right. I respectfully refer to Lieutenant-Colonel Potter's report, herewith transmitted, for the details of his service in command of the outposts, which was gallantly and efficiently performed until night, when he was ordered to bring in his detachment. A line of pickets was thrown out at dusk, and we remained in position, resting on our arms all night. During the night the enemy fell back a mile or more on Richmond, moving their artillery and wagon train along a road leading from the left of Casey's camp.

The dashing charge of the Second and Fourth Regiments, the cool and steady advance of the Third, occurred under my immediate observation,and could not have been surpassed. The bold and vigorous movement of the Fifth and First to the right was in the main concealed from my view by the heavy timber through which they passed. The best evidence that these regiments sustained their reputation is found in the fact that they drove the enemy from his position by their sustained fire and with the unfailing bayonet.

To the commanding officers of regiments I am greatly indebted for the prompt and gallant execution of all orders and for their judicious conduct at moments when my presence in other parts of the field occasionally delayed my communications with them. Attention is respectfully invited to the full and complete reports, copies of which are inclosed, from Colonel George B. Hall, Second; Colonel Nelson Taylor, Third; Colonel Charles K. Graham, Fifth; Major Thomas Holt, commanding First,

