
on the 3rd we were ordered to the rear, and while moving accordingly that order was countermanded by another to proceed to the advance at the earthworks and hold them at all hazards. We remained there during a constant rain till about 10 o'clock a.m. of Wednesday, the 4th, when we were relieved by the Sixth New Jersey Regiment. We retired then to the rear, and encamped for the night about half a mile back. We are now waiting under marching orders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS HOLT,

Major, Commanding First Regiment, Excelsior Brigade

Lieutenant H. E. TREMAIN,

A. A. A. G., Excelsior Brigadier Second (Hooker's) Division.

Numbers 42. Report of Colonel George B. Hall,

Seventy-first New York Infantry, of operations June 1-4.
HDQRS. 2nd Regiment, EX. Brigadier 2nd (HOOKER'S) DIV., 3rd A. C,Camp near Richmond, Va., June 4, 1862

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with instructions contained in circular of this date I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment from Sunday last, June 1, to date:

In obedience to orders from General Sickles I marched my command on the morning of the 1st instant in advance of the brigade in the direction of the camp lately occupied by the division under the command of General Casey, then occupied by the enemy in force. Not being familiar with the names of the localities where we were engaged, I am only able to state that we continued our advance on the left of the Richmond turnpike, under the observation and direct orders of General Sickles, until exposed to a severe fire from the enemy, consisting of about four regiments, concealed in the woods directly in our front. My regiment charged upon them at double-quick time, driving them from the woods with considerable loss. At this time I received orders to halt my command.

Holding that position, I advanced my skirmishers about 300 yards, and being then supported by the Third Regiment of our brigade on my left and the Fourth Regiment on my right, I continued to advance them about 400 yards farther, where they remained (about 300 yards from the enemy) until they were ordered by General Sickles to join the regiment. Resting on our arms that night in the position above named, the regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Potter, next morning (2nd instant) proceeded on the reconnaissance ordered from division headquarters to within about 4 miles of Richmond, and upon its return the regiment occupied the woods for the night about 400 yards in advance of our position on Sunday night. On the following morning, in obedience to orders. I advanced my regiment with the brigade to the earthworks in front, where we remained until relieved this morning.

During all this time my regiment had supplied large details for picket duty, continually under the fire of the enemy's advance; also heavy details for burying the dead and carrying in the wounded both of General Casey's division and such of the enemy as were left upon the field after the battle of Saturday, 31st ultimo, and although almost exhausted

