
by fatigue and exposure to severe rain-storms, all orders were promptly obeyed. We also brought in a number of prisoners, among whom were several officers.

In conclusion, I beg leave to state that on Sunday, while the command was engaged, they acted with great coolness and with satisfactory results. Major Toler commanded the skirmishers at the commencement of our attack with great efficiency, and was relieved by Lieutenant-Colonel Potter, who has been almost entirely since under the direct orders of the general commanding the brigade.

The following is a correct list of the killed, wounded, and missing.*

* * * * * * *

I omitted to mention that during the skirmishing on Sunday (1st instant) the enemy were frequently seen to appear before my men and wave a white flag, while continuing to fire upon them.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. HALL,

Colonel, Commanding Second Regiment.

Lieutenant H. E. TREMAIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Excelsior Brigade.

Numbers 43. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry L. Potter,

Seventy-first New York Infantry, of operations June 1-2.

CAMP OF SECOND Regiment EX. Brigadier HOOKER'S DIV.

Field of the Seven Pines, June 3, 1862

LIEUTENANT: After the driving in of the rebel lines by our brigade on the morning of June 1, General Sickles, commanding Excelsior Brigade, ordered a detail of one company, besides the two flank companies already deployed in front as skirmishers, to advance under my command to take observations of the enemy's lines and to learn the position of the battery that had been playing upon our lines during the morning.

A report of the movements and observations of this advanced command, I beg herewith respectfully to submit.

After passing through the swamp in the rear of the field lately occupied by General Casey's command we found the enemy drawn up in large force in line of battle at right angles with the main road, crossing the road on a line with the house near which General Casey's headquarters were recently established. I posted three companies (A, B, C) as a reserve in line on the end of the field near the swamp extending from the road to the left, and advanced with the other three companies (E, F, H,) as far as the road that breaks to the left from the main road, called the Saw-mill road. This road crosses the fields about half way between the swamp and where the enemy were drawn up in line of battle, and within long range of the rebel pickets. On this road I posted two companies (E, H) and with Company F, Captain Donaldson, passed through the wood to left of the field and advanced the company to a house in a field beyond this Saw-mill road, and on the right flank of the rebels as there posted. When in this position we arrested several of the enemy, two with pieces of white paper in their hats,

---------------

*Embodied in return, p.759.

---------------

