
accordance with these orders I moved forward about 8 a.m., and proceeded to the camp lately occupied by Casey's division. In obedience to orders I placed my command in the trenches as a support to the battery, remaining here until 3 p.m,. when being ordered I returned in rear of the battery, and bivouacked in the woods lately occupied as a camp by a part of Couch's division.

About 8 o'clock p.m. I received an order to do picket duty with my command, to which was added two companies of the Fifth New Jersey Regiment, Third Brigade in front and on the flanks of our position. In accordance with these orders I directed Major William O. Stevens to take six companies of my command and proceed to the works lately occupied by Casey's division, and make such disposition of them as in his judgment seemed most judicious. Major Ramsey, of the Fifth New Jersey Regiment, having reported to me with 100 of that regiment, I directed him to take charge of them with the four remaining companies of my command, and place a part as outposts on the road leading toward James River: also a few on our right flank, connecting with those thrown out by Major Stevens on his right, and the balance to be held in reserve at the rifle pits in front of the camp lately occupied by Couch's division and close to the battery in front of our camp. The report of Major Stevens is herewith forwarded and made a part of this report. Major Ramsey made no other than a verbal report, "that nothing was heard during the night by his pickets." The night passed with no alarms.

About 7 a.m. Tuesday, June 3, being relieved and ordered to go into camp about half a mile back, I withdrew all of the pickets. About twenty minutes afterward I was ordered with my command to the front, and placed to the right of the road leading to Richmond, and on the right of the Second Regiment of this brigade,also being to the right of the work in front of Casey's old camp. My command stood in line under was arms until about 4 p.m. when I was ordered back to guard a road called the Mill road, and running to the left from the Richmond road and just in rear of Couch's old camp. I sent one company out as advanced pickets about a mile to the front; I also sent another company on the same road about a quarter of a mile as a support; also pickets on another road leading to the right from this road. Between 8 and 9 o'clock a shot was heard, immediately followed by a volley, which was soon ascertained to be a false alarm. With this exception all was quiet during the night, and nothing was seen indicating the presence of the enemy in this direction. The men lay upon their arms in a violent rain-storm the night through.

About 6 a.m. Wednesday, June 4, a cavalry officer, with 10 men, reported to me to do picket duty on the Mill road, and to relieve the pickets which I had thrown forward on that road. Under my direction he threw forward his me on different roads, visiting several houses, making inquires, &amp;c. He reported to me that at one house he found one Confederate officer and 3 men lying wounded. I directed Surgeon Irwin to proceed to the house and attend to them. After returning he reported that he had dressed their wounds; that none were mortally wounded but were destitute of any conveniences. I then directed him to report that fact to the brigade surgeon, that he might send an ambulance and remove them to a proper place. After being relieved by the cavalry officer, I was ordered to take my command to the front as a support to the batteries at Casey's old camp, where I remained until about 5 p.m. when two companies of my command were sent under charge of Major Stevens to relieve two companies of the Sixth

