
New Jersey Regiment, Third Brigade, as pickets. The balance of my command was relieved by the Eleventh Massachusetts Regiment, First Brigade, and returned to Couch's old camp, and went into camp for the first time since breaking up near Bottom's Bridge.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant H. E. TREMAIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Hooker's Division.

Numbers 45. Report of Major William O. Stevens,

Seventy-second New York Infantry, of operations June 2-3.

IN THE FIELD, SEVEN MILES FROM RICHMOND, VA.,

June 3, 1862

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions from you I started from camp at 9.30 o'clock last evening to do picket duty in front of the lines of this corps, having under my command the following companies of your regiment, viz: Company D, Lieutenant Howard commanding, 32 men; Company E, Captain Toomey, 50 men; Company F, Captain Leonard, 48 men; Company G, Captain Bliss, 48 men; Company H. Captain Doyle, 40 men; Company I, Lieutenant Fogarty commanding, 42 men; in all 260 men. I found the redoubt and rifle pits which were formerly occupied by General Casey's division unoccupied.

The following disposition of the force under my command was made for the night: Captain Bliss occupied the rifle pit upon the right of the turnpike with one-half his company and threw out the other half as outlying pickets upon his front and right flank, the left of these pickets resting upon the turnpike. Company E, Captain Toomey, occupied the rifle pit upon the left of the turnpike. Company D was all thrown out as outlying pickets, the right resting on the turnpike and the left reaching 300 yards to the left of the turnpike; 1 sergeant and 2 men were thrown forward upon the turnpike 150 yards in advance of the right of the pickets of this company. Company F, Captain Leonard, and H, Captain Doyle, were posted in the redoubt, each occupying a face looking to the front.

Company I, Lieutenant Fogarty, was posted one-half in the rifle pit on the right side of the road, which runs in rear of the redoubt at right angles with the turnpike and in the direction of the Jemes River; the other half as outlying pickets, the left resting on this last road and the right stretching to a point near the woods in front of the redoubt; 3 men from this company were posted one-eighth of a mile forward upon this road. All the outlying pickets were posted 200 yards in advance of the supports were placed in pairs, the men lying flat on the ground with instructions not to fire unless a superior force approached, and in a menacing manner.

During the night not a shot was fired by any of the command. The first part of the night a bright light as of a camp was observed, apparently 2 or 3 miles distant, in the direction of Richmond. This light diminished much afterward. At 2 o'clock this morning the sound of a drum was heard for a few minutes. It came from the direction of the

