
light, and was apparently from 1 to 2 miles distant. Whether it was a long roll or a call I cannot state. In the course of the night three shots were fired, which seemed to come from the pickets of the enemy. The were in a direction a little south of west from us, and the nearest was at least three-quarters of a mile away. At the first break of dawn our outlying pickets fell back upon their supports in the rifle pits, and Company D was then posted in the rifle pit on the extreme left.

At sunrise we discovered pickets from the Nineteenth Massachusetts Regiment half a mile in advance of our right wing and coming up to the old log house on the right of the turnpike. At this time I reported to you that nearly all the force might, in my opinion, by withdrawn, and by your direction I withdrew all but Company E, Captain Toomey, who was instructed to post 2 men in advance at the log house on the turnpike, 6 men on the road leading toward the Jemes River and half a mile forward and to hold the balance of his command in the redoubt. At daylight a few shots were fired by the enemy's pickets in front, which were probably merely a discharge of their pieces. At 8 o'clock Company E was relieved by two companies of the Second Regiment of this brigade.

During the night the men were exposed to a drenching rain, but all discharged their duty with fidelity, while I am under particular, obligations to the officers for their vigilance and promptness.

The above are all the incidents which were observed of interest during the night.

Very respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM O. STEVENS.

Major Third Regiment, Ex. Brigadier, Second (Hooker's) Division

Colonel NELSON TAYLOR.

Commanding Third Regiment.

Numbers 46. Report of Captain Charles B. Elliott,

Seventy-third New York Infantry, of operations June 1-4.

CAMP OF FOURTH REGIMENT, EXCELSIOR BRIGADE.

June 5, 1862

LIEUTENANT: In reply to your circular asking for a report of the operations of this regiment from June 1 to 4 inclusive, I respectfully submit the following report:

The regiment marched on Sunday a.m., the 1st instant, under command of Major Moriarty, who, after being engaged, was disabled by his horse slipping and falling upon him. The regiment was second in line in marching on the Richmond turnpike, the Second Regiment being in advance. They charged the enemy on the left of the road, this regiment doing the same and keeping on a line with them on the right of the road through a wood, and being engaged under heavy fire with the enemy, who were concealed in the woods. We continued to advance, firing continually, until the left of our line camp up to that of the Second Regiment, who were then engaged. A line being formed, skirmishers were immediately thrown out, who continued to advance on a line with

53	R R-VOL XI

