
the skirmishers of other regiments until ordered by ordered by General Sickles to return.

We remained at that position until next morning, when the regiment joined the reconnoitering column under command of the general commanding the division. Returning, went into camp in the woods on the left of the road a few hundred yards in front of our position of Sunday night, where we remained until next morning.

On the 3rd instant, under orders from General Sickles, we marched to the earthworks in advance, and remained there until relieved on the morning of the 4th instant. I feel gratified to state that the regiment, although no field officer was present, sustained the reputation earned at Williamsburg. All details have been promptly furnished and all orders promptly obeyed, and without further mention I feel it my duty to state that the regiment throughout the time has acted as well as could be desired under the circumstances.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.

C. B. ELLIOTT,

Captain Company I, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant H. E. TREMAIN.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Excelsior Brigade.

Numbers 47. Report of Colonel Charles K. Graham,

Seventy-fourth New York Infantry, of operations June 1-4.

HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT, EXCELSIOR BRIGADE.

Camp near Richmond, Va., June 5, 1862

LIEUTENANT: On the 1st instant, at 8 a.m. this regiment left camp with the Second and Fourth. Advancing half a mile these regiments deployed, one to the right, the other to the left. Shortly afterward this regiment was ordered to support the Fourth Regiment. Entering the woods it was deployed, and proceeded diagonally to the right through them a distance of about 2 miles, until the rear of the Jersey Brigade, which had been previously engaged, was reached. This regiment was then marched to the left of this brigade, under the impression that the Fourth had reached that far. Here it was formed in line of battle, the First Regiment, under Major Holt, on the left. At this time a fire was opened on us from the woods in front and was promptly returned, with a loss of 1 killed and 10 wounded on our side. A portion of the right wing then proceeded to the right and advanced in the direction of the railroad, whilst the left and the First Regiment advanced to the front. In the woods a number of dead and wounded rebels were found, but no trace of any rebel force could be discerned.

At 11 a.m. orders reached me to proceed up the railroad with this regiment and the First to support a battery which had been placed there by General Meagher. After remaining at that point about an hour under orders both regiments returned to the spot where the brigade formed in line of battle and encamped for the night. The march was a most fatiguing one, through a swamp in many places almost to the depth of the waist. Both officers and men acted with prudence and firmness.

