
At 7 a.m. on the 1st instant the Fifth and Sixth New Jersey marched forward (General Patterson being still very ill), and were actively engaged from about 7.15 a.m. to 9.45 a.m., two and a half hours, with the enemy, the Fifth Regiment having 4 privates killed, 3 officers and 51 non-commissioned officers and privates wounded and 2 privates missing; total, 60. I have the honor of transmitting herewith a list of their names. The loss of the Sixth Regiment has not yet been reported to me, but is considerably less.*

General Hooker was himself a witness a part of the time of the behavior of the two regiments under my command, and to him I leave the comment thereon. Credit being but reluctantly accorded this brigade for its services, its members look inward and upward for their reward.

The Fifth and Sixth Regiments have been for four days and nights under arms, in battle, reconnaissance, and in holding the most advanced position on this flank of the army. They are still under arms, and see no prospect of an hour's rest for days to come. They have been exposed night and day to deluges of rain, and have suffered every species of privation incident to an army in an enemy's country; but among the greatest of their sufferings may be ranked the intolerable stench to which they have been and are exposed, arising from the unburied dead bodies of men and horses that were and are thickly scattered over the ground for hundreds of acres around. I have caused to be buried all my men's strength and time enabled them to bury,but I suffer many to lie unburied not many hundred yards distant.

The following-named officers deserve particular mention for their coolness under fire: Major John Ramsey, Capts. W. J. Sewell, E. C. Hopper, and Roswell S. Reynolds, Lieuts. T. Kelly, E. P. Berry, T. P. Large, and others, of the Fifth Regiment; Colonel G. Mott, Lieutenant-Colonel Burling, and Lieutenant Crawford, of the Sixth Regiment. All these came under my personal observation. For want of information I am unable to name any others of the Sixth Regiment.

Lieutenant G. S. Russell, Fifth Regiment, my adjutant, was compelled to retire from the field during the action on account of illness. While in action his bearing met my approval. Captain Gould, Fifth Regiment, also from the same cause, withdrew by my permission, but bore himself well during the engagement. First Sergt. William Newman, Fifth New Jersey Volunteers commanded the company after Captain Gould withdrew from the field, and deserves high commendation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. STARR,

Colonel, Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOS. DICKINSON.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Division.

Numbers 49. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph, Trawin,

Eighth New Jersey Infantry, of operations May 31-June 5.

HDQRS. EIGHTH Regiment NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS.

Near Seven Pines, Va., June 5, 1862

SIR: By orders from division headquarters received while Patterson's brigade was about of the troops engaged

---------------

*See return, p. 759.

---------------

