
This morning, by orders from the headquarters of the Third Brigade,

the command was marched to its present location.

Though not having had the privilege of being engaged in the late battle with the other regiments of the and division, it is felt that good service has been done the cause in the position occupied by the Seventh and Eighth Regiments while detached. Officers and men nobly responded to all calls upon them, and stood prepared to discharge fully their duty under any possible emergency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH TRAWIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Eighth N. J. Vols., lately Commanding Intrenchments.

Captain JOS. DICKINSON.

Asst. Adjt., General, Hooker's Div., Third Army Corps, Va.

Numbers 50. Report of Brigadier General Philip Kearny,

U. S. Army, commanding Third Division
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, HEINTZELMAN'S CORPS,Intrenched Camp, near Savage's, June 2, 1862

SIR: On the 31st ultimo, at 3 p.m. I received an order to send a brigade of my division by the railroad to support Keyes' corps, said to be severely engaged. Birney's brigade was designated, and getting most promptly under arms, advanced accordingly.

Captain Hunt, aide to General Heintzelman, arriving from the field, made me aware of the discomfiture of most of Casey's division. The retiring wagons and a dense stream of disorganized fugitives arrived nearly simultaneously. As a precaution I ordered some picked Michigan marksmen and a regiment to proceed and occupy the dense woods bordering on the left of our position to take in flank any pursuers. I, however, soon received General Heintzelman's directions to order forward by the Williamsburg road the remaining brigade, and to retrieve the position the enemy had driven us from. I put myself at the head of the advanced regiment and set forward without delay. I also sent written orders for Jameson's brigade, camped at the tete-de-pont near Bottom's Bridge (3 miles in rear) to come up without delay. This order met with General Heintzelman's approval.

On arriving at the field of battle we found certain zigzag rifle pits sheltering crowds of men and the enemy firing from abatis and timber in their front. General Casey remarked to me on coming up, "If you will regain our late camp the day will still be ours." I had but the Third Michigan up, but they moved forward with alacrity, dashing into the felled timber, and commenced a desperate but determined contest, heedless of the shell and ball which rained upon them. This regiment, the only one of Berry's brigade not engaged at Williamsburg, at the price of a severe loss, has nearly outvied all competitors. Its work this day was complete. This regiment (Third Michigan) lost:

Officer killed-Captain S. A. Judd, Company A.

Officers wounded-Colonel S. G. Champlin; Captain S. G. Lowing, Company I; First Lieutenant G. E. Judd, Company A; First Lieutenant S. M. Pelton, Company C; First Lieutenant G.w. Dodge, Company F; First Lieutenant A. J. Whitney, Company G; First Lieutenant S. Brennan, Company I;

