
Total officers killed and wounded, 11.

Enlisted men killed, 67; wounded, 115; missing, 63.

Total loss, 256. *

Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers lost:

Officer killed-First Lieutenant Henry Hurst, Company C.

Officers wounded-Lieutenant Colonel A. S. M. Morgan; Adjt. George P. Cortes: Quartermaster W. N. Haymaker; Captain John A. Danks, Company E; First Lieutenant T. L. Maynard, Company B; Second Lieutenant Isaac Moorhead, Company G; Acting Second Lieutenant G. E. Gross, Company D.

Total officers killed and wounded, 8.

Enlisted men killed, 31; wounded 88; missing, 21.

Total loss, 148.*

This was perhaps near 6 o'clock, when our center and right, defended by troops of the other divisions, with all their willingness, could no longer resist the enemy's right central flank attacks, pushed on with determined discipline and with the impulsion of numerous concentrated masses. Once broken, our troops fled incontinently, and a dense body of the enemy pursuing rapidly, yet in order, occupied the Williamsburg road, the entire open ground, and penetrating deep into the woods on either side soon interposed between my division and my line of retreat. It was on this occasion that, seeing myself cut off, and relying on the high discipline and determined valor of the Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, I faced them to the rear against the enemy, and held the ground, although so critically placed, and despite the masses that gathered on and had passed us, checked the enemy in his intent of cutting us off against the White Oak Swamp. This enabled the advanced regiments, averted by orders and this contest in their rear, to return from their hitherto victorious career, and to retire by a remaining woodpath known to our scouts (the Saw-mill road) until they once more arrived at and remained the impregnable position we had left at noon at our own fortified division camp.

The loss of the Thirty-seventh New York is severe, viz;

Officer killed-Second Lieutenant W. J. Fennon.

Officers wounded-Captain J. R. McConnell, Captain A. J. Diegnan, First Lieutenant James Keelen, Second Lieutenant James H. Markey, Second Lieutenant William Bird, Second Lieutenant William C. Green.

Total officers killed and wounded, 7.

Enlisted men killed, 12; wounded, 66; missing, 2.

Total loss, 87.*

At Williamsburg its loss was 95. It there formed our extreme left. Colonel Hayman, its colonel, has ever been most distinguished. He revived this day his reputation gained in Mexico. Adjt. James Henry, Captain James R. O'Beirne, and Lieuts. W. C. Green and P. J. Smith were particularly distinguished for courage and activity.

The detached brigade under Birney had been ordered to support by the railroad side, not to attack. It accomplished this successfully, for I understand it enabled General Couch, who had been cut off with a brigade, to form the junction with the army. The Fifth-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers (Jameson's brigade), having been on fatigue, was ordered to report to General Birney, and was seriously engaged. Its loss was:

Officer killed-Major J. Culp.

Officers wounded-Colonel C. T. Campbell; Captain S. C. Simonton, Company B; Captain C. S. Chase, Lieutenant E. J. Rice, Company A.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 760

---------------

