
staff, the premature fate of one whose gallantry at Williamsburg made me to anticipate a career which he fulfilled in this action. My acting aide, Lieutenant Mallon, rendered me great services, and was wounded. My aide, Captain Sturges, was left to conduct General Birney. Captain Moore was sent after my artillery, and was, as usual, active.

I have again to regret that the unequaled batteries (Thompson's Second U. S. Artillery), Randolph's and Beam's, were not employed, from there being other batteries substituted.

In finishing this report I trust that you will bring to the attention of the general-in-chief that, masters of the lost camp and victorious and in full career, the fate of the center decided our own,and that the regiments were suddenly stopped by orders dispatched to them, and by hearing the fire of their support, the Thirty-seventh New York, in rear hearing the fire of their support, the Thirty-seventh New York, in rear of their entire line; but undismayed and in good order they effected their retreat.

I have also to call to your attention that the loss of my regiments, only 5,000 fighting men all told, have again, writhing a very short period, paid the penalty of daring and success by by the marked and severe loss of near 1,300 men. I have again to bring to notice for conspicuous good conduct Generals Jameson and Berry and Birney (Second Brigade). The latter acted in an independent command. The former led in person the advance of their men.

Among numerous prisoners taken was Colonel Bratton, Sixth South Carolina Volunteers, taken by Colonel Walker's Fourth Manie. The losses of the enemy were even vastly severer than ours own, and in places the slain were piled in confused masses.

I add, in conclusion, that the enemy's success in the afternoon did not prevent me that very night from pushing forward Major Dillman and 200 Michigan marksmen to the saw-mill (one mile in advance), whence he boldly threw out reconnaissances in the vicinity and to the left of the late battle ground.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. KEARNY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division, Third Corps.

Captain CHAUENCEY McKEEVER.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 51. Report of Brigadier General Charles D. Jameson,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, KEARNY'S DIVISION.

June 1, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with a verbal order from Lieutenant Hunt, aide-de-camp to Brigadier-General Heintzelman, I moved the brigade I have the honor to command from the camp near the Burnt Chimneys at about 2.30 o'clock p.m. yesterday and advanced to the front upon the railroad as rapidly as possible. Upon arriving at Savage Station I inquired of Captain McKeever, assistant adjutant-general to General Heintzelman, where I should take my brigade to report to General Kearny. He informed me General Kearny was up the Richmond road. I left the railroad at that

