
Of the conduct of the two regiments which acted under my eye during the engagement (the Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers and One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers) I can speak in the highest terms. They drove the enemy before them, never wavering in the least, and only retired from the field when ordered to fall back after being almost entirely cut off, the enemy having succeeded in turning our right. For the movements of the other two regiments (the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and the Eighty-seventh New York Volunteers) I refer you to the official reports of Generals Peck and Birney, respectively, and to their regimental reports.

Where all the officers behaved in so gallant a manner as those of the two regiments under my command during the action yesterday did it would be almost invidious to make any distinction. Any special cases I may wish to call particular attention to I will reserve for a supplementary report. I cannot, however, close this brief report without calling to the favorable notice of the general commanding the division the gallant manner in which Captain C. H. Potter, my assistant adjutant-general, bore himself during the action. He was under heavy fire constantly from the time he arrived upon the field, at about 4 o'clock p.m.,until dark, using every exertion in his power to cheer on our men and in rallying the disorganized masses from other divisions that were running from the field. I cannot say too much in praise of the valuable service rendered by Captain Potter and the bravery and daring displayed by him during the action. I predict a brilliant future for him if he follows the profession of arms.

Lieutenant J. J. S. Hassler, aide-de-camp, the only other member of my staff on the field, was not with me during the action, having taken the Fifty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers to General Birney; therefore I cannot speak of his conduct from personal observation, but I understand he bore himself gallantly, rendering very valuable services in carrying orders for the generals of the corps and division respectively.

Accompanying this report I send you a it of the killed, wounded, and missing. The list of killed and wounded is necessarily very imperfect. Most of the missing are either killed or prisoners.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. D. JAMESON,

Brigadier-General

Captain W. E. STURGES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General .

Numbers 52. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Richard A. Bachia,

Eighty-seventh New York Infantry.

HDQRS. EIGHTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.

Camp in the Field, June 1, 1862

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that our regiment (Eighty-seventh) left camp yesterday, May 31, according to orders, at 3 o'clock p.m. We were ordered to fall in behind the Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Hays. On their left we proceeded along the railroad track

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 760.

---------------

