
I did not see General Birney after he gave the first order to form in rear of the Third Maine.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. WOODS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Vols.

Brigadier General C. D. JAMESON,

[Indorsement]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, KEARNY'S DIVISION.

June 6, 1862

GENERAL: At your request I have the honor to forward the within statements of Lieutenant-Colonel Woods relative to the movements of the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers in the engagements on the afternoon of May 31, 1862.

Colonel Campbell was seriously wounded in the action and has been sent to the rear, and it is impossible to ascertain all the particulars in regard to the different orders received by him during the day. Lieutenant-Colonel Woods has no doubt but what it was General Keyes who gave him the order to advance after the regiment had crossed the Nine-mile road.

C. D. JAMESON.

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General HEINTZELMAN, Commanding Third Corps.

Numbers 55. Report of Colonel Alexander Hays,Sixty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP, June 1, 1862

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report results of the engagement in which the regiment I have the honor to command, Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, participated.

About 4 o'clock p.m. on the 31st ultimo, by order of Brigadier-General Jameson, eight companies of the regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan, were led into action. Soon after the engagement commenced Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan was seriously wounded, notwithstanding which the several companies, under their individual captains, did honor to themselves, to the country, and to the old Commonwealth from which we hail. Two companies of the regiment, having been detailed for fatigue duty on the morning previous to the action, did not participate with the others under my own command. However, they formed a nucleus around the colors of the Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, aided by a remnant of a Massachusetts regiment, and, with the colors of three regiments flying, we moved forward, by order of General Heintzelman, to relieve the Eighty-seventh New York Regiment, which had gallantly sustained the field against superior numbers. I cannot distinguish among those that passed before my notice. All did nobly, and gave me reason to be proud that I was an American.

Respectfully submitted.

ALEX HAYS,

Colonel Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain C. H. POTTER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

