
Numbers 56. Report of Lieutenant Colonel A. S. M. Morgan,

Sixty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.

CONTINENTAL HOTEL,

Philadelphia, June 5, 1862

SIR: Though under all the circumstances I have no idea that any official report concerning the Sixty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the battle of May 31. will be expected of me, I wish to state to you what I know of that which transpired on that day.

After you had given the order relative to putting the regiment into line and had left us the regiment moved forward steadily through the abatis. It had not progressed very far before I found the left wing had come up to the line of the Fifth Michigan, which regiment I found was in line firing by file, the men kneeling and lying upon the ground. An extent of front equal to about three companies came up behind that regiment. On going to the left I there saw Colonel Terry, of the Fifth Michigan. After some conversation with him I started to go along the line to the right of the regiment when my attention was attracted to the head of a column of the enemy's infantry moving down the main road already quite near to our line. I went back to point out to Colonel Terry, to whom some of his men were just calling his attention to it. He said I would have to order my regiment to fall back. I hurried toward the right to provide in the best manner possible for the emergency, and when I reached a point on the right wing of the regiment and in an open place where I could again see distinctly to the road I found the head of the column referred to was falling back, and I continued to order the men to push on. The right wing was then not quite as far advanced as the left, and nearly but not quite through the abatis. It was just at this moment that I was shot. In a few moments after I could neither stand nor walk, and had to consent to be taken from the field.

I sent Lieutenant Moorhead to inform Captain Kirkwood of the fact and to direct him to take command of the regiment. I hoped to see you as I went back, but those who were carrying me lost their way and did not bring me out on the road. I did not, of course, see Colonel Terry again, but I imagine he saw for himself that I made no change in the forward movement of my regiment. You will probably have understood this from others, but I though it best to write to you of it. I regret very much that I was wounded so early in the action.

I was in hopes that I would be able to go directly home, but Dr. Morris, the physician whom I consulted here, forbids it for some time yet. I am, however, getting along very well, and hope soon to be entirely restored.

Allow me to congratulate you on your own escape and on the flattering terms in which I everywhere see your name mentioned.

Very respectfully, yours,

A. S. M. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Brigadier General C. D. JAMESON.

54	R R-VOL XI

