HEADQUARTERS BIRNEY'S BRIGADE, Camp near Fair Oaks, Va., June 5, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state the in my official report of June 1, made up hastily and but a few hours after the action, I inadvertently omitted to mention several occurrences of interest, which are necessary to make the whole history complete. Previous to the attack on Sunday morning I was visited by yourself, with directions from General Kearny to hold my position, and connect by skirmishers with the general at the rifle pits, and that if attacked he would re-enforce at once. The attack of the enemy was so sudden (although information was forwarded to the general without delay) and their repulse and perfect rout so rapid the re-enforcements were not needed.

In addition to the officers mentioned in my previous report, many of whom were immediately under my own observation and others spoken of by their regimental commanders, I wish to speak in the most-exalted terms of the medical staff of this brigade, among whom I may be permitted to mention Brigade Surgeon Pancoast, Regimental Surgeons Berry and Hildreth, Assistant Surgeons Gesner, Gatchell, and Halsey. Assistant Surgeons Gesner and Halsey were conspicuous on the battle field, relieving suffering humanity, our own men and the misguided rebels alike.

The aides of General Birney, Lieutenants Linnard and Ford, rendered me very efficient service, Lieutenant Ford having his horse killed while conveying orders.

In closing my final report I would beg leave to remark that the brigade which I had (and for the present have) the honor to command was much reduced in numbers by details just previous to the action. The number of men engaged in the charge upon the enemy was less than 700, while the enemy's force consisted of five regiments; the right flank being protected by the Fourth Maine, numbering about 450, and the left by detachments numbering about 250 men.

I wish I could find words to express my admiration of the conduct of the enlisted men. I cannot mention one without finding it necessary to continue the list indefinitely.

I have the honor to remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,J. H. HOBART WARD,

Colonel Thirty-eighth Regiment N. Y. Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. E. STURGES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 60. Report of Colonel Henry G. Staples,

Third Maine Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRD REGIMENT MAINE VOLUNTEERS, Camp before Richmond, Va., June 2, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of the Third Regiment Maine Volunteers in the engagement near the railroad on the 31st ultimo and 1st instant:

During the attack on the left on the 31st my command was ordered to the front by General Birney. He moved up the railroad by the flank and occupied several positions on the right and left of the road during the afternoon, resting at night in line of battle upon the first opening

