
Notwithstanding the repeated representations I made to the General-in-Chief that such were the facts, on the 10th I received the following:

WASHINGTON, August 10, 1862-12 p.m.

The enemy is crossing the Rapidan in large force. They are fighting General Pope to-day. There must be no further delay in your movements. That which has already occurred was entirely unexpected, and must be satisfactorily explained. Let not a moment's time be lost, and telegraph me daily what progress you have made in executing the order to transfer your troops.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN.

To which I sent this reply:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Berkeley, August 10, 1862-11.30 p.m.

Your dispatch of to-day is received. I assure you again that there has not been any unnecessary delay in carrying out your orders. You are probably laboring under some great mistake as to the amount of transportation available here. I have pushed matters to the utmost in getting off our sick and the troops your ordered to Burnside.

Colonel Ingalls has more than once informed the Quartermaster-General of the condition of our water transportation. From the fact that you directed me to keep the order secret, I took if for granted that you would take the steps necessary to provide the requisite transportation.

A large number of transports for all arms of service and for wagons should at once be sent to Yorktown and Fort Monroe.

I shall be ready to move the whole army by land the moment the sick are disposed of. You may be sure that not an hour's delay will occur that can be avoided. I fear you do not realize the difficulty of the operation proposed.

The regiment of cavalry for Burnside has been in course of embarkation to-day and to-night. Ten steamers were required for the purpose. Twelve hundred and fifty-eight sick loaded to-day and to-night. Our means exhausted, except one vessel returning to Fort Monroe in the morning, which will take some 500 cases of slight sickness.

The present moment is probably not the proper one for me to refer to the unnecessarily harsh and unjust tone of your telegrams of lat. It will, however, make no difference to my official action.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Commanding U. S. Army.

On the 11th this report was made:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Berkeley, August 11, 1862-11.30 p.m.

The embarkation of 850 cavalry and one brigade of infantry will be completed by 2 o'clock in the morning. Five hundred sick were embarked to-day. Another vessel arrived to-night, and 600 more sick are now being embarked. I still have some 4,000 sick to dispose of. You have been grossly misled as to the amount of transportation at my disposal.

Vessels loaded to their utmost capacity with stores, and others indispensable for service here, have been reported to you as available for carrying sick and well. I am sending off all that can be unloaded at Fort Monroe, to have them return here. I repeat that I have lost no time in carrying out your orders.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Commanding U. S. Army.

On the same day I received the following from the quartermaster in charge of the depot:

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Harrison's Landing, August 11, 1862.

COLONEL: In reply to the communication from General Marcy, which was referred to me by you, I have to state that there are now in this harbor no disposable trans-

