
pany G by Lieutenant Louis Fitzgerald, and Company I by Lieutenant George M. Bennett.

Lieutenants Fitzgerald and Gesner, who conducted themselves with great coolness and bravery in the engagement, were both badly wounded.

I desire to make special mention of Acting Major N. A. Gesner and Adjt. August J. Warner, both of whom exhibited the coolness and skill of veterans. In fact, all the officers engaged acquitted themselves handsomely in this engagement.

The humane services performed by Rev. William H. Gilder, chaplain of the regiment, during and after the engagement, deserve especial notice. The state of his health at the time would have fully justified his absence from the field, yet, though his labors in connection with the wounded frequently brought him under fire, he fearlessly and zealously performed them until every wounded man, the enemy's as well as our own, had been carried off the field and provided for.

To Asst. Surg. C. E. Halsey great praise is also due for the prompt and skillful manner in which he performed the severe and responsible duties of his profession on this occasion.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

T. W. EGAN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fortieth Regiment N. Y. S. Vols.

Captain G. W. MINDIL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Birney's Brigade.

Numbers 65. Report of Brigadier General Hiram G. Berry,

U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS BERRY'S BRIGADE, Kearny's Division, June 1, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Yesterday morning, in obedience to orders, I moved my brigade from its camping ground, some 3 miles below, to the vicinity of these works, where we bivouacked at 12 m. I placed the Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Riordan commanding (Colonel Hayman having been previously detailed by yourself as division officer of the day), in the works along the sides (west and north). At 1 o'clock I received an order from your headquarters to place my entire command in rear of the intrenchments. I had scarcely got my men into their several positions when I received an order from your headquarters to have one regiment placed in the woods on the left of the Williamsburg road on our front. I ordered out the Third Michigan, Colonel Champlin, for that purpose, preceded by 50 sharpshooters detailed from the regiment and under the command of Captain Judd. This regiment I moved across the plain, when I received an order to move the balance of my brigade to the front; also to send for all my men then on other duties in the field to report to their commander at the front. The Fifth Michigan, Colonel Terry, followed the Third Michigan, the Thirty-seventh New York following the Fifth Michigan.

The Second Michigan, Colonel Poe, was on picket duty. I ordered the colonel to concentrate his regiment on the right flank and hold it in readiness to move to the front. On my order Colonel Poe sent forward

