
Colonel Terry and Major Fairbanks, of the Fifth Michigan, both displayed their accustomed bravery. Their regiment fought well and gallantly, and fully maintained their previous reputation gained at Williamsburg. Colonel Poe makes honorable mention of Lieutenant-Colonel Williams and Adjt. R. H. Mahon, and I wish to add Major Dillman, who it will be remembered commanded two companies on the flank of the Thirty-seventh New York. Colonel Hayman fought his regiment mostly under the eye of the division general. I would therefore refer you to Colonel Hayman's official report. Colonel Hayman mentions as worthy of special notice Lieutenant James Henry, adjutant; also Captain J. R. O'Beirne, Lieutenant W. C. Green, and P. J. Smith.

It will be seen that the list of missing in my brigade is very small. The withdrawal of my men under the circumstances was accomplished without much loss. I with to accord great credit to Lieutenant-Colonel Stevens, of Third Michigan, for valuable services rendered in getting a portion of the men of the Third and Fifth Regiments well off the ground after our retreat was made difficult. The men of these regiments were unwilling to leave the ground they had won, and it was not until they had fired their last cartridges and all they could obtain from the boxes of the killed and wounded that they were willing to fall back. Being accustomed to the woods, they came into the camp in order and without losing any men as prisoners. Father Peter Tissot, chaplain of the Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, was in the engagement, and rendered valuable service to his regiment. He had his horse killed under him. He was also in the thickest of the engagement at Williamsburg. I take great pleasure in commending him to the general of the division as in every way a worthy and model chaplain.

I would call the attention of the general of the division to the uniform good conduct of the surgeons of this brigade. They have been very attentive and industrious in rendering to those of my command who were wounded the aid so necessary. The brigade is indeed fortunate in having the services of so good a board of surgeons.

I feel particularly the loss of my accomplished and brave assistant adjutant-general, Captain Smith. A more gallant man did not exist. He fell while nobly discharging his duty.

Respectfully submitted.

H. G. BERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain W. E. STURGES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 66. Report of Colonel Orlando M. Poe,

Second Michigan Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND MICHIGAN VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Seven Pines, Va., June 1, 1862.

SIR: I have to report that yesterday at about 12 m., my regiment being on picket duty, I received an order, through the division officer of the day, requiring me to move the regiment by its right flank a considerable distance, and to take up a new position for a line of outposts. While engaged in doing this I received an order from General Berry in person to concentrate the regiment upon its right flank and hold myself in readiness to move into action at a moment's notice. The regiment was concentrated as rapidly as possible, but re-enforcements be-

