
tion in rear of the redoubt upon our right, which was at once immediately complied with. We remained in this position but a short time, when we took up the line of march across the fields and parallel with the Williamsburg road, hastening as rapidly as possible toward the point where our troops had for some time previously been actively engaged. The distance, being about 1 1/2 miles from the redoubt to the scene of action, was soon passed over, when Colonel Champlin received your instructions to lead his regiment at once into action-deploying at the same time in line of battle upon the left of the road, our right wing resting upon an abatis, while the left was thrown forward at a double-quick into a thicket of pines.

The engagement now became general, and it was with great difficulty that our corps of sharpshooters, under command of Captain Judd, and the five right companies of our regiment could penetrate this mass of fallen timber and dislodge the enemy from their strong position; but the steady and cool behavior of our men, and with the telling effect of the deadly aim of their rifles, soon compelled them to fall back, while our regiment pressed forward, charging through this fallen timber and driving the enemy beyond the fence in the rear of the camp of General Palmer's brigade, some 80 rods distant, where they again formed and made another stand. It was during this time that Colonel Champlin received a severe wound in the hip, which prevented him from taking further part in the actin, and with his orders I now proceeded to rally the different companies of the regiment together in line for the purpose of again pressing forward and dislodging the enemy from his new position. While thus engaged the Fifth Michigan Regiment came up, and at the same time the order that they were to relieve us. Accordingly our regiment was ordered to remain at a halt, while the Fifth Michigan pushed forward and engaged the enemy. With your instruction we now advanced in support of this regiment, and during the remainder of the action the two regiments fought bravely side by side.

It was now about 4 o'clock p. m., and while the contest was as determined as ever, it was discovered that our ammunition was nearly expended, when Major Pierce, of our regiment, volunteered to undertake the task of procuring ammunition and further orders, which had now become hazardous, as there seemed to be a disposition of the enemy to turn both our right and left flanks. It was now about 5.30 o'clock p. m. The enemy crowding the forces back who were engaged upon our right, we found ourselves, together with the remnants of the Fifth Michigan and Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, isolated from our forces upon either flank. It was deemed proper by the senior officers present of the different regiments to withdraw to the rear, and I, being the senior officer present upon the ground, gave the order to fall back slowly from the field, which had now become hopeless for us to attempt to hold for the night, owing to the want of ammunition, which was done in good order, returning to the camp about 9 o'clock p. m.

In making this hasty report I have not time to particularize, as it would be impossible; as all, both officers and men, did their duty nobly. I cannot close this report, however, without mentioning the coolness and good conduct of Majors Pierce and Fairbanks-the former for gallant services rendered while in command of the left wing of our regiment, and to the latter for his great assistance rendered to me while retiring from the field. I also beg leave to call your attention to the gallant Captain Judd, who fell while bravely leading our sharpshooters in the early part of the action. He was one of the bravest of the brave. His loss will be deeply regretted by the regiment and all who knew him.

