
The following is a list of casualties among our officers so far as heard from.*

We have in the course of preparation a more minute report of the loss of our regiment, which will be handed in at the earliest moment.

Hoping the report may be satisfactory, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Third Michigan Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General H. G. BERRY,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 68. Report of Colonel Henry D. Terry,

Fifth Michigan Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT MICHIGAN INFANTRY, Camp near Allen's, 9 miles from Richmond, Va., June 1, 1862.

GENERAL: Your acting assistant adjutant-general, Captain Smith, having been killed in the engagement, I have the honor to report to you personally the part taken in the battle of yesterday near the Seven Pines by this regiment. In pursuance of orders from your headquarters the regiment left camp for the scene of action about 3 o'clock p. m., and in about half an hour entered the woods at the point directed and under you personal guidance, with orders to support the Third Michigan Regiment, already engaged some 400 yards to the front. After getting into the woods the regiment was formed in line of battle and moved forward, and in a few moments came up with the Third Michigan, at a halt. They had ceased firing.

On stating to the major of that regiment, who was the only field officer near me at the time, we were ordered to support his regiment, he replied that they were waiting for orders. I instantly ordered the Fifth forward and passed the Third, with the exception of two or parts of two or more companies of the Third, who advanced with us. Soon we came upon the enemy and opened on him a severe fire, which had the effect to drive him back. The regiment moved forward, halting and firing, until the standing woods on our front was clear of the enemy, who retired somewhat to the right into a "slashing," as it is called-a sort of abatis of fallen timber adjoining to and between us and a camp which had been occupied that morning by some of the troops of General Casey's or General Couch's division.

The enemy's fire from the slashing was very rapid and told upon our men with terrible effect, yet not one of them shrank from his duty or gave ground to the enemy. Twice were re-enforcements sent into the slashing by the enemy. Our cartridges ran low, and the boxes of the dead and wounded were opened and furnished a limited supply, which enabled us to continue the fire, though sparingly, until about sundown, when, fortunately for us, the firing from the slashing ceased and all was silent.

Instantly was heard very regular and rapid discharges of musketry nearly a mile in our rear, and at or about the point where we had first entered the woods. Finding the enemy thus in our rear, our ammuni-

---------------

*Nominal list omitted shows loss of 26 killed, 112 wounded, and 27 missing. But see revised statement, p. 760.

---------------

