
tion expended, no troops to support us, daylight fast disappearing, I directed the troops quietly to withdraw. We retired to the right and rear through the swamp, and I reached camp with the last of the regiment (Company H, under Lieutenant Wakenshaw) at nearly 8.30 o'clock in the evening. I learned the same evening that the firing we had heard in our rear toward dark was an engagement between some companies of the Second Michigan Regiment and the enemy in large force.

The regiment went into the action with less than 330 officers and men. As far as ascertained our loss is as follows: Killed, 29; wounded, 112; missing, 15; total, 156.* It is feared that most of the missing will be found to have been killed or wounded.

Among the killed are Captain Louis B. Quackenbush, Company H, and First Lieutenant Charles H. Hutchins, the adjutant of the regiment. They died where brave men ever die-at their post of duty. It will not be disparaging to any others to say that a truer soldier or a brave officer does not live than was Captain Quackenbush.

Captain Charles H. Travers, commanding Company E, was severely, and I fear mortally, wounded in the chest near the close of the engagement. He too, who probably will never march again, was a model soldier on the battle-field. It is enough to say of him that he, like each and every commandant of a company that day, did his duty. Captain George W. Wilson, commanding Company G, was slightly wounded in the shoulder, but will be able to resume his duties in a few days. First Lieutenant John J. Knox, commanding Company D, was severely wounded in the throat, but it is believed he will recover.

The left of the line was more particularly under the eye of Major Fairbanks, who from first to last did his whole duty with great energy and gallantry. He states to me that so far as he observed all on the left seemed to vie with each other in steadiness and courage.

I cannot close this report without bearing testimony to the bravery and good conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Stevens, of the Third Michigan Regiment, who remained with a few of his troops with my command to the close of the action.

I will send in a full list of killed, wounded, and missing at once.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

H. D. TERRY,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Michigan Regiment.

Brigadier General H. G. BERRY.

Numbers 69. Report of Colonel Samuel B. Hayman,

Thirty-seventh New York Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS., Camp

------

, June 2, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, agreeably to instructions from brigade headquarters, the part performed by my regiment in the action which occurred on the 31st ultimo:

The regiment moved from our last encampment to the one now occupied by the brigade early on the morning of that day. I was engaged as division officer of the day, under the orders of General Kearny, in

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 760.

---------------

