
in hand, threw themselves at the head of regiments; also Captain Urban, assistant adjutant-general to General Abercrombie. Lieutenant Edwards notified me of the proximity of General Sumner. Lieutenant Burt's horse was killed by a cannon-ball and himself severely injured while carrying an important message to General Keyes, and though cut off from me, continued on duty and succeeded in getting to me valuable information of the position of Generals Heintzelman and Keyes. Lieutenant Eccleston, an officer of great courage, did signal service, yet it was in part of such a nature that it is not deemed advisable to place it on record. He has my thanks. Lieutenant Smith, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, served me faithfully. I am greatly indebted to General Abercrombie for advice. His report accompanying this speaks for itself. The surgeons of the division did their duty well, some more conspicuously than others. Captains Walsh and Quackenbos, Thirty-sixth New York, acted with great gallantry. Scores of the officers did the same; but when regiments behave so well and accomplish so much as those of this division the list of brave officers and of men distinguished for courage would be too large for the limits of this report.

It is to be regretted that General Devens and Colonel Briggs could not furnish me with me with their reports. The Sixty-first Pennsylvania has as yet furnished none.

I respectfully request that the reports of the regimental and battery commanders may be forwarded to the War Department, that the sections from which the regiments came may know what their soldiers did.

I am, very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

D. N. COUCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 72. Report of Major Robert M. West,

Chief of Artillery.

HDQRS. 1ST PA. LIGHT ARTY., COUCH'S DIV., 4TH A. C., Camp near Seven Pines, Va., June 5, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit herewith the reports of Captains Flood, McCarthy, and Miller, detailing the operations of those batteries during the engagement of the 31st ultimo at Seven Pines.

When the division in front first engaged the enemy I was at Fair Oaks, on the right, superintending the erection of an earthwork for Brady's battery, and consequently was not present to give the preliminary orders. Coming as quickly as possible from Fair Oaks to Seven Pines, I found the batteries being harnessed and everything prepared for action. The batteries opened fire at 2.30 p. m. by direction of General Keyes, and continued with regularity and precision during the engagement. The fire was directed against the enemy's line as they advanced from the woods in front of General Casey's position, against the artillery coming into position in the clearing there, and later into the slashing in our front over the heads of our own infantry. Flood and McCarthy were operating under my own observation at the cross-roads, while Miller was to the right and in rear of the rifle pits, with supports in the pits and on his right flank.

