
Nothing occurred to interrupt or divert our fire until about 4.30 p. m., when we took up a position about 100 yards retired, to afford more room for disposing of the re-enforcements which were now coming in. At about this time Miller, who was operating to the right and advanced from the batteries of Flood and McCarthy, was set upon by a heavy body of the enemy, who forced back his supports a short distance and imperiled his guns. He succeeded, however, in driving the enemy back with canister and bringing his battery off in good order to the point where I now had Flood and McCarthy in position. In this position the three batteries continued their fire. The enemy's fire was well directed, but mostly too high; nevertheless he damaged us considerably. We succeeded in silencing all of his guns but three, and held our position until about 6 o'clock. At this time our supports, had gone forward into action and the infantry on our right was losing ground. McCarthy's battery had suffered most. He had one piece disabled. Our infantry were losing ground on the right, and deeming it possible that our right flank might give way, in which case the batteries would be in great jeopardy, the order was given to retire beyond the woods, there to await orders. I rode to General Keyes, commanding, to report that the artillery had gone out of action. The general directed that it should return. I thereupon ordered Flood up to his second position. He came in good style and opened fire. A New York battery (one of Casey's) came up at the same time and went into battery on the left of Flood. These two batteries continued to fire for about half an hour, when the New York battery withdrew. Flood remained in position, firing until the infantry retired. Then he withdrew in good order in column of pieces (owing to the nature of the road), his cannoneers at their posts.

Thus ended the operations of this artillery for that day. General Keyes, commanding Fourth Corps, placed the artillery in position at the commencement, and continued principally to direct its firings and changes of position throughout the engagement. Much execution was done by our firing. In noted numbers of fine shots. In one instance a piece brought into position in the road was rendered useless by a percussion shell from McCarthy's battery, and a case-shot immediately after disabled a majority of the detachment which was trying to take the piece away. In Flood's battery the firing was also good and very regular. Miller, on the right, with his light 12-pounders, rendered most excellent service, firing case-shot and shell, and it has been conclusively shown that whole rows of the enemy were moved down by a discharge of canister from a section of his guns. It is a source of deep regret that McCarthy was not able to bring away his disabled piece (a 10-pounder Parrott). It became isolated and disabled, and was abandoned after repeated efforts being made to bring it away. Our loss was not great when the length of time during which we were under fire is considered.

I report 2 men killed, 6 men wounded, 14 horses killed.

I am glad to report the good conduct of my officers and men. All stood bravely up to their work, and with a coolness and determination which promises well for the next fight. I cannot name any individual without making unjust distinctions. All had equal chances, and all acquitted themselves equally well.

I have heard a good account of Brady's battery, although nothing official has reached me up to the hour of closing this report. He was with General Couch in the vicinity of Fair Oaks, and I am reliably

