
informed that his battery, especially Lieutenant Fagan's section, performed important service there.

I have the honor to be, captain, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

ROB'T M. WEST,

Major, Chief of Artillery, First Division, Fourth Corps.

P. S.-Since the foregoing was penned Captain Brady's report reached me, and is herewith inclosed. It speaks for itself. By this report the wounded of my command is increased to 12, and the number of horses killed, wounded, and disabled to 24.

Very respectfully,

ROB'T M. WEST,

Major and Chief of Artillery.

Captain FRANCIS A. WALKER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 73. Report of Captain Jeremiah McCarthy, Battery C,

First Pennsylvania Light Artillery.

HDQRS. BATTERY C, FIRST PENNSYLVANIA ARTILLERY, June 3, 1862.

SIR: I herewith submit the following report of my battery in the late engagement of the 31st of May:

Shortly after 1 o'clock p. m. on the 31st day of May I was ordered by General Couch to harness up and have my battery in readiness at a moment's warning, which order was promptly obeyed. Shortly afterward General Keyes ordered me to send one section of my battery to report to General Peck and the other to take a position alongside of the road, which was immediately done. General Peck, not thinking it a safe place for the section, ordered it to go back and report to General Keyes, who gave orders from it to take a position on our camp ground, near the woods.

At 2.30 o'clock I opened fire with my whole battery, and keeping it up without intermission, doing good execution. About 5 o'clock the enemy were pressing on my left with their infantry and at times pouring a most deadly volley into us, but without any serious injury. Fearing that they would charge on us, I ordered the battery to limber to the rear, and too my position about 50 yards to the right and rear. I then ordered the men to fire as rapidly as possible at the enemy's battery and the infantry that were supporting it. I would have fired into the woods immediately on my left, but knowing that some of our own regiments were in there, I feared it would be doing more injury than good.

After I was in my last position about fifteen minutes the enemy seemed to concentrate their fire upon my battery, the shells striking my men and horses and breaking rammers, &amp;c. My men by this time were greatly fatigued, nearly all hands working in their shirt-sleeves. I kept my battery there as long as I though it was safe, the guns being so hot that they burned the thumb-stalls while on the men's thumbs. Several cartridges were also singed whilst they were being put in the pieces. I then limbered three guns to the rear and retreated back to the next field. The fourth gun could not be limbered, on account of

