
the lunette being mashed by one of the enemy's shells. My men were at their posts and fought with the most determined bravery. To the best of my knowledge we were fighting between four and five hours.

I could not keep an accurate account of the projectiles, fuse, &amp;c., as requested by the chief of artillery, as we were so busily engaged. Number of projectiles fired was nearly 500.*

* * * * * * *

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JEREMIAH McCARTHY,

Captain, Commanding Battery C, First Pennsylvania Artillery.

Major R. M. WEST,

Commanding Regiment, and Chief of Artillery, Couch's Division.

Numbers 74. Report of Captain Edward H. Flood,

Battery D, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery.

SIR: In obedience to orders I submit the following report:

On Saturday, May 31, at about 1.30 o'clock, I was ordered to harness by General Couch. Before the harnessing was completed the enemy opened fire in our front of both artillery and musketry. After completing my harnessing I remained in the position I occupied for some fifteen minutes, when I was ordered by General Keyes, commanding Fourth Corps, to bring my guns in position in a line parallel with the road in front of our camp and on the right of the main road, so that my left gun would command that road, which I did. We held that position for about thirty minutes without firing, and until the artillery in front of us, belonging to General Casey's division, fell back. I then opened fire on the enemy, first firing percussion shell at an elevation of 3 1/2 with good effect. After firing some 15 rounds from each gun I found that the enemy had changed their position, which you, sir, also remarking, ordered me to increase my elevation to 4 1/2 and fire spherical case, which I did.

We held this position for about two hours in all, and I believe did good execution, when I was ordered to cease firing, the enemy having my exact range, and change my position some 100 yards in rear of the position I then held. The order to cease firing was very necessary at the time, as my guns were getting too warm to continue firing with safety. Whilst in my first position I had 1 man killed and 1 wounded. I had also three wheels broken by the fire from the enemy's artillery. The shot that broke the wheel of the limber of my right piece also wounded the driver of the wheel-horses and tore the canteen from the side of the cannoneer acting as Numbers 7. This I saw as it passed under my own eyes. We kept our second position for about an hour, firing spherical case at 4 1/2 elevation, when, my guns getting too warm to work, I retired, by order of General Heintzelman, behind the wood in rear of our camp, and there awaited further orders.

Shortly after 5 o'clock your ordered me to again advance my battery to the position last occupied before falling back and open fire, which I did. The advance of the enemy were then some 600 or 700 yards in advance of my position, and our infantry between my battery and them.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties embodied in return, p. 761.

---------------

