
I therefore gave orders to fire at 2 elevation with spherical case, and continued firing at that elevation until forced to retire by our infantry falling back on us so close that to fire at all would injure our own men. I then fell back to the position occupied by my battery in our old camp previous to our advance on the 28th instant.

The conduct of both officers and men of my battery was excellent. Every man stood to his gun like a veteran, and as eager to advance the last time as they were to engage the enemy at first. I cannot, therefore, mention any one in particular, more than to say that both lieutenants, Dougherty and Hall, together with the drivers and cannoneers, were prompt to execute all orders received and were as cool as if on drill; in fact, I have seen the enlisted men not near so collected on drill as they were while the shots of the enemy were falling about them.

The list of casualties was as follows: John Sharpless, killed; William W. Breen, wounded in the foot, slightly. I also had three horses killed, lost two sets of lead harness and one set of horse equipments; also three wheels broken. I was also forced to abandon all my men's knapsacks, containing their clothing, together with the curry-combs, brushes, &amp;c., belonging to the battery.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

EDWARD H. FLOOD,

Captain, Commanding Battery D, First Penn. Vol. Arty.

Major R. M. WEST,

Chief of Artillery, Brigadier General Couch's Division.

Numbers 75. Report of Captain Theodore Miller,

Battery E, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR SEVEN PINES, VA., June 3, 1862.

SIR: According to instructions received I have the honor to transmit the following report relative to the engagement with the rebels on the 31st of May:

About 1.30 o'clock p. m. I, perceiving the division in front attacked by an apparently strong force of the enemy, prepared my battery for action. At about 2 o'clock, seeing plainly the direction of the fire of the enemy, I opened fire, directing it to the right and front of me, using spherical case-shot, the distance about 900 yards, elevating the pieces 2 1/2. This distance, elevation, and projectile used I think proved effective, for after about ten minutes' firing the musketry in that direction slackened, and some well-directed shells, I think 12-pounder howitzer, exploded in my battery. I thereupon changed position about 200 yards to the right and opened a cross-fire at the same elevation and direction as stated before.

All this time shell upon shell exploded at the place a few minutes before occupied by my battery. This new position I occupied for about twenty minutes, when the fire of the enemy's artillery ceased. I at once returned to my former position and changed limbers, the ammunition suitable being all expended and recommenced firing.

About this time I saw a regiment of infantry enter the woods to my

