
left, but almost at the same moment a murderous fire was opened on them from within the woods, some of the balls passing through and over my battery. I ordered my left section to load with canister, which was barely done when a large body of rebel infantry came pressing out of the woods. The canister was poured into them at about 350 yards from my battery, and when the smoke had cleared away I perceived that besides the canister doing its usual work not a single rebel could be seen in that direction. Again the enemy opened his artillery on me, this time assisted by a large force of infantry, and I perceived likewise that the infantry supporting me in the commencement of the battle had changed position away from my battery. I therefore changed position once more, this time to the left and about 100 yards to the rear of my first position, changed ammunition-chests, and recommenced firing.

I was joined here by Flood's and McCarthy's batteries, and our united fire continued for upward of one hour; the distance fired at 750 yards to the left and front, using spherical case-shot and shell. During the last part of the fight I was compelled to use solid shot, my other ammunition being expended. It was about 6 o'clock p. m. when I retired from the field, McCarthy's battery retiring first, Flood's next, and I followed Flood. The wheels of my limbers and caissons and the axles of my pieces are more or less injured by musket-balls and pieces of shell, but none were disabled.

My casualties, I am happy to say, are trifling, for besides having 2 men (Privates Kempher and Lyman) temporarily disabled, the former by a splinter and the latter by the falling of a horse, and 5 horses killed, not a single man was lost.

The amount of ammunition expended is as follows: One hundred and ninety-two rounds of spherical case-shot, 40 rounds of shell, 6 rounds of canister, 10 rounds of solid shot.

The men of my battery behaved splendidly. To name individuals is impossible. One and all did their duty nobly. Both of my subalterns being sick (one present and the other absent) I was ably assisted by the regimental adjutant, Lieutenant Joseph Benson, who volunteered his services. General Keyes had my battery under his eye constantly and approved all my dispositions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. MILLER,

Captain, First Pennsylvania Artillery, Commanding Battery E.

To the ADJT. OF THE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

First Division, Fourth Army Corps, Virginia.

Numbers 76. Report of Brigadier General John J. Peck,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations May 29-June 1.

PECK'S HEADQUARTERS, Intrenched Camp, near Seven Pines, Va., June 2, 1862.

On moving to the Seven Pines on the 29th of May I was ordered to occupy and guard the left flank of the encampment with my command, this being regarded as the weaker point of the line. The greater part of the day was occupied in making extensive reconnaissances in the

