
repelling a charge upon one of the batteries. His bearing on this occasion, like that at the battle of Williamsburg, was marked by great coolness and unflinching determination.

Lieutenant John E. Rogers, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, was a promising officer, and fell gallantly breasting the storm.

The following-named officers were wounded, and deserve mention for their honorable conduct, viz: Captain John W. Patterson, Captain Thomas McLaughin, Adjt. Joseph Browne, Lieutenant William B. Kenny, of One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers; Adjt. Leon Cuvillier, Captain J. S. Pfaumuller, Lieuts. J. Arnould, L. Israels, and Kramm, of Fifty fifth New York Volunteers; Captain A. C. Maitland, Captain Eli Dougherty, and Captain J. M. Mark, of the Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant M. McCarter, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, was probably taken prisoner and is doubtless safe.

The accompanying paper presents the names of killed, wounded, and missing. It is a long list of meritorious and brave men. They fought well, and their country will never be unmindful of their faithful and patriotic services.

Colonels Rowley and McCarter (both badly wounded) and Lieutenant-Colonels Thourot and Nevin maneuvered their commands with skill, exhibiting most commendable alacrity, cheering and leading their men on to the combat. Rowley would not quit his regiment and McCarter had two horses wounded. Major Dayton, Sixty-second New York Volunteers; Major Jehl and Captain Tissot, Fifty-fifth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Kinkead, Major Poland, Captains Fullwood and McLaughlin, Lieutenants Patchell, Read, and Dain, of the One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers; Captain Arthur and Adjutant Lewis, of the Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, were distinguished for their energy, coolness, and bravery under very trying circumstances. The gallant Captain McFarland, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers (very ill), was twice taken by the enemy and retaken by our troops. He came in with the wounded colonel and six men of the Sixth South Carolina Regiment as prisoners.

The officers of the medical department are entitled to the gratitude of all for their self-sacrificing and untiring devotion to the wounded.

Major West, of the Pennsylvania Artillery, I take especial satisfaction in commending for valuable services.

Privates W. C. Wall, jr., and John Aiken, jr., are mentioned favorably by their regimental commander.

Brigade Surg. S. R. Haven, Lieuts. Silas Titus and Daniel Lodor, jr., aides; Quartermaster Schultze, Commissary M. J. Green, and Mr. S. Wilkeson, of New York, who volunteered his services, were constantly employed in the transmission and execution of orders involving great personal risk.

Captain William H. Morris, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Charles R. Stirling, aide, deserve particular mention for gallant conduct with the One hundred and second and Ninety-third Pennsylvania Regiments in the rapid and bold advance on the right. The horses of both officers were wounded.

My horse fell with me after the third of fourth round, and no other being at hand Lieutenant Stirling dismounted and tendered me his own, which I was soon obliged to accept.

Considering the disadvantages of the position, the smallness of the force at hand, the suddenness of the attack on several vital points with overwhelming numbers, and the fact that portions of the field were not taken by the enemy and that the whole was soon recovered, this

