
State Volunteers, joined in with our regiment, and rendered very good service.

Your obedient servant,

DAVID J. NEVIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixty-second Regiment N. Y. S. Vols.

General JOHN J. PECK.

Numbers 79. Report of Captain John E. Arthur,

Ninety-third Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. NINETY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA REGIMENT, Camp

------

, Va., June 2, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders received from brigade headquarters on Saturday, May 31, 1862, the Ninety-third Pennsylvania Regiment their camp at Seven Pines at 1 o'clock p. m. to take position in an open field some 500 yards in advance of their old camp. They were under the command of Colonel J. M. McCarter, assisted by Captain J. E. Arthur as lieutenant-colonel and Adjutant Lewis as major. After the regiment being formed in line of battle heavy firing was heard on our right. By direction of General Peck three companies of the Ninety-third, under the command of Adjutant Lewis, were posted along by the road to the right of the regiment. From this line a clear view could be had of the clearing in front, together with the woods on the right and left. After a few minutes the entire regiment was ordered to the extreme left of General Casey's division, being compelled to force their was through a thick woods to attain that point.

Upon coming into position, and in fact before the men could be thrown into line, the enemy, who were in overwhelming force in front, opened a heavy fire. This was answered in good style, and evidently with great effect, by the Ninety-third. After holding this position for nearly an hour our regiment was compelled to fall back a distance of 30 yards, where they again opened fire. From skirmishers who had been thrown out from our left we found that the enemy had outflanked us at that point. This was the occasion for the regiment falling back, which we continued to do, fighting to each halt, until the enemy were upon our extreme left. This position was held until the enemy again flanked us on the left, when we retired to a distance of 150 yards to a road running through the woods. The Ninety-third formed on this road to prevent a farther advance of the enemy.

After remaining in this position for some time two regiments of the enemy were seen coming toward our right at a double-quick, and knowing that a force of the enemy was on our left, and General Casey's center falling back at the same time, the Ninety-third were compelled to retire, though in good order, to the position first occupied by them. By direction of General Peck the regiment was placed in line on the left of the One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers on the edge of the woods on the right of the first position. We remained in this position for a short time, engaged in throwing up breastworks of logs and brush as a protection against the enemy's fire, whom we expected every moment to advance from the woods in front. From this position the One hundred and second and Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers were rapidly pushed forward to the right of General Casey's

