
line, being compelled to attain their position to pass through a perfect storm of shell and bullets. Upon attaining their position the Ninety third opened a heavy fire upon the enemy who were in front. At this point the enemy's fire was hotter than at any other along the line. The enemy's force was much larger than our own, and they pushed forward in a most determined manner. The Ninety-third maintained their position until nearly all their ammunition was exhausted, when they were ordered to fall back a short distance to a ravine, where they made another stand, and remained until they expended the remainder of their ammunition. They then very unwillingly retired to the woods, where they took position, being unable to make longer fight except by the bayonet. The remnant of the regiment was formed in the rear of the rifle pits, where they still remain.

During the fight the horse of Colonel McCarter was killed and the colonel himself wounded. General Heintzelman supplied him with a second, which was also shot. He was a second time wounded by a shell from the enemy, and had since been sent home unfit for duty. Adjutant Lewis' horse was also shot under him. One commissioned officer was killed, 1 mortally wounded, 3 wounded, and 1 is missing, supposed to have been made prisoner.

The officers and men throughout the regiment displayed great gallantry and are deserving of all praise. Many of our killed and wounded we were compelled to leave on the field, the enemy pushing forward so fast and in such overwhelming numbers that we were unable to get them off. Accompanying is as correct a list of the killed, wounded, and missing as I am able to furnish at present. Parties are now out in search of the bodies of their comrades, and when they report I will be able to give a correct list.*

I have the honor to be, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

J. E. ARTHUR,

Captain, Commanding Ninety-third Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain W. H. MORRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Peck's Brigade.

Numbers 80. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph M. Kinkead,

One hundred and second Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. 102nd (OLD 13TH) Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., Intrenched Camp, near Seven Pines, Va., June 3, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on Saturday morning, May 31, this regiment received permission to remove its camp to a more pleasant location, where water and pure air were more accessible than that which we occupied near brigade headquarters. Scarcely, however, had our shelter-tents been erected and preparations made for making ourselves comfortable when sharp firing was heard on the right, apparently in front of Casey's division. The regiment instinctively formed in line of battle, and was moved by Colonel Rowley to the edge of the wood to our right facing northward, in position to enfilade the enemy on their right. Three companies were deployed as skirmishers, under command of Major Poland, to feel the enemy.

---------------

*See p. 761.

---------------

