
forated by the enemy's balls, safe to camp; to Sergt. E. Anderson, who bore the old regimental flag triumphantly after it had been perforated by a grape-shot; to Corpl. Isaac B. Curry, who was severely wounded while standing by the colors; to Sergt. William Kuhns, of Company C, who, after being shot through the leg (which has since been amputated), lay on the ground, took deliberate aim, and fired at the advancing enemy; to Privates W. C. Wall, jr., and John Aiken, jr., of Company M, two of the youngest soldiers bearing arms in the regiment (known in their own company as the "Ponies"), standing in a most exposed position in the center of the road, firing deliberately whenever they could "draw a bead" to perfection, and careful not to waste ammunition.

The three companies detached under Major Poland were handled admirably. After the advance of the enemy had passed the line they occupied they were withdrawn in a southeasterly direction, and recrossed the swamp south of the field, with every man except Captain McFarland, of Company L, who was so unwell as to be unable to keep up with his company. He was taken prisoner and retaken twice by our men, and finally wandered across the battle-field and returned to camp through the picket of the Fourth Maine Regiment near the railroad, bringing with him as prisoner the wounded colonel of the Sixth South Carolina Regiment, borne by six of his men.

Adjt. Joe Browne received a blow on the side, which, although not accounted for in the list of casualties, may yet prove a serious inconvenience in the performance of his duties.

After an inspection of the regiment and hearing the verbal reports of the different company and detachment commanders, I am perfectly satisfied that the One hundred and second or old Thirteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers did all that was expected of it, and, in Western steamboat parlance, will on all occasions "do to tie to."

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. KINKEAD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding One hundred and second Regiment Pa. Vols.

Captain W. H. MORRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 81. Reports of Brigadier General John J. Abercrombie,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE, Camp near Fair Oaks Station, Va., June 5, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose herewith copies of the reports of the regimental commanders in this brigade of the battles at Seven Pines and Fair Oaks Station, May 31 and June 1, 1862. No field officer of the Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers is left to make out the report of that regiment, and I therefore simply attach a statement of casualties.

At 12 o'clock m., May 31, I received notice to warm the men to fall in at a moment's notice. The position of the different regiments was at the time as follows: First Long Island Volunteers,* Colonel Adams, in rear of the rifle pits near Seven Pines, on the Richmond road; Twenty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Neill, and First U. S. Chasseurs,+

---------------

*Sixty-seventh New York Infantry.

+Sixty-fifth New York Infantry.

---------------

