
Our right rested on the left of Colonel Sully's Minnesota regiment, and our left on the right of the Thirty-first Pennsylvania. The men took their places immediately behind the rail fence by which the wood was skirted, and, the enemy coming in sight, opened their fire upon them at about 25 yards distance. This fire was continued two and a half hours, and until the enemy was effectually repulsed. During this time the fire of the men was steady, continuous, and accurate, as I have reason to suppose from the very numerous dead found subsequently in the front of our lines. The standard-bearer of the Twenty-second North Carolina Regiment was killed by our fire, and during the night the battle-flag of that regiment was found by our men on the field in front of the regiment where its bearer fell.

The regiment slept on their arms that night in their position, and daylight of the following morning advanced in line of battle at right angles with their last position through the woods previously held by the enemy to the position which they now hold.

Lieutenant-Colonel Shaler evinced during the entire action that presence of mind and military ability for which he is so highly reputed. The conduct of Major Hamblin entitles him to great praise. The conduct of the commissioned officers was uniformly creditable. To distinguish among them is impossible, and if possible were invidious. To the rank and file is due the award of superior steadiness, the coolness of veterans. and their excellence.

The casualties were as follows: Killed, 7 (1 bayoneted while sick in camp); wounded, 24.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN COCHRANE,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain URBAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Abercrombie's Brigade.

Numbers 83. Report of Colonel Julius W. Adams,

Sixty-seventh New York Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST LONG ISLAND VOLUNTEERS, June 3, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of the First Regiment Long Island Volunteers since the morning of the 31st of May:

We were posted in line of battle about noon of that day by orders from brigade headquarters in the rear of the rifle pits which cover the cleared elevation upon which the camp at that was pitched, and to support Miller's light battery, placed a short distance in the rear of our left flank, with its left resting on the Richmond road. My right rested on the swamp and pine woods, which extended some distance to the north of our position and which skirted the road leading to the Fair Oaks railroad station. This road was about 100 yards in our rear and in front of the woods which extended along its length to its junction with the Richmond road, near which point the light battery was posted. The cleared field was quite limited, being less than five acres in extent.

Shortly after 1 o'clock p. m. the enemy opened his attack upon General Casey's troops in our front and screened from view by a belt of

