
left the hospital, and not being able to join his regiment, served with Company F during the day in a very gallant manner.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS W. ADAMS,

Colonel First Long Island Volunteers.

Captain URBAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Abercrombie's Brigade.

Numbers 84. Report of Colonel Thomas H. Neill,

Twenty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.

NEAR FAIR OAKS STATION, VA., May 31, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at 1.30 o'clock p. m. on the 31st day of May, 1862, the Twenty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers was ordered to take post on the right of the Long Island Regiment, support Casey's division, and feel the enemy to the front. This was done immediately. A regiment of Casey's division (I think the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers) was in front of us. It went in to drive the enemy through of Casey's position, and was driven out. The Twenty-third then charged into the woods and drove the enemy through to the position originally occupied by our pickets on quently General Couch, commanding division, returned and ordered the Twenty-third into the woods again. We went in, and did not encounter the enemy until we saw him drawn up in line of battle in masses, with batteries in position to bring a cross-fire upon the salient angle of the woods. General Couch led to the front in person. Being entirely unsupported, the Twenty-third was obliged to retire fighting before the overpowering numbers of the enemy, in order to prevent their seizing our colors and capturing the greatly-diminished numbers of our officers and men. This was done in good order under a withering fire of shell, shot, and musketry.

A mass of the rebels caused us to move to the left to cross the abatis and take shelter under the nearest troops. Here a murderous fire was opened, which only developed the noble courage of officers and men to the highest degree. A portion of the regiment, under command of Captain Glenn, Twenty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, having become accidentally separated in the dense woods in which we were operating, was called upon by an aide of General Heintzelman's to support a battery. Captain Glenn rallied 100 men around his company and volunteered for this service. The duty was well performed until they were relieved, Captain Hillebrand, in command of his company as camp guard, was placed in Casey's rifle pits, where he did good execution. The regiment after was retiring was engaged in rallying scattered troops.

Major John Ely, Adjt. T. K. Boggs, Capts. Edwin Palmer, W. J. Wallace, and Lieutenants Wood and McFalls were severely wounded during the action, and Captain John F. Glenn slightly wounded. My lieutenant-colonel (Wilhelm) was by my side during the whole of the day, rendering efficient service.

I would be going wrong not to mention the zealous, devoted, and

