
lines and crushing his flank, causing them to retire, leaving their dead and wounded officers and soldiers on the field. The enemy being silenced and driven off, orders were received from General Abercrombie to cease firing, complimenting our men for their good conduct. During the engagement on Sunday morning in the woods to the left of the railroad, to recover the position Casey's column occupied on Saturday, my battery was held in reserve.

Lieutenant Fagan is worthy of particular notice for gallantry displayed by him in fighting his section. After his horse was wounded he assisted setting an example to his men, who vied with him in serving their guns. Sergeant Brown, Corporals Cogan and Graham, with Privates McCaughey, Harris, Nagle, Emerson, Grow, Whittaker, McKinley, and Daniels, were particularly conspicuous during the action. Nothing could exceed in rapidity and effectiveness the canister practice of their pieces.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAS. BRADY,

Captain, First Pennsylvania Reserve Artillery.

Captain GUSTAVUS URBAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Abercrombie's Brigade.

No. 87. Report of Brigadier General Charles Devens, jr.,

U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE (DEVENS'),Couch's Division, Keyes' Corps, June 2, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In regard to the part taken by this brigade in the action of Saturday, May 31, I have the honor to submit the following preliminary report:

In consequence of firing at the front from the line occupied by General Casey, the brigade, consisting of the Seventh and Tenth Massachusetts Regiments and the Thirty-sixth New York (the Second Rhode Island being on detached service), was put under arms at about 1.30 p. m.,* and moved forward to the cross-roads to the Fair Oaks Station, where the Tenth Massachusetts, Colonel Briggs, was first posted in front of the battery of artillery commanded by Captain Flood (Company D, Pennsylvania Artillery). After remaining in this position a short time the Tenth Massachusetts was moved forward to the left side of the Richmond road behind some rifle pits and in front of the battery on that side of the road, and the Thirty-sixth New York Volunteers, Colonel Innes, was thrown forward on the right side of the Richmond road in front of the Fair Oaks road, where the right of the regiment was screened from the terrible fire of the enemy's artillery at this point by some rifle pits; but the left was exposed, and suffered in consequence severely. Soon after an order was received directing that I should sent the Seventh Massachusetts, Colonel Russell, over to the right, which was immediately complied with; after which time that regiment was not under my immediate command during the action.

At about 4 p. m., the line of General Casey then having been driven

---------------

* Time not accurate either for getting under arms of moving.-E. D. K.

---------------

