
Almost simultaneously with the first discharge of arms in our front, about 1 p. m., I received orders to move with my regiment to the front to the support of Captain Flood's battery, who had taken up a position on the right of the Richmond Stage road. I at once proceeded to the right and front of the battery and occupied a portion of the rifle pits in course of erection there, and held that position until about 6 p. m., when I was ordered to fall back, as the enemy had turned our right flank in large force. At this time, General Devens having been disabled, I assumed command of the brigade, and the command of the regiment devolved upon Lieutenant Colonel D. E. Hungerford, who led it off in good order, taking a position in the rifle pits near Battery Couch by my order.

All the officers and men of my command behaved with the utmost coolness and bravery. I make particular mention of Lieutenant Colonel D. E. Hungerford, Major James A. Raney, Surg. E. B. Dalton, Captain James J. Walsh, Lieutenant David W. Murphy, and Sergt. Major Charles S. Lindsay.

Inclosed please find a list of the killed, wounded, and missing.*

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, yours,

CHAS. H. INNES,

Colonel Thirty-sixth New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant BYRON PORTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 92. Reports of Brigadier General Silas Casey,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS GENERAL CASEY'S DIVISION,Poplar Hill, Henrico County, Va., June, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to directions from the general commanding the Fourth Corps I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my divisions of my division in the battle of the Seven Pines, on the 31st ultimo:

I occupied with my division the advanced position of the army, about three-fourths of a mile from the cross-roads at the Seven Pines, where I caused rifle pits and a redoubt to be thrown up; also an abatis to be commenced about one-third of a mile in front of the pits, and parties were employed upon these works on the morning of the 31st. Previously to occupying my last position I had occupied the cross-roads, and had there also caused an abatis to be cut and earthworks to be commenced.

On the 29th, the day on which I moved my camp forward, and also on the 30th, my advanced pickets had been attacked by bodies of the enemy; on the former day by a force of 300, and on the next by one of 400 in number. The pickets on the first day succeeded in driving the enemy back in confusion, killing and wounding a number, with a loss on my part of but 2 killed and 2 wounded. Major Kelley, of the Ninety-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, was one of my killed. The major was in command of the pickets at this point, and by his gallant conduct animated the men to the firm resistance offered.

---------------

*Embodied in return, p.761.

---------------

58 R R-VOL XI

