
with great effect. Perceiving at length that the enemy were threatening me upon both wings, for want of re-enforcements, which had been repeatedly asked for, and that his column still pressed on, I then, in order to save my artillery, ordered a charge of bayonets by the four supporting regiments at the center, which was executed in a most gallant and successful manner under the immediate direction of Brigadier-General Naglee, commanding First Brigade, the enemy being driven back. When the charge had ceased, but not until the troops had reached the edge of the wood, the most terrible fire of musketry commenced that I have ever witnessed. The enemy again advanced in force, and the flanks being again severely threatened, a retreat to the works became necessary.

To be brief, the rifle pits were retained until they were almost enveloped by the enemy, the troops with some exceptions fighting with spirit and gallantry. The troops then retreated to the second line, in possession of General Couch's division. Two pieces of artillery were placed in the road between the two lines which did good execution upon the advancing foe.

On my arrival at the second line I succeeded in rallying a small portion of my division, and with the assistance of General Kearny, who had just arrived at the head of one of the brigades of his division, attempted to regain possession of my works, but it was found impracticable. The troops of General Couch's division were driven back, although re-enforced by the corps of General Heintzelman.

The corps of Generals Keyes and Heintzelman having retired to the third line by direction of General Heintzelman, I there collected together what remained of my division.

The Fifty-second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers and the Fifty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers were under the particular direction of Brigadier-General Naglee, and I refer to his report for further mention of them.

General Naglee behaved with distinguished gallantry through the engagement, having a horse killed under him and receiving four contused wounds from musket-balls. Generals Palmer and Wessells encouraged by their example their men to do their duty on the field. General Wessells had a horse shot under him and himself received a wound in the shoulder.

Lieutenants West and Foster, my aides-de-camp, were active through the day, affording me much service and behaving gallantly. Captain Davis, of the provost guard of my division, acted as my aide a portion of the time, rendering much assistance and conducting himself in a gallant manner. I also feel much indebtedness to my medical director, Dr. Crosby, for the energy he evinced in collecting the wounded and his promptness and skill in collecting the wounded and his promptness and skill in providing for them.

I have inclosed a list of the killed, wounded, and missing, as also the reports of the commanders of brigades, to which I refer.

I cannot forbear mention of the severe misfortune suffered by the division and the service in the loss of Colonel G. D. Bailey, my chief of artillery abandoned. Colonel Bailey was an officer of thorough military education; of clear and accurate mind; cool, determined, and intrepid in the discharge of his duty, and promising with riper years to honor still more the profession to which he was devoted. About the same time, also, fell Major Van Valkenburgh, of the First Regiment New York Artillery, a brave, discreet, and energetic officer.

