
No. 93. Report of Captain Peter C. Regan,

Seventh New York Battery, Acting Chief of Artillery.

CAMP NEAR SEVEN PINES, June 1, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose the accompanying reports of commanders of batteries of the division, made to me in consequence of the deaths of Colonel G. D. Bailey and Major Van Valkenburgh, of the First Regiment New York Artillery. The colonel was killed in the redoubt in front of your headquarters by a rifle-ball passing through his brain while giving an order to spike the guns of Company A, First New York Artillery, when the redoubt was no linger tenable and the large number of horses killed in the road between two of my guns whole in action and while setting an example to the men of cool, self-possessed courage under a galling and terrible fire.

I have received no report from Company A, First New York Artillery, and can only report to you the that their battery of six light 12-pounders were captured by the enemy. Battery H, of the same regiment, was ordered into battery to the left of the Nine-mile road in advance of division headquarters, and opened fire on the enemy. Captain Spratt was wounded in the shoulder early in the action, as was also Lieutenant Howell, and the command of the battery devolved on First Lieutenant C. E. Mink, who fought the battery, assisted by Second Lieutenant E. H. Clark, with spirit and bravery until compelled to retire by the repulse of his supports and the near advance of the enemy, but not until the safety of his supports and the near advance of the enemy, but not until the safety of his battery compelled his retreat, with the loss of one of his pieces left in the hands of the enemy.

The Eighth New York Independent Battery, Captain Fitch, commenced firing about 1 o'clock, and fired with rapidity and effect on the advancing lines of the enemy until compelled to retire, which was done in good order, to our present encampment. Captain Thompson, chef of artillery of General Couch's division, ordered a battery forward. Captain Fitch moved again toward the front and took his position in rear of the batteries of Couch's division, where I understood he did good service and inflicted considerable injury on the foe.

The Seventh New York Independent Battery, under my command, remained in position on the right of the Nine-mile road, directly in front of headquarters, awaiting the signal to commence firing. Our own troops were in our immediate front in the undergrowth of pines, which compelled us to reserve our fire for fear of killing our own men, and were compelled to remain under a galling fire, which wounded 1 man and killed and wounded several of my horses, without the satisfaction of replying.

At a signal from Major Van Valkenburgh we limbered our pieces and moved to the left, and took our position in battery, with one section in the road and the other two in the field to the right of the road, and opened on their advancing column and for a time held them at bay. By taking cover in the woods, their left flank continued to advance within 30 yards of the battery, whole they kept pouring a continuous fire of musketry and artillery and flaunting their battle-flags in our faces. To give them an idea of re-enforcements I seized our colors and rode in front of our battery. At this time the flag was twice hit and my horse shot under me. Major Van Valkenburgh gave the order to limber up the four pieces in the field. As the ground was soft and the

