
guns had settled nearly up to their axles, with difficulty we got the guns out and sent them to the rear, while we still worked the section in the road. It was at this time the major received his fatal shot and fell lifeless from his saddle.

At this time all the batteries had left the field and all the infantry in our immediate vicinity had been driven back. A part of the First Brigade, the Fifty-sixth New York, were still disputing the ground with the enemy on our extreme right. General Naglee ordered me to fix prolonges and fire retiring, which was done with one piece. The Garde Lafayette (Fifty-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers) came up about this time and made a gallant charge, but unfortunately got in front of our pieces and prevented us from firing when we were able to do so. First Lieutenant M. V. McIntyre acted as Numbers 1, Corporal Hasbrouck served ammunition, and myself as gunner. The lead driver was shot dead, also Numbers 4, Artificer Goodsel. With two officers and one corporal as cannoneers and no lanyard or friction primers, and the regiment in front terribly cut, we retired, and shortly after received orders from you to collect the batteries and place them in position where they now are.

The officers and men under my command behaved gallantly and deserve credit for their steadiness under a wasting fire. The adjutant of the artillery, Lieutenant William Rumsey, was wounded whole executing the orders of our chef. We were not expecting so severe a battle so soon. I had orders about two hours before the battle commenced to harness up one section of my battery, expecting to go on a reconnaissance, but before I had barely time to give the order the order was changed, and the whole battery was ordered to be harnessed, together with all the batteries in the division. I could have saved my battery wagon and forge by sending them to the rear sooner, but did not feel justified in assuming by that proceeding that it was possible for the division to retreat. Two caissons were abandoned in consequence of the horses being killed. The battery wagon, forge, and cessions have been since recovered, with the exception of one limber of the caisson, which was taken by the rebels.

I cannot close this report without expressing my deep sense of the irreparable los sustained by your division in the death of Colonel G. D. Bailey. Modest, unassuming, and gentlemanly in his manner, united with great decision of character and personal bravery and a thorough knowledge of his profession, your division has met with a loss that cannot be replaced, and the service has lost one of its brightest ornaments.

Annexed is a list of the casualties in the artillery of the division.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

P. C. REGAN,

Captain Seventh N. Y. Battery, Actg. Chief of Arty., Casey's Div.

General CASEY.

No. 94. Report of Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations May 26-June 1.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS, NEAR SEVEN PINES, June 20, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose the report of Brigadier General H. M. Naglee, who commanded the First Brigade of Casey's division in the battle

---------------

* Embodied in return, p.762.

---------------

