
through the woods to the left and rear to the saw-mill at the White Oak Swamp and thence to the line above referred to, where they rejoined their comrades of the First Brigade.

Following down the Nine-mile road, after Dodge was compelled to retreat about 500 yards from the outer section at the Seven Pines, I found Colonel J. W. Adams, commanding the First Long Island, which was placed across the road, a portion of the right flank being in rear of it, with the left flank extending to the front and left. Advising Colonel Adams of the rapid approach of the enemy, of the direction he was coming, and of the position of the Fifty-sixth and One hundred and fourth on his left, he withdrew the left flank of the Long Island to the rear of the Nine-mile road, making a continuous line with the above, and the men were ordered to lie down, that they should escape the murderous fire that was incessantly pouring in from the front. Scarcely was this done when the Eighty-seventh New York, Colonel Stephen A. Dodge, of Kearny's division, Heintzelman's corps, came along the Nine-mile road with rapid step, cheering most vociferously, passed the Eleventh Maine, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania, and the First Long Island about 50 yards, received a volley, broke, and passed the whole of them, running over the backs of those lying down, the latter remaining undisturbed until ordered to rise and meet the accumulated force that was bearing all before it. Volley after volley was given to charge, but 100 yards brought us into such close proximity with the enemy that a sheet of fire was blazing in our faces. The ranks on both sides were rapidly thinning, but still the great disparity in our number continued. So close were the contending forces, that our men in many instances whilst at a charge poured their fire into the breasts of the enemy within a few feet from the points of their bayonets.

This dreadful contest lasted until nearly dark. My Fifty-sixth and One hundred and fourth suffered dreadfully, lost the greater part of their officers and men, and were compelled to give way, carrying their wounded with them.

It was then, it the language of Lieutenant Haney, of the One hundred and fourth:

That I (Lieutenant Haney) and Lieutenant Ashenfelter and others led Captain Corcoran, Captain Swartzlander, and Lieutenant Hendrie off the field. It was getting dark; it was about half an hour before dark. We went down the Nine-mile road and along the Williamsburg road. The fighting was nearly over; our troops were all returning; we saw the enemy not over 75 yards in our rear, and no troops between us and them. All of our forces were moving back, little regard being paid to brigade, regimental, or even company organization. Kearny's troops came, but did not stay long. Captain Corcoran becoming continually weaker, we were compelled to carry him.

Fully confirming the statements of my officer, I saw no running, and there was no panic, but all moved off together with a single purpose, and that one to make a stand upon the line of defenses 1 mile in the rear, the only one of sufficient capacity to enable us to defend ourselves against vastly-superior number until our re-enforcements could be brought together. Company I, Captain Merrill, and Company E, Lieutenant Sabine, of the Eleventh Maine were on picket duty along the Garnett field, in front of which several rebel regiments marched about dark. Some of the men crawled into the wheat and shot three of the field officers as they marched by. When Sedgwick crossed the Chickahominy they immediately communicated with him; remained all night upon this pocket line, with the enemy in their front and rear, and of Sunday, at 9 a. m., came in, bringing more prisoners

