
than the entire number of men in their ranks. Second-Lieutenant Rice, of the Eleventh Maine, was very sick in the hospital, where there were a number of the same regiment. After the fight grew warm he exclaimed, "Boys, every one of you that can hold up his head follow me." More than 20 followed him . He shouldered a musket, and all joined their regiment and fought most gallantly. Rice, after 17 rounds delivered with deadly effect-for he was an excellent shot-was severely wounded in the thigh and was carried from the field.

Company E, One hundred and fourth, Captain Harvey, Lieutenant Croll, and 58 men were extended on picket duty from the railroad to the corner at the intersection of the Nine-mile road with the road to Garnett's house, when about 3 p. m. the enemy approached, but left them unmolested after firing some scattering shots, during which time we took 13 prisoners.

After 5 p. m. the enemy again appeared in force along this entire line. With the assistance of the supports he was held in check for nearly an hour, when, finding themselves surrounded, they were taken prisoners. Captain Harvey was placed in charge of an officer with 5 men, and was marching off when a shell struck, and killing the officer, the captain, taking advantage of the confusion, made his escape. Four of the men afterward came in.

On Saturday Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt, of the Fifty-second Pennsylvania, was in charge of the pioneers of the First Brigade and two companies of the same regiment, building a bridge a bridge which I had directed to be build across the Chickahominy, remaining upon the extreme right. He rendered most valuable service by advising General Sumner as soon as he crossed the swamp of the precise position of our forces and those of the enemy. After which, the enemy having pressed down between the railroad and General Summer, Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt, with the above and some of the One hundredth New York that were driven in from the picket lines near the Chickahominy, remained with General Sumner until Sunday, and behaved well. After leaving the battle-field, at dark, the brigade, numbering over 1,000, were marched to the right rifle pits of the rear defenses, but vacated them at the request of General Kearny, and occupied those on the left, with the other brigades of Casey's division, where we remained under arms in the rain all night.

I have shown in the history of the battle of the Seven Pines the conduct of every one of the regiments of the First Brigade from the time the first volley was fired at noon until the enemy, having driven our troops from the ground near dark, cut off the retreat of the Fifty-second by the Williamsburg road, and were still annoyed by their deadly fire.

The list of casualties shows there were taken into action 84 officers and 1,669 men, and that 35 officers and 603 men were killed, wounded, and taken prisoners, being 42 per cent, of the former and and 37 per cent. of the latter. Of the 93 of the Eleventh Maine that were led into the fight by Colonel Plaisted 52 were killed and wounded.

That the brigade fought well none can deny, for they lost 638 of their number. Their bodies were found over every part of the field, and where these bodies lay were found double their number of the enemy. The enemy, more generous that our friends, admit "that we fought most desperately and against three entire divisions of his army, with two in reserve that later in the day were brought in." For three and a half hours we contested every inch of ground with the enemy, end did not yield in that time the half of 1 mile. We fought from 12 m. until 3.30 p. m. but little assistance, and until dark with our

