
I desire also to notice the conduct of Dr. Rush, acting brigade surgeon, who nobly discharged his duty from first to last.

Respectfully submitted.

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant B. B. FOSTER, A. A. A. G., Casey's Division.

No. 96. Report of Major Audley W. Gazzam,

One hundred and third Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., June 2, 1862.

CAPTAIN: At about 1 o'clock p. m. of the 31st day of May, 1862, under orders from Brigadier-General Wessells, I marched my regiment out and formed it immediately in rear of the picket reserves and about half a mile from our camp, throwing out two companies, B and G, under command of Captain George W. Gillespie, on the left of the road, to protect that flank, the right of the regiment resting on a piece of marshy ground. When the pickets were fired on and driven in I ordered the reserve to take their place in the regiment.

The enemy now opened a heavy fire on the left and center, which was returned by my whole line. The enemy's fire now opened along the whole line, and we were also subjected to a very heavy cross-fire from both flanks. When I saw that we could no longer hold our ground, unsupported as we were, I ordered my men to fall back slowly, which they did, and formed on a road running nearly at right angles to the one on which we had entered the woods.

The overwhelming force of the enemy, which now almost surrounded us, compelled me again to retire, to prevent being entirely cut off. Owing to the nature of the ground, which was marshy and covered with under wood and fallen timber, it was impossible to retire in order.

The regiment when marched out consisted of 430 men. The remainder of the command was detailed on fatigue and picket duty, and one company of the command was detained in camp to relieve the pickets then on duty. The loss in killed, wounded, and missing, of which a detailed report has been made, amounts to 95 men.* We encamped for the night in the woods back of Savage Station, on the railroad.

Respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,AUDLEY W. GAZZAM,

Major, Commanding One hundred and third Regiment Pa. Vols.

Captain N. L. JEFFRIES, A. A. G., Second Brigade, Casey's division.

No. 97. Report of Brigadier General Innis N. Palmer,

U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE CASEY'S DIVISION,Camp Poplar Hill, Va., June 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following operations of my brigade at the battle of Seven Pines, on the 31st ultimo:

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.762.

---------------

