
the previous evening. His division bivouacked on the night of the 31st within musket-shot of the intrenchments which they were attacking, when darkness staid the conflict. The skill, energy, and resolution with which Major-General Smith directed his attack would have secured success if it could have been made an hour earlier. The troops of Longstreet and Hill passed the night of the 31st on the ground which they had won. The enemy was strongly re-enforced from the north side of the Chickahominy on the evening and night of the 31st. The troops engaged by General Smith were undoubtedly from the other side of the river.

On the morning of June 1 the enemy attacked the brigade of General Pickett, which was supported by that of General Pryor. The attack was vigorously repelled by these two brigades, the brunt of the action falling on General Pickett. This was the last demonstration made by the enemy. Our troops employed the residue in securing and bearing off the captured artillery, small-arms, and other property, and in the evening quietly returned to their own camps.

We took 10 pieces of artillery, 6,000 muskets, 1, garrison flag and 4 regimental colors, besides a large quantity of tents and camp equipage.

Major-General Longstreet reports the loss in his command as being about 3,000. Major General G. W. Smith reports his loss at 1,283. Total, 4,283. That of the enemy is stated in their own newspapers to have exceeded 10.000, an estimate which is no doubt short of the truth.

Had Major-General Huger's division been in position and ready for action when those of Smith, Longstreet, and Hill moved, I am satisfied that Keyes' corps would have been destroyed instead of being merely defeated. Had it gone into action even at 4 o'clock the victory would have been much more complete.

Major-Generals Smith and Longstreet speak in high terms of the conduct of their superior and staff officers. I beg leave to ask the attention of the Government especially to the manner in which Brigadier-Generals Whiting and R. H. Anderson, and Colonels Jenkins, Kemper, and Hampton, exercising commands above their grades, and Brigadier-General Rodes, are mentioned.

This and the captured colors will the delivered by Major A. H. Cole, of my staff. I have been prevented by feebleness from making this report sooner, and am still to make any but a very imperfect one.

Your obedient, servant,

J. E. JOHNSON,

General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

P. S.- Several hundred prisoners were taken, but I have received no report of the number.

RICHMOND, VA., September 20, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSON:

GENERAL: I beg to refer you to my letter* of the 20th ultimo. I have waited one month, and no reply has been received from General Longstreet. As you have indorsed his erroneous statements, to my injury, I must hold your responsible, and desire to know from you if

---------------

*Not found, but see indorsements on Longstreet's report, p.942.

---------------

