
veys the impression that the brigades of General Huger's division were not present at all, whereas they moved to their position with three brigades of General Longstreet's division. This statement is not sustained by the above facts.

To the last paragraph I have only to say that if it did not go into action by 4 o'clock it was because General Longstreet did not require it, as it was in position and awaiting his orders. Four of the brigades had been sent for and did go into action on Saturday afternoon-three of Longstreet's and one of Huger's. The other two were in position and could have gone if ordered. The whole report ignores the presence of the troops of Huger's division at any part of the action.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 30, 1862-8.40 p. m.

Major-General HUGER:

GENERAL: The reports of Major General D. H. Hill give me the impression that the enemy is in considerable strength in his front. It seems to me necessary that we should increase our force also. For that object I wish to concentrate the troops of your division on the Charles City road and concentrate the troops of Major-General Hill on that to Williamsburg. To do this it will be necessary for you to move as early in the morning as possible to relieve the brigade of General Hill's division now on the Charles City road. I have desired General Hill to send you a guide. The road is the second large one diverging to the right from the Williamsburg road; the first turns off near the toll-gate. On reaching your position on the Charles City road learn at once the routes to the main roads to Richmond on your right and left, especially those to the left, and try to find guides. Be ready, if an action should be begun on your left, to fall upon the enemy's left flank.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSON,

General.

P. S. - It is important to move very early.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 31, 1862.

Major-General HUGER:

GENERAL: I fear that in my note of last evening, of which there is no copy, I was too positive on the subject of your attacking the enemy's left flank. It will, of course, be necessary for you to know what force is before you first. I hope to be able to have that ascertained for you by cavalry. As our main force will be on your left, it will be necessary for your progress to the front to conform at first to that of General Hill. If you find no strong body in your front, it will be well to aid General Hill; but then a strong reserve should be retained to cover our right.

Yours, truly,

J. E. JOHNSON,

General.

RICHMOND, VA., October 4, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have just had the honor to receive your letter of the 2nd instant.

