
I have no disposition to prefer charges against Major-General Huger. The passage in my report of which he complains was written to show that the delay in commencing the action of May 31 was not by my fault. Permit me to suggest that there can be no full investigation of this matter without Major-General Longstreet's participation.

Major-General Huger's assertion that I "shield myself by endeavoring to make General Longstreet responsible for my statements" is utterly unfounded. He certainly knows that I cannot contradict that officer's report unless upon weight of evidence against it. He makes no material contradiction of what I said of his troops. I say of imply that they arrived after 4 p. m.; he, that they reached the "designated point" before 4 o'clock.

As to investigation, General Huger knows that his own course had made any other than that which has been had impracticable. He knew that for several weeks after he read my report General Longstreet was near Richmon, yet he did not address me on the subject in question until after that officer had joined the army in Northern Virginia. When so addressed I wrote immediately, which General Huger did also. General Longstreet has lately replied to his letter.

I hope that the President will do me the favor to read the last two paragraphs.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSON,

General.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 9, 1862.

To SECRETARY OF WAR:

It may be that the expected answer of General Longstreet will enable General Johnson to relieve General Huger of the grievance as presented by the latter. Should it be otherwise, his request for a court of inquiry will be complied with as soon as the state of the service will permit.

J. D.

No. 102. Reports of Major General James Longstreet,

C. S. Army, commanding Right Wing.

HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, June 10, 1862.

MAJOR: Agreeably to verbal instructions from the commanding general, the division of Major General D. H. Hill was on the morning of the 31st ultimo formed at and early hour on the Williamsburg road as the column of attack upon the enemy's front on that road. A brigade was placed on each side of the road to advance to the attack, and each was supported by one of the other brigades of the same division. In advance of each of the columns of attack a regiment as skirmishers were deployed. The plan for the forward movement was that fields should be passed by a flank movement of the regiment of skirmishers, and the woods in front, once in our possession, the brigades were to advance rapidly, occupy them, and move rapidly forward. Abatis and intrenched positions were ordered to be taken by a flank movement of

