
and determination. He made one of the most important and decisive movements on the field and held his command some hours after receiving a severe wound.

My own troops have been so often tried and distinguished on other fields that they need no praise from my lips. A truer, better body of men never marched upon a battle-field. I will mention, however, as distinguished for their usual gallantry and ability, Generals R. H. Anderson, C. M. Wilcox, George E. Pickett, R. E. Colton, and Roger A. Pryor, and Colonel Kemper and Jenkins (commanding brigades), Corse, Winston, Funsten, and Sydenham Moore, the latter twice shot, once severely wounded.

I desire also to mention the conspicuous courage and energy of Captain James Dearing, of the Lynchburg Artillery, and his officers and men. His pieces were served under the severest fire, as his serious loss will attest. Captain Carter, of General Hill's division, also displayed great gallantry and skill in the management of his battery.

Brigadier General J. E. B. Stuart, in the absence of any opportunity to use his cavalry, was of material service by his presence with me in the field.

My personal staff-Majrs. G. M. Sorrel, J. W. Fairfax, P. T. Manning, and Captain Thomas Goree, Thomas Walton, and my young aide Lieutenant Blackwell-have my kind thanks for their activity, zeal, and intelligence in carrying orders and the proper discharge of their duties.

Captain Walton was slightly wounded.

I am also indebted to General Wigfall and Colonel P. T. Moore, volunteer aides, for assistance in rallying troops and conveying orders during the several assaults made by the enemy in that day. I am also indebted to Colonel R. H. Chilton for material aid.

Dr. J. S. D. Cullen, surgeon in chief, and the officers of his department kingly and untiringly devoted themselves to the wounded. They have none of the chances of distinction of other officers, but discharge the most important duties. I refer to his report for the conduct of the officers of his department.

Detailed reports of the major-generals, brigadiers, and other commanders and chiefs of staff have been called for and will be forwarded as soon as received.

Our loss in valuable officers and men has been severe. Colonels Giles (Fifth South Carolina), Jones (Twelfth Alabama), and Lomax (Third Alabama) fell at the head of their commands, gallantly leading them to victory.

Three hundred and forty-seven prisoners, 10 pieces of artillery, 5,000 small-arms, 1 garrison, and several regimental standards were taken.

A rough estimate of the loss on this part of the field may be put at 3,000 killed and wounded. The loss on the part of the enemy may be put at a much higher figure, inasmuch as he was driven from his positions, and some half dozen attempts to recover them were successfully repulsed.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major-General, Commanding.

