
cessfully repulsed an attempt of fresh Yankee troops to recapture the works.

We had now captured eight pieces of artillery, the camp, tents, and stores of a brigade, and had successfully driven the Yankees back 1 1/2 miles forcing them to abandon a wide skirt of abatis, rifle pits, and redoubts. My division had beaten Casey's division and all the re-enforcements brought him, and had driven him and his supports into the woods and swamps. It was desirable, however, to press the Yankees as closely as possible. I therefore sent back to General Longstreet and asked for another brigade. In a few minutes the magnificent brigade of R. H. Anderson came to my support. A portion of this force, under Colonel Jenkins, consisting of the Palmetto Sharpshooters and the Sixth South Carolina, was sent on the extreme left to scour along the railroad and Nine-mile road, and thus get in rear of the enemy, while a portion, under General R. H. Anderson to get within a few yards of them, when they opened a murderous fire upon him from their cover in the woods. His heroes replied with interest, and some guns, which were brought to enfilade the Yankee lines, added to their confusion, and they were soon in full retreat. They were hotly pursued, and R. H. Anderson and Jenkins, assisted by portions of G. B. Anderson's brigade, of my division, swept on the left of the road, driving brigade after, driving brigade after brigade of the Yankees before them, capturing two more cannon, several camps, with their commissary and quartermaster's stores, and finally after dark, halting more than a mile beyond the main works of the Yankees at Seven Pines.

While this was going on Dearing's battery had been sent up by General Longstreet, and rendered important service during the day, the officers and men behaving most heroically. I now resolved to drive the Yankees out of the woods on the right of the road, where they were still in strong force. General Rains was near them, and a written order was carried him by my adjutant to move farther to the right. I regret that that gallant and meritorious officer did not advance farther in that direction. He would have taken the Yankees in flank, and the direct attack of Rodes moved over the open ground to assault the Yankees, strongly posted in the woods. He met a most galling fire, and his advance was checked. A portion of his command met with a disastrous repulse. Kemper's brigade was now sent me by General Longstreet, and directed by me to move directly to the support of Rodes. This brigade, however, did not engage the Yankees, and Rodes' men were badly cut up. By night-fall, nevertheless, the Yankees were driven out of the woods, and we held undisputed possession of all the ground a mile around and in advance of the redoubt, which had been the object of the struggle. The remaining brigades of General Longstreet - Pickett's, Wilcox's, Pryor's, and Colston's - reported to me for orders that night.

The tents and commissariat of the Yankee general (Casey) were found to be in excellent condition, and we all fared that night. The result of the day had been most cheering. My division, weakened by one brigade, and numbering less than 9,000 men, had driven the Yankees 1 1/2 miles and captured their stronghold; and when it had been strengthened by two more brigades the Yankees were driven a

