
capacity he rendered the most valuable services, and was much exposed. His adjutant, Meem, was killed, and his aide, Halsey, severely wounded near me. I had frequent occasion to notice the gallant bearing of these two officers.

All the regimental commanders acquitted themselves with great credit. Colonel Jones, of the Twelfth Alabama, left a sick bed to find a bloody gave on the battle-field. He was one of the very best officers and purest men in the army.

The company, as well as the regimental officers, deserve the highest praise, and the rank and file fought with a gallantly never surpassed. It is seldom that even veteran troops will endure a greater loss than one-fourth, but these noble fellows marched steadily on after one-third of their number had been struck down. The heroism shown at Seven Pines has had a most wonderful influence upon the subsequent battles around Richmond. After this decisive victory, under such disadvantageous circumstances, not a brigade in the ranks seemed to entertain the remotest doubt of our ultimate success over the besieging army of Yankees.

It is due to my gallant division to say that the great majority of the men had never before been in battle, and yet they infused a spirit into the whole army which told with powerful effect in all the subsequent engagements, ending in the total rout of McClellan.

My thanks are especially due to all of my staff, who were active, brave, and efficient. Majors Ratchford, assistant adjutant-general, and Pierson, chef of artillery; Captain Tayloe, inspector-general, and Lieutenants West, aide-de-camp; Lee, engineer officer, and Moore and Fitzhugh, volunteer aides, were in all parts of the field, and, more or less, all had personal marks of exposure. Lieutenant West had two horses killed under him and a third wounded. Several of the others had their clothes perforated by balls.

Sergeant Harmilin and his detachment of couriers were active and faithful. Courier Braden and the two Chamblins were specially distinguished. The sergeant had his horse killed under him and was himself wounded.

Two of my batteries, under Hardaway and Nelson, were left behind on our intrenchments. These gallant officers would have been worthy compeers on the field of Carter and Bodurant.

Appended is a list of the killed and wounded.* From this it appears that of the less than 9,000 taken into action nearly 3,000 were struck down. The loss was principally in the three brigades which made the front attack. Rains' brigade, which executed the flank movement, suffered but little in comparison.

The gallant charge of my division demoralized the Yankees, and our re-enforcements were not hotly engaged; the succor brought to Casey not fighting so well as his own men. This accounts for the fact that more than half of the entire loss in the two days' fight fell upon my division.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

Major-General LONGSTREET.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

