
by hearing their words of command and their cheers. I should have said than in my advance I had passed the enemy's artillery in two positions - in their second camp two pieces and in the Williamsburg road one piece and two caissons - but so closely were we on the heels of their troops that they could not use them upon us.

In taking up my last line I had detailed a party under my acting major (Captain J. W. Goss) to withdraw the latter piece of artillery, and at this moment he came up and reported the enemy in line of battle, advancing at the double-quick. Strengthened by the nearness of support I advanced my line toward them also at the Williamburg road in the open field along the crest of hill, the woods immediately in front, and the enemy in line about 100 yards distant. The Twenty-eighth Georgia was placed on the right, touching to the road, my regiment, formerly on right, now in center, and the Sixth regiment on left. The enemy poured in a heavy fire on my right eight companies, and the Twenty-eighth Georgia, their right opposite my left, and the Sixth South Carolina Volunteers, being separated by a dense swamp, not firing, the supporting regiment, under a terrible fire, gave back, notwithstanding the gallant efforts of its adjutant and color-bearer, who halted and refused to move. The enemy, encouraged, redoubled his fire on my right, cheered and advanced, and I determined to meet him. In prompt obedience the two regiments rose from their knees, from whence they had been firing upon the enemy with decided effect, and resumed their old, steady advance, firing full in the face of the foe. The two lines neared each other to 30 or 40 yards, and now the left of my regiment and the Sixth South Carolina Volunteers, passing the swamp, came full upon the enemy's right. Losing heavily, I pressed on, and the enemy sullenly and slowly gave way, we had advanced some 200 or 300 yards, the enemy getting more and more disordered and beginning to break badly. By this time Lieutenant Colonel A. Jackson, in command of the Fifth South Carolina Volunteers (Colonel Giles having been killed), received my message, and in prompt response came up at the doublequick. The Twenty-eight Georgia, seeing re-enforcements, rallied and came forward, forming on my right. Jackson, giving to the right, came up on their right, sweeping before him the rallied fragments who had collected and resumed fire from the woods to the right, and thus at 7.40 p. m. we closed our busy day, the last seen of the enemy being his broken and disordered squads of from 5 to 20, visible for one-half mile over an extensive wheat field.

Hearing on the railroad to my left the noise of troops I sent the Fifth South Carolina Volunteers to my left, but we were not disturbed, and night having settled upon the field, I posted in this extreme position, with instructions t throw out pickets, the Nineteenth Mississippi Regiment, which (guided by my commissary, Captain Dick, acting as my aide) had been sent me by General R. H. Anderson and had now arrived. I retired the other regiments to the enemy's camp in rear, where we reposed for the night, my regiment sleeping in the camp of the Tenth Massachusetts Volunteers; and having reported to General R. H. Anderson, under his instructions made arrangements for the night, and sent out details to bring in the wounded and arms, &amp;c.

In this fight I cannot [but] allow myself to speak of the gallantry and good conduct of my men, as well as those of the other regiments of our brigade who fought with us. I was nobly seconded by my major William Anderson, and received great assistance from my adjutant,

