
Bacon fell mortally wounded. This officers loss is irreparable. In his regular duties his attentiveness and faithfulness challenged the adniira- hon of every member of the command. His courage, coolness, and Ju(lgment rendered his services on the battle-field invaluable. BetWeen I lie first and second charge Colom~el Smith was severely wounded, but kept his saddle through the second charge until abont~ 5 p. in., when, exhausted by loss of blood he relnctaimtlv retired. Of time colonels distinguished gallantry J need not speak; you witnessed it, captain. He bore himself imoblyshowed himself a full man. After passing the first camp of the enemy I was or(lere(l to follow up Colonel Jenkins South Carolina regiment and support him if nec- essary. My adjutant went hastily to the front and reported to Colonel Jenkins our proximity and purpose. The gallant Jenkins replied, Come on, Georgia; II want you! We moved up on his right an(l the two regiments a(lvaneed on a dense body of woo(ls. As we arrive(l in the woods we discovered the enemy advancing in heavy force to recapture, I suppose, two pieces of artillery captured by Colonel Jen- hums and now in ur rear. Colonel Jenkins regiment, to get a better }iosition, I imagine, after advancing ten or fifteen paces in the woo(ls, fell back quickly to the edge. My left companies unfortunately mist took the movement for a retreat, amid soon along the line the cry was, Retreat; the or(ler is retreat! and the whole line fell back. Jus- here the enemy opened at 75 yards the heaviest fire I had yet heard, an(l in spite of every exertion of myself and adjutant the regiment fell l)ack 70 or 80 yards in the field. I cannot in words do justice to Adjutant Gardner for tIme gallant heroism displayed by humn in this crisis. Stung to the (hiliCk by the behavior of the men, but originating imm an honest mistake., lie dashed bodly to where our line should be, and under an awful tire at (leadly range rode back and forth, waving his s~vord (letmantly at the enemy, by every gesture and motiomi appealing to the regiment to follow him. his efforts were not in vain ; the whole regimimemit (lashe(l gallammtly mu on the right of tlme Carohimmians, deterumined to retrieve thieniselves, an(l iii line style (lrove time enemy from the woods, capturing several l)ris- ~)mmers at the edge of the field beyond. We ceased fmrimmg a little after ~ P. ma. at least I mile iii advance of any other troops save Colonel Jemi- kius South Carolina regiment. Dark forced us to stop ommi pursuit. Before closing this report I desire to mention Sergeant Eatlmamn, of Comapany D, color-bearer, and the color guard for their gallant and imitrepid bearing through the entire day. Our colors were l)ierce(l twenty timues. Men and officers behaved themselves heroically. Conming out into the field to the house and tents, I had my wounded and killed brought there, and meeting my quartermaster whemm 1 rejoined the brigade, about 10 at imiglit, I had the wounded remmioved to Imospital in charge of Dr. Butler, assistant surgeon. Early Stinday we were in line of battle across the abatis we clmarge(l the day before, and remained timere under arias time entire day. A major, whose mmamne has escaped my memory, from one of time Missis- sippi regiments, with 15 of his men, fell imi with my commuamid and con- (meted themselves gallantly during the entire conflict, also vmrgimmians, Carolinians, and Al abamnians, who were not able to lilm(i their respective commands, fell in with me and fought bravely. I am, captain, very respectfully, yours, & c., C. T. ZACHRY, Lieutenant- Colonel, Co rndg. Twenty-seventh Georgia Regiment. Capt. GEORGE P. FOOTE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

