
Report of Capt. John N Wilcox, Twenty-eighth Ucorgia Infantry. JUNE 5,1862. Inelosed I submit a correct report of the casualties of the rFwc~IItY ci glith Georgia Regiment in the battle of the 31st :* The ftrce of the regiment upon entering the Iiel(l of action consisted of 870 officers an(l men. The regiment entere(L the field of action in the position assigned it with the brigade under a heavy fire of the enemys gnus and remained on the field until the supply of ammunition was exhausted, when we retired to be replellislie(l. To the best of in y knowledge we remained on the field between three and four hours, constantly engaged under the enemys galling lire. It is necessary for inc to state that Lient. Col. J. C. Cain left the field before we were engaged with the eneiiiy for reasons hiest knowii to himself. It is due to Companies H and I [to state] that they were oii (letached service at the time, contrary to their ~vishes. I cannot close this rel)ort without noticing our gallant commissary, John T. Iliall, who rendered efficient service in encolIra~4iIk~ the men and thereby retaining gooti order. Licut. P. F. Cunmp acte(t gallantly. Adjutant Wicker anti Sergt. 1\Iaj J. E. Thompson reul(Iere(l efficient ai(l in their resl)ective positions. All the comniissioned alhecis :111(1 men l)OrC themselves gallantly. Loss in killed and woun(led, 121 officers and mcii. JOHN N. WILCOX, Captain Company K, Twenty-eighth Georgia Reqim enf~ Commanding, as senior captain, (luring the enga gem e at. No. 108. Report of illiaj. Bryan Grimes, Fourth North Carolina L~fantr. IIDQRS. FOURTH NORTh CAROLINA STATE TROoPS June 5 i86~ COLONEL: In accordance widi General Orders, No. I have the honor most respectfull~y to submit the following report as embracing the action of the regiment under my coinmaiid duriimg the battle of May 31. After marching to the field agreeably to orders, when near the Will- manlsl)urg roa(l the enemy commenceti an enfilading fire from a battery stationed in the roati, concealed by the woods. I then filed my regi- ment to the left and brought it into line of battle ami ordered it to lie (town until the other regiments of the briga(le moved up. Just as the next regiment reachetl us a courier arrived froni the froiit calling for re-enforcements, anti you ordereti inc torwar(l. The woo(ls were very thick anti water ticel) in pQnds from recent rains, in i)laces waist-deep. The enemy, (luring our advance through the woods, ~)laying upon mis with canister antI shell, it was ilnl)ossible to keel) an accurate aligmi- inent. ; lialtetl at the etlge of the wootls, rectified the aligunment as near as possible before uncovering my men, and then ordered them to Embodied in stateiuent, p. 953.

