
and Robert Gibbons, of Company E. It is impossible for me to obtain the names of those who acted with more than common gallantry in the first and hottest part of the engagement, as the company officers, who had better opportunity of noticing them, are absent wounded, conse- (]nently many deserving of honorable mention would be left out. My attention (luring the action was particularly called to the daring and gallant conduct of the adjutant (Thomas L. Perry), whose services were invaluable to me; since died of his wonnds. No braver men dicd that day than Captain Barnes, of Company F, and Lieutenant White, of Company C, who were killed while leading their men up to the breastworks; but where all acted so well, with perhaps one or two exceptions, who failed to keep up, it is almost im- l)ossible to say who behaved with most gallantry, as reference to the list of casualties will show, leaving the encampuient with 29 officers, 23 of theni l)eing killed and wounded.* All else occurred under your own eye, which it is unnecessary for me to mention. I am, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant, BRYAN GRIMES, Major, Commanding Fourth Regiment N. C. & ate Troops. No. 109. Report of Vol. IVilliam AS~mith, Forty-itiuth Virginia Infantry. HEADQUARTERS FORTY-NINTH VIRGINIA VoLs., SPECIAL BRiG THIRD Div., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 5, 1862. COLONEL: In consequence of the lamented illness of our brigade officer, General Featherston, it was your good fortune to command our brigade in the fight of May 31. To you therefore, and in compliance with general orders from headquarters of the division, I I)rocee(h with pleasure to give you a narrative of the I)art taken by my regiment in the battle of the 31st ultinmo and of the 1st instant: On the morning of the 31st ultimo I received your orders to move by the left fiamik, file right, preserving such a distance from the Fourth North Carolina Regiment, on my right, as would afford me roomim pronll)tly to form iii line of battle. I accordingly moved, aiid unhap- pily had to make my way through a trackless forest, enconutering at almost every step brush, l)ramble, and I)OIU1, and after a most exhaust- ing umarcim of upward of a mile we cleared the woods and entered the open field. Passing through this field to the right we, with the iwe- vious orders renewed, entem-~d the next body of timber, which was either occupied in common by; or separated us from, the enemy. The Fourth North Carolina was on itmy right and the Twenty-seventh and Tweimty-ePhth Georgia on my left. Dressimig by the right., we were ordered carefully to preserve our distances, that not a moment might be lost iii forming in hue of battle. I endeavored to obey this order literally, an(l iii so doing was brought in contact with ami enorummons abatis and with rifle pits, all right in fromut, and with a redoubt on my riohit flank. Here I met with General Garland, who, stating that his b See P. 953.

