
Killed. Wounded. Field officers -- 2 Company officers 1 9 Rank and file 32 158 Total 33 169 202 222 Missing in action . 22 200 It will be observed, colonel, that I lost of my regiment in killed, wounded, and missing over one-half of the eiitire command, which was still further weakened by the necessary details to take off the wounded, so you can readily see how severely that portion of it ~vhich remained in the field was cut up; and when it is remembered that six of my coin- panies had never been under fire before; that all steadily advanced through great and unusual difficulties, an(l that, too, under most trying circumstances; that my regiment promptly responded to every coin- mand; that I was but little afflicted with that curse of an army, strag- glers, you will pardon me, I am sure, if I d~vel1 with some complacency upon the valor steadiness and effective discipline of my command the Forty-ninth Itegiment Virginia Volunteers. The more difficult duty now remains of specifying those who have won the claim of special merit. Among my field and staft~ officers I cannot discriminate. Lieutenant-Colonel Gibson, as I have stated, was twice wounded, and had his horse shot, but not so badly as to be unable to bear him from the field, which he refused to leave (although I urged him to do so) until the regiment fell back. Maj. C. 13. Christian had to dismount on the outskirts of the abatis and proceed on foot with the command, which he did most gallantly. He escaped unhurt. My ad- jutant, Kincheloe, always calm and collected yet proml)t and ready, contributed much to the steadiness of the command and cheerfully obeyed all my orders. He himself escaped, but had his horse badly shot. My sergeant-major led the advance, rifle in hand, displaying the valor, and perhaps sometimes the rashness, of youth. My hom-se was badly shot and died about 7 p. m. on the day of the battle. Of my company officers I have no language of praise which 1 might not safely bestow, but I have no power to discriminate betweemi them. Where all behaved so well discrimination is difficult, and would cer- tainly be unjust. I commend them, colonel, most cordially to your most favorable consideration. And now, colonel, I close this report, sending herewith a list of the killed and wounded; sending also a list of those in a few minutes [instances] commended for special merit, and tendering you herewith my cordial gratifications [gratulations], under the exposure to which you were constantly subject[ed], at your escape from the dangers of this bloody field. I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant, W. SMITH, Colonel Forty-ninth Virginia Volunteers~ Col. G. B. ANDERSON, (Jorndg. k~pecial Brig., Third Div., Army of tlte Jotoawc,

