
The regiment kept in the fight up to the enemys camp on the left. (See Colonel Perrys report* of their action, l)art of which I saw and all of which I believe to be correct.) The Thirty-eighth Virginia captured the markers flag of the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania (Ring- gold Regiment) and 9 prisoners, including 1 captain, and kept well up in the fight with or near the Second Florida, retiring under orders, as al)ove stated. The casualties of these two regiments were heavy, as shown by the reports; those of the Second Flori(ia especially so, being about 43 per cent. of their force engaged, and the Thirty-eighth Virginia not much less. Late in the afternoon I succeeded in separating and reorganizing my corn inand, and held it under orders in reserve. Sleeping upon the field of battle, this biigade, along with Colonel Andersons, was held in re serve on the 1st instant, iot engaged, there being no Sunday, an(l was m need for its services. I am happy to be able to bear testimony to the gallantry and good conduct of all the field officers of the brigade. The unusual list of cas- ualties among them shows that they were at their posts of duty and of danger. We have to mom-n the loss of Maj. (I. W. Call, Second Florida, and Maj. E. J. Christian, Twentythird North Carolina, the latter mnoitally wounded, and SiliCO reported (lead. These were gallant gentlemen and chivalrous soldiers. Colonel Mcliae, Fifth North Carolina., being com- pelled to retire, as already stated, from exhaustion, Major Sinclair acted very handsomely in supplying his place. Colonel Cliiistic and Lieu- tenant-Colonel Johnston were both disabled while doing handsome service, Colonel Christies horse being shot under him, and in falling throwing his rider against a tree, which bruised him severely; Lieu- tenant-Colonel Johnston being severely wounded at a later hour; Licut. Col. L. 0-. Pyles, Second Florida, being severely wounded in the gal- lant (liseharge of his duties; Major Call already killed, and 10 out of 11 company commanders of the Second Florida killed or wounded. The position of Colonel Permy was critical and dangerous. Ho dis- charged his duty with signal honor to himself and to my perfect satis- faction. Colonel Edmonds, Thirty-eighth Virginia, had his horse wounded under him, and himself struck with a fragmeimt of spent shell, causing a l)ainhil contusion, yet he left the field only for a short space, and re- turned to his command which he led in the most handsome manner. Lieut. Col. P. B. Whittle, Thirty-eighth Virginia, had his horse shot three times, and being dismounted, fought gallantly for-ward omi foot, doing everything in his power to contribute to the result of the day. Maj. Joseph H. Cabell, Twenty-eighth Virginia, also had his horse shot under him, and charging considerably in advance of his regiment, was the second man to place his hand upon a piece of the enemys artil- lery and claim it as our own. The first man was an officer of the Sec- ond Florida, killed soon afterwardperhaps Captaimm Flagg. Lieutenant-Colonel Taylor and Major Wilson, of the Second Missis- sippi Battalion, did their whole duty throughout the day, and succeeded in reforming parts of their line of skirmishers into bodies and carrying them into the fight. I regret that circumstances did not afford their fine battalion the best opportunity for separate action on that day. Major Maury, Twenty-fourth Vim-gimmia, had his horse shot and him- self soon after wounded at an early hour while gallantly leading his * Not found.

