
Company G.Sergeant Weeks. Company 11.Private ilankiuson. The field officers of the Twenty-fourth Virginia and the Twenty-third Korth Carolina being all absent their lists of merit have not yet been forwarded. Captain I3ondurant proceeded under orders from General lull down the road to support the advance of the infantry, until, encountering a heavy fire, they were ordered to find a position to the right of the road, where Captain 1}on(iurant aelivered a telling fire, first with two and then wit ii all six pieces. Later in the afternoon he was ordered up near the captured works to relieve Captain Carter and rake the road. He reached that groLiiI(l in time to render handsome service in playing upon the enemys re-entoree- inents coming tip the roa(l. The loss of the battery was Private Knight, killed, and Privates J. A. Meek and James Spinner wounded, and 12 horses killed or (us- abled. I must, not omit to acknowledge the valuable Services of Captain (lard ncr, assistant adj utant- general upon General Earlys staff, who vol- initeered to ren(ler me his assistance. 1 assigned him to (lilty with the Twenty-fourth Virginia., with whom he went into the fight, exhibiting 1)0th coolness and discretion. In concluding this report it becomes my duty to pay the last tribute of respect to the memory of my assistant adjutant general, Capt. J. Lawrence Meem whose conspicuous gallantry won the admiration of all who saw him, and added to the laurels which lie had gathered at Williamsburg and on l)revious fields. At a late honr lie was instantly killed. By his death the service is deprived of a gifted young officer and society of a favorite whom we shall long deplore. My aide-de-camnp, Lient. D. P. Halsey, having attracte(l universal app1 ause throughout my entire command by his handsomn e behavior, was rallying a disordered regiment and leading it forward with their colors iii his hand when lie received a dangerous wound iii the head, which will deprive me of his valuable services for a long time to come. Havin thus most iml)erfeetly reported the operations of my coin- mand, I forward herewith the reports of the subordinate command- ers and complete lists of casualties, showing the loss of the bri-ade to be Killed outright 98 Wounded 600 Missing 42 Total 740 Half of tIme missing supposed by regimental commanders to be killed or wounded. I have the honor to be, major, your obedient servant, S. GARLAND, JR., Brig. Gen., Commanding Third Brigade, lulls i)ivision. Maj. J. W. RATCUFORD, Adjutant- General, & e.

