
quences to my command, but by the quick, intelligent co-operation of Lieu ten ant -Colonel Johnston the moveuuent was stopl)e(l, and we again l)resse(l Thrward, drove the enemy from his strong position, and were entering the abatis when General Garland rode UI) an(1 ordered me to move by the left flank. In the execution of this or(ler the three right conupaines became detached, but were gallantly led by Lieutenant-Col- onel Johnston across the Williamsburg road, and co-o~)erati11g with the Fourth North Carolina, charged in the direction of the battery in the rc(loltbt, officers and men acting nobly bitt suffbring terribly. Having passed the opening and the abatis ~vith what was left of my counmamid, with a part of the Twenty-fourth Virginia I again pressed for~vai~~l, the enemy fighting bitt giving way. The swampy earth and thick undergrowth continued to check rapid movement. The Second Florida, on my left, was hard pressed. When the Forty-ninth Virginia came up cheering upon our right the enemy began again to give way an(l our line went forward. About this time my horse was shot, and in ihiling with him I was so much injitred as to be incompetent for fttrther service. All the field officers and two-thirds of the company officers were now hors de combat, but several officers and many of the ntemi joined other commands and fonght on until night closed the engagement. Colonel Tiventy-th~rd North CHRISTIE Carolina Regiment.] Captain, A djutant- General. No. 112. Report of Capt. John R. Ba,qby, Fourth Virginia Battalion. HEADQUARTERS FOURTH VIRGINIA BATTALION, Camp, Ropers Mill, June 6, 1862. SIR In compliance with an order received this morning I sitbmnit the folloW ug report of the operations of time Fourth Virginia Battalion on ~imtur(1ay an(1 Sunday, May 31 and June 1 It i~ due to jnstice to say that the battalion, without any regular oi-gaumizatiou, having beemi together but a few days before they were omdemc 1 into the l)attlc, and having had no opportunity to acquaint tlmelnMQlvcs with infantry drill, with the exception of Captain Whites company, a temuporary organization was efibeted, without authority, by the selection of Capt. C. C. Otey lieutenant-colonel [amid] Capt. John R. Thmgby as major. On the morning of May 31, after a fatiguing march through mud and waler of several miles, we were formed in line of battle on the right of tIme Williamsburg road. From thence we l)asSe(l through the woods to ami O~)e11iuig in front of time enemys intrenchmnents omt Barkers farmn. We were theim ordered to charge tlme enemy through some felled trees, which we did withoutt encountering any serious resistance, and reached time emmemnys intrenchments in good order, some four or five of the bat- talion being wounded. At this jumicture one of the companies (Captain I3agbys) was ordered to take charge of three pieces of artillery left by the retreating foe. This duty was discharged, firimmg imtto two regiments of Yankees tbrming to attack us with considerable effect. Also a por

