
But one squadron of my cavalry has arrived; that will be disembarked at once and sent to the front.

If there is any cavalry in Washington it should be ordered to report to me at once.

I still think that we should first provide for the immediate defense of Washington on both sides of the Potomac.

I am not responsible for the past, and cannot be for the future, unless I receive authority to dispose of the available troops according to my judgment. Please inform me at once what my position is. I do not wish to act in the dark.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding U. S. Army.

ALEXANDRIA, August 27, 1862-6 p.m.

I have just received the copy of a dispatch from General Pope to you, dated 10 a.m. this morning, in which he says: "All forces now sent forward should be sent to my right at Gainesville." I now have at my disposal here about 10,000 men of Franklin's corps, about 2,800 of General Tyler's brigade, and Colonel Tyler's First Connecticut Artillery, which I recommend should be held in hand for the defense of Washington. If you wish me to order any part of this force to the front, it is in readiness to march at a moment's notice to any point you may indicate. In view of the existing state of things in our front, I have deemed it best to order General Casey to hold his men for Yorktown in readiness to move, but not to send them off till further orders.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding U. S. Army.

On the 28th I telegraphed as follows:
HEADQUARTERS CAMP NEAR ALEXANDRIA,August 28, 1862-4.10 p.m.

General Franklin is with me here. I will know in a few minutes the condition of artillery and cavalry. We are not yet in condition to move; may be by to-morrow morning. Pope must cut through to-day or adopt the plan I suggested. I have ordered troops to garrison the works at Upton's Hill. They must be held at any cost. As soon as I can see the way to spare them I will send a corps of good troops there. It is the key to Washington, which cannot be seriously menaced as long as it is held.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.

I received the following from the General-in-Chief:

WASHINGTON, August 28, 1862.

I think you had better place Sumner's corps as it arrives near the fortifications, and particularly at the Chain Bridge. The principal thing to be feared now is a cavalry raid into this city, especially in the night-time. Use Cox's and Tyler's brigades and the new troops for the same object, if you need them. Porter writes to Burnside from Bristoe, 9.30 a.m. yesterday, that Pope's forces were then moving on Manassas, and that Burnside would soon hear of them by way of Alexandria. General Cullum has gone to Harper's Ferry, and I have only a single regular officer for duty in the office.

Please send some of your officers to-day to see that every precaution is taken at the forts against a raid; also at the bridge. Please answer.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Major-General McCLELLAN.

On the 29th the following dispatch was telegraphed:

CAMP NEAR ALEXANDRIA,

August 29, 1862-10.30 a.m.

Franklin's corps is in motion; started about 6 a.m. I can give him but two squadrons of cavalry. I propose moving General Cox to Upton's Hill to hold that important point with its works, and to push cavalry scouts to Vienna, via Freedom Hill and Hunter's Lane. Cox has two squadrons of cavalry. Please answer at once whether

7 R R-VOL XI

