
we reached the edge of the thicket, seeing the enemy in front, I ordered the fire. For a moment it ran along the line, not fair1~~ yet in position, and was then followed by a long, loud, and continued roll of musketry for full fifteen minutes without cessation. I had heard many a volley before, bnt never one so ~)rolonged and continuous. We evidently were unexpected there, were near at baud to the foe, and struck them like an avalanche. Their shot and cannon balls came like hail into the bushes around mis, but tim e men lay close to the ground and only rose up on the knee to lire. The enemy were in great force before us, at least ten to one, and increasing by re-enforcements, and at their fire about 100 of our men broke to the rear, but happening to be just there I easily rallied them, and they fought like heroes, and more than redeemed the act of a niomnentary panic. All acquitted themselves well, amid when we emerged from the woods an(l swept through the desolated camp of the enemy, amid their dead and wounded, their property lying everywhere around not one article was taken by tIme men, who maintained their ranks like true soldiers, and ultimately Passed the night in line of battle without fire or light in another part of the woods, ready to receive an(l check the enemy should he advance, also taking a number of prisoners. My brigade was again called 111)Oli the next day to resist the enemy, actively engaged out of view with another l)art of our army, but I pre- smume he had had enough of the light and carnage for once and did not appear. Our 1055 in the battle was more than one-seventh of time whole bri- ga(le, ami(l of these very few not killed or wounded, and I regret being oblige(l to rel)ort Col. B. I). Fry, Thirteenth Alabama Regiment, severely wounded in the lmand~ Col. E. A. ONeal, Twenty-sixth Alabama Regi- ineut, badly imijured by a canmmon~sluo which killed his adjutant; Lieut. Col. J. M. Newton, Sixth Georgia Regimemit, wounded in time leg, and Lient. Col. It. H. l~awson, Tlmirteenth Alabama Regimnemit, hurt by time fall of imis horse, killed under him. Gue of my aides (Lieutenant Tyler) had his horse also killed under him, but otherwise escal)e(1; yet all these oflicers remnaimmed on the field of battle, bravely perfi)rmning their duties to the last, an(l our surgeons an(l assistammt surgeons deserve credit for time i)rolnl)t and efficient umanimer iii which their services were performed, an(l also the members of my staff zealous in the discharge of their duties. Finally, I)ermit me to say that I am i)roli(l of my brigade, which richly merits my timanks and deserves the gratitude of our country. Very res~)ectfully, your most obedient servant, G. J. RAiNS, Brigadier- General, Corn manding. Mmij. J. W. RATORFORD, A. A. U., Headquarters Third Division, in the Field. No. 114. Reports of Brig. Gen. B. F. Bodes, C. S. Army, commanding brigade. RICHMOND, V A., June 7, 1862. MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the oper- ations of the Third Brigade, Major-General Hills division, on the 31st

