
battery of seven guns was in a moment after silenced and the occnl)atlts of the redoubt driven out by Captain Carters five Lieces. Captain Carter, so far as the enemys first line of intrencliments was concerned, had achieved a victory, for npon moving forward with the whole bri- gade to attack the enemy, having already abandoned his guns and redoubt, lied from his intrenebments and camp to OCCUPY a line of abatis and woods about 150 yards in rear of the redoubt, leaving behind him seven pieces of artillery, several horses, a large quantity of quarter- masters, commissary, and medical stores, including a large quantity of lemons, one four-horse wagon and team, with a large amount of baggage of both officers and men. From this new position they opened fire upon my right regiment, the Sixth Alabama, across an open field. Finding that they outflanked smartly my right amid that my left was exposed, as I saw no Confed- erate troops omi that flank, and that the brigade would be well protected on the outsl(le of the enemys works and by a fence extending in front of a. thin skirt of woods occupied by my right regiment, I gave orders that. it shouhi occupy and hold that line while I waited for General Rains to come up omi my right and until I could examine the ground to The left of the Williamsburg road, my left flank being al)1)roachled closely by woods. At the moment of our taking possession of the works I (hiseovered a brigade of Federal infantry approaching my bri- gad e from the woods just mentioned on the left of the Wihliamnsburg ioad. The head of this column halted within 350 yards of the redoubt. I imimmediately caused the Fifth Alabama to occupy the redoubt and the rrwelth Mississippi to occupy the rifle pits between the redoubt and the Williamsburg road, and called for a company of the heavy artillery to turn upon the enemys column some of his abandoned guns, an order which Captain Bagbys company promnptly obeyed. But before he succeeded in opening ~re Captain Carter arrived with his battery, and mmmediatelv opened fire with the first of his pieces and in a niomemit aiterwar(l with a second. In a few moments Captain Bagby, havimig succeeded in getting two of the enemys pieces iii l)osition, opened fire impon hima, and then under the comubined fire of those four pieces he gave way and retired. Aim attack being threatened in front, as soon as the force on tIme left was (hisl)ersed one of Captain Carters l)iCCeS was, nuder tIme (lirection of Major-General Hill, who had just arrived, l)laced in such a position as to enfilade the road. At this moment, from a point 600 or 700 yards down this road and directly imi front of our 1)osition, the enemnys bat- tery ol)emled fire upon us with considerable effect, sweeping oft almost every man front Captain Carters last-mentioned piece. This fire was at once rel)hied to by Captain Carters four remaining pieces and by one or two 1)ieces of the Lathamn Battery, which just then arrived under Captain I)earing. it. was at this juncture that Captain Carter amid his men gave a second illustration of their extraordinary coolness an(l courage, f lie first hay- ing l)eeum given in unhimnbering his pieces in ami open field and attackimig with success the enemys redoubt, defended by heavier pieces than his, at time (histance of 400 yards. Finding that Comifederate trool)s were arriving on my right and left, I ordered my brigade to unove forward agaimi, which it bravely did, though emmeoumutering a heavy fire of nmusketry and artillery from tIme enemy concealed belmimid a secon(l row of al)atis, woods, ammd fence. My two right regiments, time Sixth and Twelfth Alabama, suffered se- verely in this advance. The Sixth Alabama, upon moving across the

