
Report of Gol. John B. Gordon, Sixth Alabama Infantry, commanding Rodes brigade. Although Brigadier-General Rodes did not retire from the field in one hour and a half after he was wounded, and not until the firing had entirely ceased, he was compelled from exhaustion to turn over the command of the brigade. Notified that I was placed in command, I re- ported to Major-General Hill for orders. Under his direction I moved. the brigade about half a mile to the rear, and ordered them to encamp on either side of the Williamsburg road, spending nearly the entire night. with large details from the brigade in nursing the wounded whom the~ surgeons had been unable to remove. I was ordered soon after the firing began Sunday morning to move. the brigade forward to support the troops then engaging the enemy om the left of the Williamsburg road and to prevent the enemy from re- taking his earthworks. Moving down by the right flank, we met frag- ments of a regiment which had been routed by the enemy retreating~ officers and men, at a rapid pace and in great confusion. Every effort was made to rally them by appealing to their pride and patriotism and pointing to the example then being set by the men who had borne the burden of the day before. Rebuked by Major-General Hill, who wa~ passing at the time, a few of them formed in rear and followed the bri- gade to the position designated by General Hill. Forming a line around the front of the abatis, on the left of the road, this position was held in constant exl)ectation of being called into action, until we were re- lieved by the brigade of General Colston. Among the articles captured by this brigade was a flag, since turned over to the proper authorities; the order-book of Colonel Bailey, First New York Artillery, and the orders and correspondence of General Casey. Among the latter was a letter to Secretary Stanton in reference to the means to be adopted to hold the Confederate States in subjee- tion when conquered. This letter has since been published. I inclose herewith a list of the casualties of each command of the. brigade. I am, very respectfully, major, your obedient servant, J. B. GORDON, Gol., Gomdg. Third Brig., Third Div., Army of the Potomae. No. 116. Report of Cot. 0. 0. Pegues, Fifth Alabama Infantry. HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ALABAMA REGIMENT, Year Richmond, Va., June 5, 1862. In obedience to an order received I herewith submit a report of the action of the Fifth Alabama Regiment, together with a list of the casu- alties, during the battle of the Seven Pines, on May31 and June 1: Saturday, about 11 a. in., the regiment moved down the Charles City road about 1~- miles, and, filing to the left, approached the enemys works on the right of the Williamsburg road. After passing through a dense swamp covered with water. the regiment emerged from the woods in front of the enemys camp, which was fortified with a redoubt and a. long line of breastworks and rifle pits, and advanced toward it over an abatis formed by thickly-felled timber, which in some Places 62 R RVOL XI

