
was almost impassable. While in the abatis an order was received to move by the right flank and approach the redoubt more in rear. I immediately moved the right wing in the direction ordered, leaving instrnctions with Lient. Col. J. M. Hall to follow with the left wing. In consequence of a wound received in the hand Lieutenant-Colonel Hall left the field before executing this order; hence the left wing re- mained in the abatis in front of the redoubt, being at the time under command of Maj. E. L. ilobson, where it suffered severely from the enemys batteries and long-range guns. The right wing formed line on the left of the Fourth Virginia Battalion, and the entire line was ordered by General IRodes in person to charge the redoubt. While making this charge the left wing emerged from the abatis, took its proper place in line, and the whole regiment charged over the ditch an(l embankment into the redoubt, where we captured a stand of colors and six pieces of artillery. The artillery was immediately turned on the enemy, and under the management of Captain Bagby, of the Fourth Virginia Bat- talion, did severe execution upon the retreating enemy. This position was held by my regiment niitil the command was given by General IRodes to advance. The regiment moved throngh the enemys camp into the open field beyond under a heavy fire of artillery and small- arms from the enemy, who was concealed in the felled timber in rear of his camp. Here we remained one and a half hours under a galling fire and un- able to return it ourselves on account of the Virginia battalion being in front. It was here my regiment suffered most severely, losing more than 100 men in killed and wounded at this particular spot. I was finally ordered to lead my regiment under cpver of a wo6d-pile about 60 paces to the rear, where it remained until the fighting for the day ceased. On tbe following day (Sunday, June 1) the regiment, with the rest of the brigade, was ordered to the support of General Mahones command, then engaged with the enemy. In this position the enemys artillery and musketry played upon us, but being under cover of the woods, we sustained no loss. Dnring the progress of the battle many instances of imidividual heroism and bravery occurred under my own observation, but where all behaved so well it would be invidious to discriminate. I eannot, however, for. bear to mention the coolness and bravery with which Major Hobson acted throughout the entire engagement. His horse was killed while in the abatis in front of the redoubt, but he continued on foot and dis- charged his duties coolly, bravely, and to my entire satisfaction. My acting adjutant, Lieut. It. Inge Smith, displayed great courage and rendered me efficient service in carrying orders and assisting me with his presence and counsel throughout the action. All the captains and other officers under my command merit the highest praise. By their example they encouraged the men to the discharge of their (luties. I take pleasure in stating that I discovered hardly a single instance of trel)idatiOn. Officers and men behaved bravely and were guilty of no conduct unbecoming worthy soldiers. The list of casualties hereto appended shows a loss of 229 killed and wounded and only 2 missing and unaccounted for, which is sufficient evidence of that bravery and gallantry with which this regiment acted. Respectfully, ~. ~. PEGUES, Colonel, Commanding Fifth Alabama Regiment. 1\Iaj. U. A. WHITING, Assistant Adjut~xnt-General.

