
night having set in, retired down the road about half a mile, where we remained until morning. The number of men carried into the fight, as near as can be ascer- tained, was about 408; number killed, 59; number wounded, 156. Thus more than half carried into battle were killed and wounded. B. B. GAYLE, Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding. No. 119. Report of Brig. Gen. George B. Pickett, C. ~. Army, commanding brigade. ______ , 1862. SIR: On the afternoon of May 31, and just as the battle of Seven Pines was being opened by Major-Genei~al Longstreet, I was directed by that officer to move with my brigade to the York River Railroad, cover the same, repel any advance of the euemy up that road, and to hold myself in readiness to move to the support of our advance if needed. About 9 p. m. received orders from General Longstreet to march my brigade at daylight and report to Maj. Gen. 1). II. Hill, at or near Seven Pines; moved accordingly, found General Hill at General Caseys late headquarters, just in rear of enemys redoubt The Redoubt. My brigade had marched on some 400 yards in advance of this point when it was there halted. General Hill directed me to ride over to the rail- road and communicate with Brigadier-General Hood, whose right was resting on that road. I asked General Hill of the whereabouts of the enemy. He said they were some distance in advancein fact, I had no definite idea where, as I saw no one and had not had time tp examine the nature of [~the] ground or the position. With two of my staff officersCaptain Pickett, assistant adjutant- general, and Capt. R. Archer, aide-de-campI proceeded through the undergrowth and thickets toward the railroad some 400 yards, when I was met by a party of the Louisiana Zonaves (who had evidently been on a plundering expedition) rushing past me at a most headlong speed. One fellow, riding a mule with a halter, I seized on and detained for explanation. He said the enemy were within a few yards of us and entreated me to let him save himself. I immediately rode back with him at a gallop, and as briefly as possible informed General Hill of the circumstances. He ordered me to attack, and I supposed same order was given to other brigade commanders. I rejoined my brigade at once, and by a change of front forward put it in line of battle nearly perpendicular to the railroad and advanced. Armistead on my left, and Pryor and Wilcox (the latter I did not see, but heard he was there) on my right, struck the enemy within a short distance (who opened heavily on us), drove him through an abatis, over a cross-road leading to railroad, and was advancing over a second abatis when I had dis- covered Armisteads brigade had broken and were leaving the field pell-mell. At this moment I was on foot and half way across the abatis, the men moving on beautifully and carrying everything before them. I could scarcely credit my own eyes in witnessing this misfortune on my left. I immediately rode to that part of [the] field; found nothing between me and [the] railroad except the gallant Armistead himselt

