
Coistons regiments came up on the left and Mahones on the right. The enemy retreated to their bushy cover and their fire immediately slackened. No other attempt was made by them to advance, and about 1 p. in., [judge, by General Hills order, I withdrew the whole of our front line, Pryor and Wilcox, and some other troops I do not remember, being in position some 400 yards in our rear. We withdrew in perfect order; not a gun was fired at us, and bringing off all our wounded. This was the conclusion of the battle of Seven Pines. No shot was fired afterward. Our troops occupied the same ground that evening, June 1 and that night, which they had done on the one previous. General Mahone, with his brigade, occupied the redoubt, and our line of pickets was thrown well out in advance. I know this of my own personal knowl- edge, for General Hill sent for me about 1 oclock at night, or, rather, morning of June 2, and I went to the redoubt in search of him, and still farther on toward our picket line. General Hill gave me special orders to cover [the] withdrawal of the troops with my brigade, which, by the way, proved a much easier task than I had anticipated. I had formed my line of battle two regiments on each side of [the] road some little distance in our rear of the redoubt. The whole of our force filed past by half an hour after sunrise. I then leisurely moved off, not a Yankee in sight or even a puff of smoke. My brigade consisted of [the] Eighth Virginia, IAeut. Col. N. Berkeley; Eighteenth, Col. R. E. Withers; Nineteenth, Col. John B. Strange, and Twenty-eighth, Col. William Watts. Aggregate, 1,~700. Loss, 350 killed and wounded; no prisoners. Very respectfully, GEG. E. HCKETT, Brigadier-General. General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON. No. 120. R~~port of Cot. H. B. Tomlin, Fifty-third Virginia Infantry. JUNE 5, 1862. CAPTAIN: On Saturday, May 31, the Fifty-third Regiment Virginia Volunteers was assigned as its position the left of Brigadier-General Armisteads brigade, and while marching from the Charles City to the Williamsburg road, with the right in front, was, upon reaching the lat- ter road, ordered by Major-General Longstreet to remain as a reserve with him until further orders. It was then detached from General Armisteads brigade. Early next morning I dispatched Maj. G. M. Waddill to report the above fact to General Armistead, to ascertain the position he occupied, and to report that I would join him with my regiment as soon as re- lieved. Maj. G. M. Waddill returned, reporting that he could not fihd General Armistead. I dispatched Maj. G. M. Waddill the second time and followed on as soon as relieved by General Longstreet. Tpon reaching Seven Pines, Maj. G. M. Waddill indicated the direc- tion in which General Armistead had gone, and informed me that his adjutant had sent me instructions to deploy on the left of the Ninth Virginia Regiment, then not in sight, and saying it had entered the

