
Maj. G. M. Waddill was thrown from his horse. Adjt. E. C. Hills horse was shot in the leg, and my own horse was shot in three places that I know of and killed. Very respectfully, your obedient servant, H. B. TOIVILIN, Colonel, Oomdg. Fifty-third Regiment Virginia Volunteer8. Capt. J. D. DARDEN, Aide-dc-Camp and A. A. A. G. No. 121. Report of Brig. Gen. Cadmu~ M. Wilcox, C. S. Army, commanding un gade. HEADQUARTERS WILCOXS BRIGADE, Near Richmond, Va., June 12, 1862. SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the opera- tions of my brigade in the battle of the 31st ultimo (Saturday) and 1st instant, known as Seven Pines: On the 30th ultimo orders were received to be prepared with ammu- nition and cooked rations for an early march the following morning. At 6.30 a. m. the brigade moved from its camp near Mechanicsville turnpike by by-paths across to the junction of the Charles City and Williamsburg roads, and remained at this point till 3.30 p. m. I was then ordered to move with three brigades, my own Colstons, and Pryors, on the Charles City road in rear of a part of Liugers division (Blanchards and Armisteads brigades) as a support to these troops; this order was soon modified and my three brigades ordered to precede Hugers two. Having passed Hugers brigades, the march was con- tinued but for a short time, when orders were again received, and this time to counter-march to the Williamsburg road and follow on in rear of the troops then advancing. The brigades had retraced their steps near 1 mile, and orders were again given to face about and march down the Charles City road, and to keep abreast with the firing then heard raging furiously off to our left front, aLld known to be on the Williams- burg road. Again orders were received in writing to move across to the Williams- burg road, following country roads and paths through woods and fields, a guide being furnished to conduct the ebommand. The intervening distance between the two roads was low and fiat, and in many places covered with water and at one point waist-deep. The march was of necessity very slow. It was about 5 p. m. when the head of the column reached the WIll- iamsburg road. The leading regiment (the Eleventh Alabama~ Col. Sy- denham Moore of my brigade) was ordered immediately to the fi~ont by the division commander to report to Maj. Gen. D - H. Hill, who was in command of the troops then engaged on this road. Soon after the Nineteenth Mississippi (Maj. John Mullins) received similar orders. I was directed to place Colstons brigade in rear of the right flank of The troops then engaged; this being accomplished, I moved forward in command of the two remaining regiments of my own brigade (Ninth and Tenth Alabama, Lieut. Col. Stephen F. Hale and Maj. J. J. Woodw~rd) and rel)orted to General ID. H. Hill. The Eleventh Alabama had been ordered by General Hill to report to General Kemper; the latter ordered three companies of this regi- mentto dislodge the enemy holding a certain point that proved to be ~ry

