
annoying to our line. Colonel Moore took command of these companies, dislodging the enemy, receiving two wounds, one of which proved mor- tal, his horse being killed at the same time. This afi~iir occasioned a loss of 06 killed and wounded in a few minutes. On reporting to General Hill he directed me to form in line with three of my regiments in the edge of the woods beyond the field in which were the captured batteries and rifle pits of the enemy. A feeble fire from the enemy continued in the woods for some ten or fifteen minutes after my line was formed and then ceased. The fire, however, on the left of the road continued until after dark, and at times with great vivacity, aiid on this side the enemy had been driven much farther, he not being intrenched. My line remained as formed till 10 p. in., and was then ordered, together with Pryors brigade, near a mile to the front on the road to relieve Andersons brigade, who were reported to be out of ammuni- tion. In reaching this position we passed over the ground from which the enemy had been driven through two of their captured camps and bivouacked in a third. The night was intensely dark, and as the troops moved along the cries of the enemys wounded were heard in the woods and swamps on the right and left, in many places the water being knee- deep. Soon after daylight the following morning a few musketry shots were heard, revealing the fact that the enemy were in our front and rear. Dispositions were promptly made for a renewal of the fight. The posi- tion held by my troops was near a mile in advance ~ the captured bat- teries and rifle pits (Caseys headquarters) of the enemy, and in an open field some 300 yards wide and 1,200 long, and through this in its long- est direction ran the Williamsburg road. The Nineteenth Mississippi had been ordered to report to General Anderson the previous evening, and had been thrown forward a few hundred yards farther on the road. Beyond the regiment a short dis- tance was a second open field, and beyond this the enemys pickets could be seen. Pryors brigade had bivouacked a few hundred yards in rear of mine, but was moved near after daylight, but not until a few shots had been exchanged between the pickets. The field in which my brigade bivouacked was inclosed by a heavy forest, filled with a thick entangled undergrowth of bushes and brain- bles. The ground [was] low and in many places boggy and covered with water. Having no knowledge of the ground or of the position and strength of the enemy, I did not feel justified in making an advance, but made such a disposition of my troops as to be prepared to meet the enemy in any direction he might appear, awaiting orders in the mean time. For this purpose the Nineteenth Mississippi was withdrawn to within 100 yards of the field; the Eleventh Alabama in rear and in edge of woods near the field and to the left of [the] Nine- teenth Mississippi- Tenth Alabama similarly placed, but to the rhht of that regiment; ~inth Alabama in edge of woods also, but to the left and right angles to the Eleventh Alabama, Pryors brigade being held free to take any position that might be threatened by the enemy. Scarcely had this disposition of the regiments been made when mu~- ketry was heard in front of the left of the Ninth Alabama. This regiment was moved to the left; the Eighth Alabama, Pryors brigade, l)nt in on its left; the firing extending toward the right, the Eleventh Alabama was move(l to and formed on the right of the Ninth; and the remainder of Pryors brigade formed on the left of the Eighth Alabama, as the firing seemeu to be extending also in that direction. The musketry had now

