
P. S.When the head of my column reached the Williamsburg road Longstreet said, You have taken a good deal of time to reach this road; for that reason I reported the orders and counter-orders, marches and counter-marches he had given, and that I had made in obedience to his orders. The order given me to retire my command on the second morning was given in writing by D. H. Hill, and for the reason, as he stated in his note, that Mahones men had acted badly. General John- ston, in his report, states that Pickett fought well, supported by Pryoi at least I had seen what purported to be extracts from his report in the papers to this effect. Pryor was under my command, andwas ordered back to me and went back with me, and Pickett, as I was told, continued the fight, not having been recalled, or in violation of orders. Seven Pines, the successful part of it, was D. H. Hills fight. I have thought that General Huger was a little too much censured for Seven Pines by the papers. No. 122. Report of Maj. Gent u8tatne~ W. Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Left Wing. RICHMoND, VA., June 23, 1862. MAJOR: On May 28, by direction of General Johnston, I as~umed command of the left wing of the army, and on the same day placed my own division temporarily under the command of the senior brigadier- general, W. H. 0. Whiting. At 12.30 oclock on the morning of May 31, at my headquarters, on the Brook turnpike, I received a note from General Johnston, directing that my division should take position as soon as practicable upon the Nine-mile road, near the New Bridge fork roads, to support, if neces- sary, the divisions upon the right in an attack upon the enemy, which was.to be made early in the morning. I was informed that in case my division did not arrive in time a portion of the troops composing the center would be moved forward, and I was directed in that event to replace the troops thus moved by my division. Whitings, Hoods, and Pettigrews brigades were placed near the fork of the Nine-mile and New Bridge roads,.Hattons and Hamptons in reserve near Mrs. Christians farm. As the day wore on, and nothing decisive was heard from General Longstreets attack except occasional firing of cannon, it seemed that no real attack was likely to be made, that day at least, but between 4 and 5 oclock heavy musketry was distinctly heard, and General John- ston directed General Whiting to move the three brigades then at that point by the Nine-mile road to Longstreets assistance and the two brigades at Mrs. Christians farm were ordered to move up, follow, and support them. All the generals and staff officers were at once occupied in impress- ing upon the troops the necessity of moving rapidly forward. Hoods brigade was upon the right of the Nine-mile road, Whitings upon the road and somewhat to the left, and Pettigrews following Whitings upon the road. The troops, notwithstanding the mud and difficulties of the ground, moved forward in double-quick time, driving in the advance pickets of the enemy upon their support, and taking and passing their camps with scarcely a perceptible halt or notice, were

