
Meantime the enemy threatened General Whitings position. which was not favorable for defense, and were evidently largely re-enforced and disposed to take the offensive. Reconnaissance ma(le during the morning developed the fact that the enemy were strongly fortified in the position attacked by my division on the previous evening. This, complied [coupled] with the necessity of holding that posinon [portion] of our line which was nearest the Chick- ahominy and covered Longstreets left flank, induced me to direct General Whiting to assume more favorable ground a little in rear. This -also brought his line in better relations with the troops of the center, under General Magruder, and better secured the angle made by our line in front of New Bridge. Such was the condition of affairs upon the field at the time General Lee took command. The next morning (June 2) I was compelled by illness to leave the field. No official reports have as yet been made by [to] me by subordinate commanders. During my absence they may have been, or, if not, prob- ably will be, furnished through the proper channels. General Whiting, commanding division, and General Hood, com- inanding brigade, acted daring the battle of the 31st more immediately under the instructions and observation of General Johnston, and it is therefore not necessary for me to speak in detail of the part taken by them in the battle of that day. They were, however, both equal on that occasion to their former well-earned high reputation for skill and gallantry. I cannot close this report without special reference to the services on this occasion of the officers of my personal and general staff. To do jus- tice to the gallant and highly efficient conduct of each one separately would extend this report far beyond the limits within which I propose to close it. They carried orders and information in every direction with promptness and good judgment, assisted in bringing the troops into action, encouraged and at times commanded them in immediate contact with the enemy, and by their daring, gallantry, and good conduct ren- dered the most valuable assistance. I can in this notice only add the list of the names of those actively engaged upon the field. My personal staffFirst Lieuts. James Howard and B. F. Beckham, C. S. Artillery, aides-de~camp; Capt. B. W. Carter, commanding company of courier guards at headquarters, acting aide-de-camp; Horace Lacey, of Fred- ericksburg, and Theodore W. Hoenniger, of Richmond, volunteer aides. General staffMaj. Jasper S. Whiting, assistant adjutant-general, act- ing as engineer; Maj. Samuel W. Melton, assistant adjutant-general; Surg. E. S. Gaillard, medical director; Maj. Seth B. French, chief com- missary; Maj. Barna McKennie, chief quartermaster; Capt. Charles B. Coilfus, C. S. Engineers. Maj. Walter H. Stevens, C. S. Engineers, chief engineer of the Army of Northern Virginia, reported to me on the evening of the 31st, after General Johnston was wounded. This experienced, skillful, aiid inde- fatigable engineer rendered most important services in his own branch of the profession and in the general staff upon the field of battle. Lieut. Wade Hampton, aide-de-camp to General Johnston, kindly volunteered his services to me after the general left the field, a throughout that night and the next day, as long as I continued in command of the army, he rendered nine great assistance by the prompt- ness and energy with which he discharged every duty. I take this opportunity to call the attention of the general to the high character and important services rendered by the officers and non-coin- 63 U RVOL XI

