
missioned officers and men of Captain Carters company, of the First Virginia Cavalry. This company has been on dnty at my headquarters since September last, and by their good conduct, intelligence, ability, and willingness to perform all that has ever been required of them have become a corps of efficient aids to myself and principal staff officers. They had no opportunity as a company on May 31 of charging and driving a full regiment of infantry from the field as they did on the 21st of July last at Manassas, but in their individual capacity, bearing important orders whenever called npon, they rendered very important service. I would call especial attention to the efficiency, coolness, and devotion shown by Privates B. W. Lynn, A. H. Powell, and W. T. Taylor, of Captain Carters company. They were in the very front of the battle during the contest in the woods, and deserve the highest praise and some substantial reward or promotion for their services in this action. Brig. Gen. J. E. B. Stuart had been for some time attached to my command, but he was during the action of the 31st principally with that portion of his cavalry attached to the three divisions on the right, under General Lou gstreet. He gave me the first information received from the right after the close of the action and rendered me very im- portant assistance during the night. The report of killed wounded, and missing made by Snrg. Johu T. Darhy, acting chief surgeon of my division, is herewith inclosed.* It will be seen from this that the Fourth Alabama, Second Mississippi, Fourteenth and Nineteenth Georgia, and Forty-seventh Virginia iRegi- ments met with less loss than any others engaged. Hamptons Legion suffered a greater loss by far in proportion to its numbers than any other regiment of the division, being ~1 killed and 120 wounded out of 350. My thanks are due to Surg. John T. IDarby, chief surgeon of the divis- ion, and to those under him, for their prompt, skillful, and kind atten- ~iou to the wounded. II regret that in the absence of reports from commanders I am un- aide to discriminate between the highly deserving and those who were not so in the different regiments engaged, and that for the same reason I am unable to furnish a detailed report of the operations of that por- tion of my division not directly nuder my eye during the engagement. Until their report shall be furnished the meed of praise which is due to them must be postponed. I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant, G. W. SMITH, Major- General, Commanding. Maj. THOMAS G. RHETT, Assistant Adjutant- General, Dept. of Northern Virginia. [Indorsement.] RICHMOND, VA., June , 1862. Respectfully forwarded. This report should have accompanied mine of the battle of Seven rines. J. E. JOHNSTON, General. * Not found.

