
JUNE 12, l862.Reconnaissance beyond Seven Pines, Va. REPORTS. No. l.Maj. Louis Diliman, Second Michigan Infantry. No. 2.Lieut. Col. Ambrose A. Stevens, Third Michigan Infantry. No.1. Eeport of Miaj. Louis Diliman, & cond Michigan h~fantry. HEADQUARTERS SECOND MICHIGAN VOLUNTEERS, June 4, 1862. COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your orders I took five companies of your command, on the morning of the 1st instant, for the purpose of finding out the enemys l)OSition. I posted four companies in the vicinity of the steam saw-mill in such a manner as to guard the approaches leading thereto, and with the fifth skirmished the woods in the direction of the battle field of the previous day. We discovered the enemys pickets a few hundred yards from that locality. I posted pickets here and sent out scouts in other direc- tions. These failed to find any traces of the enemy on our left. They, however, succeeded in capturing 10 or 12 of his stragglers, among them a captain and first sergeant, who were sent to the rear. I will also say that we found a lieutenant, corporal, and 2 privates of the Sixth Georgia Regiment at the steam saw-mill wounded. About 8 oclock our pickets discovered several ~t the enemys bat- talions moving down through the woods on our right, and so near that the men were obliged to conceal themselves from view in the bushes. Soon thereafter I heard heavy firing in that quarter. This continued perhaps an honr and a half when the enemy was seen in full retreat in fact, there appeared to be a perfect rout. Officers and men were mingled in complete confusion, many without hats or arms, and all making to the rear with the greatest possible dispatch. I now made a new disposition of my command, putting it in such position as I deemed would most effectually guard against a reiiewal of the attack on this flank. For this purpose 1 extended my pickets farther to the left and front. Early in the afternoon I took one company and skirmished through the woods and over the battle-field as far as the slashing. Beyond this we saw muskets glistening in the sun, which proved to be those of the enemy, who was in some force. The battle-field presented a scene of the wildest confusion. Knapsacks, blankets, tents, hospital an(l com- missary stores, the dead and wounded of both combatants, were strewn indiscriminately over the ground. The bao-~age, however, had been rifled but very little evidently showing that the enemy had been too well engaged on both days to have much time to l)lnnder. In the afternoon of Monday 1 joined my command to that of Lient. Col. Ste- vens, of the Third Michigan, for the purpose of making a reconnais- sance. On reaching a point half a mile in advance of General Caseys former camp I sent out scouts from each company under my command. They penetrated to the front about three-fourths of a mile, coining onto the enemys outposts, the occupants of which fled on their approach, leaving some articles of soldiers use, among others an officers belt. Having fulfilled the objects of our reconnaissance we returned to camp by the Richmond road.

