
 I take pleasure in co1L1~)1imentiflg the officers and men of my corn- mand for the readiness with which they seconded my efforts at carry- ing out your instructions. I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant, LOUIS DILLMAN, 1lft~jor, Second Regiment Michigan Volunteers. Col. 0. M. POE, Commanding Second Michigan Volunteers. [Indorsemeut.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, Savage Station, June 10, 1862. This is the report of an important reconnaissance I had made, of which I had a verbal report, but have been unable until now to get the written. The manner in which the rebels retreated shows how thor- oughly they were routed. Respectfully forwarded. S. P. IIEINTZELMAN, Brigadier- General, Commanding. No. 2. Report of Lieut. Col. Ambrose A. Stevens, Third Michigan Infantry. IIDQRS. THIRD REGIMENT MICHIGAN VOLUNTEERS, June 3, 1862. GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with yoijr orders and the instructions received from General Kearny, on the 2d instant I took 200 men, with the proper officers, and left our camp near the rifle pits at 2 oclock p. m. for the purpose of uniting with a 4etach- ment of the Second Michigan Volunteers, under command of Major Dillman, then on outpost duty near the saw-mill, and making a thor- ough reconnaissance to the front, to ascertain if possible the true position of the enemy. At about 3 oclock p. in. we nnited with Major l)illmans command, and proceeded to skirmish forward between the Williamsburg and Charles City roads, reaching the first line of the enemys pickets, which was found deserted, but with strong indications of having but recently been occupied. At about 4.30 oclock p. in., the Second Michigan Volunteers being short of rations, Major Dillman was directed to return to your headquarters to report and for further in- structions. We were now about 1 mile in advance of the battle-field of Saturday last. The main body of my command, which now numl~ered about 350 men, was directed to halt, while a detachment was thrown forward to scout up on two roads, one of which diverged to the right in the direc- tion of the Williamsburg road and the other to the left and toward the White Oak Swamp. As our scouts advanced along the different roads the indications that the enemy were not far distant became more apparent. We now proceeded cautiou~ly for the distance of about three-quarters of a mile, ~when we again halted and formed in line of battle. It was now about 5.30 p. in., and we proceeded to make a more thor-

