
ough reconnaissance to the front, and for this purpose I detached 65 trusty scouts, under command of the proper officers of the different companies, with orders to proceed, if possible, 100 rods to the front. This was performed successfully, and resulted iu discovering the sec- ond line of l)ickets of the enemy, who fled without firing upon our al)l)roach. After entering several of their bongh houses and securing a few articles left behind by the rebels they retnrned to our reserve. It was nearly sunset, and Major Dillman returning at this moment with your order for our return to camp, we at once took up the line of march, returning to the rifle pits about 8 oclock in the evening. Major Dill- mans command here halted for the night, while ours of the Michigan Third Volunteers came forward and reached this camp after a long and weary march at 10 oclock in the evening. I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant A. A. STEVENS, Lieztt. Cot., Comdg. Third Regiment Michigan Volunteers. Brig. Gen. II. G. BERRY, Commanding Third Brigade. (Indorsement.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, Savage Station, June 10, 1862. This reconnaissance was made in concert with Major iDillinans. Respectfully forwarded. S. P. HEINTZELMAN, Brigadier- General, Commanding. JUNE 2, 1862.Expedition to Wormleys Ferry, Pamunkey River, Va. Report of Capt. August V Kautz, Sixth U. S. Cavalry. CAMP NEAR RICHMOND, VA., June 3, 1862. SIR: In obedience to instructions received I have to report that I proceeded with my squadron, armed with carbines, and two squadrons of Lancers to New Castle, oii the Pamunkey River, yesterday after- noon, where I found the ferry-boat destroyed by some previous party. I ascertained the same to be true at Bassets and Pipingtree, farther down the river, by sending a squadron of Lancers to each point. I arrived at Wormleys Ferry so late last evening that I could do noth- ing, as the boats were on the opposite side of the river, as is also Dr. Worndeys residence, where I expected to find him. I therefore re- turned to New Castle and encamped. Through information obtained last evening and the aid of a slave recently escaped I was enabled to find the ferry-boat belonging to Dr. Wormlcys ferry concealed in a creek near by on the north side of the river, together with the sloop Golden Gate, about 25 tons, from Nor- folk, eight wooden boats, and one metallic life-boat, each capable of carrying from 20 to 30 I)ersons. The ferry-boat would carry two teams with their horses. All these were rendered entirely useless. The sloop was burned.

