
A small canoe enabled me to send Lieutenant Balder and 6 men, who succeeded in arresting Dr. Wormley. I sent him immediately to the provost-marshal-general by Lieutenant Balder, who was directed also to report in person at headquarters the result of the expedition? as I was delayed several hours in destroying the boats. These boats were about a mile above New Castle by the road, on Dr. Wormleys farm, and were concealed, as the entrance of the creek was hidden by the foliage of newly-felled trees. The river was flooded and still rising to-day, and troops could not be crossed without fixing a line. I could collect no satisfactory information that a force was organiz- ing or existed on the north side of the river, as I supposed in my in- structions. Having complied with my instructions I returned to camp with my command this afternoon. Very respectfully, your obedient servant~ AUGUST V. KAUTZ, Captain, AS ixth Cavalry, Commanding Expedition. Lieut. J. C. AUDENRIED, Sixth Cacairy, Actg. Asst. Adyt. Gen., Cavalry Brigade. JUNE 37, 1862.Reconnaissance to the James River to communicate with the Union fleet. REI~ORTS. No. 1.Maj. Albert J. Myer, Signal Officer, U. S - Army. No. 2.Lient. Franklin Ellis, Acting Signal Officer, U. S. Army. No. 1. Report of Maj. Albert J. iifyer, Signal Officer, U. S. Army. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 9, 1862. GENERAL: 1 have the honor to inclose herewith the report of Lid- tenant Ellis, who was detailed in charge of a party of signal officers to reach James River and to reconnoiter with reference to the practica- bility of opening communication with the gunboats. The service has been gallantly and skillfully rendered. It is reported practicable to signal preconcerted messages to the gunboats with rockets. The party reached James River at Westover (the plantation of John Selden), and at Wilcoxs Wharf stopped by signals the steamer Express, on her way down the river with discharged United States prisoners, and boarded her. The gnnboats are reported as passing Wilcoxs Wharf every day. Three of them carry signal flags flyingthis to indicate that they are looking out for our signals at any point on the bank. At Charles City Court-House the people say they are without any government and are utterly cut off from information. No vedettes had been seen in that vicinity for the two weeks past. The only military organization of which the party could hear in that vicinity was the Charles City Troop, who wear citizens clothes and whose muster roll is herewith. This troop was at Turkey Island Bridge. The inhabitants, both white and black, evidenced great terror at the approach of United States troops. The better classes were, however,

