1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
945
little disposition to debate this proposition, I
d6fhe VICEPRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Louisiana that he has
moved to strike out sections , three, four, and
five: but a new section has been added to the
bill as section three. The Senator means
probably the fourth, fifth, and Sixth sections.
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir; the last three
^Th0" VICE*PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana moves to strike out the fourth,
fifth, and sixth sections of the bill, being the
sections in reference to banks based upon coin.
The Senator from Michigan moves to amend
by adding the first and second sections. The
question is first on the amendment to the
amendment, to add to the exclusion the first
and second sections of the bill.
The amendment to the amendment was
reiected •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Louisiana, to strike out the fourth, fifth,
and sixth sections of the bill, being the sec-
tions in regard to banks based upon coin.
Mr. NORTON. If I can get the attention
of the Senator from Louisiana, I should like
to inquire whether he means to strike oat the
section which was added as section three ?
Mr. STEWART. No, no.
Mr. KELLOGG. That has already been
explained.
Mr. NORTON. If the Senator from Nevada
will wait till I have finished my sentence I shall
be obliged to him. A new section has been
inserted in the bill as section three, providing
for the removal of banks from one State to
another. Does the Senator from Louisiana
propose to strike that out?
Mr. KELLOGG. Not at all.
Mr. NORTON. Then I move to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Louisiana
by including section three.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The new section ?
Mr. NORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. Not the one just adopted
on my motion ?
Mr. NORTON. Not the one just adopted j
but the section that was inserted as section
three.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana moves to strike out the fourth,
fifth, and sixth sections of the bill; and the
Senator from Minnesota moves to amend that
motion by including section three, which pro-
vides for the transfer of banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order. The Senate in committee having
adopted the section now proposed to be stricken
out, it cannot be stricken out, it having once
been adopted, until we get into the Senate.
Mr. NORTON. Very well. I am not par-
ticular when I get the vote on my motion. I
withdraw the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order. It is not in order as
an amendment to the amendment in Commit-
tee of the Whole, it being a provision incor-
porated in the bill by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me ask the Chair if
that is the question ? It is to strike that out
with other matter. To strike out A and insert
B is one proposition; to strike out A and
insert C is another. You cannot strike out
the precise section which the Senate have
inserted, because they have voted for it in
those words; but the motion now is to strike
that out and other matter in connection with
it, which is another question.
, The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine is exactly correct until the last
sentence of his remarks. He has misappre-
hended the motion. The Senator from Louis-
iana moves to strike out the fourth, fifth, and
sixth sections of the bill. The Senator from
Minnesota then moves to amend the amend-
ment by adding the third section. It there-
fore stands explicitly, separately by itself; and
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 60.
hence the Senator from Maine will concor witb
the Chair that it is not in order. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana to strike out the sections
with regard to coin banks.
Mr. HOWE and Mr. SPENCER called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 32;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Buckingham)
Carpenter, Casserly, Conklins, Fowler, Hamilton,
Harris, Howe, Howell, Kellogg, McDonald, Morton,
Norton, Rice, Saulsbury, Scott, Spencer, Stockton,
Sumner, Thayer, Thurman, and V ickers—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Br o willow,
Cameron, Chandler, Colo, Corbett, Cragin, Davis,
Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Harlan, Howard,
McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Osborn, Patterson, Poineroy, Pool, Pratt, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull,
Warner, Williams, and Wilson—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Gilbert, Hamlin, John-
ston. Lewis, Nye, Itamsey, Ross, Schurz, Sprague,
Willey, and Yates—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. NORTON. I now move to strike out
section three.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not in order now
and will not be until we get into the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order
except by adding some other section to it.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend the bill
by adding to the fourth section the following
proviso.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The fourth sec-
tion of the printed bill, or the fourth section
of the bill as it now stands ?
Mr. VICKERS. The third section of the
printed bill.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add to the fourth section of the bill the
following proviso:
Provided, That the aggregate amount of banking
capital to be furnished under this section shall not
exceed $50,000,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
is proposed to the section in regard to the coin
banks.
Mr.CASSERLY. Isthatamendmentoffered
to the present third section?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is offered to
the third section of the printed bill.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was about to offer an
amendment from the committee, and I do Bot
know that I ought to do that without making a
momentary explanation, if the Senate will
allow it?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator may
have that privilege.
Several Senators. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the Senator from Ohio; explaining his
amendment ? The Chair hears none. ,
Mr. SHERMAN. I voted against the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Conkling,] although I agreed in the purpose
at which his amendment aimed. I have con-
sulted with the Committee on Finance in an
informal way upon the floor of the Senate^ an-d
the great body of them, perhaps all with a
single exception, are of opinion that the rule
of apportionment here refers only to the
$45,000,000; and I think that is the clear and
obvious meaning of the language. Forty-five
million dollars are to be apportioned according
to the census of 1860; ana then the section pro-
vides that a new apportionment shall be made
as soon as practicable, based upon the census
of 1870.
The only effect it will have is this: Nevada,
Minnesota, Nebraska, and two or three other
extreme western States have since 1860 sprang
into a large population, and under the census
of 1860 they would get scarcely anything of
this increase, while under the census of 1870
they would get considerably more of it, which
would be drawn from the States having an
excess. Therefore this clause was put in,
framed by the Comptroller of the Currency, for
the purpose of enabling him to equalize the
$45,000,000 upon the basis of population in
1870. But as the Senator from New York
thinks the language of the section does not
•express that idea, I will move to insert the
words "of the circulation hereinbefore pro-
vided for;" so that the clause will read:
But a new apportionment of the circulation here-
inbefore provided for—
That is, the $52,000,000—
shall be made as soon as practicable, based upon
the census of 1870.
Mr. OONKLING. May I inquire what is
the difference between that amendment and
my own ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think either is
necessary.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the difference,
I ask the Senator, between his amendment and
the one which he concurred in voting down ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not think either
was necessary; but the very proposition voted
down created a doubt which I wish to remove.
Mr. CONKLING. But will the Senator
answer whether there is or is not a difference
between his amendment and the one which
was voted down? That is a fair question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not waut to go into
any question of grammar or mere matter of
detail. I -simply offer the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not ask a question
of grammar. I want to know whether this
amendment means to confine its operation to
the $52,000,000, which was my proposition, or
whether it means something different? I
submit we are entitled to know that from the
Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there is
any difference. I do not think either amend-
ment changes it in the slightest degree; and I
have taken the opinion of several good lawyers
here who concur with me in that.
Mr. CONKLING. May I be allowed an
answer to this question; is this the same
amendment, in effect, as the Senator under-,
stands it, as the one I offered?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is. I think it
is precisely the same.
Mr. CONKLING. That is a matter of fact
that I wished to know.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to gratify the Sen-
ator from New Y ork in removing an ambiguity,
as he supposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
to insert after the word " apportionment," in
the seventeenth line of the first section, the
words of the circulation hereinbefore pro-
vided'for."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to offer some
amendments to sections four, five, and six. I
cannot vole for them in their present condition.
In line eight of page 3 I move to strike out
" ninety " and insert " eighty "  
Mr. SHERMAN. That has already been
done. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has already
been agreed to on the report of the Finance
Committee. „ ,,
Mr. CASSERLY. Eighty per cent, of gold
notes for the bonds? Then I move to strike
out "eighty," in the next line, and insert
"seventy." „ ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. That part has
been stricken out. The Secretary will report
this part of the section as it now reads as
amended. ' ,
The Chief Clerk. In the sixth, seventh,
eighth, ninth, and tenth lines of the section,
the bill reads:
To issue to the association
culating notes of different den^matione, not less
than fivedollars, not exMedingxn amount ewh^ per
cent, of the par value of the >0°^ deposited, which
notas shall bear upon their feoe the promise ol ttie
association, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has already been
amended very much. 
Mr. CASSERLY. That makes the section
still more objectionable than before. I should
like, if it be in order, to amend that by rein-
