1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
188§
Orleans to Galveston, to the 5th of September
following, when discharged the service. It is
reported by the unanimous consent of the com-
mitter.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object
to it.
Mr. CESSNA. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into
committee has been agreed to, and what has
taken place has been by unanimous consent.
The regular order has now been called for,
which is an objection to everything else.
tariff.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order, being House
bill No. 1008, to amend existing laws relating
to the duty on imports, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, in my
action as a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and as a member of this House,
upon the question of tariff I have always held
in view the question of revenue, and in every
case where it has been proposed to change the
tariff I have acted upon the principle of sus-
taining the revenue of the Government. The
committee have discovered that under an ad
valorem duty a large amount of frauds had been
practiced upon the Government through false
invoices of value, and, wherever practicable
in such cases, have substituted a specific duty
in place ofthe advalorcm. These false invoices
of value have been presented and sworn to by
manufacturers and importers of every grade
in character and of wealth, from the highest
to the lowest, at home and abroad. While
having the question of revenue in view as the
fundamental principle, I have also desired to
judiciously protect our labor and the industries
of the country, and while doing this have de--
sired to reduce the tariff on tea, coffee, sugar,
and spices, articles of daily use and necessity
among all classes of our people, costing all
equally alike according to numbers, and not
according to wealth. These articles are acorn-
fort as well as a necessity of daily use to the
great mass of our people, and should be among
the first relieved from taxation.
1 have also desired largely to increase the
free list by putting upon it articles not pos-
sessed, grown, or manufactured in our coun-
try, in most cases a raw material for many of
our industries; in this way stimulating and
increasing labor, having in view at all times
the financial condition of our country and its
necessity for revenue. And here I must thank
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
for the high and unexpected compliment from
that quarter of the successful action of the
Administration in producing successful results,
showing a surplus of about a hundred million
dollars in the revenue of the country in the
first year of its administration, which has been
honestly and justly applied to the reduction
of its debt and the interest thereon.
I repeat the proposition of the President
and the Secretary ofthe Treasury, that it is of
vital importance to the interests of the country
to keep up the revenue of the Government.
We have barely commenced the great work of
funding and paying off our debt. What has
been done is well done, and should stimulate
us to continue. Our vast resources, our great
and varied industries, accessible to all; our
energies as a people, our pride as a nation,
encourage us to bear taxation until our credit
shall have been placed upon a level with that
of those countries bearing the lowest rate of
interest. To do 1 hia we must continue, under
modifications as proposed in the bill presented
by the committee, our present tarifl'—preem-
inently successful for revenue. It has falsified
the predictions of those who declared it pro-
hibitory and destructive of revenue. It has
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 119.
strengthened old and created new and diversi-
fied industries, and largely increased the pros-
perity of the country. It has encouraged and
increased immigration from abroad. For the
years 1856, 1857, 1858, 1859, and 1860 the
average yearly increase was 169,958; for the
year 1869, 352,569; average of 1869 over the
yearly average from 1856 to 1860, one hundred
and seven per cent., of which a largely in-
creased proportion is skilled labor, and, in
material respects, a better class of persons.
Each full-grown immigrant added to our pop-
ulation adds $1,000 to our material wealth,
for it costs that sum to raise a child to man-
hood. In the country from which he came
he was but a step above want, oppressed by
Government, capital, and caste, receiving pau-
per wages that barely supported life. Here,
in addition to his personal and industrial value,
he becomes a consumer of from three to four
times more in value of our products than
before.
Our progress in population and wealth is
without a parallel in the history of nations.
The rapid and regular increase of our popula-
tion from decade to decade is a legitimate re-
sult in a country so vast in extent, so rich in
all the material elements of wealth, and with
a Government like ours based upon freedom
and justice. From 1790 to 1860 the average
increase of each decade was about thirty-four
percent.; the lowest decade, from 1830 to 1840,
about thirty-two per cent.; the highest, from
1810 to 1820, about thirty-six per cent. This
decade, ending 1870, with a much larger base
of population to cover, and notwithstanding
our civil war, its long duration, vast extent,
and great destruction of life, physical ability,
and material wealth, will show a full average
percentage of increase. In 1850 our estimated
wealth was §7,135,730,228; in 1860 it was
$16,159,616,068; and now, in 1870, $33,180,-
000,000. We must bear in mind that during
the decade now passing away thousands of mil-
lions of dollars have been paid and lost through
the late rebellion. Certainly this decade has
paid its full share of the cost of preserving the
nation, and there is justice in passing a large
proportion of our present debt down upon the
next three succeeding decades. An estimate
of our present and future population and
wealth based upon the same percentage of
increase as in every decade of our past history,
will show the following results:
Years. Population. Wealth.
1870  40,000,000 $33,180,000,000
1380  57,000,000 82,865,868,000
18S0  78,000,000 187,314,863,000
1900 106,000,000 423,330,438,000
What a prospect of the future! "What an
inheritance we pass down to our children and
to succeeding generations! Before such a
future all our sacrifices of life and property, all
our burdens of the past and the present, sink
into comparative insignificance.
Our great diversity of climate, our vast ex-
tent of fertile soil, so easily and cheaply cul-
tivated, and so bountiful in its return to the
labor of man, naturally induces a large pre-
ponderance of agricultural population. The
power to regulate this unequal division of labor
has been conceded to Congress, under the Con-
stitution, from the earliest history of the coun-
try, by all statesmen and all parties ; and the
wisest and most serious consideration of the
legislative power has been demanded and
exercised in the establishment of tariffs for
revenue, incidentally or directly protecting
our industries from foreign competitors and
control.
Independence of Europe in the manufactures
of cotton, wool, iron, lead, copper, salt, and
many other materials, was one of the principal
causes of our success in the late rebellion.
We have within our geographical limits depos-
its of raw material sufficient to supply a large
part of the habitable globe for centuries to
come with all the important productions which
require labor, mechanical and manufacturing
industry to make them useful and valuable to
man. All these without a tariff, both for rev-
enue and protection, would have remand in
their natural state, mainly undeveloped .and
valueless. But the protective system has cre-
ated a thousand new and varied industries,
which have in many of the States drawn from
agriculture so large a proportion of their pop-
ulation as to make them importers from other
States of a large share of their supply of food.
Such is the history of my own State, New
York. A few years ago she exported agricul-
tural products; now she imports them largely.
Not only the older States of the East, but all
the western and southern States, are setting in
motion the spinning-jenny and the loom, light-
ing up the fires of the forge and furnace, and
opening up a great variety of mechanical and
manufacturing industries, and developing ma-
terial resources; thus taking advantage of the
natural productions peculiar to their climate
and soil, increasing local population and con-
sumers, and, by making markets at home, sav-
ing the labor and cost of transportation both
ways, until home demand and home supply
shall produce parallel results and prosperity
rule equally throughout the land. This policy
is plain, practical common sense.
Another decade of years will add a long list
of States to the advocates of the American
policy of efficient protection from the accumu-
lated capital and cheap labor of Europe. How
severely the South suffered in the late rebellion
for the want of mechanical and manufacturing
power! With an abundance of raw material, the
want of investment, experience, and system
rendered the bounteous gifts with which Provi-
dence has blessed them unavailable and com-
paratively valueless. Too late they learned that
cotton was not king. From the lesson of the
past they may learn how to deal with the future.
To them more strongly than to the other States
does the doctrine of protection and encourage-
ment of local industries appeal. Their abun-
dance of raw material, equal in variety to that
of any other section of the Union ; their pecu-
liar productions of soil; their great advantage
of water power; their ample supply of coal and
labor, all combine to promise to them equal
success in manufacturing enterprises with the
North.
A tariff may at first increase prices. In
fact it generally does, the result of which is to
stimulate experiments and investments of cap-
ital for production. New industries are thus
created, and in time supplies are manufactured
and multiplied, until domestic competition
cheapens the cost to the consumer below the
rates of foreign production. The genius of our
people is stimulated, giving birth to a great
variety of industries before unknown in our
country.
Forty years ago I entered as an apprentice
into a mercantile establishment. At that time
the products of cotton and wool of American
manufacture sold numbered aboutfivearticles—
common brown sheeting, home-spun flannel,
woolen cloth, common jeans, and satinets;
and the other day as I heard the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] express his
pride at the exhibition which he saw in Asia
of camels being covered with the commonest
cotton productions of our country, the cost of
which was mainly in the raw material and not
in the labor, I could not but feel my heart, my
judgment, and my pride expand almost beyond
the power of expression in realizing the fact
that to-day in the same mercantile establish-
ment, whose yearly sales now reach $1,500,000,
three quarters of all its articles, numbering
thousands and tens of thousands of articles,
were of American manufacture, the products
of American materials, and the results of
American genius, industry, and labor.
While the free-trader, and those who advo-
cate the interests of the foreign manufacturer,
use the argument that sometime in the past
we were exporters of the common articles of
coarse, cotton fabrics of our manufacture,
