1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
in order that we may all have a fair shake, I
offer the following amendment to the amend-
ment now under consideration:
'Provided, That anybody in any State may have
power to build a railroad from one spot to another
spot, and shall havo all the lands adjoining not
eiaimed by any other railroad.
• [Laughter.]
' Mr. ROBERTSON. That proposition meets
hjy views exactly. If we are to go outside of
the State in which railroads are to be built, and
go into the Territories and give public lands
there to build railroads in the States, I for one,
as a southern Senator on this floor, object to
it. I am willing to give ray vote to grant altern-
ate sections of the public lands in the Terri-
tories, where the country is undeveloped, to
aid in building railroads; but not to go into
the Territories and give lands there to build
railroads in the States. I consider that this
amendment, if adopted, will be a drawback to
the bill, and will eventually defeat it. I hope
it will not be adopted.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 think the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Vermont was a
very fitting and appropriate commentary upon
the legislation which it accompanied. I trust
that the ridicule it was intended most justly to
bestow upon this measure may have its effect
upon the Senate and lead to the rejection of
the amendment to which it is attached.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Alabama.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On that question I call
for the yeas ana stays. I want to see who in
this Senate are ready to vote the public lands
iii the Territories and give them for building
railroads in the States.
Mr. NYE. I do not understand that this is
a proposition to vote lands in the Territories
to construct a railroad in a State.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think, if the honor-
able Senator will read the amendment, he will
find it there.
Mr. NYE. I have read it. It is a proposi-
tion, if I understand it, that grants virtually a
charter to a new road located in the States of
Alabama and Mississippi, and the public lands
alluded to in the proposition of the honorable
Senator from Alabama are the lands adjacent
to the road belonging to the United States,_ in
those States, not in any Territory. I think
the honorable Senator from South Carolina is
altogether mistaken in his remarks.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I suggest to the
honorable Senator from Nevada that this
measure should come up on its own merits,
and not be attached to this bill.
Mr. NYE. That perhaps is a better sug-
gestion than it is lor the Senate to act upon a
false hypothesis. I understand that this is
virtually an amendment chartering a little rail-
road from Decatur, Alabama, to Vicksburg,
making a northern outlet to this great south-
ern road.
M r. WILLEY. Who are the incorporators ?
Mr. NYU. I do not know.
Mr. W1LLEY. What are the rights, &c.,
that this amendment piovides for?
Mr. NYE. I do not know; but I think the
proposition is eutitled to the consideration of
the Senate.
Mr. WILLEY. It is the shortest charter I
ever saw.
Mr. SPENCER. The railroad company is
chartered bv the States of Alabama and Mis-
sissippi. The corporators are a number of
distinguished gentlemen of the State ot Ala-
bama' and several in the State of Mississippi.
Mr. SAY. YER. I do not know anything
about tin; merits of this amendment specially :
but if v.p are to grant ihe public lands on the
I'm* of ihe Decatur. Aberdeen, and Vicksbuig
railroad, on th  ground that it is a feeder of the
Southern Pacific railroad, I see no reason why
4Jsc CUNO.
we should not go toward Chattanooga, and so
on toward South Carolina, and give, lands to
any road that will feed the Southern Pacific all
the way to the Baltimore and Ohio, and if there
are any public lands on that line, to grant them
also ; for the same reason exists precisely for
giving the lands to any other road that feeds
the Southern Pacific as exists for giving them
to this road. We do not know how much of
this road is built. This very road may be all
built; I do not know. The Senate are not
aware of the facts; and there seems to be no
earthly reason for giving any land to this road
that does not apply to giving land to any other
road that leads toward the Southern Pacific.
Mr. FOWLER. There is a road already
chartered leading from Decatur to Aberdeen
and Vicksburg. N ow, the proposition of the
Senator from Alabama is simply to grant the
public lands adjacent to this line of road in
these two States for the benefit of the road.
Because he asks for this proposition at the pres-
ent time, is that any reason why we should go
on and charter every other road suggested in
the country; or because you do not charter
every other road in the country that might be
suggested, is that any reason why you should
retuse to give what is asked for this road at the
present time? I do not understand the force
of such an argument.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am a friend of this
southern Pacific route. I should like to see
the road built, and probably shall have objec-
tions only as to matters of detail. But if I
wanted to defeat it I should pursue precisely
the course which has been pursued in the bill
reported from the committee, and which gen-
tlemen upou the floor insist upon pursuing fur-
ther. In the bill reported from the committee
there is not only a series of provisions for the
Southern Pacific railroad route from a point in
Texas to San Diego, but for four or five other
roads, all of them of considerable length, and
all calling for land grants ; and here is a propo-
sition now for a fifth or sixth road, also of con-
siderable length, also calling for land grants.
Why, Mr. President, nothing like it, I under-
take to say, has been contemplated in any of
the legislation of Congress. Do gentlemen j
expect that such a bill, so loaded down, call-
ing for a gratuity of lands so enormous in the
aggregate, can get through Congress at this
session? Why, sir, if it should be fortunate
enough to obtain a majority in this body, I think
it is hardly possible for it to pass the other
House, which has already shown an awakened
spirit, in accord with the sentiment of the peo-
ple, for scrutinizing and paring down these
enormous land grants with great closeness.
I repeat, sir, that the surest way to defeat
any Southern Pacific railroad bill at this ses-
sion is to pursue the policy which I regret the
committee seem to have pursued, and which
gentlemen 0:1 the floor are now insisting on
eariying to an excess far greater. For one, sir,
I shall feel called upon to resist a bill of pro-
portions so monstrous and so unheard-of as this
; bill seems to present. I shall do it with regret,
i because I sincerely desire the building of a
: Southern Pacific railroad. I think it is for the
j interest of our coast; I think it is due to the
States of the South ; and I regret that the gen-
tlemen who represent that part of the Onion
in this body should^ seem to be so willing to
pnt upon the enterprise of a Southern Pacific
railroad a load that would break the back of a
camel.
I hope, sir, the amendment of the benator
from Alabama will not prevail, at least in its
present shape. Y\re have had no examination
of it by any committee; we know nothing
about it, and I confess my incompetency to
deal with it with any intelligence.
Mr. WARNER. I feel it my duty to state
to the Senate the facts as I understand them 111
regard to this road. The Decatur and Aber-
deen Railroad Company is a company mcoi-
norated by the Legislature of t.ie State ot Ala-
ioamato build a road from Deeatur, m A.abama,
southwesterly to the State line, in the direction
of Aberdeen, Mississippi. If the company has
any charter from the State of Mississippi, from
the State line of Alabama to yicksburg,
not informed of it. A few, days ago . I Ire-
ported, from the Committee on: Public Lands,
a bill granting six sections of land per-.mile to
the Decatur and Aberdeen company, for their
road from Deeatur to the State line, inthedirec-
tion of Aberdeen. That -bill, as drawn, gave
them a grant to Aberdeen, which is in the State
of Mississippi, a little over the border; but after
consultation with my colleague we struck out
"Aberdeen" and put in the "State line," be-
cause, as he informed me then, he had no
information that the company had any charter
for a road through the State of Mississippi.
If they have obtained one since I have had no
information of it. A bill for- a grant of lands
to the Decatur and Aberdeen road has passed
the Senate and is now pending in the House.
I hope that they may be able to go-on and build
their road to Vicksburg; but I do.not think that
it is germane to this Pacific railroad bill, I think
that if we are to add this, we might with equal
propriety add twenty other propositions to it.
I want a Pacific railroad; I want a railroad
from Marshall, Texas, to the Pacific ocean.
That is the great want. I want all other schemes
to be made subservient to that. I ,do not con-
sider that this proposition, however friendly I
may be to it, belongs on this bill.
Mr. SPENCER. If this proposition does
not belong on this bill, it does not belong any-
where. It is certainly germane to this bill. It
provides for one of the most important eastern
connections which the Southern Pacific railroad
■will have, this road running in a northeasterly
direction from Vicksburg, which is the real
eastern terminus of the Southern Pacific rail-
road, or one of the main eastern terwini of
the Southern Pacific railroad. .It is the nearest
route. This Vicksburg, Aberdeen, and Deca-
tur railroad is a new enterprise, just started.
In fact it has been started within the last three
weeks, and there is no railroad that has ever
been proposed which is of so vital importance
to the States of Mississippi and Alabama as
this railroad. The amendment only proposes
to grant lands along the line of the road in the
States through which it runs.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Allow me to ask the
Senator a question?
Mr. SPENCER. Qertainly.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I askthe Senator from
Alabama if there has not already been a land
grant to this road?
Mr. SPENCER. Therehasnot. There was
a bill which passed the Senate two or three
weeks ago granting land from Decatur to Aber-
deen, or rather to the Alabama State line, but
the bill lias not passed the House. If this
amendment prevails, that bill will not be urged
further. There is 110 impropriety whatever in
this amendment.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I am in favor
of the Southern Pacific railroad and of as many
Pacific railroads as companies may project,
and am willing to render any reasonable aid to
any company that will in good faith propose to
construct a railroad 011 or near any particular
parallel of latitude to the Pacific. I was earn-
estly in favor of the road which, has be.en com-
pleted, and its success I believe has justified
the most sanguine expectation of its friends.
1 was also in favor of the Northern Pacific bill
that passed Congress the other day, making a
grant of land without other aid. I hope the
Southern Pacific railroad may also receive
encouragement from Congress in the form of
a donation of alternate sections of lands ; and
if it were possible, and the Government were
able to meet the demand, I would favor addi-
tional aid to the construction of that road.
But, sir, I see that this bill is likely to be
embarrassed in precisely a similar manner to
the original Pacific railroad bill. When that
bill was brought up in Congress, quite a num-
ber of vears ago, almost every road leading
