3778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
States are the conductors and drivers on our
street railroads; and the worst"paid employes
of the Government are the" letter-carriers in
our large cities. They*work fourteen hours a
day. .They trudge through heat and cold,
through rain and snow. Ihey are required to
make five deliveries daily. They are com-
pelled^to pay for their uniforms, a winter and
summer one. They wear out eight or ten
pairs of shoes every year; yet they get but
§600 per annum in the smaller towns, and but
$800 at the option of the Postmaster General
in the larger cities. By the act of 1864 thai-
officer is, nowever, allowed to increase their
pay to $900 and $1,000, the latter being the
extreme limit, on evidence satisfactory to him
of their diligence and fitness.
In the larger cities, as has been well said by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,]
these men cannot properly live on such small
salaries. The labor required of them is double
that for wljjchsuch compensation is ordinarily
paid. A more just proposition than this was
never presented. It appeals to the good sense
of the members of the House, who I hope are
willing to pay these men for the work they do.
Either in this form, or by an amendment more
specific, let us grant their just demands.
A few words now as to the operation of the
free-delivery system. From the experience of
the last year it is estimated that during this
year the revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment will increase ten per cent. They increased
more than five per cent, lastyear, largely owing
to this system ; hence in the continuance of a
plan which works so well, we can afford to make
this small addition to the expenditures of
the Government. As time goes on the sys-
tem can be extended so as to meet the wants
of such places as are spoken of by the gen-
tleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Rogers.]
Mr. BECK. I rise to a point of order. I
make the point that this is independent legis-
lation and not in order to an appropriation bill.
The Ghair has not decided the question, and I
will send the statute to the Clerk's desk to have
an extract from it read. After the Clerk has
read the language of the law I insist the Chair-
man shall give his decision.
The Clerk read as follows:
"119. Letter-carriers shall bo employed at such
post offices as the Postmaster General shall direct
for tho delivery of letters in the places, respectively,
whore such post offices are established ; and for their
services they shall severally""receive a salary to be
prescribed by tho Postmaster General, not exceeding
$8(10 per year."—lirightleifs Digest, vol. 2, page 505.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair ferrules the
point of order.
Mr. MYERS. Now, Mr. Chairman, I have
endeavored to state as plainly as I could the
wants of the postal service so far as this free-
delivery system is concerned. I am glad we
are to have a vote on the question. If gentle-
men will only listen and act in accordance with
their best judgment in the matter, we shall pay
this labor as it deserves, and give a letter-car-
rier at least as much as an ordinary clerk
receives in the several Departments of the
Government hero.
[Here tho hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to modify the
amendment.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. Is it not in order for the gentleman
from New York to consent to a modification
of his amendment?
Mr. COX. Let me hear what it is.
The Clerk read as follows:
And in all cities containing a population of not
less than twenty thousand the Postmaster General is
authorized to establish a letter-carriorsystem.
Mr. COX. I do not see there is any objec-
tion to that.
Mr. BEAMAN. Mr. Chairman, I did not
intend to say anything in reference to the letter-
carrier system, as I was anxious to get this bill
throqgh as quickly as possible. I am satis-
fied, and I believe the members of the com-
mittee will be satisfied ifthey will look into the
question of ,the amount we pay, that it is as
large as ought to be expended by this Govern-
ment for that purpose. Let me call attention
for a moment to a few pregnant facts. I took
occasion to call on the Sixth Auditor of the
Treasury, to get some information in regard to
the operation of the free letter-carrier system.
I have, a list of a few towns, taken at ran-
dom, to show'how the system operates. Take,
for instance, Cambridge, Massachusetts. The
net revenue for the year ending December 31,
1869, was $4,366 52.
Mr. WELKER. What is the population?
Mr. BEAMAN. I have no means of saying
accurately at this time. The expense of the
free-delivery system for the same year was
$3,843 87. Now take Cambridgeport, Mas-
sachusetts: net revenue for the year ending
December 31, 1869, was $5,031 45. The ex-
pense of the free-delivery system for the same
yea* was $3,052 04. Lancaster, Pennsylvania:
net revenue for the year ending December 31,
1869, $9,209 81. The expense of the free-deliv-
ery system for the same year was $4,265 40.
Lawrence, Massachusetts :netrevenue $13,700.
The expense of the free-delivery system was
$6,049 72.
Mr. WELKER. Do you mean to include
all derived from postage?
Mr. BEAMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELKER. Not that derived from the
letter-carrier system, but the general revenue.
Mr. BEAMAN. Yes, sir. Take Manches-
ter, New Hampshire. The net revenue was
$8,379 15; theexpense ofthefree-delivery sys-
tem was $5,259 07, more than one half. Take
as an illustration the town where I reside,
where the revenue is some $5,000, all of which
goes into the Treasury of the United States,
instead of, as in these other places, a large
portion of tho receipts being paid out for
expenses.
Mr. STEVENSON. Have you any first-
class towns on your list, such as New York,
Philadelphia, Chicago, St. Louis, Boston,
Baltimore, New Orleans?
Mr. BEAMAN. No, sir; I have no first-
class places on my list.
Mr. STEVENSON. But in all these great
cities the receipts of the post office largely
exceed all the expenses.
Mr. BEAMAN. That is very true.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted. The question is on
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox,] as modified by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Ingebsoll,] to the
amendment of the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Beaman.]
Mr. ALLISON. Would an amendment to
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It would not.
Mr. D AWES. 1 believe the pending amend-
ment is an amendment to an amendment.
Before the vote is taken, I desire the gentleman
from New York to withdraw it and allow me
renew it.
Mr. ALLISON. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingeksoll]
that he modify his amendment by substituting
the word^ "directed" for the word "author-
ized. ' j The Postmaster General has authority
now, it is said, to do what is proposed in the
amendment, hut does not do it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I accept of the mod-
ification suggested by the gentleman from
Illinois.
The amendment, accordingly, was so modi-
fied.
Mr. WARD, ff rise to a question of order.
I wish to understand whether this amendment,
directing the Postmaster General to establish
this system in all cities containing a certain
population, is in order. I submit that it is not
in order, because it changes existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Qhair has already
decided that the amendment is in-order.
Mr. DAWES. If the Chair will permit me,
I would suggest that this is a different propo-
sition from that whicn the Chair decided to
be in order. The original propssition was to
authorize the Postmaster General to do so and
so. The amendment has since been modified
so as to direct the Postmaster General to do
it. That proposes to alter the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment, as modified, is out of order.
The question is now on the amendment of the
gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is this: that the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ikgersoll,] and accepted by myself, was not
incorporated in my amendment, as I expected
it to have been. I desire simply to accept his
amendment with respect to the amount of
population, and at the same time to raise the
salaries twenty pep cent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot decide
as "to what the gentleman from New York
expected. That amendment has been ruled
out of order.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ingersoll,] insertingthe word "authorized"
where he modified by inserting "directed." I
desire to say a word upon this subject. In
many cities where the population does not ex-
ceed twenty thousand inhabitants this letter-
carrier system has been adopted by the Post-
master General. It is stated by the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Beajiak',] who has charge
of this bill, that this is an expensive sys-
tem. Now, suppose we admit that, I hold that,
whether expensiveor not, the system we adopt
should be uniform throughout the United
States. But the Postmaster General, as I un
derstand, refuses to extend this system unless
a law is passed authorizing him to extend it.
He is authorized to exercise his own discre-
tion ; but he desires a more distinct expression
of the judgment of Congress with "reference to
the propriety of extending the system. I give
notice that if this amendment is voted down [
shall offer another, which I hold in my haud,
providing that this letter-carrier system shall
be discontinued-in all cities having' less than
fifty thousand inhabitants, so that the system
adopted throughout the United States may be
uniform. I now yield to the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Beaman.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
is expired; he has no time left to yield.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Chairman, I rise for
the purpose of saying a very few words on this
question. I think the gentleman who has
charge of the bill has not explained very clearly
from what sources the revenue is derived with
which the postal services of the Government
are carried on. I think he has not stated to
the Committee of the Whole that the large
cities where the free-delivery system has been
established are the places from which chiefly
comes the immense amount of money that is
required to keep in operation our postal system.
If you take the cities of New York, Boston,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, St. Louis, Chicago,
Cincinnati, and other cities, you will find that
their business men^and their citizens generally
contribute to the postal revenues largely in
excess of those who reside in the smaller towns
and less populated parts of the country.
Those cities, therefore, are not asking a great
deal of Congress when they ask that they shall
have the benefit of this free-delivery system.
Why, sir, in such centers of commerce and
trade as I have mentioned, where five or six
deliveries are made in a day, and where as
many or more collections of letters are made
by these carriers, the amount of business in-
volved in transmitting postal matter from one
