.1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
the friends and-protectors of American indus-
try can point-iyith pride to the facts that to-day
the covering worn and used by forty millions
of our people is three fourths of it American
material and American fabric; and that at
no timg did the exporting trade in goods
exceed $5,000,000, and to-day it is about
one million dollars, and gradually increasing,
and the loss in exportation has been supplied
a hundredfold by the home demand. And
should the free-trade interest be allowed to
direct the action of Congress-it would soon
reduce our whole manufacturing industry, and
the operatives employed thereby, to a state of
ruin and beggary, and place the whole country
in a condition of vassalage and dependence
upon foreign supply. I know what 1 say, for
I hold in my hand the tariff which the free-
trade league propose to the country. It was
given to me by a partner of the largest French
importing house in this country. In this tariff
not a single industry or manufacture in the
United States is protected. Thus at one blow
it is proposed to transfer the employment of
millions of our people to Europe, and leave
them here in idleness and absolute want.
When asked what our discharged and idle
people, comprising millions, should do under
this state of tariff, they reply, " Let them go
to agriculture." When asked what will be
done with their products, they reply, " Ship
them abroad." The answer to which is that
the foreign market is already over-supplied
and the prices received there are not remun-
erative or profitable to the producer here.
By this process you make us an agricultural
people, and the history of the world proves
that 110 strictly agricultural people ever became
great, and prosperous.
It is said that the duty upon imported goods
is paid by the consumer. This is not always
true. Of a large shave of manufactured pro-
ducts imported from England, France, and Ger-
many, it may be said that when the amount so
imported is reduced by domestic competition
they can only hold their place in the market
by a corresponding reduction, even at the cost
of the duty and a loss in production to them-
selves. Their necessity at home, the starving
condition of their laborers—men, women, and
children—compels them to run their factories
at least a portion of the time, and to send to
our country, without regard to profit or loss, a
portion of their products, as a lesser evil than
to throw their laborers wholly out of employ-
ment. Work or starve is the only alternative
of their operatives.
To-day, as the result of a protective tariff,
we are supplied with most articles of cotton
and woolen fabric, with merchantable iron and
steel and their products, with iron and steel
rails, and salt, from domestic industry at a price
which compels the foreign importer to pay the
duty himself when offering like productions in
competition with our own. Salt, the domestic
production of which has increased from twelve
to twenty million bushels, and the foreign
diminished only about one and a half million
under the present tariff, has fallen in price by
reason of domestic competition to a lower point
than it was in I8G0 in most of the leading mar-
kets of the country. In New York in 1860 for-
eign salt sold at twenty-three cents per bushel
in gold; to-day domestic salt is twenty-three
cents in currency. In Boston in 1860 foreign
salt sold at twenty-five cents in gold; to-day
domestic salt in Boston is twenty-eight cents
in currency. In Cleveland domestic salt in
1860 sold at thirty-two cents in gold ; to-day
domestic salt in Cleveland sells for thirty-four
cents in currency. In Toledo in 1860 domestic
salt sold for thirty-three cents m gold ; to-day
domestic salt sells there for thirty-three cents
in currency. In Detroit in 1860 salt was thirty-
three and a half cents in gold; to-day thirty-
four cents currency. Chicago, 1860, thirty-two
and a half cents in gold; to-day, thirty-four
cents currency. Tims the fact is demonstrated
that domestic production has overcome the
advance by the tariff, and made salt cheaper
generallythroughout the country; in the West
especially, cheaper than either foreign or do-
mestic salt from 1856 to 1860.
Under the old fifteen per cent, ad valorem
tariff the Onondaga salt was driven almost
entirely from New York, the sea-board, tide-
water, and the Hudson river. The price of
foreign salt was high enough then, so that it
could, considering the price of labor at that
time, have successfully competed with the for-
eign ; but the moment an effort was made in
that direction the price of foreign salt would
fall so low as to cause a loss, and consequently
compel them to surrender the market. Now
the tariff enables the manufacturer to reach
the sea-board, and the power of bearing the
market has been taken from the importer, and
thus far, under the present tariff, all the in-
creased supply of salt used since 1860 has been
of the domestic article, at a price less to-day
than the cost of the foreign article in that and
previous years. It has overcome the prejudice
of the consumer and the interested cry of the
dealer in foreign salt by its use and experi-
ence. A Government test settled the question
of the purity and value of our salt as compared
with that of Liverpool and Turk's Island, and
to-day the great bulk of pork and beef used
by the Army and Navy is cured with it. Stim-
ulated by the increased tariff, the Onondaga
Salt Company undertook to introduce their salt
among the fishermen. The foreign importer,
under a drawback, struggling to retain the
market, compelled them to sell at a loss for a
year or more, believing its use would soon
break down the prejudice against their article.
Its use on the part of the fishermen has demon-
strated the superiority of their salt for the cur-
ing of fish, and to-day they get a better price
and much larger consumption from the fisher-
men for the article.
Here I would ask my western friends, what
can you ask cheaper than salt at one half to
three fourths of a cent per pound ? I agree with
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
that salt should be among the cheapest articles
of life, and I am prepared to sustain the fact
that it is, with the exception of air and water,
the cheapest of all the articles which enterinto
man's daily use and consumption. God in His
providence did not intend that salt should be
like air or water, for ho has made it necessary
to employ labor in its preparation for use, and
that labor is the main element of cost in its
production ; and it must be borne in inindthat
to-day the cost of labor and transportation are
both at a much higher rate than in 1860. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] says
that salt is free of duty in England, the prin-
cipal market upon which we depend for our
foreign supply. As labor is the chief element
of cost, he must be aware of the fact that the
cheapness of the article there is but the evi-
dence of the depressed condition of that class
of the English people. I might as well ask the
gentleman from New York why two millions
and a half of the people of England are in a
starving condition, while we have no such class
or condition in our country ; and I am not sure
that he is prepared to declare to the world that
the American laborer shall be brought to the
same miserable and starving condition ; other-
wise I might charge upon him, as I can upon the
free-trade league, whose tariff he so strongly
indorsed and presented to this House, that with
them these would never be any cessation of
agitation upon the tariff question : never, no
never, until the whole laboring and industrial
classesofthe country were made subject to the
combinations of power and wealth of the cap-
italists of England, France, and Germany.
In addition to the cheapness of production,
salt is also brought as ballast from England
and from her dependencies at a mere nominal
price as freight, thus biinging our sea-board
markets nearer to English ports in the cost of
transportation than our home product, and
while thus? encouraging foreign commerce in-
terferes with and destroys our inland domestic
commerce.
Salt deposits are generally distributed
throughout the country, and are to-day found
in New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan,
Indiana, Illinois, West Virginia, Virginia, Ken-
tucky, Kansas, Nebraska, California, Oregon,
Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, with an im-
mense deposit of pure rock salt in Louisiana now
being largely developed, which will very soon
furnish salt at a low price all through the valley
of the Mississippi and many of its tributaries.
I heard a Louisiana member say to a member
from Minnesota that within the coming season
they would be able to deliver Louisiana salt in
Minnesota for five dollars per ton, or one fourth
of a cent per pound.
By the different census reports we find that
nearly all the States have been reported as man-
ufacturers of salt, extensive works at one time
having been putin operation for its production,
nearly all of which havebeen prostrated and de-
stroyed by previous low tariffs. Massachusetts,
Illinois, and Kentucky were reported as making
hundreds of thousands of bushels ; Indiana,
Tennessee, Missouri, and Florida as making
large quantities. The known capacity of the
first four States, New York, Ohio, Michigan,
and West Virginia, if taxed to their utmost
limit, would annually furnish salt sufficient for
the consumption of over one hundred and fifty
million people.
A great cry has gone forth against the duty
on salt, and it is declared to be a great and
onerous burden upon the people. All taxes
are burdens, but that which touches the pocket
least is the best. We must have revenue, and
salt has responded to that demand by paying
into the Treasury, in 1869, $1,136,225, against
$214,070 in 1860, nearly sixfold increase.
And how much is that burden about which so
much noise is made by the free traders and
friends of English and Spanish salt? As the
estimated consumption of salt in various ways
by each person yearly is about thirty pounds,
and the tariff' being an average of twenty-two
cents per hundred pounds, the cost, if the
consumer pays it, is six and three quarter
cents per year—certainly a very light burden,
and not worth much time or talk in trying to
remove it; and if removed the necessity for
revenue must i nevitably bring it back in another
form.
And here let me add that notwithstanding
the necessity of salt for man, that necessity
demands but a very small quantity, and its
average cost per year to each person is about
twenty-five cents—in some sections a few cents
less, in others a few cents more. It is not the
rate per cent, of duty on the cost which makes
it protective; it is that rate which equalizes
the value in market and produces a fair com-
petition between the foreign and domestic arti-
cle. While the tariff on salt is only about a
quarter of a cent per pound, of which each
person's consumption is only thirty pounds,
the duty on sugar is three cents per pound, and
the consumption about the same; and soon
would the comparison bear largely in favor of
the rate of the tariff on salt.
In connection with my remarks upon salt I
desire to state that the impression given to the
country by Mr. Wells's report of 18G8 makes
true the saying that "there are more false
facts current in the world than false theories.''
His statement conveys the idea that the salt
manufacturers of New York are men of large
cash means, and are embarked in the business
merely for the purpose of investing surplus
capital. The evidence was that, in the main,
the manufacturers were their own operatives,
performing labor with their own hands, and
striving to support their families and pay for
their works.
He also conveys the idea thai the enormous
amount of $2,600,000 profit was made in seven
years on a capital of only $'160,000. The facts
proven were that the actual dividends and
li profits were $1,822,000, showing an error of
