1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3779
part of the city to another yields of itself a
revenue more than sufficient in some instances
to clear the whole expenses of their post offices.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations tells me that the collection and deliv-
ery system in the eity of New York and its
other postal receipts pays so much that its post
office absolutely makes its own expenses, and
in some years this has been the case in other
cities. This, of course, cannot be done unless
we afford sufficient means to pay those em-
ployed, especially the carriers, for it is an
undeniable fact, which the records of the Post
Office Department will show, that just as you
increase the opportunities for frequent corre-
spondence between business people and others
you will add to the receipts of the Department.
Our constituents never complain of appro-
priations made in the right direction. Let
them see that we are legislating for their sub-
stantial benefit, and they will applaud our lib-
erality. We must not be wasteful; but in giving
to those employed fair compensation for their
labor we are doing just as every intelligent
private employer does when he wishes to have
his business well attended to. The present
pay of letter-carriers is far from commensurate
with the work actually done by them. Con-
stant labor from eai-ly morning until late at
night—fourteen or fifteen hours—-such as these
men do is not compensated for by the salaries
at present received. The yearly pay of $800,
$900, or even $1,000—the latter amount but few
of them getting, most of them being paid but
$800—is not enough for their long and weary
day's work. Their occupation is necessarily
hard upon clothing, and the uniform worn by
them, purchased at their own expense, of itself
takes from the amount of their salaries a large
sum every year, to say nothing of other articles
of clothing constantly in use and rapidly wear-
ing out. Even the substitute carrier, who has
but an occasional day's work, must provide
himself with a uniform, the rule being in all
the well-regulated post offices that a man must
first go on as a substitute, and be with nearly the
same expense as the regular carrier, at whose
place he occasionally takes and whose pro rata
pay he receives while substituted for the carrier
not on duty. You will find a number of sub-
stitutes at all the offices ; they are an absolute
necessity of the delivery system. The conven-
tion of the carriers, its members coming from
all the large cities, and they intelligent and
patriotic men, stated in respectful terms the
inadequacy of their pay and expressed a hope
that it would be increased during this session.
I think we should make the appropriation for
carriers large enough to give them $l,200ayear,
and their substitutes should be paid at the same
rate while employed. Of this I am sure the
people would not complain. Now, it is a no-
torious fact, known to every one, that these
men employed as letter-carriers are the poorest
paid men in the employment of the Govern-
ment. This has been said already by others,
and it is absolutely true.
Mr. BENTON. I would ask the gentleman
if they do not receive the same pay now that
they did during the war when money was not
worth half what it is now?
Mr. O'NEILL. These men work fourteen
and more hours a day without rest or cessation
from their labor, and they receive only $800 a
year, §900, or $1,000; while a first-class clerk
in the city of Washington who does not do
half as much work, estimating it by hours of
employment, receives $1,200 a year ; and the
inspectors in the custom-houses of the country
receive about fourteen hundred and sixty dol-
lars ayear ; neither of whom, in my estimation,
are overpaid if they perform their duties well.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a question of
order. No opposition has been made to the
amendment to the amendment, and I rise to
oppose it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposed the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill]
was opposing the amendment.
_ Mr. CONGER. The gentleman mistook the
side he was on. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot help
that.
Mr. CONGER. I make a point of order
that but one person has spoken on the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN, The gentleman is mis-
taken as to the matter of fact.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment, to enable my colleague
[Mr. Judd] to renew it.
Mr. JUDD. I renew the amendment for
the purpose of calling the attention of the com-
mittee to the question, who pays the fiddler?
Gentlemen are exceedingly sensitive about an
extravagant expenditure of money for letter-
carriers, the mail service in whose States is paid
for out of the revenue collected from these large
cities. The gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Rogers] seems to be troubled because his con-
stituents are oppressed by these large expend-
itures. Let me tell the gentleman that the
Post Office report shows that the receipts
from his State are a little over thirty-two thou-
sand dollars and the expenditures over two
hundred and forty thousand dollars. Let me
say to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Shanks,] who has so often called attention
to the extravagance of this system, that the
large cities contribute, by their enormous cor-
respondence, $185,000 over and above all the
receipts from his State.
Mr. VVELKER. What becomes of the thou-
sand towns that do not pay an excess into the
Treasury and are taxed for this?
_ Mr. JUDD. Iam arguing upon the prin-
ciple that these increased facilities for the dis-
tribution and delivery of letters increase cor-
respondence.
Mr. ELA. Suppose one of the gentleman's
constituents in Chicago sends a letter to Little
Rock, in Arkansas, and pays the postage m
Chicago, does the gentleman credit Chicago
with that?
Mr. JUDD. I suppose that every letter sent
to Arkansas requires an answer, and I suppose
that equalizes the matter.
Now, if gentlemen will take the trouble to
look at the figures and see where the revenues
of the Post Office Department come from they
certainly will not grumble at these increased
facilities for the correspondence of the people.
Why, all the New England States, with one
exception, contribute over and above the ex-
penditures within their own borders to pay the
expenses incurred in the States of these gentle-
men who complain so much of this immense ex-
penditure. My own State contributes $317,000
in excess of the whole amount expended within
the State. If gentlemen will take the trouble
to examine the statement furnished from the
Post Office Department they will see where
the revenue comes from.
Mr. WELKER. Your constituents pay no
more postage than mine do.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FERRY. 1 rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and I desire to call the attention of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] to the
fact that if the amendment of the gentleman
from New York is adopted it will have a tend-
ency to prevent the very object the gentleman
has in view, the extension of the system.
Mr. COX. With the permission of the gen-
tleman I will offer my amendment again, to be
added on as an amendment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
do that, as there are two amendments now
pending.
Mr. FERRY. I wish to call the attention
of gentlemen who desire to extend this letter-
carrier system to the fact that if we increase
the compensation of the carriers we in effect
defeat the object of the Postmaster General in
such extension. All who desire to cooperate
with him should seek as far as possible to
economize the expenditures. It is a well-
known fact that the expenditures of the Post
Office Department are largely in excess of the
receipts. If itis a desirable object to extend
this letter-carrier system to cities of a less
population than now designated, it should be
of primary importance to curtail the expend-
itures of the Department. I now state a fact
that perhaps is not generally known to mem-
bers of this House, that at the instance of the
Postmaster General a convention of postmas-
ters was held in this city in January last, and
that this very subject of the increase of the
compensation to letter-carriers was before that
convention ; and after full and deliberate con-
sideration the decision was against the propo-
sition to increase the pay of letter-carriers.
Mr. O'NEILL. Will the gentleman state
whether that convention of postmasters sug-
gested that their own pay should be reduced?
Mr. FERRY. 1 am not to be diverted from
the subject under discussion by any such invi-
tation of the gentleman. When the subject
of the pay of postmasters comes before the
House I will frankly and fully give my views
upon that question. At present I am address-
ing myself to the question of the propriety of
increasing the compensation of letter-carriers,
which is the subject ofthe pending amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is not the gentleman
aware that the letter-carriers themselves are
unanimously in favor of an increase of their
compensation?
Mr. FERRY. I am well aware that the let-
ter-carriers are in favor of an increase of their
compensation ; but the question is whether this
House will please to yield to their demand.
Our object is to grant all the postal facilities
consistent with rigid economy. The conven-
tion of postmasters, knowing the duties which
these letter-carriers have to perform, decided
that it was not a wise thing to increase their
compensation at this time. They affirmed that
there were enough others ready and willing to
take the positions of letter-carriers if those
who now held those places were disposed to
give them up on account of the claimed low
pay they received. I do not know of one in-
stance where a letter-carrier has resigned hia
place because of inadequate pay.
And I will state further, in support of the
position taken by the convention of postmas-
ters, that the question came before the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads of
the House. And the carriers presenting their
claims appeared before that committee, after
this convention had arrived at their conclusion,
and made a full statement of their case. And
after full consideration of the subject the com-
mittee decided unanimously—I think I speak
correctly—that it was not prudent at this time
to grant any increase; that the condition of
the country would not warrant this increase of
pay. And I ask any gentleman within the
sound of' my voice to state if ho knows of a
single instance where a letter-carrier has given
up hisplace on account of the low pay received ?
When our people have less taxes to pay to
support the Government and meet the public
debt it will be time enough to consider the
question of paying over eight hundred and one
thousand dollars salary for these services.
Meanwhile these carriers will, I doubt not,
cheerfully share with others in meeting the
public burdens.
Mr. MYERS. I know of such a case.
Mr. STEVENSON. _ I know of many who
are starving on their miserable pay.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question recurred upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Allisox.
The reading of the amendment having been
called for, it was read, as follows:
And in -all cities containing a population of not less
than twenty thousand the Postmaster General is
authorized to establish the letter-carrier system.
Mr. DAWES That is exactly what the law
is now.
