948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February X?
ation is such as satisfies the committee that
Mr. Booker can take the oath. We are satisfied
that he is a loyal man, although there may be
some technical objection.
Mr. POLAND. I understand that neither
the chairman of the Committee of Elections
nor has any other member of that committee
examined the evidence in regard to the loyalty
of Mr. Booker. The gentleman says that he
is assured this case stands like the case of Mr.
McKenzie, who was admitted yesterday. I
have the information that neither the gentle-
man from Wisconsin nor any other member
of the committee, so far as information can be
obtained from the chairman's statements, has
read the testimony on file; and, sir, I can
assure you and the chairman of that commit-
tee and every member of the House if they
will read the evidence filed before that commit-
tee it is perfectly conclusive that Mr. Booker
cannot take the test-oath unless he perjures
himself. The contestant, who is known to me,
and I suppose on that account applied to me,
showed me the evidence. I have read that
evidence carefully, and I declare that Mr.
Booker cannot take the test-oath unless he
commits the crime of peijury.
Let me say this in regard to whether Mr. i
Booker was a true man or not: he was one of i
the justices of the county court of the county in
which he lived. In those county courts all the
county business is transacted. These justices
have the general charge and oversight of the
county affairs. It exercises a kind of supervisor-
ship of the county. Mr. Booker was one of the
justices of that court before the rebellion and he j
was one of the justices of that court during the
rebelliop. He was appointed by that court to go
to the troops from that county in the confed-
erate army and supply their wants; and his
reportas Buchcommittee-manisupoafilebefore
the Committee of Elections. Why, sir, he can
no more take the test-oath than could Jeffer-
son Davis if he should be sent here as a mem-
ber.
I assure you, Mr. Speaker, and I assure every
member of the House, that what I say I say
upon my responsibility as a member of this |
House, after personal examination of the evi- j
dence. Mr. Booker stands here differently and
upon differentground from Mr. McKenzie, who
was admitted yesterday. And if there is any
case where there was a distinct charge of dis- :
loyalty made against a man who presented i
himself to be sworn in which should be investi-
gated by a committee, this, sir, is that case;
for, on the evidence before the committee, un-
questionably this man was distinctly engaged,
officially and personally, in forwarding the
rebellion. If the House sees fit to depart from
the precedents established for two or three
years, and when there is a distinct charge of
disloyalty made against the man who presents
himself here, that he may be allowed to take
his seat by producing regular credentials in
form ; if this House chooses to depart from the
precedents established on that subject, then it
is projjer to allow Mr. Booker to be sworn and
take his seat; but if the House thinks lit to
adopt a rule, and to say that a man against
whom a distinct charge has been made upon
distinct evidence of his having been engaged
in the rebellion shall not take his seat until that
evidence has been investigated, and to adhere
to that rule, this is as strong a case as the
House will or can have to apply the rule.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman yield to
me?
* Mr. POLAND. For a moment.
Mr. PAINE. I should like to ask my friend
how he voted yesterday on the case of Mr.
McKenzie ?
Mr. POLAND. I voted to admit him to a
scat.
Mr. PAINE. I iwould further inquire of
the gentleman on what ground he voted to
make an exception of that case; in other
words, to take that case out of the operation
of the resolution to which he has referred ?
Mr. POLAND. I will state why I voted
for the admission of Mr. McKenzie. General
Farnsworth, a member of this House, who
was a general in the army during the war,
assured the House and assured me that he
personally knew Mr. McKenzie during the
; rebellion, and knew him to be a loyal man in
! all his conduct. That statement was reiterated
by other gentlemen who professsed to have
! personal knowledge in relation to Mr. McKen-
i zie's character and conduct during the rebel-
i lion. Nobody said a word to the contrary.
Nobody said that there was any evidence before
: the committee that tended to show the con-
! trary. But I say there is evidence on record
'< before the committee that this man was ac-
tively engaged in the rebellion—evidence which
I have personally examined and read.
Mr. PAINE. I understood my friend from
Vermont to state this position : that when an
allegation was made by one of the parties to a
contest, that his opponent could not take the
oath of July 2, 18G2, and was disqualified from
taking his seat on tnat account, he ought not
to be sworn in until inquiry should have been
made and the result reported to the House.
But I understand now that the gentleman from
Vermont himself deviated from that rule yes-
terday, because he was informed by a gentle-
man in whose information he had implicit con-
fidence that Mr. McKenzie, notwithstanding
this allegation having been made against him,
was nevertheless a lo.val man, and ought to be
admitted.
Well now, Mr. Speaker, if there is any rea-
son why Mr. Booker should not be allowed to
take this oath, if any member of this House,
whether it be my friend from Vermont or any
other, can put his finger on any good reason
why Mr. Booker should not be allowed to take
this oath, why he should not be made an ex-
ception, as was Mr. McKenzie, to the operation
of the resolution adopted by the House with
reference to such cases, the Committee of
Elections will not ask that Mr. Booker shall
be sworn in. But I say again, that so far a3
the Committee of Elections is concerned, Mr.
Booker stands exactly on the same ground as ;
that on which Mr. McKenzie stood yesterday, j
The committee have been assured in Mr.
Booker's case, as they were assured in Mr. I
McKenzie's, that he has been a loyal man both i
during the war and since. But further than j
that, the committee have an assurance, to ]
which they are authorized to give fully as
much weight as the gentleman from "Vermont j
is entitled to give to the assurance of General \
Farnsworth, or of any other gentleman on j
this floor, that Mr. Booker has been and is a !
loyal man. A member of the Committee of ;
Elections who is acquainted with the history ;
of Mr. Booker, whose congressional district j
adjoins his, has given the committee assur- I
ances on this point, which I will ask him to
give to the House. j
But before I yield the floor for that purpose i
I wisli to repeat to the House what I believe i
to be the sentiment of the Committee of Elec-
tions, that if there is any valid objection to Mr. !
Booker being placed upon the same footing as |
Mr. McKenzie, and being allowed to take the
test-oath, if he is willing to take it, the com- '
mittee do not desire that he should be now
sworn in. But the committee feel that, so far
as any information has reached them, they are
entitled and required to believe that the ground
on which Mr. Booker stands before the House
this morning imprecisely the same as that upon
which Mr. McKenzie yesterday stood. I now
yield the floor to the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Btjtleb,] my colleague on the Com-
mittee of Elections, to make to the House a
statement of what he knows on this subject.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
I beg to state that since the contest in this case
commenced, I have received from my district
perhaps twenty letters from influential Union
men of East Tennessee urging me to assist Mr.
Booker in obtaining his seat. These parties !
state that they have known Mr. Booker for
years: that they were intimately acquainted
with him and his actions during the entire
rebellion ; that he resided most of the time in
my own district, and under pretext of selling
tobacco to the citizens in East Tennessee lie
kept two younger brothers, who were of the
conscript age, out of the rebel army. I know
these parties to be truthful and reliable ; and
from all the information I have got as to Mr.
Booker, I believe him to have been loyal. If
he did any act having apparently a different
aspect, it was done for his own protection or for
the protection of the loyal men in whose midst
he lived, and by whose influence the county
from which he comes is one of the few loyal
counties in the Old Dominion.
Mr. POLAND. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman if he has read Mr. Booker's own report
in his capacity as agent, to which 1 have already
referred ?
Mr, BUTLER, of Tennessee. No, sir. Did
you read the evidence in Mr. McKenzie's
case? You said you did not, and yet you voted
for his admission. The Committee of Elec-
tions do not desire to complain of the action
of this House. The House adopted a resolu-
tion requiringthat where a question was raised
as to a man's being ineligible from inability to
take the test-oath—whether the question was
raised by the contestant or on the information
of a member of this House—the committee
should investigate the truth of that allegation
and report to the House the evidence that was
before the committee. In the case of Mr.
McKenzie there was a regular contest. Notice
of contest had been given. There were charges
of disloyalty. A large volume of testimony
in the case is now before the Committee of
Elections, and the only question in that con-
test is the question of loyalty. The House in
that case, without knowing one word or syl-
lable of that testimony, adopted a resolution
over the heads of the Committee of Elections,
authorizing Mr. McKenzie to take his seat.
In the case of Mr. Booker there has been
notice of contest, and a volume of testimony
has been taken. The committee do not know
what is in it, but outside of that, they believe
that he is a loyal man, and in accordance with
the resolution adopted by the House yesterday
by which Mr. McKenzie was admitted, they
propose this action in this case. They do not
want to deal unfairly and unjustly with Mr.
Booker, who comes here in the same condi-
tion thait Mr. McKenzie did. He says that
he can take the oath, and that is a question
for him and for the House hereafter, when the
case shall have been investigated by the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. PAINE. I yield the floor to my col-
league on the Committee of Elections, from
Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson.]
Mr. STEVENSON, l ^as.ndt present when
this matter was acted on in the. committee, and
I do not understand distinctly what is recom-
mended. Will the chairman please inform me
what is recommended by the committee ?
Mr. PAINE. I stated at some length to the
House the recommendation of the committee.
They instructed me to inform the House that
Mr. Booker stands upon the same footing a9
Mr. McKenzie, and the same principle which
would authorize the House to allow Mr. Mc-
Kenzie to be sworn in would require the House
to authorize Mr. Booker to be sworn in, pro-
vided he is willing to take the oath ; and the
committee therefore recommend that Mr.
Booker be allowed to take the oath.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman any
written recommendation or resolution to that
effect ?
Mr. PAINE. There is no written report
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs to remind
the gentleman that there ought to be.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to say, in jus-
tice to myself, that I had the honor to differ
yesterday from the House in McKbnzie's case*
and I do not propose now, because the House
