1870.
THH 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
did wrong yesterday, to do wrong myself
to-day.
Mr. PAINE. I yield to the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Whittemore] for a ques-
tion. _ , .
Mr. "WHITTEMORE. I understood the
chairman of the Committee of Elections to say
that Mr. Booker stands precisely upon the
same ground that Mr. McKenzie did.
Mr. PAINE. Before the committee;
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Before the com-
mittee; and he says furthermore that there
were charges of disloyalty against Mr. McKen-
zie before the committee. Does he mean to
have this House understand that there are
charges of disloyalty against Mr. Booker?
Mr. PAINE. I do.
Mr. POLAND. My friend, the chairman
of the Committee of Elections, has appealed
to me to know how I voted yesterday, and
seems to base his appeal to the House to allow
Mr. Booker to come in here and take the oath
and take a seat as a member of this House
mainly upon the ground of the action of the
House in the case of Mr. McKenzie yesterday.
Now, sir, if anybody was misled in this House
in relation to the votes they gave in the case
of Mr. McKenzie yesterday their sin, I think,
lies as much at the door of the chairman of the
Committee of Elections as of anybody. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns worth]
stated here, upon his responsibility as a mem-
ber of this House, that he personally knew Mr.
McKenzie during a considerable portion of the
war; that he knew that his actions and his
sentiments were loyal, and that he was not a
disloyal inan. He said that he was able to say
that the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions was personally of the same opinion, and
he appealed to him; and certainly not a word
was said by the chairman of the Committee of
Elections by way of contradiction of what the
gentleman from Illinois said. Indeed, he in-
vited us to vote to admit Mr. McKenzie, by
language which I will read.
Mr. JPAINE. If the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland} will permit me right here
I wish to say that I did not hear the remarks
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fabns-
worth] to which myfriend from Vermont now
refers. Bnt if I had heard them and had felt
called upon to make any statement to the
House upon the subject I should have stated
thiB: that I had known Mr. McKenzie sinee the
year 1863, and until this charge was made
against him before the Committee of Elections
no suspicion ever entered my mind that he had
ever in word or act been disloyal to the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Mr. POLAND. Let me read precisely what
the chairman of the Committee of Elections
[Mr. Paine] did say upon this subject, so that
we may know whether we understood that the
House was trenching at all upon the preroga-
tives of that committee by the course we took
yesterday in the admission of Mr. McKenzie
to his seat here. In the course of his observa-
tions to the House he said this:
"I would say, not as a member of the committee,
because I am precluded by the resolution of the
House from taking any action here as a member of
the committee; but as an individual I will say that
I can have no personal objection to this oath being
administered to McKenzie if he can take it, and as
a member of the committee I can raise noohueotion,
nor should I regard that the entertaining of the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio by the House would
be an exhibition of want of respect to the committee,
tne committee being expressly precluded from pre-
senting a question of this kind to the House."
Now, I say that if we were misled at all by
the course of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
' Farnsworth] and of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] yesterday we were misled with
the assent of the chairman of the Committee
of Elections, [Mr. Paine.] He certainly said
nothing to disconrage any of us who were dis-
posed to follow the lead of those gentlemen
and to act upon their personal assurance that
they knew Mr. McKenzie had been a loyal
man daring the entire rebellion. We were
encouraged to go forward and follow the state-
ments that were made by those gentlemen and
to act upon them.
Now, myfriend from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
says that the case of Mr. Booker is just like
the case of Mr. McKenzie. It may be just like
the case of Mr. McKenzie in this respect, that
the Committee of Elections have not read the
j testimony on either side and do not know
' what there is in the testimony in relation to
the loyalty or disloyalty of either.
But I can say, I assure you, Mr. Speaker,
and I assure the chairman of the Committee
of Elections, [Mr. Paine,} that under this
man's own hand, in an official report signed
by him and made to the county court of his
county, there is evidence of as rank disloyalty
as can be furnished against any man in any
portion of the country. He was appointed by
the county court of his county the agent to
look after the rebel troops; to look out for their
comfort, to see what they needed and what
supplies should be furnished to them. And in
an official report made by him, and on file in
the records of the county where he lives, he
states what he did.
Mr.WELKER. If the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] will permit me I would
like to ask him a question.
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. WELKER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman where he gets the evidence to which he
has alluded, and whether that evidence as to
the disloyalty, of Mr. Booker has ever been
placed in the possession of the Committee of
Elections?
Mr. POLAND. The evidence is a duly cer-
tified copy from the records of the county court
of that county of which after secession this
man was one of the justices j and that certified
copy of the official record is now before the
Committee of Elections and is a portion of
the evidence filed there by the contestant.
Mr. WELKER. The reason I make the
inquiry of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] is that I understood the chairman of
the Committee of Elections [Mr. Paine] to say
that in the opinion of that committee, so far as
they have examined this subject 
Mr. POLAND. He says they have .not
examined the testimony.
Mr. WELKER. Do I understand that the
committee have not examined the evidence in
this case?
Mr. CESSNA. No, sir; they have not.
Mr. WELKER. I understood the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] to say that so far
as he was informed he believed this gentleman
was a loyal man.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman allow me
to explain?
Mr. WELKER. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. There are now before the
committee undisposed of some twenty-four
cases; and it is a general rule thatthe evidence
in these cases goes to the printer and is printed
before we examine it. Every gentleman in the
House can see that it would be impossible for
the committee to read the testimony in manu-
script, becanse, in the first place, each member
must have a copy, and, in the next place, it is
so difficult to read voluminous testimony in
manuscript. The result is that so soon as the
testimony can be prepared for the printer it is
sent to him. That has been done with the
testimony in this case.
I wish to say one thing further on this point.
I make no complaint of my friend from Ver-
mont because he voted yesterday to admit Mr.
McKenzie, to allow him to take the oath; bat
what I do complain of is that whereas yester-
day it never occurred to him to avail himself
of this resolution of the House as against Mr.
McKenzie, he now comes and plants himself
upon that technical ground as against Mr.
Booker.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, the substance
of this report from the Committee of Elections
is simply that they have not examined the ease
and do not know anything about it. In this
respect the case stands just like that of Mr.
McKenzie. The Committee of Elections, so
far as they have reported in these cases, do not
know anything about either of them.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me a single remark ? I know nothing concern-
ing the present contest; but I ask to be per-
mitted, by the courtesy of the gentleman, to
say a word with reference to Mr. McKenzie,
whose case is being considerably discussed
here. I was one of the first civilians who fol-
lowed our troops into Alexandria, Virginia,
the day after the death of the lamented Ells-
worth. Mr. McKenzie was then in Alexan-
dria, and I at that time made his acquaintance
as a loyal man. I was in interconse with him
from that time till the close of the war, and
since then until the present time. What he
may have done before the breaking out of the
war I do not know; bnt I am ready to certify
on my personal knowledge that from the time
I made his acquaintance till the present he
has been as true a man as any whom I have
encountered from the State of Virginia.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, as I was say-
ing, all the light that wp have received from the
Committee of Elections in reference to either
of these cases is that they know nothing about
them. Now, we were assured yesterday by
several gentlemen upon the floor that they
knew Mr. McKenziS to be a loyal man, from
personal intercourse and observation, from
personal knowledge of his course. Upon that
assurance, nothing to the contrary being alleged
by anybody, nothing being advanced by the
chairman 6f the Committee of Elections against
that allegation, we being rather encouraged to
follow the assertions of those gentlemen and
act upon them, the chairman saying that the
committee would not consider immediate action
by the House any encroachment upon their
privileges, thus rather inviting us to act upon
the information received from members on
the floor, I voted with others to allow Mr.
McKenzie to take the oath becanse I was satis-
fied there was no occasion to apply this resolu-
tion to this case.
But how is it with reference to this case?
If the Committee of Elections had examined
thfB evidence, and if my astute friend, the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections, could say
that in his judgment this man's official report,
signed by his own hand, recommending that
certain supplies be sent to the rebel army,
affords no evidence of disloyalty, then, per-
haps, I should be inclined to follow him. But
inasmuch as the gentleman has not even read
that report, I must act upon my own judgment
of the legal effect of that evidence as affecting
the loyalty or disloyalty of this claimant. Hav-
ing read that paper, having examined care-
fully this official record, I have no more doubt
of the disloyalty of this man than I have as to
the disloyalty of amanwboled the rebel troops
in battle. If the House is prepared to retrace
the steps it has heretofore taken, if it is pre-
pared to say that when an avowed and Con-
fessed rebel, a man who has actively partici-
pated in the rebellion, comes here with cre-
dentials, be shall be allowed to take a seat
here and vote with us until we can turn him
out, that is one way of treating these ques-
tions ; but if we are to live up to the prece-
dents and to nphold the rule we have had for
the last two or three years—ever since the war—
in this House, then there is no occasion for
allowing this man to escape from that rule.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I have Btated,
so far as I am able, the facts in the case 
Mr. POLAND. I have the floor, and yield
to the gentleman from New Hampshire.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, this question
may in itself be of importance and it may not;
but I regard the question of the action of thiB
House on the precedents which have been laid
down and established by its action heretofore
as important in principle. Consistency is a
jewel) and if there has been any well-ertab-
