1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4725
ceeding $2 50 an acre, not $2 50 an acre on
the average, but at the same price precisely as
the Government proposes to sell the reserved
sections.
I mention this at this time, and hope^ to at-
tract the attention of the Senate to it., for the
reason that I understand it to be the judgment
of that company that it is perfectly practicable
to build railroads with the aid of land grants,
those lands thus granted being subject to set-
tl enient and occupancy by settlers continuously;
that they shall never be removed from the possi-
bility of purchase by actual settlers at a uniform
price of $2 50 an acre, not at the average price
of $2 50, proposing t.o sell some of them at a
Much higher rate, ten, fifteen, or twenty dol-
lars an acre ; not reserving the right to locate
towns and sell out lots at an enormous price ;
not proposing to reserve town sites or mill
sites or other very advantageous tracts of
land ; but merely reserving so much coal land
and stone quarries as may be necessary for the
construction of the road for the purpose of
keeping it in repair, and leaving the residue
of the grant exposed to sale to actual settlers
at $2 CO an acre continuously.
I hope it is not this feature of this amend-
ment that is objectionable to any member of
the Senate. It is the best drawn proposition, in
my humble judgment, that has been submitted
to the Senate during its present session. It
entirely meets the objections that have been
raised heretofore to these enormous grants of
land, placing so much of the public domain
under the absolute control of corporations and
monopolists. I say it completely meets these
objections. The lands proposed to he granted
under this amendment will be subject to pur-
chase and occupancy by private citizens con-
tinuously, at a price not to exceed $2 50 an
acre—not only the even sections but the odd
sections, every acre that is granted.
It being so wise and practical in its provis-
ions, I should regret very much for one if the
Senate should find itself in a condition not to
accept it as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. RICE. I would suggest that this amend-
ment would perhaps be more appropriate to
the bill in relation to the Atlantic and Pacific
railroad, as this line comes to that road before
it comes to this one. I think it had better be
voted down here and put on the Atlantic and
Pacific bill as an amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. If the gentlemen liere who
I supposed would feel an interest in this amend-
ment are so strenuous in their opposition to
having it connected with this bill, 1 will with-
draw it for the present.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move an amend-
ment to the bill on page 0, in section two, to
strike out the words beginning with " the Uni-
ted Stales," in line twelve, and ending with
" said company."
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be stricken out, as follows :
T!i0 United States shall extinguish as rapidly as
may be consistent with public policy and the welfare
of the Indians the Indian title to all lands falling
under the operations of this act and acquired m the
donations named in this act; but a failure so to
extinguish the Indian title shall not be deemed a
ground of any claim against the United States on the
part of said company.
Mr. HOWARD. As I believe there are no
lands belonging to the Indians across which
this line would pass, I am inclined to accept
this amendment without opposition. There
may be Senators present who know better than
1 do what the fact is in regard to Indian reser-
vations or Indian lands on the route of this
road. If there are any persons who are
acquainted with the facts 1 wish they would
inform the Senate.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Connecticut what reason there is
for this amendment? I am, like the chairman
of the committee, not, informed. I do not want
to block the way of this Southern Pacific road
because of this point. The provision in the
bill is carefully guarded. It only provides for
the extinguishment of the Indian title " as rap-
idly as may be consistent with public policy
and the welfare of the Indians." Will the Sen-
ator from Connecticut state the reason for his
amendment?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Claims are presented
here very frequently for the removal of Indians
from lands which they now occupy to the In-
dian territory. The object is stated that they
may have a permanent home; and so they were
placed on the reservation which they occupy
now that they might have a permanent home.
When they are transferred from their present
reservations to the Indian territory, and trans-
ferred for that same object, we find in this bill
and in other bills which are brought before this
body provisions which require action on the
part of the General Government to extinguish
the Indian title and destroy their homes, so as
actually to deny the very position which the
Government takes when it proposes first to
remove them from the reservations they occupy.
I do not want such a course pursued.
Mr. WAIINER. I would ask the Senator
whether if this portion of the section is stricken
out there will then be any doubt about the
company having the right of way across these
lands ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Oh, no.
Mr. WAIINER. If the right of way is left
to the company I have no objection.
Mr. STE WART. I do not see any objection
to striking out the clause. It was in for abundant
caution, thinking that perhaps there might be
a reservation within the limits of the grant.;
but I do not think there is. There is certainly
none along tlio route where the right of way is
required. It does not make any difference,
then, whether this clause is in or out. It was
thought that possibly it might reach into the
limits of some reservation up near Pimo, in
Arizona. I do not believe it will reach that.
I do not think it is at all material whether
this clause is in or out of the bill. I do not
think there is any Indian title within the limits
of this grant for this clause to operate upon.
Mr. WARNER. The right of way ought not
to be touched.
Mr. STEWART. The right of way cannot
be affected, because there is certainly no In-
dian title along the thirty-second parallel.
There is no Indian reservation along the thirty-
second parallel.
Mr. BAYARD. I would merely ask here,
as a matter of information, as the red man has
not a great many rights that the white man is
bound to respect, whether I understood the
Senator from Nevada as saying that in the event
of the striking out of this clause of the bill this
railroad company will have the right to pass
through the. lands and homes reserved to the
Indians without any further legislation than
the general grant of public lands in the bill?
Mr. STEWART. I am very confident there
are no reservations along the line of this road
on the thirty-second parallel. I have made
some little examination.
Mr. BAYARD. I understood the Senator
to say that it made no difference whether this
clause was retained or not. I should like
simply to know what is the ground he takes.
Mr." STEWART. It made no difference,
inasmuch as there were no reservations along
the line of the road so a<3 to affect the right
of way, and I do not think that the extent
of country granted could possibly reach one
Indian reservation, and consequently there was
no practical importance in the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 take it for granted that
the good faith of the United States in dealing
with these helpless people should at least pro-
tect them.
Mr. STEWART. If my friend will go along
the lino of this road he will be satisfied on the
first trip that they are not helpless, though he
may be.
Sir. KELLOGG. While this bill was under
consideration in committee, I think there was
considerable question whether there were any
Indian reservations along the line of the road.
Since, however, the bill has been reported, it
lias been ascertained accurately and authen-
tically that there qre no Indian reservation s
along the proposed line. There are certain
pueblo reservations; that is to say mere villages
of Indians, gathering of Indians, claiming a
sort of pueblo reservation limited by the village;
but there are no regular Indian reservations,
no Government reservations along the line of
the road, or within the scope of the country
included in the land subsidy proposed to be
given to this company by this bill. There can
be no question as to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut, to strike out the words which have
been read.
Mr. HARLAN. I think there are no Indian
reservations that will be interfered with prob-
ably by the line of this road, or any of its
branches; but these civilized Indians, Pueblos,
do own some land in New Mexico and Ari-
zona. The general language contained in the
clause that the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut proposes to strike out might seem to
obligate the United States to buy them out and
give the land to the company. I know the
company would not wish this; and as in New
Mexico and Arizona, as well as in California,
the United States have never recognized Indian
title to any land except under these circum-
stances. I think it is hardly worth while to
obligate the United States to extinguish the
Indian title.
There are two reservations—but I think the
line of this road would not touch either of
those—oneforthe Navajo Indians, in New Mex-
ico, and there is one large reservation in Ari-
zona, the exact location of which I cannot now
give. It is barely possible that the western
end of this road might touch that reservation.
It can do the company no good to retain the
clause in the bill. They can avail themselves
of no advantages under it, which they, I sup-
pose, would desire to secure, and it might pos-
sibly render those Indians dissatisfied. I should
prefer, therefore, to have the clause stricken
out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
three, noes not counted.
Mr.' SCOTT. I move an amendment in
section nine, line thirty-seven, by inserting
after the word "sureties" the words "to be
approved by a judge of said court."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. In the same section, line
i thirty-eight, after the word "appeal," 1 move
j to insert "and also if said company be the
appellant for the payment of such damages as
J shall be finally adjudged to the owner of tlie
| premises." As the section now stands it au-
| thorizes the company after appeal to go on and
j take possession of the lands of private owners,
j without having either paid the damages or given
I security for the same. This amendment re-
quires them to give security for damages.
Mr. HOWARD. I think that is a very
proper amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad if he will not agree to strike out the
twenty-fifth section? As I understood in the
early part of the evening the vital portions of
that section have passed both branches of Con-
gress in aseparate bill. I have understood the
Senate to-night to be averse to tacking on to
this South Pacific railroad unnecessary lateral
roads, with a view of requiring each of thes'e
lateral roads to stand on its own merits ; and
if that is flic judgment of the Senate, as it seeins
to be, which has been clearly expressed in
