1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2837
the acts amendatory tkewof, and «f the fcot mittled
"An act to secure homesteads to MtwuttUloraon
tho public doman,' approved May 20, 186^ snail be.
and tho ?ame arc hereby, extended to all other lanus
on tlio lino of said road irhen surveyed, exempting
those hereby granted to said company."
Now, sir, what is the process, plainly, under
the charter? After the company has laid down
its lin« of road the President of the" United
States ia required as the work proceeds to
cause the public lands for forty miles On each
side of the line to be surveyed. Then the act
declares that the odd sections shall be given
to this company as the work progresses from
section to section. All the land, therefore,
that can be reserved from sale under the Char-
ter or under the amendatory joint resolution
now before us, consists of the alternate sec-
tions within the forty miles on each side of the
road. No other lands are to be reserved from
sale or settlement by homestead owners, of by
preftnptors. All the lands out of the range
of these eighty miles may bo taken up at any
time and all times by preSmptors, homestead
settlers, or purchasers. There is no reatric-
tion upon the sale of the public lands beyond -
this range, and within this range all that is re- \
served consists, as I have said before, of the j •
alternate odd sections. If it shall turn out, 1 [
however, in practice, and as the work progresses | j
from section to section, that there ore not Buffi- I
cient odd sections on each Side of the line and M
within this range to make tip the forty sections i
per mile, then, when that fact ia discovered, ji
the company have the right under the direc- I
tion of the Secretary of the Interior to pro- :
ceed beyond the range and select their odd .
sections anywhere else within ten miles on '
each side of the range. But nntil they do make
this selection within the ten miles on each side, '
the lands which they might thus select are sub- ■
jectto sale to purchasers, to a settlement, and :
to the general land laws of thft United States;
and the same principle Will hold good in #6- •
gard to the additional twenty miles on the
two respective sides of this range of land. No ,
part of this land is reserved for the company, j
The President is not authorized toinstrnrit the "
Commissioner of the General Land Office or 1
the Secretary of the Interior, to reserve a ;
single section, whether the section be odd or
even ; they are all, without exception, subject
to entry in the regular course of the adtniaia-
tration of the Land Office. >;
Now, sir, as I had occasion the other day to t
say, the original charter which I hold in my j
hand promises to this company twenty seetions
per mile of the pnblle lands lying on each Side '
of its line of road. They were to receive lands j
"to that amount." There was fairly and plainly '
an undertaking oil the part elf the Government |
that this company, ad they should bnild their t
line of road from section td aeetiofi, should be 1
endowed with that Quantity Of lafad, and in |
case it Should happen that bby of the public j
lands should have Been taken up by settlers or i
by preemption, then the charter provided that J
the company shOtfld have the right to go on
either side of the original belt of Reserved see- I
tions of forty miles, <md within an extent of
ten ttiiles on each side of that belt to selfect I
lands to make tip aiiy deficiency which may
have been occasioned by settlers, homestead
owners, Or purchasers, having taken up any of
the odd sections lying within the Forty miles
range.
Mr. POMEROY. Not Unless they have
taken them since the passage of the act.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, of course; if they
have taken them since the pSfeage of the act.
All that this Company, therefore, asks is in sub-
stance this: that the Government shall fulfill
its undertaking with the company and Shall, so
far as practicable, so far as reasonable, grant
to them the lands which were originally stipu-
lated to be donated to them. Some years have
elapsed, and dtlring those years many of the
lands to which the company would otherwise
have been entitled have been taken up by set-
tlers and purchaser#. The wisforttines and
embarrassments of the oompany—and we all
know that these are very common* almost uni-
versal in the inception of railroad enterprises—
have had the effect to retard this work. It has
not been within the power of the company, it
has hardly been in the power of any human
being, unless endowed with the wealth of
Croesus, to proceed with this work and to con-
struct the road to any considerable extent
within the last six years. It has been their
misfortune. Gentlemen in this Chamber call
it their neglect. Sir, there has been no act of
omission on their part which can properly be
denominated neglect. The war, the stringency
of the money market, dad ft thousand other
causes have tended to embarrass and retard
this work.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to reply for a
moment to the criticism made on this bill by '
the honorable Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Hah-
lan.] He seems to think that the language
used in it, "to receive so many Sections of
land belonging to the United States," &c.,
wonld convey to the company any (iiitiefal
lands, or perhaps any lands to which a settler
had only his inchoate title. Mr. President, iti
construing this statute we rtlust necessarily,
and it is ottr daty, and it will be the duty of i
the Secretary of the Interior atid the Coinibis-
sioner of the General Land Office to construe
it with direct reference to the charter itself,
of Which it is an amendment. I need Hardly
say to the honorable! Senator froth Iowa that
one of the leading rales Of construction in the
administration of a law, whether iu a judicial
way or otherwise, ifl that statutes passed in '
part materia are to be construed with ref&tehee •
to each other. All the statttteS relating to One
particular sublec {^matter are to be construed
together in ordar to eliminate the intention of
the legislative body passing them.
Is it possible that  Secretary of the Interior
administering this la* would think of giving it
the construction insisted upob by the Senator
from Iowa? Would he nndertake to say, in
the face of a charter which forbids ft company
to take ifaineral lands, thfet tlbder this jdiht
resolution, a mere amendtbent to tBe Charter,
a statute to be construed in referehefc to add
with the charter, the Company could seize upon
mineral lands, take the gold and silver mines, 1
and the lead mines, arid the Copper mines, and
all other mines that taay chance Id be discov- >
ered On the route of this road? 8if, it is itf- ;
possible that any Well-iriformed functionary*
judicial or administrative, could give to the lan-
guage of this joint resolution any tfoCh effect.
I think if my honorable friend ttbO once so
well filled the office of Secretary of the Inte-
rior were there now, of should be hefOiflfer,
and this Company proposed to bim to take from
the GoVernfnent? fhinferal lands under this
amendatory set, lite would hot heslttitfe to S&y
to them that they Were forbidden to do Bo by
their Charter, tad he V^otild adopt- the ^fill-
known and lOng-eStablished rttW Of law that
the two statutes are to be coiistrned together
and with reference to each other, both Of therh
constituting !h law really but One Statute the
meaning Of which ii td be elicited by the appli-
cation of the proper roles of interpretation and
construction.
Mr. President, I Must take the liberty to Say
here, for it is the only Opportunity I hate had
to make a remark oil that subject, that I much
regret to witness the feeling atid temper >Hth
which this Northern Pacific railroad is met in
this body by sonle Senators. I caii hardly
acconnt for it. The honorable Senator from
Iowa the other day in his remarks urgid that
the time had not yet come for the completion of
the Northern Pacific railroad, that the interests
and wants of commerce did not yet demahd
the completion of this great enterprise. But
in order that I taay do him no injustice, he
will pardon me for reading from the Globe one
or two extracts from his remarks. The hon-
orable Senator said s
" but, Mr. President, tier® fa one other thoiifirtt to
which I invito the attention of the Seriate. Although
I am to fftVar of carrying out in good faith tho con-
tract wo have made"—
And I have no doubt about that—
"it is far from certain to be theinterestof tbolTnitod
States as a Government, to hasten tho completion
of this road more rapidly than tho commercial in-
terests of tho country require."
That is an indirect manner of Saying that,
tho wants Of commerce do not now require the
completion of this road. It is an argument
against the necessity, the existence of tho road
at all; it is an argument against the completion
of the road; an argument in ftivor Of repealing
its charter.
"As t before remarked, you have a second mort-
gage lien on tho great Pacific lino, known as tho
Union Paoifio railroad and tho California Central
Paoilie railroad. Tho value of your second mortgasro
depends on the Valuo of tho work. If you by unne-
cessary subsidies stimulato by a hotbed growth tho
construction of competing lines"—
Competing lines! competing lines I
"you thereby diminish tho value of your own prop-
erty i you thereby render it less probable that you
will ever rceeive either the interest or tho principal
on tho bonds you have already issued."
Sir, whence is the inspiration of this objec-
tion to the Northern Pacific railroad? "VVho
tells Us that the United States have a great
interest iu the Union Pacific and in the Cen-
tral Pacific, and that that interest is likely to
become damaged by the construction and com-
pletion of the Northern Pafcific railroad? This
is spoken in this Chamber directly in the in-
terest of the Uhion Pacific railroad, and if I
could be allowed the privilege of indulging in
a Yankee guess, I should guess that it arises
from the dislike entertained by the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company to the Construction of
the Northern Pacific.
Sir, is It possible that that great corporation,
now holding in its coffers $04,000,000, once
the property of the United States, an amount
of cash with which they have been so liberally
subsidized, a company whose securities are at
a very high figure throughout the United States,
a Company Who owe all that they are, all that
they ever will be, to the muhififtence of the
Government of the United States; a company
possessing a road running from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, the grandest (enter-
prise that has beeh tioinpleted ia modern days; ,
a coifipany to which the world points with ad-
miration for their energy, enterprise, intelli-'
gehce, and liberality—is it possible that that
company is actuated by the mean spVit of
envy toward the Northern Pacific railroad?
Do they stand in fear that their interests will
be affected by what the hbnpratte Senator from
Iowa calls a "competing line," lyinj* at a dis-
tance of more than five hundred miles from
their own ronte?
I hope that this cdtinot be asserted of the .
UnionPacific railroad; bat from the form in
which tHe objection presents itself, and from its
source, I entertain a fear that some members of
thatebmpany at least have Inspired the remarks
of the honorable Senator from Iowa. Let me
say, hOwdver, to the honorable Senator and to
theUtiion Pacific Railroad Company, ifs ageits,
, friends, and advocateshere and elsewhere, that
no opposition which they Can inake here, no;,
influence trhifch they can bring to bear upon'
the Atbefican people will result In securing to ,
them forever the great monopoly of which they '
are now In the enjoymetit. The American peo-
ple demand three Phcific railroads—one at the
North, one through the center, and another at
the southern part of the United States; and.
these railroads thiy will have, whatever may
be the feeling of the Union Pacific, howevei1 its
friends and servitors maybe moved by envy in
regard to what has been called a competing
line. Sir, the distance frdm New York to
Shanghai in China, via the Northern Pacific
railroad, as is well known to the country, ia
shorter by five hundred miles than the route
from New York via San Francisco to the same
place. It is known also that the route of the ,
Northern Pacific passed over a country which,
is nearer by three or four thousand feet, upon
