950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
lished principle of action on the part of the
House, it has been that when there has been
any charge made from any responsible source
against any individual claiming a seat, the
case should be referred to the Committee of
Elections, with instructions to investigate it :
and to report to the House the finding of j
the committee, whether that charge was sus-
tained by any good ground; in which case, if
in the affirmative, the man was to be denied a
seat upon this floor on account of disloyalty. ;
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
says that this is a parallel case to the one of Mr.
McKenzie before the House yesterday; but
he has advanced nothing to maintain his posi-
tion except the mere naked statement that
there is a parallel between that case and this
one. Now, so far as I understand this case,
there is no parallel between them at all. In
the case of Mr. McKenzie, if there ever was
a charge from any responsible source that he
was ineligible to a seat upon this floor, it cer-
tainly was abandoned yesterday on the report
of this committee. ■
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Does the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire say there was no
charge of disloyalty made against Mr. McKen-
zie?
Mr. BENTON. What I said was that if
there was any charge of disloyalty against Mr.
McKenzie it was abandoned yesterday.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. That was the
only question in the case before the Committee '
of Elections. i
Mr. BENTON. I do not say there never ,
was any charge, but I do say if there ever was ,
any charge of ineligibility from any respon- >
sible source, it was virtually abandoned in the ;
discussion before this House yesterday. The
evidence, so far as we had any, was from the
statement of individual members of the House;
especially by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] who had a personal acquaint-
ance with Mr. McKenzie during the war, that
the claimant was a loyal citizen during the
war; that he never was disloyal to the Govern-
ment ; that the charge was baseless and un-
supported ; and besides that I understood the
recommendation of the Committee ofElections
was in favor of his admission.
Mr. Speaker, I do not understand it is rec-
ommended by the Committee of Elections that
the House shall reverse its past action in like i
cases, and to declare before the country the
precedents established have all been wrong in
deciding whether a claimant should be ad-
mitted to a seat here or not. What, then, is
the state of this question? The gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] kuown to be a
man of high character for candor and integ-
rity, stands before the House and says that he
has investigated the case if the committee has
not, and the chairman of the committee admits
that the committee has made no investigation
of the evidence, and that the evidence conclu-
sively proves to his mind, after a careful, fair,
searching, and thorough examination, that this
claimant, Mr. Booker, was disloyal during the
war, and is not therefore entitled to a seat in
this House, and that if he should come before
the House and take the test-oath he would com-
mit the high crime of perjury, and would be
expelled as soon afterward as the question
conld be investigated. Such being the case,
then, the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions wonld have us put ourselves in the incon-
sistent position of allowing a claimant to pre-
sent himself and be sworn in, when evidence
was on file proving conclusively, as we are
told by the gentleman from Vermont, that Mr.
Booker cannot take the test-oath, and if he
does that he will commit the high crime of
perjury. I am in favor of following our former
well-established precedents, and of having
charges of disloyalty, coming from responsi-
ble sources, investigated and.reported on be-
fore the claimant is allowed to be sworn in.
Mr. PAINE. I now demand the previous
question.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 50, noes 48; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Paine and Mr.
Poland. , , „ . j
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 78, noes 62.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was on agree-
ing to the resolution of Mr. Paine.
Mr. POLAND demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 72, not voting
56; as follows:
YEAS—Messr?. Adams,Archer, Armstrong, Asper,
Axtell, Bailey. Barnum, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Boles,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buckley, Bur-
chard, Burdett, Burr, Roderick R. Cutler
Cessna, Churchill, Cleveland, Conger. Cos, Crebs,
Davis, Dickinson. Dockery. Do*. Duval, Dyer,
Eldridge, Fitch, Getz. Gibson, Gilhllan, Golladay,
Greene, Griswold, Haight, Hamill, Hawkins, Haw-
ley, Heaton. Heflin, Hill, Holman. Johnson, Kel-
logg. Kerr. Knott, Laflin, Marshall, McCormick,
McGrew, McKenzic, McNeely, Morgan, Niblack,
O'Neill, Paine. Phelps, Potter, Randall. Reading,
Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Rogers, Schumaker, Sher-
rod, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph b. bmitn.
Stiles, Strader, Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble,
Twichell, Van Trump, Voorhees, Eugene M. Wil-
son, Winans, Winchester, Witcher, Wood, and
Woodward—89. _ ,
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler. Arnell, Banks,
Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett.Benton, Blair,
Bowen, Boyd, Buffinton, Cake, Clarke, Amasa Cobb,
Cowles. Dickey, Dixon. Ferriss, Few, Finkelnburg,
Fisher, Hale, Hamilton. Hay, Hoge, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Knapp, Lash, Lawrenoe, Loughridge, Maynard,
McCrary, Mercnr, Eliakini H. Moore, William
Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Orth, Packard, ,
Palmer, Peters. Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser. Sargent,
Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Shel-
don, William Smyth, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, .
Taffe, Tillman/Townsend, Tyner,Ward, Cadw alader j
C. Washburn, Whittemore, Wilkinson, Willard, and
Williams—72. , . ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Ayer. Bingham,
Buck, BenjaminF. Butler, ClintonL. Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Deweese,Donley, Ela, Farns-
worth. Fox, Garfield, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hays,
Hoag, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss. Alexander H.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Logan, Lynch, Mayham,
McCarthy, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore, Daniel J. filor-
rell, Morrissey, Mungen, Negley, Packer, Piatt,
Porter, Roots, Sanford, Porter Sheldon, William J.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather, Stone,
Stoughton, Strickland, Tanner, Upson, Van Auk en,
Van Horn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wells,
Wheeler, and John T. Wilson—66.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. Booker presented himself at the Speak-
er's desk, and qualified by taking the oath pre-
scribed by act of July 2, 1862.
POST OFFICES ABUSES.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to report back from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads the bill (H. R.
No. 807) to prevent and punish certain abases
of the Post Office establishment, and for other
purposes.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
the information of the House.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill, and
had read it in part, when
Mr. WOOD objected to the further consid-
eration of the bill.
ENROLLED BILL 81(3NED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the follow-
ing title; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 134) to establish a land
district in Wyoming Territory, and for other
purposes.
CORRECTION.
Mr. ROGERS. I desire to make a correc-
tion. I am reported in the Globe as having
voted on the motion to lay on the table the
resolution offered yesterday by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. McNeely] on the subject
of the payment of the public debt.
The SPEAKER. Mistakes in tho Cloin-
are not privileged questions, 'lhe gentleman,
however, may make the correction by unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears 110 objection.
Mr. ROGERS. I desire to state that I wu.s
not in my seat when my name was called.
Coming into the Hall after the resolution had
been read I did not understand it sufficiently
well to vote upon it, and I therefore purposely
avoided voting upon it. My name is recorded
among the nays. I was unwilling to vote for
the censure contained in the resolution upon
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Pres-
ident of the United States. The other part
of the resolution has my sanction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair learns that the
same error occurs in the Journal. It will be
corrected.
• TAllJFF BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WOOD. I demand the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
recognition of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill (II. R. No.
1068) to amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes ; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to ask the House
to allow the bill to be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, to
be made a special order for consideration on
Thursday, the 10th instant, after the morning
hour, and to be continued from day to day
until disposed of.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to inquire
whether this would supersede the legislative,
&c., appropriation bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose not.
The SPEAKER. It will not, being made a
special order for a subsequent day.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will be taken up next
after the appropriation bill, if the appropria-
tion bill should run to that time.
I shall also ask that the bill be printed; and
I will further propose that an extra number
of copies be printed, say three thousand copies,
for the use of members, in pamphlet form, and
one thousand in bill form. Of those in bill
form I shall ask that two hundred be for the
use of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Gentlemen are aware that this bill, on ac-
count of the subjects which it embraces, attracts
a great deal of attention, since it touches or
is supposed to touch upon a great variety of
interests in the country, and no doubt very
general application will be made for copies
and for information as to what it contains. I
propose, also, to explain in a very few remarks
what is the result of the labors upon which the
committee has been engaged, without, how-
ever, going into any discussion of the merits
of any subject embraced in the bill.
The Committee of Ways and Means, it will
be recollected, were instructed to consider the
subject of the tariff, and whatever amendments
might be needed to the laws now regulating
import duties, and to report in the second week
of the session. The report was not made. We
could have reported in December, but after all
the investigation made by the committee, all the
consideration of the subject during the recess,
and all the preparation for reporting at an earlier
date in the session, we found soon after Con-
gress reassembled that without offending almost
the whole community we could not hurry to
give to Congress the results of our deliberations
without'hearing persons deputed to represent
or coming themselves to represent, because
interested in the various matters and pursuits
which engage the people of this country. *v ®
have therefore patiently from day to day ana
from evening to evening, and even often a
day and all evening, sat, investigated, an
patiently considered what was brought to us
in the way of information or argument upon
the part of the constituents of gentlemen here,
and very often brought to us by gentlemen
