2838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
an average, to the level of the sea than the
route of the Union Pacific, or even the route
of the contemplated Southern Pacific. It is
known that on the northern route there are no
extremely high mountains to cross 
Mr. THAYER. May I be allowed to inter-
rupt the Senator for a moment?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. THAYER. I understand that the Sen-
ator based his remarks which he has just made,
in reference to any supposed opposition on the
part of the Union Pacific, upon mere suppo-
sition, not upon any evidence that he had that
they have any such disposition. Do I under-
stand him correctly, that his remarks were the
result of a suspicion, and not of any evidence
that the Union Pacific were opposed to it?
Mr. HOWARD. I have not charged the
Union Pacific Railroad Company with the fault
of obstructing the completion of the Northern
Pacific railroad. What I say is that I regret
to see the form in which this objection presents
itself, and that I have a slight suspicion, con-
sidering all the circumstances of the case, that
the opposition to the finishing of this road, an
opposition so strenuously made by the honor-
able Senator from Iowa, arises from what is
supposed to be the interest of the Union Pacific
road.
Mr. THAYER. The remarks of the Sena-
tor from Michigan certainly justified the im-
pression I received, that the opposition mani-
fested by the Senator from Iowa was inspired
by the Union Pacific. That was the substance
of his remark, and I simply rose to inquire
whether he made that remark merely from
suspicion or from evidence.
Mr. HOWARD. I read an extract from
the speech of the Senator from Iowa, in which
he said substantially that the time had not yet
come for the completion of the Northern Pa-
cific railroad; that the wants of commerce did
not require it to be completed; that the Gov-
ernment of the United States has a deep in-
terest in keeping up the credit and prosperity
of the Union Pacific, because that railroad
company is a debtor to the United States to
the amount of some $64,000,000 of the bonds
of the United States.
Mr. THAYER. I do not wish to interrupt
the Senator, but I will only remark that what
he has just read does not in my judgment jus-
tify the intimation that that could have been
prompted by the Union Pacific. I only want
to say now, that coming from a State through
which the Union Pacific road runs, having its
Btarting point where I reside, I have never
received an intimation from anybody of any
opposition on the part of any officer or man-
ager of the Union Pacific toward the northern
or southern route. Knowing them intimately,
as I do, I have never discovered anything of
the kind. I deem it justice to the Union Pacific
to say that.
Mr. HOWARD. It affords me great gratifi-
cation indeed to hear the honorable Senator
from Nebraska make this honorable and manly
disclaimer in behalf of the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company.
Mr. THAYER. I will add further that I
intend to vote for the bill under consideration.
Mr. HOWARD. I am still more happy to
receive that assurance.
Mr. THAYER. I am very glad I have made
my friend from Michigan so happy. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HOWARD. That is an art which no
man in this Chamber can exercise more skill-
fully, I beg to assure him, than my honorable
friend from Nebraska. [Laughter.]
Another criticism has been made by the
Senator from Iowa, and that is that the pres-
ent bill changes the point from which the
branch of the road, running by its charter to
Paget sound, is to diverge from the main
trunk. That is true. By the original charter
that divergence was to take place at a point
not more than three hundred miles east of the
western terminus of the road. It would be
about three hundred miles west of the merid-
ian of Portland, as I suppose. By an exam-
ination, as I am informed, by the proper agents
of the company, it has been found that that
point of divergence is impracticable, and if
they are forced to commence within three hun-
dred miles of the western terminus of the road
they will be obliged to go through a section of
country in which the construction of the road
will become enormously costly, and will be,
perhaps, entirely beyond any means which
they can raise, on account of the mountainous
and impracticable nature of the ground.
That is the reason why they wish a larger
discretion to be given them by this joint reso-
lution in regard to the point of divergence, and
I think it is a very reasonable request on their
part, for certainly we ought to allow them to
select their own point of divergence if it is not
likely injuriously to affect the interests of the
country. They will be the best judges of that
point; they will be the best judges of the gen-
eral route of the road. They will not be likely
to construct the road either from any point or
to any point which is not favorable to their
pecuniary interests and the utility of the work;
and we must allow them in this vast undertak-
ing to be governed in large measure by their
interest. I see nothing unreasonable in that.
One word further, and in reply to my hon-
orable friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] who is also a member of the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad. He says he will vote
for this joint resolution provided the additional
lands that are to be given the company are
required to be sold to settlers at $2 50 an acre,
but that unless he can secure that right to the
settler he will vote against the measure.
Mr. President, it seems to me this is rather
an inopportune occasion to undertake to launch
another and a new policy in regard to the land
subsidies to railroads. Wg are endeavoring to
have this immense line of road constructed and
finished. It is one of the great national works.
It is one of the great enterprises undertaken
during the war, and by the Republican party,
having in view the binding together of the vari-
ous sections of the Union by bands of railroad
iron, keeping up ready and frequent commu-
nication between the distant points of the con-
tinent.
Sir, what this joint resolution asks in refer-
ence to the trunk itself is simply that the Gov-
ernment shall give to the company the lands
which were promised it in the original charter,
as nearly as it can; that the Government shall
keep its faith to the company, shall perform its
part of the bargain. Can the honorable Sena-
tor well reconcile it with his views of commer-
cial honesty and uprightness, inasmuch as these
additional lands are only such as were promised
originally to the company; can he reconcile it
to his sense of justice that we should now say
that these lands shall be sold to settlers at an
under-price, for $2 50 an acre, when perhaps
many of them may in a few years, or even
months, be worth five, eight, or ten dollars an
acre? Is he willing, after this additional
value has been imparted to these lands, many
of which are now nearly or quite worthless,
by the employment of the company's money
and labor, to take from the company this in-
creased value and give it as a mere bonus, a
donation, to settlers, squatters, or purchasers
and speculators—to take money out of the
pockets of the company, substantially, and put
it into the pockets of the land speculator?
Sir, to my mind it is the grossest injustice.
Take these lands as they now are in a state of
nature, in that distant part of the country, in
Dakota, in Montana, in Idaho, and in Wash-
ington Territory; a vast proportion of them
if put into the market to-day woald not sell
for a cent an acre, and if this railroad shall
not be constructed that will be the case for
generations to come. It is the railroad that
gives value to them; it is the money of the
company, the honest earnings of other men
who go there t9 Invest their money and to
complete this great undertaking, that gives
value to these wild lands. Would the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts take the earn-
ings of the company out of their coffers and
place them in the hands of the squatter and
the speculator, to enable him to go and buy
lands of the United States? Of course he
would not; but still, in point of principle,
there is no difference between such a transac-
tion as that and the amendment upon which
he insists here. Let us do justice ; let us keep
our faith; let us carry out our bargain with
this company, and not higgle with it upon the
value of their lands and hand over that value
as a douceur to speculators.
Now, Mr. President, I hope we shall speedily
come to a vote upon this joint resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I regret
that the honorable Senator from Michigan has
deemed it to be proper for him to make the
allusions he has. I do not think it necessary
in the discussion of this subject that he should
have done so, and it is just, perhaps, to the
company to which he has referred that I should
say here in my place that so far as I am con-
cerned there is not the slightest foundation
for this suspicion. No stockholder in that
company and no officer, so far as I remember,
ever has said one word to me on the subject
of the construction of the Northern Pacific
railroad, and only one has ever said one word
to me in relation to the discussion of this bill,
and that was since the close of the discussion
which occurred some days since. He is a
member of the House of Representatives. He
called my attention to what he regarded as an
erroneous statement, which he said I had made
in relation to the cost of the construction of
the Union Pacific railroad, as reported in the
Globe, to the effect that the amount of sub-
sidy granted to the Union Pacific Railroad
Company was larger than was necessary to
secure the construction of the road.
I have not looked at the report of my re-
marks ; but he said that I had remarked that
either class of bonds would have been suffi-
cient to secure the construction of the road,
the company's first mortgage bonds or the
second mortgage bonds issued by the United
States, and that on that point I was greatly in
error, for that the company had used up both
classes of bonds and much more in the com-
pletion of the work, and that he did not like
to have this statement go to the public to the
prejudice of the company. I responded that
I had not read the report of my remarks; that
I intended to say the Government had granted
much more subsidy than was, in my opinion,
necessary to secure the construction of the
road. He explained that the cost of con-
struction had been augmented by mismanage-
ment of officers before his connection with the
enterprise commenced. This is the substance
of all that was ever said to me on the subject
by anybody supposed by me to be connected
with the Union Pacific Railroad Company, here
or elsewhere, during this discussion or at any
other time ; and I may be permitted to men-
tion here, what perhaps as a personal friend
will not augment the happiness of the honor-
able Senator from Michigan, that I have no
interest in the Union Pacific railroad or in any
other railroad; that I have not now and never
had the slightest interest in their land grants
or in their stock or bonds; not that I deem
it improper for a member of Congress to invest
his money in any of the public enterprises of
the country calculated to augment the wealth
and power of the nation, butl have never made
such investments for two sufficient reasons.
I have never desired to acquire an interest
in this kind of property, more especially in such
as may have been the subject of the legislative
action of the body of which I have been a
member; but, in the second place, I had not
been so fortunate as to have funds to invest in
railroads or anything else. This is perhaps
a sufficient if not a satisfactory reason for my
absolute freedom fronj all gi)ct) Qonnectiona,
