1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
$90,000,000, which both the Speaker and the ]
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
say was collected by direct and indirecttaxaiion
from the people during the year to purchase
bonds with.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Do I understand the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beok] to say
that there were $94,000,000 of unexpended
balances at the commencement of the present
fiscal year ?
Mr. BECK. There were unexpended bal-
ances to the amount of $102,890,159 67, and
the Secretary certifies that only about eight
million dollars of it can be carried forward.
He says all the balance will be expended dur-
ing tbe current year, together with the actual
appropriations of this year, as the gentleman
will see by referring to the Executive Docu-
ment No. 155 of this session, which is certified
to by the Secretary of the Treasury. He will
there find every fact as I have stated.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to make a statement for the purpose
of enabling any gentleman on this floor to con
tradict it successfully if he can do so. It is
this: that the interest-bearing debt is, accord-
ing to the last monthly statement of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, larger to-day than it was
on the 1st of March, 1869.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Docs the gentleman in-
clude in that the amount of bonds held by
tbe Treasury Department itself for the sinking
fund?
Mr. VOORHEES. I mean precisely what
I say.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman means
then to include the debt we have paid, as well
as that which we owe.
Mr. VOORHEES. No, sir; Idonotmean
any such thing.
Mr. BECK. The interest for which we are
asked to appropriate for the next fiscal year
has not diminished, but lias somewhat increased
over the interest for which we were required
to appropriate for the current fiscal year.
Although $75,000,Q00of these bonds have been
bought, and $75,000,000 more, as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury says, will be bought by the
1st day of next July, making $150,000,000,
which ought to reduce the interest $9,000,000
in gold; yet we are to appropriate for the inter-
est of these bonds. The people have to pay
the interest on those bonds lying there in the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury, just
as though they had never been purchased.
For all purposes of present taxation wc areas
badly olf as if those bonds were not held by
the Government. We get 110 present relief
from these purchases, and will not till we cease
to levy taxes to pay the interest upon them.
But in connection with these bonds I wish
to say further that, over and above all the
sums to which I have called attention, there is
another fund known as the one per cent, bond
fund. By the act of June 30, 1804, one per
cent, of all the amount of United States notes,
bonds, and fractional- currency notes author-
ized by that act was set apart in order to pay
the expenses of their issue, distribution, &c.
How much that fund amounts to I am not able
to say ; but there is in the hands of the Treas-
ury Department over and above the unexpended
balances, as I understand it, and overand above
all the appropriations which have been made,
a fund which has been used to pay temporary
clerks, to pay increased salaries to clerks and
other employ6s, who have been paid largely
beyond what they are authorized by law to
receive. That fund, which was provided by
law and is taken out of the proceeds of notes and
bonds of the United States, is being absorbed in
the Treasury Department by the payment to
officials of amounts beyond what by law they
are entitled to.
I cannot get at the exact state of facts in
regard to this matter, because my attention
was called to it only last evening, and this
morning I have been able to make only a very
cursory examination. I find that on the 17th
day of January, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Morgan] submitted a resolution, which
was adopted, calling upon the Secretary of the
Treasury forcertain information, as follows :
" First, the amount paid to the several bank-note
companies in New lork, Philadelphia, and else-
where for printing notes, bonds, and fractional cur-
rency since and including the year 1862; second, the
amount paid to Adams Express Company for trans-
porting bonds, notes, and fractional currency from
Now York and Philadelphia to Washington, and
also to transmit to this House a copy of the contract
with said company underwhich said payments were
made; third, the number of clerks and their names,
other than chiefelerks of bureaus of that Department,
who have received more than $1,800 per annumsinco
the year I860, and those who are now receiving more
than that amount, and their duties i fourth, ihe
certified copy of the pay-rolls of all the clerks and
other employes, and employes of that Department
employed in Washington, on which payments were
made or authorized to bo made for the month of
December, 1869; fifth, the amount received by the
Treasury Department for machinery, material, and
property sold or disposed of by thatDepart.ment since
and including the year 1862. and the original cost of
the same."
On the 25th day of February the Secretary
of the Treasury anwered that resolution. In
his answer he sets forth that, as nearly as I can
count the names, two hundred and fifty clerks
other than chief clerks and heads of bureaus
have since 1866 been receiving more than the
$1,800 salary provided by law, and that over
sixty are now receiving it. I doubt whether
auy man can tell the exact number of employes,
men and women, in that Department. I have
no doubtthereareoverfour thousand. By this
list, which you see makes almost a volume, I find
that George B. McCartee is receiving $5,000;
George B. Casserly, $5,000; and various others
whose names I need not read are receiving
various amounts, from $5,000 down to $2,500,
being largely in excess of what they are entitled
to receive by law ; and these sums are paid, in
part at least, out of this fund, indefinite in
amount and not arising from any specific ap-
propriation, increasing, of course, the sum
total raised by taxation.
1 find, by reference to another list attached
to the Secretary's response, that this Depart-
ment undertakes also to pay certain men large
allowances for extra services beyond the sums
appropriated by law for their salaries. And
this, too, I believe is paidout oftheone percent,
fund, which is set apart for the sale of the
notes, bonds, &c., of the United States. The
Dcpartmentundertakes to pay these men what-
ever it pleases. The communication to which
I am now referring was not ordered to be
printed, as it ought to have been, as usuaMy
all executive documents are. I suppose the
bulk of thedocment deterred the Speaker from
suggesting to the House the order for printing.
But I intend toasktheHouseto have it printed,
that we may understand the amount of these
various expenditures.
I find, too, by this reply of the Secretary,
that about eighty-six thousand dollars \yas paid
to tiie Adams Express Company for carrying
these notes to New York and elsewhere. This
expenditure may be ali right; I do not know
whether it is or not. But here are immense
expenditures of which the House and the coun-
try have had no account, all of which is paid
out of funds outside of the amounts regularly
appropriated, and goes to swell the expendi-
tures of the Government. All of it, of course,
no matter how obtained, comes by taxation,
and of the labor of the people. I hope the
House will consent to have this document
printed, so that we may know where a portion
of this money has gone to.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a large amount of the
public money has gone improperly, as I have
shown, to the pay of these clerks. The gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, showed
us yesterday that large sums of the public
m-oney have been paid out in ways of which
until then many of us were unaware. He
proved that the real pay of Army officers is far
in excess of that which seems to be their pay.
He showed us that while the pay of a General
is fixed at ยง4,800, he actually receives $19,278
every year, in one way or other. While the
pay of a Lieutenant General is by law $3,240,
the amount of money he receives every year is
$14,118. The pay of a major general seems
to be only $2,040 a year, when in reality every
major general receives $9,862 every year. And
in the payment of these enormous salaries is
where a large portion of the heavy taxesimposed
upon the people goes. The gentleman from
Illinois informed us that we were paying $15,000
a year for an office for one general in Chicago,
and I am informed that $60,000 a year is paid
for the office of the quartermaster at New Y ork.
We are spending money in every shape and
form, and no one seems to know where it goes
to or cares where it comes from. Here are
unexpended balances of some one hundred and
two million dollars which we know nothing
about. To be sure we have some information
now upon the subject; but it has come too late
for any action on ourpart. Weonly got itafter
the third effort. We have got the facts at the
wrong time; they ought to have come sooner;
and when we get them they show that some
ninety-four million dollars have been expended
in ways that this House has known nothing of.
I might go on and show how the public
money is being expended for the Boston post
office and the New York post office, and other
publicbuildings. TheNew York and Boston post
offices are already running up to $7,000,000.
Under the management of the supervising
architect the New York building was staited
at about three million dollars. Soon the cost
worked up to about four million dollars. We
have now thestateineut of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads that the final coat
will be probably $5,000,000, and that they can-
not ascertain what the ultimate cost will be.
The cost of the Boston post office is also swell-
ing up. No one can tell what these public build-
ings are to cost us. From the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Boyd] we learned on this floor
that Mr. Mullet, this same supervising archi-
tect, has been holding a commission as special
agent of the Post Office Department, which
gives him the privilege of the free pass upon
all the railroads of the country, while at the
same time he has been drawing from the Treas-
ury some $3,000 for traveling expenses for the
last year. Yet these things have been passed
over without auy attempt at remedy. There
seems to be a rush on the part of the partisans
of the present Administration to get whatever
they can without regard to the interests of the
people. There seems to be a constant effort
to make places, for which there is no need on
tiie part of the Government, merely for the
purpose of putting partisan polilicians in
them.
As a part of the argument both of the Speaker
and the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, we are told there were stealings
under the administration of Andrew Johnson.
That is no doubt true, and I have no doubt
there has been less stolen this year in the col-
lection 01 the internal revenue than last year.
That far Speaker Blaise's letter is corrcct.
But that must not be set down to the credit of
this Administration. It grows out of the fact
that you reduced the tax upon distilled spirits
from two dollars a gallon to fifty cents. It is
just what will occur when you reduce the tax
or tariff on any thing in the same proportion ;
for where the inducement to steal is less less
will be stolen. We Democrats are not respons-
ible for Andrew Johnson. The responsibility
is entirely with the other side. But Andrew
Johnson is not responsible l'or the stealings of
previous years. The whole responsibility is
with the Republican party. Andrew John-
son tried for at least a year, perhaps two, to
get rid of Mr. Rollins, of New Hampshire, the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under
whose administration of the Internal Reveuue
Bureau these stealings took place. The Re-
publican party would not let him be discharged.
The radical Republican Senate would not con-
