1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3783
any obstruction in the way of its prosperity.
But no one of us opposed to this bill is willing
that our constituents should be taxed at both
ends of the route ; first, by a high tariff to put
up the price, and then by bounties to pay that
price.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I notice that in speaking
the gentleman constantly uses the word " com-
merce." I understand that American foreign
commerce has not diminished. I wish to know
whether he refers simply to the tonnage, the
ownership of ships as falling off, or whether he
means to say that our foreign trade has really
diminished ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that the
coastwise carryingtrade has very greatly_ dimin-
ished during the last few years, and it is in
reference to that I have spoken.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is where railroads
have come into competition with it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Railroadshave come
into competition with it almost everywhere.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman
■whether he speaks of the amount of tonnage
and uses the word "commerce" by mistake?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; I did not
use it by mistake. The carrying trade by ships
has diminished. The business of transporta-
tion by ships coastwise has diminished very
greatly.
Mr. McCARTHY. Does the gentleman
mean to say that the foreign commerce of the
country has diminished?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; I do not.
I am not speaking of our foraign commerce ;
I am speaking of the coastwise trade.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The ownership of ton-
nage.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The coastwise car-
rying trade has greatly diminished, and it is
proposed by this bill, for the purpose of reviv-
ing it, to pay the owners of ships along our
coast, and engaged in transportation between
Portland and New York and Charleston and
New Orleans, and elsewhere, a bounty of so
much per ton annually.
The diminution of the coastwise and for-
eign trade is attributable to other causes than
those whichhavebeen mentioned by the friends
of the bill of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Lynch.] It is not to be revived by bounties.
You may be able to put ships along the coast
if you pay money enough. You may put out
schooners and little vessels to carry our flag if
you pay men to do it, but that will not revive
a carrying trade. You may, if you pay enough,
hire men to carry and transport along our
coast to a greater extent than now, but that
would be discriminating against railroads. If
you do that you will do a wrong to railroads.
You will give a special bounty to one branch
of the carrying trade at the expense of the
other.
The coastwise trade by ships cannot com-
pete with that by the railroads. The insurance
is much greater. Time is now becoming im-
portant in the transportation of goods as well
as of passengers. Indeed, the transportation o!
passengers by water cannot be revived by any
bounties you may give. Time, I say, is becom-
ing very important. A man "will not ship by a
vessel from New York to Portland unless the
articles he wishes to transport are very heavy
and bulky, when he can send them with so much
more speed and safety by rail, and save insur-
ance.
This bill is to be followed by one to tax my
people in order to put lines of vessels on the
ocean between Portland and New York, Bos-
ton and Charleston, and then you propose
follow that up by taxing them still further by
paying large subsidies to different lines of
steamships, to be built under the bounties under
this same bill, from Portland, from Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Charles
ion, Now Orleans, and from San Francisco,
thus almost encircling our country with a ring
of subsidized steamships for the benefit of a
class. And even the subsidies that you pro-
pose will not induce men to build vessels unless
you first offer a bounty to the builder. No
business, sir, can be carried on in that way in
this country. You are subsidizing to death,
and the people who pay the taxes will not stand
it, and ought not to stand it. I am willing
wherever it is necessary to carry our mails to
authorize the Postmaster General—and the
committee over which I have the honor to pre-
side have in several instances reported bills
authorizing the Postmaster G-eneral—to con-
tract, and to contract on liberal terms, for a
long term of years, with anybody who will put
good lines of steamships between this country
and Europe. We pay subsidies to a line from
San Francisco to the Sandwich Islands, and to
China, and to a line from New York to Brazil.
I am willing that the Postmaster General shall
contract to give the entire postages to any
lines that will carry the American flag and
carry our mails to any point of Europe or any-
where else. I am willing to do all that, but I
am not willing to tax my constituents in order
to pay a bounty to give to men to put ships on
the ocean. If yourtariff is so high thatunder it
men canuot build ships, reduce 3'our tariff so that
they may be built. I yield for a few moments
to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch,]
who desires to make a statement to the House,
and after that I will yield to my colleague, [Mr.
Logan.]
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. J^aunswokth] has yielded to me, to offera
bill, which has been agreed upon by the com-
mittee this morning as a substitute for the
pending bill. I will state that, if agreed to, it
will merely allow a drawback 011 material
entering into the construction of a ship, and
also the stores used and consumed on the voy-
age to a foreign port. The proviso also, which
allows the same amount where American ma-
terial is used, is retained, but is modified so as
to apply only to ships of a thousand tons or
upward.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. What effect will the admis-
sion of this substitute have on the pending
amendments ?
The SPEAKER. It will be the last one
voted on.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
substitute offered by Mr. Li'xcn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the reading of
this substitute come out of my time?
Mr. LYNCH. I do not wish to have time
occupied with the reading of it now. It will
be read before it is voted 011.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield ten
minutes to my colleague, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to occupy
the time of the House more than a verv few
moments. What I say will be in reference to
the general proposition of this bill, to which I
am entirely opposed. I wholly disagree with
a great deal that has been said here by many
of the gentlemen who have discussed this ques-
tion. I may be considered by some of my
friends as going a little too far in the oppo-
site direction; but the views I entertain on this
question 1 hold to, and must give them utter-
ance.
I am opposed to this system of giving boun-
ties to ship-builders or to anybody else for the
encouragement of particular interests. _ To
encourage a particular interest by requiring
the whole balance of the country to become
contributors to it, is something which 1 do
not believe to be sound either in policy or in
theory. Nearly every gentleman who has ad-
vocated this bill has declared, and in fact the
bill itself starts out with the declaration, that
by the war our shipping has been almost en-
tirely destroyed. I say that the very preamble
of the bill is untrue; for the statistics show
that our shipping was not destroyed by war. I
mean to say that our vessels were not actually
destroyed by piratical crafts on the high seas,
except to a limited extent, though I say that,
even for the destruction to that limited extent
we ought to have acted much more severely
than we did with those who caused it, and
given them more punishment then we did for
their conduct.
But, sir, the occasion of it was this. As we
all understand, capital is timid. When danger
arose the ship-owners of this country having
their money invested in ships, rather than take
the chances of the high seas and of the dqstrjic-,
tion of their property by pirates, transferred
their vessels to citizens of foreign Powers a,nd
allowed them to sail under foreign flags. And,
because this has been done those who favor
this bill oppose the return of those ships under
our own flag. Why? For the reason that
it would build up the shipping interest in this
country. They say that it will give more em-
ployment to our ship-builders if you keep those
ships still under a foreign flag and refuse them
a return to their own nation and country. I
cannot understand what good policy there is
in this. We have almost every day bills intro-
duced here or reported from the Committee on
Reconstruction relieving from disabilities men
who carried their muskets for the purpose of
destroying the Government, but when the own-
ers of property who during the war transferred
it to a foreign Power to save it from the risk
of destruction appeal for its restoration under
their own flag, they are told in this House, "In
time of danger you placed your property under
a foreign flag, and it shall not now be entered
again under the flag of your own country."
Sir, I do not understand this theory; I can-
not understand it. It may be good policy, but
it is not what I have been taught to regard as
good policy. If gentlemen intend to allow all
the men who arrayed themselves against this
Government to return under the flag of this
country and enjoy all the rights and privileges
which they had before, why should we refuse
to allow these men who own property that
they hold in trust to bring it back under our
flag? There is no reason for it. I myself
am in favor of repealing that law so as to allow
men to buy their ships abroad or to bring them
back and enter them again under the flag of
their country. I say to you now, that if you
refuse to do this, and intend to build up the
shipping of this country by preventing persons
from purchasing vessels from foreign coun-
tries, the result will be, as the expense of ship-
building in this country is so much greater
than it is in foreign countries, that the men
who transport their produce to foreign lands
will have to pay the excess in the cost of the
ship-building, so that our ship-builders can
compete with their foreign rivals. It is merely
coming back to the proposition of taxing the
people to support a few men.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman allow
me a word ?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. LYNCH. I understand that the gen-
tleman is in favor of allowing foreign-built
ships to come in and take American registers
free of duty.
Mr. LOGAN. I have said no such thing.
I said, and I repeat it, that where our citizens
hold their vessels as trustees, and placed them
under a foreign flag for the protection of their
property duiing the war, while you relieve
men from disabilities who fought against the
Government, I am in favor of giving prop-
erty the same privilege, and allowing it to be
reentered under our flag.
Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman will allow
me, 1 will say to him that the life of a wooden
vessel is only ten years, and therefore it is not
a practical quesiion to-day.
Mr. LOGAN. If it is not, then why keep
the law on your statute-book? Why do those
who support this bill, and others, insist that
these vessels shall not be allowed to return
under our flag? The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr, J who is not now in bis
