1896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
United States; that the figures which I carried
there, setting forth what had been collected by
his Administration during the last year, as
compared with the dollars and cents that had
been paid out during that same year—that those
figures were an earnest of what should be the
policy of the President for the years to come;
that there should be no ascending scale in the
public expenditures hereafter; that whenever
and wherever the closest scrutiny could disclose
the possibility of cutting off one dollar of ex-
penditures it should be done. That is what I
stated.
And now, if the figures which I gave were
correct, I submit to my friend from New York
[Mr. Cox] that he has jumped before lie reached
the stile; that it would have been better for
him to have waited till the close of this year and
footed up these appropriations and expendi-
tures, and then he could have arraigned me if
the facts should then justify him.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, if the gentleman
from Massachusetts will yield 
Mr. DAWES. Not quite yet.
Mr. MeNEELY. Will the gentleman allow
me to read an extract from his speech as
printed in the Globe?
Mr. DAWES. Not quite yet; I suppose
the gentleman understands what that means.
I will give the gentleman time, but by-and-by;
and I insist upon it that it is not for the gen-
tleman to say when I shall do so. I am now
attending to my colleague on the Committee
on Appropriations [Mr. Beck] and the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Cox;] two at a
time are quite as many as 1 want. I will be
happy to answer the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. McNeely] when I liave got through with
those gentlemen.
The figures which I gave my colleague on
the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Buck]
thinks are not correct, lie thinks so because
tho Secretary of the Treasury has furnished us
within a week a document which gives the
unexpended balances on hand on the 1st of
last July, and liow much of that amount will
be wanted, in the opinion of tho Secretary, in
addition to the regular appropriations to carry
us through the year. The figures which I gave
in New Hampshire were figures covering the
actual expenditures between the 4th of March,
1809, and about the 1st of March, 1870, or
pretty near the 1st of March ; up to, perhaps,
the middle of February, 1870. The estimates
which my colleague on the committee [Mr.
Beck] refers to cover a different year; a year
beginning on the 1st of July alter the 4th of
March, 3 809, and going over to the 1st of July
yet to come.
That account is made up of two items : first,
the items of appropriation for expenditures ;
and second, an estimated item of how much
money out of the unexpended balance must be
added to the appropriations. He states the
sum total of those two items correctly. But as
they cover a different period from the figures
1 have used he cannot arraign me. Nobody
can tell till after next July the sum total of
expenditures between July and July. I took
the period between March and March, so that
I could compare one year with another.
I am as sorry as the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to see Ike exhibit in this pamphlet. I
am not disposed to-day to palliate or cover up
anything any more than I was a month ago ;
and I am not one of those who can coolly throw
away $91,000 on any appropriation to gratify
a kind feeling. But, sir, the amount that will
be necessary for the coming year out of the
unappropriated balances is an estimate, not an
actual expenditure. And it is an estimate made
up by the same bureau which I had occasion
to arraign here a month ago on such a matter.
Many ot these bureaus after getting their data
estimate upon the principle that they will keep
their hold just as long as they can upon all
the money that may have been appropriated
for tho use of those bureaus Any one who
will look into this pamphlet will see this dem-
onstrated. Bureau after bureau reports that
it has a given sum of unexpended balances last
July; that is given in one column. Then the
bureau estimates how much will be needed for
the next year; and that is put in the other
column. And the columns, one after another,
run parallel to a dime. That is the work of
the bureaus. As I said in New Hampshire,
and as I said here, the bureaus are responsible
for these estimates; and more than half the
heads of bureaus have been inherited by this
Administration from its predecessor.
The gentleman from Kentucky has expressed
confidence in the honesty of the Secretary of
the Treasury; and let me say that until this
officer can relieve himself from the embarrass-
ments which surround him, arising from the
machinery and those who control the machin-
ery that has come down to him from profli-
gate Administrations and profligate policies in
the past, neither the present Secretary of the
Treasury nor any other, however honest or
however clear-headed, can fully realize by his
official conduct an Administration on econom-
ical principles.
Now, sir, my friend from New York [Mr.
Cox] accuses me of saying in New Hampshire
that " everything is lovely,'' while in the speech
made in this House I had said just the reverse.
I did say in that speech that these expenditures
were to be cut down, if at all, here on this floor;
that we could have no aid either at the other
end of the Capitol or at the other end of the
avenue. I see that my friend thinks that this
is the point upon which he will be most rejoiced
to hear me, and now I pray him to have his
ears erect. [Laughter.] Sir, he has served
eight or nine years in Congress, and if he should
obtain the floor when I get through I hope he
will tell me whether he ever knew an appro-
priation to be out down in the other end of the
Capitol; whether he ever knew an appropria-
tion bill that did not come back from the other
end of the Capitol largely increased in amount.
If he can point to any case in which this was
not so his experience has been different from
mine, although it embraces about the same
period of time. I said further that we could
not look to tho other end of tho avenue for any
aid in cutting down these estimates.
Mr. MeNEELY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. DAWES. If my friend's impatience
should not get the better of him I will give
him an opportunity very soon to say what he
desires.
Mr. McNEELY. I would like to make a
remark in this connection.
Mr. DAWES. I do not yield, though I as-
sure the gentleman that I will do so before I
get through. When I said that we could not
look to the other end of the avenue for any aid
in cutting down these estimates what did I
mean? That statement was the result of an
investigation of the Committee on Appropria-
tions into the estimates. As I stated to the
House, I had been around to all these bureaus ;
and I repeat, that up to the time when the
attention of this House and the country was
called to the character of those estimates it
was impossible (o awaken those bureaus to the
necessity of cutting down those estimates. It
was the bureaus that were responsible for the
estimates, and against them I complained. I
am not going to say anything about the effect
of any expose or any statement made here;
but I repeat here, in the hearing of the other
members of the Committee on Appropriations,
that my experience justified me in saying that
in the bureaus where those estimates originated
there was an indifference as to the amount of
those estimates which justified me in saying
at that time that we could have no active aid
from that end of tho avenue in cutting them
down.
Why, sir, members of the Cabinet them-
selves are controlled in this matter by their
bureaus. Such is the organization of the De-
partments—and in this respect a change is
demanded—that tho head of a Department
cannot know personally the necessities of his
bureaus unless he devotes himself specially to
that matter to the neglect of that general super-
vision of the Department to which he is called
when lie is made one of the advisers of the
President. While the theory of the law makes
the head of the Department responsible, the
fact is that the work in regard to the estimates
is done in the bureaus. I say here to-day that
up to that time those remarks were true. If
they are not true now, if in any quarter there
is a disposition to cut down these estimates
for appropriations, I am thankful for it, from
whatever cause it may proceed, and whoever
shall do it in good faith shall find me standing
shoulder to shoulder with him in an effort to
cut them down. As I said in New Hampshire,
wherever and whenever the closest scrutiny
shall disclose the possibility of cutting down a
single dollar I am for it.
Now, Mr. Chairman, one word more as to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,]
who said that the public debt to-day was larger
than it was a year ago. Nearly one hundred
million dollars of that debt have been purchased
in within a year by the present Secretary of the
Treasury, while his predecessor was so unfor-
tunateas toaddtothatdebt. And hehasput it
there into the sinking fund. In accordance with
existing laws he holds it to-day subject to the
disposal of Congress. The sinking fund, Mr.
Chairman, has no meaning in the world excep
that it holds the securities and accruing interest
and applies them to the accretion of tho whole
fund. It is the property of the debtor pur-
chased by the debtor; they are the bonds of
the Government purchased by the Govern-
ment; and when you come to state the public
debt they stand there as so many canceled
bonds of the Government. They are not so
many millions of the debt of the Government
held by the Government; and therefore it is
just and proper to say that to that extent the
debt is diminished, although the bonds stand
in the public debt the same, but they are in the
hands of the debtor and are held for the pur-
pose of using the accruing interest for the still
further extinguishment of the public debt.
Mr. VOOBHEES. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. VOOliHEES. My object in making
the statement I did a few moments ago was to
call attention to the fact that there is no dimi-
nution of tax under this Administration. I
repeat my statement, that the interest-bearing
debt has not been diminished. I state here
that the interest account of the people is larger
to-day than it was on the 1st day of March,
18G9. I care not whether that interest account
is on bonds outstanding or on bonds funded ;
and it matters not to the tax-payer which way
it is, for if he has to pay tax to keep up this
volume of interest-bearing notes he does not
feel the benefit of this financial system. I
repeat again, that by the last monthly state-
ment of the Secretary of the Treasury, over
his own signature, the interest-bearing debt is
larger than on the 1st of March, 1809. That
is the record on the subject.
Mr. DAWES. Now, if my friend says he
does not care whether that is funded debt or
not, I know he is not one who does not care
whether the public debt is naid or not.
Mr. VOOliHEES. I do not mean that.
Mr. DAWES. I know the gentleman does
not.
Mr. VOORHEES. I am not in that cate-
gory at all.
Mr. DAWES. I care a good deal; and
when the time comcs that hall' is in the sink-
ing fund I shall feel that one half of the debt
is paid, and when three fourths arc in the sink-
ing fund I shall feel that every dollar put in
there is so much of the public debt canceled
and paid. I know wo appropriate to put the
interest on it as composing part of our public
debt. To make a sinking fund you put your
own obligations into it and then pay the inter-
