18-70.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3785
the great ocean-carrying trade of the world, that
the gentleman from Maine should have been
its chairman; and I mean no reflection upon
him, for as I have said, he has discharged his
duty with ability in reference to the interest in
which his constituents are particularly con-
cerned.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a uuestion?
Mr. INtJERSOLK Yes, sir.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether the report submitted to the House
from that committee has only considered the
question of building ships in my section of the
country?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir.
Mr. LYNCH. Then what does the gentle-
man mean?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will tell you what I
mean. That report, embodying the testimony
of witnesses as well as the conclusions of the
committee, embraces the wholesubject; but the
bill reported by the committee does not em-
brace the whole subject. ' The original resolu-
tion embraced the whole subject, and the report
of the committee necessarily embraced it,
because there came before that committee those
engaged in shipping as well as those engaged
in ship-building.
Mr. LYNCH rose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot allow any
further interruption. J have not time enough
to consider the bill of the committee. I say,
without any disrespect to the gentleman from
Maine, that this bill is a fraud on theresolution
by which the committee was created, a fraud
on the great interests involved in this question.
Let me read the preamble to this bill to show
whether I do not characterize it properly.
Whereas the mercantile maiine of thecountiy wag
nearly destroyed durme: the late rebellion in conse-
quence of the inability of the Government to
protect it.
That, sir, is not true. The gentleman well
knows that not more than one hundred thou-
sand tons were destroyed by the privateers of the
southern confederacy. He knows that only
about eight hundred thousand tons were trans-
ferred to foreign flags lor protection, and that
that left us over three million tons. It is a fact
that but only one hundred thousand tons were
destroyed by rebel cruisers, and eight hundred
thousand tons were transferred in order that
they might be protected under foreign flags.
We did not lose one quarter of our ocean ton-
nage by the direct and indirect consequences
of t.li.e war.
The SPEAKER. The gentle-man's Jive min-
utes have expired.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 understood,! was to
have ten minutes.
Let me continue the reading of the preamble
of this bill:
And now, whilo bearing its share of taxation, ha1?
no such protection from foreign competition as is
afforded to other great mitionnl interests and indus-
tries, an d is lheiefure steadily declining; and whereas
tile restoi ation of our commercial marine, constitut-
ing as it does one of the most efficient means of
detense in time ot war, is ot great national import-
ance andessential to the mainrenaaice of our position
as a first-class Power: Therefore,
Then they go on to say, " We will revive the
ship-building interest in Maine." What can they
build in Maine? Nobody knows better than
you, Mr. Speaker, that they eannotbuild an iron
ship iti Maine. What do you propose to build
• in Maine? Wooden ships. What for? For
foreign commerce? No! What lor? For the
* coastwise trade, of which they have an abso-
lute monopoly now. You do not expect ship-
builders in Maine, or elsewhere on the coast
of this country, to build iron ships that will
compete with the iron-built ships of the Clyde.
You only propose by this bill to revive the
wooden ship-building interest in Maine by
allowing the ship-builders a large bounty and
giving them privileges which no other interest
possesses. And you expect to enrich them ;
you expect to enrich this ship-building interest
at the expense of the tax-payers of this coun-
try. You know well that if the provisions of
this bill became a law to-day you would not en-
gage in the carrying-trade to foreign countries.
If your bill should become a law.to-day Ameri-
can tonnage, so far as the foreign carrying trade
is concerned, would continue to decline, and
to decline until it became absolutely extinct!
Now, Mr. Speaker, this effort to revive the
foreign carrying trade, this effort to revive the
ship-building interest of Maine and the Atlan-
tic coast, and thereby revive American foreign
commerce, is equally as impotent and absurd
as it would have been twenty years ago to have
made an effort to revive the stage-coach busi-
ness, as against the railroad interest. The time
was when the transportation of passengers was
carried on in old-fashioned stages. Most of
them were built in New Hampshire, at Con-
cord, I believe. Now, suppose that, after the
inauguration of our railroad system, a select
committee of nine had been appointed by this
House to inquire into the cause of the decline
of the American stage-coach business, that
committee would have lound that railroads had
superseded the clumsy and inadequate stages,
and that any attempt to sustain and bolster up
the stage-coach system to compete with the rail-
road system would not only be futile but ridicu-
lous. But 1 am far from certain that they would
have so reported to the House. Railroads
drove out of existence the stage-coaches, and
iron ships are destined, and at no distant day,
to drive from the ocean the wooden ships of
Maine, as the locomotive drove the stages of
New Hampshire from the land. Iron has now
superseded the use of wood in the construction
ot ocean ships, and the committee and the
House would do lvell to recognize the fact.
[Here the hammer foil.J
Mr; EARNS WORTH. I now yield to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] to offer
an amendment.
Mr. COX. T offer an amendment to the
substitute of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Lynch.] as follows: Strike out all after the
word "material " in the twelfth line.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
considered as pending.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Reeves] to
offer an amendment.
Mr. REEVES. I move to amend the sub-
stitute as follows : Insert after the word '• Ma-
nila" the words ''lead, copper, and copper
sheathing."
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
considered as pending.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield ten
minutes to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfiei.d.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I desiie to present three points for the con-
sideration of the House in the ten minute.?
awarded me. I have studied this subject, as
presented m the report of the committee and
elsewhere, and it seems to me that the trouble
about our tonnage at the present time is not
that there is a hick of tonnage on the ocean,
but that the American people do not control
a lequisile share of that tonnage. It seems
to me that, we shall make a mistake if we pro-
ceed on the supposition that there is a lack
of tonnage and that more means ot' transport-
ation on the high seas are needed. From a
report made in 1801 by an American consul,
witch appears to bo a very comprehensive one,
it was sho.wn that the tonnage ot' the world
was about seventeen million tons, of which
the United States owned five and a half mil-
lions; Great Britain five and three quarter mil-
lions; and ail other countries about five and
three quarter millions more. Or we might say,
that the tonnage on the high seas was about
equally divided into three equal shares, of which
one was held by Great Britain, one by the Uni-
ted States, aud one by all other countries.
It appears that now, in consequence of the
war and various other causes, there has been
a change in the relative ownership of the ton-
nage, but not in the total amount. There are
no complaints from parties that they cannot
get merchandise shipped across the sea. They
only complain that the American flag does not
cover a sufficient amount of the tonnage. The
question, then, which we have to determine is
this, will we remedy the evil by increasing the
total volume of tonnage, or shall we seek some
method of placing a greater share of it under
the American flag?
From the latest reports of our Treasury De-
partment, it appears that the total tonnage of
Great Britain is now five and a half million
tons,.while the tonnage of the United States is
four million one hundred and forty-four thou-
sand tons. _ But the tonnage of the United
States includes one million six hundred and
seventy-four thousand tons in the coasting
trade, six hundred and sixty-one thousand tons
on our lakes, and three hundred and ninety-two
thousand tons on our rivers, leaving our ocean
tonnage only one million four hundred and
sixteen thousand tons—vastly loss than it was
before the war.
The trouble is not that we have not tonnage
at home; it is that we lack tonnage on the
seas. At the present moment there are one
hundred and seventeen steamers that plow the
ocean between Ameiica and Europe, and on
not one of them does the American flag float.
Nevertheless, a respectable proportion of the
capital in those ships is owned by Americans.
The German line is very largely owned by
American citizcns. The Guion line is, I think,
mainly owned by American citizens; but they
are compelled to put their capital into ships
that sail under foreign flags. I point to these
facts as the first point I desired to make, in
order that we may see where the difficulty lies,
and keep this fact in view in adopting reme-
dies.
I now desire to call the attention of the
House to a second point, which is this : I object
to the bill as reported by the committee, because
it does not give aid to that part of our com-
merce where relief is needed to our foreign ton-
nage, and it does give aid where relief is noL
needed. Now, I can have no better proof of
this than the sensitiveness of the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Lynch] in regard to any
amendment which shall limit the operation of
the bill to vessels engaged in foreign trade.
When the bill was open to amendment yester-
day, aud when the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] proposed an amendment of six words
to limit all these drawbacks, bounties, subsi-
dies, and tonnage dims and various aids pro-
vided in the bill to ships of two thousand tons
and upward, the gentleman in charge of the
bill would not permit that amendment to be
offered. This morning the gentleman has
offered a substitute, which I have read at the
Clerk's desk, and I find it only limits the
operation of the bill to ships of one thousand
tons and upward, which would include a large
share of the shipping even on our northern
lakes, and which will apply to the coasting
trade in all its more important features, i
desire, therefore, to say that whatever may be
the purpose of those who will support this bill,
it is perfectly clear that it will give great addi-
tional advantages to the builders of ships for
the coasting trade—a class of men who are now
engaged in a business of which to-day they have
the absolute monopoly as against all foreigner.-!.
There is not a keel owned or built by foreigners
that can under our laws engage in our lake and
coasting trade. All the vessels engaged in it
aie "built and wholly owned by Americans.
There appears to be no other falling otf in our
coasting trade than that which the natural com-
petition of railroads has produced.
Now, with this monopoly of the busitu.ss a
bill is proposed that cannot take lesa ilian
$10,000,000 a year out of the Treasury to m-
crease the profits of those who are engaged in
building vessels for the coasting trade.
But 1 have further asserted that thi? bill will
not give the needed relief u> our foreign com-
