1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4729
that requires irrigation to make it productive.
That is particularly the case in the Territories
of New Mexico and Arizona. Why, sir, there
are the evidences now existing there of exten-
sive irrigating works that were made by some
former inhabitants of those Territories, pre-
cisely whom we do not now know.
Large canals are to be found in Arizona to-
day distinctly traceable for many miles, some
of them thirty feet in width, which were used
by some former inhabitants of that country
for the purposes of irrigation. That country
depends for its fertility, almost all of it, upon
imgation, and natuie has wisely provided the
means of irrigation. There are mountains in
that country. East of California is the great
Sieira Nevada range of mountains always cov-
ered with snow, as is indicated by the name.
From that great fountain water is supplied by
which these valleys, which without water are
and and unproductive, may be rendered ex-
ceedingly productive. The attention of the
people of California is now being turned
directly to such enterprises, and it is to be
hoped that they will be carried out and encour-
aged by the action of Congress, and in Califor-
nia more thau in the Territories to which I
have alluded. I believe that an amendment
should be placed in this bill authorizing the
construction of canals for irrigating purposes
without any obstruction made by the grant of
lands. I am prepared to offer an amendment
of that sort before the bill is finally disposed
of. I shall not offer it at this tune, because
there is another subject under consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Trum-
bull in the chair.) The question is on striking
out the twenty-iifth section.
Mr. SCOTT. The action of the Senate upon
the two amendments that have been previously
before it—one proposing to extend the grant to
railroads in Alabama and Mississippi, and the
other the amendment of the Senator Irom Mis-
so'.'.ii, proposing to extend the Kansas Pacilic
lailroad—has indicaied a line of policy which I
suppose is intended to be adhered to ; and cer-
tainly if it is to be departed fioni some very
good reason should be given lor it. Now, sir,
let us look at what is proposed to bo accom-
plished by this twenty-fifth section, and see
whether every reason that has been urged here
against the adoption of the previous amend-
ments does not exist with tenfold force against
the retention of this section.
First, the Southern Pacific railroad of Cali-
fornia is a railroad company created by the
State of California. It holds its charter under
State legislation. It. isauthorized by that State j
legislation to construct, its road as tar south as ;
the Atlantic and Pacific road; that is. on the j
thirty-fifth parallel. Now. then, we propose j
by an act of Congress to authen/.e that State ,
corporation to extend its road Irom tne thiri\'- j
fifth parallel south to the thirty-second parallel,
and thus we should have the anomalous state
of affairs of a railroad corporation authorized
for perhaps five sixths of its length by State
legislation and the remaining sixth by an act
of Congress. The Senate has indicated its dis-
sent to extending the Kansas Pacific railroad,
a road created by an act of Congress, across the
Atlantic and Pacific railroad, to connect with
this Texas Pacific road 
Mr. HOWARD. Under a territorial charter,
and now a State charter.
Mr. SCOTT. That was a territorial charter,
and now a State charter, as the chairman of
the committee suggests. Now, this section
proposes to authorize this road, chartered by
California, to extend across the Atlantic and
Pacific road, just as the Kansas Pacific would
have done, to the Texas Pacific. Bat more
than that, this section not only authorizes the
splicing of a State charter and an act ot Con-
gress together to give that extension, but it
authorizes two branches at another portion of
i he Soul hei n Pacilic railroad of California and
gives to it a land grant.
If these reasons were good agamst ingrafting
on this bill an amendment in regard to the
Kansas Pacific Railroad Company, they oper-
ate with very much greater force against, extend-
ing these privilegs by this section to the South-
ern Pacific railroad of California. I presume
the policy of the Senate will be best accom-
plished by adhering to the simple proposition
of incorporating a line of railroad from Mar-
shall to San Diego on the Pacific coast. If it
be a great object to make a connection with
San Francisco, then the same charter which
authorized the building of the Southern Pacific
railroad to the eastern boundary of California
also authorized the construction of that road
south along the coast to San Diego ; so that if
the other connection be important, they have
the right to build the road, if that be practicable
and desirable, down the coast to San Diego.
Now, Mr. President, the Senate having, as
I have already said, indicated its line of policy,
I call the attention of the Senate to the features
in this section which should induce it to con-
tinue that line of policy and strike out this
section, in accordance with the motion of the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. STE WART. If you are going to strike
that out, strike off your branch running through
Arkansas ; strike off the branch running to .N ew
Orleans; strike out the Mississippi branch.
These were settled upon by the committee. It
seems to me it is quite as important to have a
connection with San Francisco—there is where
you are all driving at—as with any other place,
and this is the most expeditious and straight-
forward way of getting it, and it was reported
by the committee. The other schemes referred
to the committee reported upon separately, and
declined to unite them with this bill, and so
they were not put on. There was opposition
to them. The Senator from Missouri withdrew
his amendment. The Senate has not decided
that it would not put it on, but meeting with
opposition, he withdrew it.
Mr. SCOTT. I understood the Senator from
Nevada to concur in that opposition to the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. S.TKWAHT. I said nothing about it.
It was my opinion, as the eommitiee had re-
ported it separately, that it should stand on its
own merits. I individually had no preference
about it; but the friends of the thirty-second
parallel road were fearful that it would em-
barrass the bill, and I did not wish to put any-
thing on it that would embarrass them. Besides,
they had been reported on by the committee
separately. This is a part of the through line
to San Francisco. It is part of the same gen-
eral scheme.
Mr. C ASSERLY. I hope the friends of the
Sow hern Pacilic railroad route will not be mis-
led by any appeals in favor of these collateral
; propositions, ilie thirty-second parallel route
j is stronger thau uii these collateral roads put
i together. It is a great deal weaker because
! they are on its back. If these collateral roads
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEWART. I callfor the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Oasserly, Conkling, I-'eiaon, Harlan, Howe,
Johnston, McCreery, Pool, Pratt, Robertson, Seo'tt,
Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, Willey, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Brownlow, Carpenter, Cole, Cor-
bett, Gilbert, Harris, Howard, Kollogg, McDonald,
Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy., Ramsey, Itice, Sawyer,
Spencer, Stewart, Warner, and Williams—19.
ABSENT-—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Bucking-
ham, Cattcll, Chandler, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Ed-
munds, Ferry, lilanacan, Fowler. Ilamiltonof Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, ILimlin, Howell, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Vermont. Morton, Nor-
ton, Patterson, llevels, Ross, Saulsbury, Seharz,
Sherman, Spraguo. Stoelaon, Sumner, Thayer,
Thurman, and Yates—33.
So the motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the bill
on page 1, line fifteen, by inserting the name
"Alfred Anthony" after" Elisha Dyer" in
the list of incorporators.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to insert three other
names after the name "Samuel Tate," on
page "2—"JohnT. Sudling, James T. Trucker,
and Charles A. Secor."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. On page 5 there is a cler-
ical error, which I desire to correct. The name
" S. J. Hines " should be " J. J. Hinds."
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Tkateorrec-
tion will be made.
Mr. NYE. • I wish now to offer an amend-
ment, as a substitute for the names of the in-
corporators in this bill. The Secretary has it
on his desk.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator give way
to me to allow me to move a slight amendment
before he moves that amendment?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to offeran amendment,
to come in at the close of the eighth section.
Mr. NYE, If it affects the bill I guess I
had better take the sense of the Senate on my
amendment first.
Mr. SAWYER. Does the Senator insist on
proceeding with his amendment now?
Mr. NYE. How long is yours going to take?
Mr. SAWYER. I think it will not take three
minutes.
Mr. NYE. What is it?
Mr. SAWYER. It is to add after the word
"exclusively," in section eight, line twenty,
the words "where the same passes through the
public lands granted herein;'' so that the pro-
viso will read:
Prowled further. That in the construction of the
said rjiiroad American iron or steel only shall be
u«ed, the same to be manufactured irom American
ores exclusively, where the same passes through the
| public lands granted heroin.
i Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment
'■ will be adopted. We have inexhaustibl sup-
in the United States accessi-
plies of iron ore i  -
ard branches"could be taken out of this bill •; ble to everybody; and I think the time lias
the bill for the thirty-second parallel road could ;i come when the Govemmem^ o e n
i • a. 4*,rv.;i-tira<s Kv ,i States ought to requne, at ieast inline
struction of railroads, that American iron shall
be passed in the Senate in forty minutes, by
a two-thirds vote, according to my judgment.
That is what Congress, I presume, at this late
period of the session would desire to do, to
pass upon the piojeet of a great trunk-line
from some point m Texas, either in the btate
or on the border, to San Diego on the Pacific.
I believe there is no serious opposition to it
fiom any party, or from any considerable num-
ber of members in either House. I trust tuat
its real friends will not be misled into ail at-
tempt to bolster up projects that have no legit-
imate immediate connection with it, and which
onlv weaken it. 1 repeat, sir, that the mam
trunk 011 its real merits is strong enough to go ^
alone, and a great deal stronger than ail these
other roads put together.
The PRESIDING OPHCiiR, (Mr. Pomk-
koy in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa, LMr.
Huilax,] to strike out the twenty-fifth section
of the substitute of the committee.
be used. •,, , j .
Mr. NYE. Allow me. As this will lead to
some considerable discussion, I hope the ques-
tion mav be taken on my amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. If.it is going to lead to
a discussion now I will withdraw it for tiie
moment and offer it at a later period.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. NYE. I present my amendment, sub-
stituting names for those of the corporators m
the bill as presented by the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada has not vet
been reported. It will be lead, that it may be
understood.
Mr. NYE. It is a list of corporators a. pro-
pose to substitute. Many of the names are <, e
same as those in the bill. If it is desirable
that all these names be read  
