1898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
him as an old friend. I came into Congress
with him nearly fourteen years ago, and have
always found him morally right, and have
always found him in a conflict between his
morality and his politics. The gentleman
knows very well that from the beginning to the
end of this debate that is in question it was not
a question whether he stated the estimates of
the Departments one way or another, bat he
endeavored t.o create and did create the im-
pression upon this House and upon the country
that the administration of General Grant in all
its Departments, except the Attorney Gen-
eral's, was profligate and extravagant.
And the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] argued, not the question of estimates,
not the question of appropriations, but the
question of economy. And having argued that
question of economy, he gave, what now is his
cxcusc for his speech, the estimates of the pres-
ent Administration, and contrasted them with
the appropriations for the previous Administra-
tion. And in that way he showed, as the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. McNbely] has shown
from reading the speech of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, that the present Administration
was more extravagant by many million dollars
than the administration of Andrew Johnson.
We all know that the administration of Gen-
eral Grant came into power upon the idea of
eeouomy. His supporters claimed to be econ-
omists par excellence. They claimed that the
first thing they would do would be to reduce
the public expenditures. And yet. when the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
came here he was honest enough to tell every-
body that ho was disappointed in this Admin-
istration ; that he had gone all around the De-
partments, that he had selected the members
of his committee to go to the various Depart-
ments ; that he had himself been to the Presi-
dent; and ho said, as the result of all that
investigation, that he could not get those
profligate people to cut down their estimates.
And then he goes to New Hampshire and
tells the people there that he has a message
for them from this economical President.
Sir, I say that he thereby proves that he
does one thing here and another thing in New
Hampshire. In other words, the gentleman
has swallowed his own speech. There is only
one parallel to it, and that is the case of the
oriental magi, Hadji and Cadji; the one took
a to rob and jumped down the other's throat, and
then the other took a torch and jumped down
his own throat, [laughter,] thereby leaving the
spectators totally in the dark. Now, that is the
condition of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
lie gave us the estimates of this Administra-
tion and the proceedings of the previous Admin-
istration. 1 can read what has already been
read; but that is needless, for I would not dis-
turb my friend any more on that point. I do
not care whether he calls them estimates or
appropriations. The fact remains that he
charged on this Administration, with all that
quiet, persistent, earnest power which he pos-
sesses, that they were perfectly extravagant,
if not corrupt. He tola us that he went to the
President and that the President said to him:
" I only know one Department, the War Depart-
ment, and I cannot help you 111 that." The
gentleman said to this House: " I cannot get
any help from the other end of the avenue,
for they are all alike ; only one man"—and I
believe he was right in that—" the Attorney
General, is disposed to be economical; the
poor abused Attorney General."
The gentleman from Massachusetts even
went to my namesake, the Secretary of the In-
terior, and begged him to cut down some of his
estimates in the interest of economy, so that
we might be able to reduce the taxes; and the
only response he got from Secretary Cox was,
•• I may be able to cut down something in rela-
tion to the Women's Lying-in Hospital in this
District." [Laughter.] Thatwastheonlyspeci-
men of economy the gentleman could find in
swinging around this immense circle of expend-
itures. And now he tells the people one thing
in New Hampshire—an d very properly, because
he must go out to the country and speak a
little, like the rest of us—and then he tells us
another thing here. Here he is, the noble,
patriotic, economical Representative, standing
up for the people, and we standing by him ;
and I know he is proud to have the Democratic
side of the House standing by him. He is here
fighting his own party friends, finding his
strongest opponent in the most persistent, bold
man that belongs to his party, a man from his
own State; I mean the gallant leader of the
Republican party, General Butler. [Laugh-
ter.] He finds that man fighting him day by
day and hour by hour, almost taking him down.
And now the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] comes in here and says, "After
all, my distinguished colleague, General But-
ler, was right; this Administration is not ex-
travagant in expenditures; it only estimates
extravagantly.'' [Laughter. ]
Now I warA. my good friend from Massachu-
setts, whom I love so well, with whom I have
served so long, who was my subordinate 011 a
committee away back in 1857 when we came
here together—I want him, if it be possible, to
keep up his reputation as a statesman and an
economist, not only in this House, but before
the country. If he would only keep true to
the line of economy, striking for that object no
matter where the chips might fall, he might yet
be nominated as the candidate for Vice Presi-
dent 011 the Democratic ticket. [Laughter.]
He left us to go to New Hampshire ; but even
there ho did all he could for us, for he has
reduced the Republican majority as much as
possible. Now my friend from Massachusetts
knows that I never speak ill of him ; but after
we have followed his beautiful plume here so
long, after he has led us into the thickest of
the light with that valorous chieftain his col-
league, [Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts,] [ beg
him not to desert us and go off to the distant
white hills of New Hampshire, but to stay here
and fight this battle through against bureaus,
against Departments, against the other end ot'
the Capitol, against everybody who undertakes
to oppress the people by this outrageous tax-
ation.
"Oh," says the gentleman, "these estimates
were made by bureaus." Does he not know
very well that these bureaus arc indorsed by
their chiefs? Does he not know that Mr. Bout-
well, when he sends in his estimates, submits
those estimates with his approval as being in
conformity to law ? Will the gentleman say that
the responsibility for these estimates should fall
upon the subordinates and not upon theehief?
1 ask him now to respond to this one question:
whether in his opinion that is an economical
administration which estimates inordinately
and extravagantly, even though the other side
of the House, assisted by our side, may cut
down those estimates ? I ask him to distribute
the credit for economy to both sides of the
House, and not to go to New Hampshire and
claim all the credit for himself and his own
party.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. COX. I yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts. How many minutes does the
gentleman want? [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is entitled to the
iloor, and has ten minutes of his hour remain-
ing.
Mr.^ COS. Then I must thank the gentle-
man, instead of his thanking me. 1 beg him
to accept my thanks for his courtesy.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I am sorry
that my friend from New York [Mr. Cox]
and his party have so soon got tired of follow-
ing me in the present conflict. I did hope that
they would stand by us, and that there would
be no division, 110 party lines, in any effort
looking to a reduction of public expenditures.
I was fully aware that I was hoping against
hope; and I suggested early in the debate,
"Let not him that girdeth 011 his harnessboast
himself as he that putteth it off." Iliad no
idea that my friends on the other side would
follow for any great while in the direction of
economy. I knew that they would find some
excuse for falling off, and for withholding their
assistance from any just, earnest efforts toward
economy. Anything that merely seems and
sounds like economy may very well attract
them ; but I had no expectation that my friend
from New York and his political associates
would continue to follow after it appeared that
there was any real earnestness in the effort
for economy. I knew they woul-d find s.ome
excuse for dropping off by the way.
Now, sir, I do not intend to go over again
this matter in regard to the consistency of my
speeches here and my speeches in New Hamp-
shire. I repeat, what 1 have already said sev-
eral times, that no man can find a word uttered
here that is in conflict with anything uttered
there. I propose to close this part of the o,ase
by reading what I said m my speech hereabout
the heads of Departments; and I shall then
take a final leave of this matter, though I am
sorry to take leave of my friends on the other
side of the House in this work of economy.
Mr. COX. We will stand by you.
Mr. DAWES. Before reading this extract
I will simply say that I am in earnest in this
matter; that whenever and wherever the closest
scrutiny shall disclose the possibility of cut-
ting off one dollar of expenditure I propose to
address myself to that work, whether the pro-
posed appropriation shall happen to fall within
my own district or the district of any other man.
Mr. COX. We will go with you anywhere
except to New Hampshire.
Mr. DAWES. Let me read what I said
about these heads of Departments in the vory
speech which has so disturbed the gentleman.
This is what I then said about the heads of'
Departments:
"And now, sir, after this work is done I wish to
bear testimony to the desire for oeonomy which actu-
ates each one of these Secretaries, and to their will-
ingness to cooperate in any efforts that shall result
in a reduction of the expenditure without injury to
the public service. But, sir, they are m a great meas-
ure controlled by their bureaus; there the abuses
exist. som#creatcd by law,someiuhorited fromlhcir
predecessors"—
I suppose the gentleman knows who they
are—
"and others sanctioned by usage, to be curcd by
legislation in these Halls. It is in these bureaus to
a great extent that the enormous estimates 1 have
been commenting upon had their origin."
1 ask the pardon ofthe House for consuming
so much ofthe time. I am not responsible for
it. Whatever 1 have said here, I repeat, I
care for myself not one iota on this question
of consistency; that I intend shall be dis-
posed of by others, and I will not trouble my-
self about it; but when I happen to occupy
the position I do now I desire to vindicate the
truth of what I say here against any charge
that I tell one story here and another else-
where.
_ Mr. MARSHALL. I ask the gentleman to
yield to mc for a few minutes.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly, I will yield to the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Chairman, it is very
rarely that I attemptto participate in any mere
party discussion 011 the floor of this House. I
have little taste for the office of prosecutor even
against the vilest culprit. The spirit of elim-
ination and recrimination is far from being eon
genial to my nature. And indeed it is not so
important to the people of the country to find
out who has been guilty of the great wrongs,
the profligacy, and the corruption which have
so debauched the Government and wronged tin-
people, as it is to find out the proper remedy
for a speedy return to the condition of economy
and honesty which heretofore existed in our
governmental administration. I listened with
a great deal of interest to the remarks of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
some time ago on the subject of appropriations
