2842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
I will not detain the Senate by a repetition
of what I have heretofore said on this subject.
The speeches both for and against this measure
have been repeated over aud over again. I
hope we may have a vote.
The PREsID ING OFFICER, (Mr. Stewart
in the chair.) The yeas and nays have been
ordered on the amendment of the Seuator from
Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] aud the Secretary will
call the roll.
Mr. HOWELL. I have a few words to say
on this subject before the roll is called, and
but a few words. I do not propose to be mis-
represented in regard to this matter. I do not
propose to have improper imputations cast
upon me in relation to it without repelling
them, and I do not propose to be read out of
the Republican party by any person in it on
the ground that this is a Republican measure.
These are some of the reasons why I feel called
upon to make a few further remarks on this
subject.
1 desire to say, in the first place, that the
policy which has been indicated in the opposi-
tion to those railroad grants was one which I
supported when I first came into the Senate,
without any knowledge at that time that the
chairman of the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road proposed to ask the Senate for this ad-
ditional grant. He will understand, therefore,
that I am not influenced by the Union Pacific
Railroad Company in my opposition to the
extension of the grant; that I am not influ-
enced by anything that has been inspired
through them, nor by any interest which I
have or any favor that I have ever entertained
toward the Union Pacific railroad.
One other point to which I desire to refer is
this question of speculation, and the inspira-
tion of speculators, which was brought «p here
before by the chairman of the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad. He repeats it again to-
day, that we who seek to limit the lands to
$2 50 an acre and to secure them to actual
settlers do it in the interest of land speculators.
I ask the Senator, how is it possible that land
speculators can be actual settlers, and how can
land speculators have any interest in the project
of keeping the price of the lands down to $2 50
an acre ? That is one of the arguments to which
resort is had to cast odium upon those who seek
to limit the price of these lands for the ben-
efit of the settlers and for the benefit of the
country.
As to this being a Republican measure, as to
this being a policy which the Republican party
must rally to the support of, as intimated by
the chairman of the Pacific Railroad Commit-
tee, I do not see it in that light at all. I see
no party policy involved in it. I see it in the
greatest possible injury to the Republican party
if we undertake to consider it or regard it at
all as a party measure, as a measure in which
the Republican party have any possible re-
sponsibility. I repudiate the idea. I oppose
the idea and the policy utterly. I stand by the
announcement made by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilsox,] of continual advo-
cacy and support of a measure which shall
limit the price of the lands granted in this way
to $2 50 an acre on the average, and which
shall limit and prevent the perpetuation of a
monopoly by these railroad companies in these
grants.
Jt lias been demonstrated—we have the offi-
cial testimony of the engineer of the road—that
the grant of twenty-five thousand acres of land
and upward to the mile is sufficient to build
this road. I believe that his testimony is sound,
and that the grant already made is sufficient to
build the road. I believe that the fifty million
acres of land already held by this company are
sufficient for one company. If the lands of
the United States are to be dispensed to rail-
road companies, I think fifty million acres
is a sufficient amount for any one company.
That is my judgment, in view of a fair division
among the many railroad companies who are
applying to Congress for grants of land. Let
us hold back some, even upon that principle,
for other roads, and not give them all to one.
This railroad company which comes here to
denounce me and the other advocates of a lim-
itation to $2 50 an acre and those who oppose
the extension of this enormous grant, comes
with a very bad grace before the Senate of the
United States to do this; and why? Because
having received an enormous grant of lands
six years ago, they have done nothing what-
ever to forward the enterprise for which the
lands were granted. As I understand, they
divided out their original grant into twelve
shares, and they have subdivided them into I
do not know how many since. Last winter
they went to Philadelphia and to Boston, and
they manipulated capitalists there and else-
where. They have sent their agents to Europe.
And now they come here to tne Congress of
the United States under a new inspiration and
ask the Congress of the United States to give
them an indefinite increase of land for the con-
struction of the Oregon branch and to extend
their grant ten miles on each side, so as to
render it one hundred and twenty miles wide
from Lake Superior to Puget sound aud down
to Portland.
That is the kind of proposition for opposing
which we are denounced here in every form—
denounced as acting in the interest of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, denounced as act-
ing in the interest of speculators, denounced as
not sound Republicans—not in so many words,
butthatistheimplication—which calls this one
of the enterprises of the Republican party and
seeks that the Republican party shall be rallied
to the support of this measure. I repudiate
the entire idea founded upon that presumption,
and every other idea which interferes with an
honest, fair opposition to this measure as det-
rimental to the interests of the country, as
injurious to the settlers of the western country,
as unjust to the landless people of the United
States, and as a mere bribe to a great railroad
company, the original corporators and the
original holders of the interest in which stand
back and manipulate others, and seek to have
a railroad built, while they hold the capital in
their hands, and profit without making any ex-
penditure out of their own pockets, but seek-
ing that it shall all be made by the Government
of the United States for the promotion of their
fortunes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. On this
bill I am paired off with the Senator from
Nebraska, [Mr. Tipton.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 41; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Buckingham. Casserly, Davis, Har-
ian, Howell, McCreery, Pratt, Saulsbary, Schurz,
?hurman. and Wiley—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow,Chand-
ler. Cole. Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton,
Ferry, Flanagan, Gilbert. Hamilton of Texas, Ham-
lin, Harris, Howard, Howe. Kellogg, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Norton. Nye,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Revels. Rice, Robert-
son, Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Sheraan, Spencer, Stew-
art, Sumner. Thayer, Trumbull, Williams, and Wil-
son—41.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman,
Cameron, Carpenter. Cattell, Coukling, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston, Lewis, Morton,
Osborn, Poo!, Sprague, Stockton, Tipton, Vickers,
Warner, and Yates—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order I wish to
move a few amendments. The first amend-
ment I wish to move is in line fourteen. I am
not sure that the printed resolution which I
have is a copy of the one which is used by the
Clerk. The sentence is this:
Under the provisions and with the privileges and
duties provided for in its act of incorporation.
Mr. POMEROY. That is, you want to
amend your own amendment?
Mr. HO WARD. Yes, sir; by inserting after
tl e word "privileges" the word "grants:" bo
as to remove any ambiguity that might possibly
arise.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In order to make it per-
fectly certain that the grants made in this bill
shall not include mineral lands, and to remove
the objection of my friend from Iowa, 1 nunc
to insertafter the word "branch," in the thir-
tieth line of the bill that I have, these words:
"except mineral lands as excepted in the char-
ter of said company of 1864." 1 take it that
will answer the objection of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of my honorable
friend if he will not amend the phraseology of
his amendment so as to read, "except mineral
and other excepted lnnds?"
Mr. HOWARD. That is included in the
amendment, "except mineral lands us ex-
cepted by the charter.''
Mr. HARLAN. Would not the words "as
excepted in the charter" apply merely to min-
eral lands?
Mr. HOWARD. Well, I have no objection
to saying "except mineral and other binds, us
excepted in the charter of said company of
18G4;" and I will move the amendment in that
way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read that portion of the resolution as it
will stand if amended.
The Secretary read as follows:
As will make up such deficiency on said main lino
or branch, except mineral and other I ands ns excepted
in the charter of said company of 18*34, to the amount
of the lands that have been granted, sold, reserved,
occupied by homestead settlers, preempted, &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
is intended to be iu parentheses?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Agricultural sections are
given by the original charter in lieu of mineral
sections, and I do not, therefore, understand
precisely for what purpose this exception is
made. It looks to me to be in the right direc-
tion ; but I do not know that it is entirely con-
sistent with the charter. The charter itself
excludes certain mineral sections, that is, sec-
tions having gold and silver, but it makes up
for them by giving agricultural sections. Now,
what is meant by this exception here ?
Mr. HOWARD. I will read the clause in
the charter if the honorable Senator will allow
me:
"That all mineral lands be, and the same are here-
by, excluded from the operations of this act, and in
lieu thereof a like quantity of unoccupied and un-
appropriated agricultural lands, in odd-numbered
sections, nearest to the line of said road, and within
fifty miles thereof, may be selectod as above pro-
vided: And provided further. That the word 'min-
eral'where it occurs in this act shall not be held
to include iron or coal: And provided further. That
no money shall be drawn from tho Treasury," &c.
This is reenacting the language of the charter.
Mr. THURMAN. Is it the object of the
Senator's ameudment to exclude the mineral
lands from selection within the additional ten
or twenty miles out of which deficiencies are
to be made up?
Mr. HOWARD. That is the object, and of
course that is the sole object.
Mr. THURMAN. That is a very proper
object, undoubtedly. Whether thesewords will
have that effect or not I do not know. If the
Senator has studied it of course I have no
objection to the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I think they will. I have
no doubt about that. That is the purport of
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That the lands
granted by this act, excepting onlysuch as are neces-
sary for the company to reserve for depots, stations,
side-tracks, wood-yards, standing ground, and other
needful uses in operating tho road, and timber and
mineral land, shall be sold to actual settlers only, and
in quantities not more than one hundred and sixty
acres to any one person, at such prices as will securo
to said company, its successors or assigns as afore-
said, an averagopri<jeof not more tl aa t?2 SOpcrapre
