954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
ther than this. I know that the leather man-
ufacturers want hides admitted free, and I will
say with reference to manufacturers as a class,
they generally want the raw material for their
particular product admitted free of duty. But
then other interests than those of the manufac-
turers alone are to be considered. By the
admission of the leather manufacturers before
the committee, it is the fact that while thirty-
eight per cent, of the hides used in the Uni-
ted States are imported, sixty-two per cent,
are taken from cattle raised within the limits
of this country. By my calculations fully
seventy-five per cent, of all the hides used
in the United States are raised here. While
the committee were seeking to extend pro-
tection to the manufacturing interests in our
discriminative duties, whether by increasing
them, by leaving them as they are, or by not
cutting them down below the point at which
home production could subsist and hold fair
competition with foreign producers, we have
also in some instances—and this is one of
them—looked to the interest of the great cattle-
growing and farming people of the interior of |
the country.
I was not willing that this example given j
by the gentleman should be allowed to go to
the country without correcting the impression
which his remarks might convey; but, as I
said before, I will not be drawn into a general '
debate upon anything that may not be referred
to by other gentlemen, for I think this is not a J
fitting occasion for indulging in general debate
upon this bill. My colleague on the committee,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Eel-
let,J desires a few minutes to say something
upon this subject. I yield to him, giving notice
that I shall insist upon resuming the floor the
moment I find him entering into the general
debate on this question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, is it in
order to object to this general debate going any
further? It is not fair to the other members
of this House that the Committee of Ways and
Means, upon reporting this bill to be printed
and postponed for future consideration, should
get up a debate on the general questions involved
in the measure, going into the details of the bill
to the exclusion of other members on this floor.
I should suppose they had, in the last two
months, time enough to discuss the details of
that bill in that committee-room, so asto allow
us to have the bill printed and to examine it,
without occupying the time of the House with
these discussions of its merits. If it be in
order, therefore, I shall object to any further
general debate on that measure at this time.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Ohio
has accorded me two minutes, and I desire to
say that this whole debate is quite wide apart
from the determination of the committee, which
was that the debate should go on at the time
designated by the House, after the bill should
have been printed. I wish now merely to put
upon record a dissent from the statements of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
as to the increase on the rates on iron. Pig-
iron has been reduced more than tea, coffee,
and sugar. It has been reduced from nine to
seven dollars, which, in my judgment, is an
unwise reduction. The rates on several classes
of manufactured iron have also been reduced,
and not ail increased, as the gentleman from
New York has stated it. On other classes
where there were two rates of duty for the same
thing, as pipes, tubes, and flues, a medium be-
tween the two rates has been taken; so that if
you take the same article under one name there
is an apparent increase, and if you take it under
its other name there is an apparent reduction.
So if you take the subject of iron, but few
branches have been treafed, and those with spe-
cial reference to the revenue and the good of
the consumer.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, who is also a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MARSHALL. As has been well re-
marked, Mr. Speaker, this is not a proper
occasion to enter into a discussion of the merits
of the bill presented to the House, and I should
not have sought to occupy a moment had it
not been for the inquiry of my colleague from
the Springfield district [Mr. CullomJ to the
chairman of the committee, whether this meas-
ure was presented as a unanimous report. I
think his answer does not fully explain the
position which members occupy in regard to
this bill and, generally, in regard to the ques-
tion of tariff legislation. The committee was
j ordered by the House to report; and the mi-
| nority of the committee, in obedience to that
order, cooperated with the committee and
facilitated its labors so that a report might be
submitted. But I imagine my position as a
member of that committee could not at any
time have been misunderstood as to this tariff
legislation. I am opposed in toto to the prin-
ciples on which the present tariff laws are
based, and equally opposed to the principles
upon which the bill reported to the House is
founded. I say in my place, although I do not
wish to go into the merits of the bill, that I do
not consider as reported to the House it does
meet with the hopes and expectations of the
; country, or as being in the interest of our great
industrial classes. I think this character of
legislation, for the last ten years at least, has
been dictated by the manufacturers of the
country; and while the members of the com-
mittee have endeavored to promote the wel-
fare of the country and to legislate in good
faith, still I think that the interests of the agri-
culturists, as well as the other industrial classes,
in the legislation now upon the statute book
and by the bill now before the House, have
been entirely overlooked.
And I believe, sir, that this House, in obedi-
ence to the wishes of the people, will be called
upon to present a different proposition for the
purpose of affording the relief now demanded
by the downtrodden industrial classes who
are so much oppressed by the present rate of
taxation. We see that our marine commerce
is broken down, that our ship-building interest
is broken down, and that they together with
the agriculturists of the country have been look-
ing to Congress day after day to. relieve them
from a system of legislation by which they are
now so enormously taxed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is my colleague a mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means ?
Mr. MARSHALL. Iam.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I object to gen-
eral debate by any member of that committee.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am not proposing to
enter into any general debate, ana am not dis-
cussing the merits of the bill. My colleague
[Mr. Ctjllom] asked whether this met with
the unanimous approbation of the committee,
and I have felt it to be my duty as a member
of the committee, and under the responsibili-
ties resting upon me as a member of the House,
to Btate that neither the tariff legislation upon
the statute-books nor the bill now reported
meets with my approbation. I do not think they
meet the expectations or hopes of the country,
and I do not believe they meet the necessities
of the country.
Mr. COX. I would like to know whether
this bill is not an aggravation of the present
monopolizing, fraudulent, and scoundrelly sys-
tem of tariff in this country?
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes, sir; it is.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. I now demand the pre-
vious question on the motion to commit the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, as a special order to be taken up
on Tuesday, the 15th instant, after the morning
hour, and proceeded with thereafter from day
to day until disposed of, and that the bill be
printed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
question of privilege. I desire to submit a
report from the minority of the committee.
The SPEAKER. There is no right recog-
nized on the part of a minority of a committee
to make a report. It is a question for the House
to determine whether such a report shall be
received, and objection is made.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Who obiecta ?
Mr. DICKEY. I object. 3 15 e
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Pean-
sylvania objects.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania always does.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not
blame him. I would if I were he.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution of Mr. Schenck was
agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I beg to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
That there be printed three thousand extra conia.
of the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing laws
relating to the duty on imports and for other pur-
poses, in pamphlet form, and two thousand extra
copios of the same, in ordinary bill form, including
two hundred copies for the use of the Committee of
Ways and Moans.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, under the
rule, will be referred to tho Committee on
Printing.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
point of order. I desire to offer a report on
the part of the minority of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and I submit that no single
member has a right to object. It is a question
to be determined by the majority of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that there is no such thing as the right on the
part of a minority of a committee Jo make a
report. The gentleman from New York is too
old a parliamentarian not to be aware that a
committee have no right to report exccpt as a
committee. The receiving of a minority report
is a mere matter of courtesy.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I understood
the Chair to say that it was for the majority of
the House to determine whether a minority of
a committee should be allowed to reportornot.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not state
so. It is a matter of courtesy whether a minor-
ity of a committee shall be allowed to report;
not a matter of right.
Mr. MAYNARD. I may state also that the
Committee of Ways and Means had no notice
that a minority report was intended.
The SPEAKER. That would have made
no difference. Bat the Chair would remind
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
that in this case there is less necessity than in
almost any other for the minority to claim the
power of reporting, inasmuch as when the bill
is referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, the power to-amend is
unlimited.
Mr. DAWES. I beg to remark that I never
knew an instance in which an opportunity to
submit their views to the House was denied to
the minority of a committee.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to per-
mission being given to the minority of the
Committee of Ways and Means to submit their
views in a report to the House ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I would say that no notice
was given of any intention on the part of the
minority of the committee to submit their
views to the House in the form of a report.
But I understand that what my friend on the
other side [Mr. Brooks, of New York] intends
to submit is the part of his speech which was
cut off, consisting mainly, I believe, of some
tabular statements.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not
propose to trouble the House with reading
what the gentleman refers to, bat ask leave to
have it printed.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] persist in his ob-
jection ?
Mr. DICKEY. I do.
Mr, BROOKS, of New York. Then I giy®
notice that in future I shall hold gentlemen in
this House to proceeding strictly in regular
order.
