4730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is de-
sired, the amendment will be read.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire it. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
oat the names in the first section, and in lieu
thereof to insert:
John 0. Fremont, James L. Alcorn. G. M. Dodge,
0. C. French, John I). Caldwell, J. J. Noah, A. C.
Osborne, Timothy Hurley. C. C. Pool. Sii as M. Martin,
John M. Corse, Georgo W. Wentworth, Philip II.
Morgan, J. D. Cameron. Marshal 0. Roberts, James
L. Ilodgos, John Kay, W. Vermilye, Enoch L. Pan-
cher, Charles F. Livermore. Joseph H. Oglesby,
John Whytock. Daniel Brew, 3?. S. Davis, W. Orton,
A. 0. Babcock, Thomas A. Scott, Samuel B. Hoffman,
II. Ramsdale, William H. Jackson, It. C. Parsons,
Belos W. Emmons, M. A.Southworth, JohnH. Hall,
G. 0. Kinsly, TV. P. Clark, James Dart. H. Jacobs, L.
T. Smith, W. P. Dole, C. A. Weed, A. P. R. Safford,
H. McCullough, Charles Jackson. James Hoy, M.W.
Benjamin, H. D. Cooke, Joseph XI. West, W. S. Hun-
tington, E. B. Ward. J. M. Febbetts, C. C. Leon-
(1 ridge, B. D. Porter, M. Woodhull, Hiram Price, M.
C. Hunter, AT. T. Waters, J. B. Brownlow. T. A.
Morris, Owen 'i'uller, J. M. Liddie, R. M. Bishop,
Samuel Craighead, B. N. Stanton, A. Whiting, G. L,
Johnston, J. W. Woodland, Powell Clayton, Samuel
Tate, W. Bolton, IX. Robinson, George Maney, 0. II.
Bynum, M. Burns. J. C. Goodloe, E. S. Barney,
Cyrus Busey, J. W. Forney, J. Lockwood, E. M,
Davis. N. Patton, W. Flanegan, G. O'Brien, G. P.
Buel.G. II. Gidding, J. J. SewelI.E. W. Rice, It.M.
Shoemaker, Samuel Sloan, S. W. Morton, J. B. Bow-
man, L. M. Flournoy, J. J. Ilines, G. R. Weeks, J.
T. Ludling, B. C. Gilbert, B. D. Williams, Thomas
Olcott, G. A. Fosdick, Harry Ha.ys. P. S. I'orbes,
John S. Sprague, L, It. Marsh, A. W. Beckwith, J.
C. Stanton, Cyrus H. Baldwin, A. J. Hamilton, Rush
R. Sloan, Silas C. Colgrove, Samuel D. Jones, N. H.
Decker, William N. Leet, B. F. Allen, J. B. Chanes
and John N. Goodwin.
Mr. RICE. Before any remarks are made
I wish to correct the spelling of a couple of
names.
Mr. NYE. I presume there are several mis-
takes in spelling, and those corrections can be
made afterward.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from
Nevada yield to me to move an adjournment?
Mr. NYE. In a few minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada will proceed.
Mr. NYE. I knew nothing, sir, of this bill
until it was presented to the Senate. I had no
consultation with, nor had I been consulted by
any one in .relation to it. The list of names
that I have had the honor to introduce was
handed me by the particular friends of the bill,
and for the purpose, as they informed me, of
reconciling some contending interests which
surrounded this great and important work. I
am a friend of the measure. I hope to live to
see the day when all the railroads now pro-
jected to connect the two oceans will be con-
structed.
The name that heads the list I have offered
is a name that fills a large space in the civil
history of the United States. He was one
who, at a very early day, and among the very
earliest, undertook to find a passage from the
Atlantic to the Pacific ocean, at that time an
untrodden wild plain ; and history lias not
failed to record that in that eventful march
he encountered dangers in the mountain fast-
nesses, surrounded by circumstances well cal-
culated to shock the nerves of the strongest ;
with dying men and dying animals in an un-
known mountain pass, where the cheek of the
strongest would blanch, where the nerves of
the bravest would quail. Undaunted by these
obstructions and obstacles, overcoming much
more than I hope it may be the lot ot either
of us to have to encounter, he found his way
to the Pacific ocean ; and there, in that beau-
tiful-State of California, whose treasures have
enriched not only his country, but the whole
world, he reared the stars and stripes, and took
possession of it in the name of his country.
That, sir, is history; but that is not all.
Since that time he has been quoted as author-
ity for the feasibility of the plan of connecting
the two oceans by a railroad. His father-in-
law, Colonel Benton, said more than any man
of his day, save, perhaps, Mr. Whitney, to
encourage this then reluctant country to con-
struct a railroad upon the path of the buffalo
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean ;
but it was deemed at that time chimerical and
visionary. And here I want to state a fact
which I think the records of this country will
show, that every survey made by the officers of
the Government reported it entirely imprac-
ticable to construct a road across the Sierra
Nevada mountains. With almost every pro-
ject, then, before anything was consummated,
the name of General Fr6mont was connected,
so that his name is connected-with the original
projects for the Pacific railroad, and whenever
the Pacific railroad is mentioned his name
naturally occurs as being one of the early pro-
moters of that great enterprise.
A few years ago he and those associated with
him acquired the control of a very important
branch of this great work, the Memphis and
El Paso road; and now, when this great com-
pany is made up, in the names of the corpor-
ators submitted by the committee his name is
left out. It is deemed wise and prudent by the
particular friends of this road that that name
shall be incorporated. Sir, it seems to me that
this charter would be incomplete without it;
and, with the utmost kindness, I say it would
seem to be a mark of anything but respect.
It may be claimed that he has not been suc-
cessful in some of these projects. Sir, if that
be true, he is not singular in that respect. The
originators of the greatest projects that have
ever been consummated have failed, lie may
not, in the highest senseof theterm,be aprac-
tical man ; but he is surrounded by a hundred
others, men of large fortune, men ofcommand-
ing position, men who understand the manage-
ment of these great works ; and it maybe quite
possible that when they orgauize their worldng
force and concentrate their practical force to
carry out and perfect this great object it will
not be deemed best that his name should be
prominent as one of the managers ; but I sub-
mit to the Senate of the United States, and I
would submit, were it proper for me to do so,
to a wider arena, to the people of this country,
if it would be fair or just to exclude his name
from the list of corporators in an enterprise to
which he has given the vigor of his youth and
the maturity of his riper years. I hope, Mr.
President, the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow me
a word ?
Mr. NYE. I have done.
Mr. HOWARD. I was about to ask the
honorable Senator whether General Fr6mont,
to whom he alludes, is not already the presi-
dent of the Memphis and El Paso Railroad
Company?
Mr. NYE. I do not know. I keep no
record of the presidents of railroads.
Mr. CONKL1NG. There is no blue book
on that subject.
Mr. HQ WARD. And if it be so, whether it
is notprobablethatGeneral Fremont has about
as much as he can attend to in managing the
affairs of that company?
Mr. NYE. That may be so ; but there are
several others, railroad presidents or oilicials,
named in the bill. The honorable Senator is
unfortunate in his illustration.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask whether the busi-
ness of the Memphis and El Paso Company
would not be quite as much as he would be
able to attend to?
Mr. NYE. If so, his associates will consider
that.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not suppose that at
this late hour of the evening the Senate will be
content to hear any discussion upon this amend-
ment. I think we had better adjourn. I will
simply say, before I make that motion, that the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, who had
this bill in charge, gave it their beat consider-
ation for weeks and perhaps months, both in
regard to the corporators to be inserted in the
bill and the other provisions of the bill, and
after the most mature reflection and examina-
tion they lurnished the list of corporators now
contained in the bill. I do not see any especial
reason at this time why this list of corporators
should thus be recast, and why other corpor-
ators, whose names havenot been brought before
the committee at all, should be inserted in this
manner. The number of corporators in the
bill already is, I think, seventy, while the num-
ber of names contained in the amendment of
the Senator from Nevada rises to something
more than one hundred—I think about one
hundred and twenty.
It is most important that in the selection of
corporators in a bill of this kind gentlemen
should be fixed upon who are men of ability,
of property, of character, of business habits,
gentlemen in whom not only their neighbors,
not only a small circle of friends, or even a
large circle of friends perhaps, may have confi-
dence, but in whom the whole country has
confidence, because such men, the corporators
themselves, are after all the great security
which the public have that the work will be
carried on and finished.
But I do not propose to go into the subject
this evening, and I will therefore move an
adjournment. Before doing that, however, I
beg to inquire what will be the state of this
bill to-morrow?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By the under-
standing of the Senate the tax bill was to be
taken up to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I would ask unani-
mous consent of the Senate that we proceed
with the consideration of this present bill on
Saturday at one o'clock. I suppose there will
be no objection to that.
, Mr. WILLIAMS. I observe thatthe chair-
man of the Committee on Finance is absent,
and as a representative of that committee I am
not willing to consent that the tax bill shall be
displaced by any railroad bill.
Mr. RICE, (to Mr. Williams.) You have
got your railroad bills through. Give us Sat-
urday.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, yes : this must go on
and go through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is pro-
posed that by unanimous consent this bill 
Mr. CONKL1NG. Do not let us have unan-
imous consent until we understand this. There
will be no unanimous consent embracing me by
which the naturalization bill is to be displaced
by this bill or by any other. The naturalization
bill is a special order immediately after the tax
bill shall be disposed of. I should be very
sorry to interpose any objection in conflict
with the early consideration of this bill.
Mr. KELlIOGG. This is a special order.
Mr. CONIiLING. I know that; but I am
very sure I should not be doing ray duty if I
were to consent that the naturalization bill
should be displaced by this bill or any other.
It is very late, and we want an early oppor-
tunity to consider it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
vote on this bill now without debate. Can we
not do so?
Mr. CONKLING. Why not vote now?
Mr. THAYER. Let us finish it to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly there can be no
object in debatingthese names. What matter
is it whose names are in?
Mr. HOWARD. If 1 cannot have the com-
mon consent of the Senate for the purpose of
taking up the bill hereafter I withdraw my
motion. Now, I have another word to say 
Mr. CAMERON rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Michigan yield to the Senator
from Pennsylvania?
Mr. HOWARD. Notatthis moment, unless
for something special.
Mr. CAMERON. For a motion to adjourn.
_ Mr. HOWARD. I do not yield. Mr. Pres-
ident, without saying a word to mar the beau-
tiful picture the honorable Senator from Ne-
vada has drawn of the services of General
Fremont and the incidents of his early life,
the prominence of which we are all sensible
