1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3787
day the gentleman from New York shall notify
the Chair that he desires to test the sense of
the House on bringing the debate to a close it
will be the duty of the Chair to recognize him.
Mr. WHEELER. With that understanding
I am willing that gentlemen shall proceed in
such a way as may suit themselves.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, then, recog-
nizes the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Haw-
i,uy.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. Is it the understanding
that a vote may be taken on all the amend-
ments?
Mr. WHEELER. I have no objection to a
vote on every amendment.
Mr. CESSNA. I give notice that I have
objection. If a time can be fixed for closing
this question, so that the other business of the
House may not be indefinitely delayed, I will
not object; but if an indefinite amount of time
is to be occupied by this bill I shall object to
every amendment which is not in order; and
I believe, under the rules, only two amendments
can be pending at the same time.
Mr. HAWLEY addressed the House. [Ilis
speech is in the Appendix.]
Mr. WHEELER. I wish simply to say, so
that gentlemen may regulate themselves ac-
cordingly, that at three o'clock I will demand
the previous question.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. That was not
the understanding.
Mr. WHEELER. I give notice now that
at three o'clock I will demand the previous
question
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I hope not.
Mr. SARGENT. How many minutes of the
time of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Haw-
ley] are remaining?
The SPEAKER. Nineteen minutes.
Mr. CLEVELAND, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave to print in the Globe some
remarks on the pending subject as part of the
debates of the House. [See Appendix.]
Mr. SARGENT. I think in the time allot-
ted to me 1 will have an opportunity to say all
that I desire on this bill.
Mr. HAWLEY. It is understood that the
amendment I offered the other day is now pend
ing.
The SPEAKER. It is not pending unless
now offered.
Mr. HAWLEY. I offer it again, then, as it
was referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I do not
speak on this bill merely for the purpose of
speaking on it. I am strongly convinced by
what I have seen and known of the practical
operations between actual settlers and railroad
corporations that there is a necessity that Con-
gress should intervene in order to protect the
former. I call the attention of the House speci-
fically to the statements T am going to make:
first, (hat as soon as a railroad grant is made
the corporation to which the grant is made
becomes the contestant, both in law and fact,
both under the law and by the practice of the
General Land Office, of every settler within
the limits of the exterior boundary of the grant.
It becomes their contestant before the local
land offices, and, there failing, at Washington.
These corporations send their agents to hunt
up evidence of any failure, of any technicality,
ol any missing link in the chain of possession
of the actual settler. They present that, by
counsel adroit and able, to the land offices,
with ingeniousarguments to sustain it, and after
baffling the settler, when the defect is proved,
he is deprived of his home and the improve-
ments which he has been making for years,
commenced, perhaps, long before the railroad
grant was made. He is thus thrown upon the
mercy of the railroad corporation, which may
cast him with all his family out of doors unless
he can pay exorbitant prices for his land. What
is his remedy? None your laws furnish; none
within the power of the General Land Office.
He has to go to the railroad company for per-
mission to purchase his home, where, perhaps,
his children were born, and where his hopes
have all been centered—land which he has
taken up under your beneficent preemption
laws, and expected to leave to his children. He
is obliged to go to the railroad company to buy
his land, and to pay not only its value but the
value of the improvements which he has him-
self put upon it; and if he will not or cannot
pay the price, they sell it to some one else, so
that in consequence he loses the fruit of his
toil and of the industry of years.
Mr. FITCH. Does the gentleman know any
such case as he has just described?
Mr. SARGENT. I do.
Mr. FITCH. Where?
Mr. SARGENT. In my own district. It is
the case with the Western Pacific Railroad
Company, and the gentlemau from Nevada
ought to know this as well as I do. 1 have had
appeals for my personal assistance in dozens
of such cases. If he will go to the Land Office
he will find that that railroad company and the
Cential Pacific are the contestants in every
case. I can point out to him there case after
case. I do not bring any charge against the
railroad corporations for exercising this power
which you put in their hands. What corpora-
tion or man will not get all the law allows ? If
you give them the power they may exercise it,
and the gentleman may defend its exercise.
The responsibility of present difficulties is with
us; but I think this thing has gone far enough,
and I ask the House to interpose to prevent
these consequences in the grants hereafter to
be made.
And there is something more which I wish to
say in this connection. I will tell my friend that,
whether by policy, design, oraccident, the sur-
veys are frequently not. made for years after the
grants are made to the corporations. Much
of the lands granted to the Central Pacific and
the Western Pacific railroads in 1862 in my
own district are not surveyed down to this day,
and may not be surveyed for twenty years to
come. But by the preemption laws the settler
cannot prove up his claim till after the survey
is made. Under the preemption laws, also, it
is held that there can be no valid contestant
against the railroad company unless the person
in possession, and who seeks to prove up, was
in possession before the grant. By that means
hundreds and thousands of settlers are thrown
out, and the railroad company gets their lands.
Mr. FITCH. I would ask the gentleman
whether the railroad company can get a title
for lands before the lands are surveyed?
Mr. SARGENT. Suppose, as the gentleman
queries, that the lands are not listed to the
railroad companies before they are surveyed?
That makes no difference adverse to them.
Suppose they wait until every man who had a
farm on their grant before the grant was made
is dead, or has sold to an innocent purchaser,
ignorant of the valuelessuess of his purchase,
Suppose by the delay the men who have cleared
the forests and built homes have all passed
away, and their successors have no rights your
laws respect. Then the companies can have
the lands surveyed and take them into pos-
session. Why should they desire them be-
fore that time ? It is this very process to which
I object, and which can be carried out under
this resolution as it stands.
Am I understood? Under the practice of
our Land Office, I believe sanctioned by our
laws, a settler must have been in possession
before the grant was made, and must continu-
ously have retained possession down to the
time when, the survey being made, he is called
upon to prove up his right. If he is dead, or
if he has sold to some one else, the person who
succeeds him cannot prove up for himself or
darraign back to the original possessor ; and
hence the advantage derived by the railroad
company.
Why, sir, our population is a changing One,
and especially on the frontier. Men push out
into the wilderness. They go there to make
themselves homes; but, with the restlessness
of Americans everywhere, desire to move else-
where after a time. They sell to later comers
the farms which they have made valuable.
These other settlers buy in good faith, but take
nothing by their purchase if a railroad grant
has intervened, as they subsequently find. Or
men nlay have failed in business and have been
sold out under execution ; estates are settled
up and probate sales occur, while surveys are
delayed ; every form of transfer of such prop-
erty takes place, and every such transfer,
though the farms may have been.improved to
Edens, is a trap for and fraud on the uuwary.
Those who succeed to the original possessors,
no matter by what formalities or for what con-
sideration, or in however good faith, and who
presume thatwhen the lands are surveyed they
can prove up their claims thus purchased and
get a title, find that their possession is unrec-
ognized by the law, and that their farms pass
to the railroad company.
In this very ease the original grant was made
six years ago. How many transfers of preemp-
tions have since taken place in that belt of land
two thousand miles long and one hundred and
twenty wide? When will the last of these lands
besurveyed? Not in this generation ; perhaps
not in the next. The bulk of them will not be
surveyed for twenty-five years. Yet side by
side with this bill stand your laws, which in
connection with it will forfeit every preemption
claim over all these lands. May I demand
that gentlemen shall think of these things be-
fore rejecting amendments ? I know the inter-
ests pressing for this bill, the lobby combina-
tions, the iron-sellers rival but aiding schemes,
and all. Yet wc must overrule them all and
do justice, or meet the curses of the people.
The amendment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Hawi,ey] has one defect. It does
not go far enough. Congress ought to provide,
and 1 have myself been asking the Land Com-
mittee to bring forward such a bill, that until
there is a chance to prove up, no matter at
what date the survey is made, the settler shall
be considered as in possession under the pre-
emption laws; and that the one in possession
when the survey is made shall have the right
to darraign back through his predecessors, and
to prove up as an original preemptor at the
land office.
But there is a value to the amendment which
is offered by the gentleman from Illinois. If
in consequence of what I have explained there
be flaws found in the right of the settler, when
so technically examined, or if it shall happen
that by the policy of the railroad company, or
from any other cause, surveys have not been
made for years after the original grant, andtlie
settlers cannot prove up and are ousted, and the
land goes to the railroad company, notwith-
standing the reservation in the statute that
they shall not have improved lands—I say, if
such is the result, then the settler is not com-
pelled to pay excessive prices, and can buy his
improved land at §2 50 per acre. Most set-
tlers can manage to raise that amount by mort-
gaging their farms. But without this amend-
ment you turn them over unprotected to the
railroad companies, which can charge them,
not §2 GO an acre, but fifty and one hundred
dollars au acre for the lands which they have
improved and thus made valuable. Sir, it is
not tfeese settlers out in the wilderness who
ask for railroads. They make no part of the
lobby here. It is corporations that come here
and ask you to allow them to build railroads,
on the ground that it is for the benefit of the
settler. But when the settler eomes in to
prove his rights he finds them gone, under the
distinctions and refinements allowed by the
Land Office, under laws the text of which you
allow speculators to dictate.
Now, I ask the American Congress if these
are not considerations worthy of their reflec-
tion, if they should not be refuted or influence
our action? I ask gentlemen it there are not
other interests besides that of building rail-
