1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2843
fur tbe land actually certified by the Secretary of the
Interior to said company for each completed section
ol ton miles of s:ikl railroad or branch thereof; aivt
to insure an enforcement of tliis section it shall be
the duty of the company receiving the certificates
from the Secretary of the Interior as aforesaid lor
the lands granted in aid of the construction of the
first section of ten utiles of said railroad and branch
without delay to fix a price on each one hundred
and sixty aero tract described in said certificates, in
such manner and at such rates that the averageprice
of the whole amount certified shall not exceed $2 SO
1>eracre, and report the same to the Secretary of the
Ulterior, exposing a copy of such report to the public
in the office of the secretary of such company, and in
the district land office; and any person actually set-
tliugupon said land, or any Government subdivision
t hereof not greater than a quarter section, shall have
the right to purchase, at the price so fixed, any un-
sold and unclaimed parcel of laid land upon payment
of said price to the offioer appointed to receive the
money by said company; and on payment therefor
it shall be the duty of the officer of such company to
make out triplicate certifieatesof tbe sale under the
seal of tbe company, send one to the Secretary of
tho Iuterior, and deliver one to i!u' purchaser, and
retain the other for the use of the company; and it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
issue to such purchaser a patent for the land de-
scribed in his certificate, as in cases of land sold by
the United States. And the same form of proceeding
shall be observed with respect to the lands certified
by the Secretary of the Interior on each succeeding
completed section 'of ten miles of the main line of
S.'.id railroad, and the branch thereof; Provided,
'l'bat no certificate of lands to such company on any
completed section after the first shall be made by the
Secretary of the Interior until he shall have received
a report, as aforesaid, of the price fixed on the land,
certified for the next preceding completed section of
said railroad or branch thereof; And provided further.
That if any of the lands granted as aforesaid, and
lying and being situated conterminous with any com-
pleted section of ten miles of said road or branches,
shall remain unsold and not paid for, according to
the provisions of this act, for one year after the com-
pletion of said sec ion, the certificates heretofore
issued may be returned to the Secretary of the In-
terior, whereupon patents to said lands shall be issued
to the company. And the Secretary of the Interior
shall prescribe all necessary rules and regulations to
carry into effect this act.
Mr. HARLAN. I did not understand the
reading of the last clause in the amendment.
I should like to have it reported again.
Mr. POMEROY. If the lands are not sold
within the year the certificates that have been
issued may be retorned, and patents issued
directly to the company. That is the last
clause.
Mr. HARLAN. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the last proviso of the
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I am almost sure the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will not desire that
clanse retained. I think it would be much
better to say that if not sold within one or two
years it shall afterward be subject to sale at
SI 25 an acre. It would be a very easy thing
for the company to obstruct the sales for one I
year; and if at the expiration of one year a
deed is to be given to the company for the 1
whole of the land not sold during the first
year I think the amendment will be practi-
cally worthless.
Mr.POMEROY. A settler, under the amend-
ment, has the right for a year, without getting
the consent of the company even, to have his
land at what shall be called an average price
of $2 50 an acre; but if at the end of the year
there are lands not sold, then the company
have the land; that is, the company get the
money or the land at the end of a year from
the time each section is built. That is the mean-
ing of it.
Mr. HARLAN. In order to test the sense
of the Senate I will move to strike out that
clause, if that motion be-now in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order.
The Senator from Iowa moves to amend the
amendment. The part proposed to be stricken
out will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
And provided further. That if any of the lands
granted as aforesaid, and lying and being situated
conterminous with any eompletedsection of ten miles
ot said road or branches, shall remain unsold and not
paid for according to the provisions of this act, for
one year after the completion of said section, the
certificates heretofore issued may be returned to the
secretary of the Interior, whereupon patents to said
lands shall be issued to the company. And the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall prescribe all neoegg&ry
rules ftpd regulations to wry into effect this not,
Mr. POMEROY. I will say in a single
word, although the bill of which this amend-
ment is a transcript has been considered by the
committee of the House and the Committee ou
Public Lands of the Senate and approved by
them, that while it might be applied to some
bills without injury, yet if you put it on this
bill it can only apply to lands that are fifty
miles away from the road, and $2 50 is too
much to ask for them; they are not worth the
money.
Mr. HARLAN. It will apply to the whole
of the grant on the branch road.
Mr. POMEllOY. Yes, ou the whole of the
branch road. That is true.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is to say, it will
prevent the construction of the branch.
i The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the ameudment of the Senator lrom Iowa
! to the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
I The amendment to the amendment was
rejected. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question j
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts. j
| Mr. WILSON. -Mr. President, I wish to say ,
| in the outset that I am in favor of building this
, great Northern Pacific railroad. I believe it ,
will be in the end the best of all the Pacific
railroads. There is certainly more good land
upon its line than upon the line of the Central
Pacific railroad. When the road is completed
I have no doubt the lands will be worth three
I or four times more than the lands are worth on
1 the Central Pacific road. I take it that the
lands granted on the line of that road are not j
worth to-day more than fifty cents an acre on
the average.
I do not wish to do anything to prevent the 1
building of this road. Perhaps the people in
my section of the country have a deeper inter-
est in the building of this road than in any
other railroad. But, sir, I offer this amend- ;
ment because I am in favor of the policy it
contains and in favor of inaugurating the policy
now, and adhering to it. We have made im-
mense land grants in the past. We have made
not only land grants, but we have granted the
credit of the Government to build a Pacific
railroad; and one year ago we had proposi-
tions here to pledge the faith of this Govern-
ment to redeem $250,000,000 of interest to aid
in building seven great railways. That was met.
It was opposed just as this is opposed. It was
settled by Congress and settled by the judg-
ment of the country, and that dangerous policy
of granting the credit of the Government or
guarantying interest is ended, and probably
ended forever.
Now, sir, we have a large number of appli-
cations here for land grants at this session.
I am willing to continue this policy of land
grants; but I wish to accompany it with a policy
that shall prevent railroads from holding large
masses of lands for a rise in the market. Let
these lands be granted; let them be sold; let
them be sold at reasonable rates ; and let the
money go into the treasuries of those com-
panies to aid in building the roads. In the
long run I believe it will be for the interest of
the roads to adopt this policy.
Sir, I am in favor of building a southern
railway to the Pacific, and I hope it will be
built. I would not hurry either the northern
or the southern road; I would not hurry any
of these railways beyond the demands of the
country. The tendency in this country has been
for the last eight or ten years, especially for
the last five years, to push railroads, not beyond
the wants of the country, but beyond the ability
of the ".ountry to pay for their being built; and
we have borrowed millions in Europe, and are
in the markets all the time keeping up the rates
of interest and affecting all the business of the
country by the manner in which these railroad
projects have been pushed.
Now, sir, I choose to commence right here !
ou a railroad in regard to which the people of 1
my State and my section of the country have
a deeper interest than any other, and to apply
this policy, as 1'ar as I am concerned, to this
road, and then continue it to all other roads
that are hero asking for the public lands. I
believe it to be in the interest of the country
as a whole, in the interest especially of the
toiling men of the country, of the landless men
of the country, the actual settlers on the public
lands; and it is not hostile to the real interests
of the railways themselves. But, sir, that is
the last consideration with me in regard to all
these matters. The railroads have governed
legislative bodies quite too much. I hope the
day is far distant when they will have any voicc
in the Congress of the United States to affect
our legislation or to direct the policy of this
Government. At any rate, if the attempt is
made, 1 choose for one to meet it. And if
there are agents in this Chamber now or at
any other time, or about the Chamber, or in
the galleries, or in the Capitol, or in the city,
interested in these matters, I choose for one
not to be dictated to by them, nor to have them
come here undertaking to iufluence or to direct
our action.
I choose for one in this matter to exercise
my own judgment. Ihave examined this ques--
tion. I am a member of the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad. I have Been something of
the pressure to obtain these lands, as 1 saw
last year something of the pressure to make a
combination of seven great railway schemes to
obtain a guarantee of $250,000,000 of interest
to railroads. I had something to do with defeat-
ing that project. Sir, I hope to live to see the
time when we will grant our lands to build
railways ; when we will do it with care ; when
we will so do it that railroads will not hold
great masses of the public domain and control
them, or hold them for speculative purposes
against settlers or against the interests of the
laboring men and the landless men of this coun-
try. I believe that to be sound policy, which
should be adhered to, whether railways asking
assistance here like it or not. I care a vast
deal more for the interests of the country and
the interests of the toiling men of the country
than I do for the interest or the complaints of
the men who are asking for public favors.
Mr. HOWELL. The Senator from Ver-
mont remarked in a dogmatic kindof way that
this amendment would prevent the building of
the branch railroad that runs through Wash-
ington Territory into Oregon. How will it
prevent it, I should like to know? We had
the other day a grant of alternate sections for
twenty miles ou each side for a railroad to be
built in Oregon. I presume the character of
the country over which that road runs is quite
as difficult to build a railroad upon as the
country through Washington Territory upon
which this branch road is to run.
Mr. SPENCER. Will the gentleman yield
to me to make a motion to go into executive
session ?
Mr. HOWELL. Not now. I only have a
word or two more to say. Now, what is the
amount of this grant? The amendment pro-
poses to limit the price of the land to $2 50
an acre. The grant amounts to twenty-five
thousand six hundred acres per mile. That,
at $2 50 an acre, would amount to $04,000 a
mile—$64,000 a mile for this branch as well as
for the whole railroad 1 Bat this branch is over
near the Pacific. If there is not any '' aid'' in
$64,000 a mile, pray how much does it take to
constitute "aid" in building a railroad? What
is asked for here? " Aid" to construct a rail-
road? That is not what they are seeking for.
They are seeking the means to construct a rail-
road, and give a fortune to the corporators over
and above the construction of the railroad, by
the lands granted by the United States Gov-
ernment. That is the only object of this im-
mense grant. It can have no other object.
Sixty-four thousand dollars a mile, by the lim-
itation of $2 50 an acre as the price of the
land, ig provided in this graut, and yet they
