1900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 12,
Republican party to compare records with the
Democratic party. I hold in my hand the
United States Statutes-at-Large, in which I
find an act to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing ,30th June, 1856. When was that? At
the close of the Democratic administration of
Franklin Pierce, when the people of the North
felt so indignant at the course of the Demo-
cratic party that at the coming election they
almost turned them out of office. And what
do we find here ? This is a law, and upon this
record they are obliged to stand. Comparing
the act to supply ihose deficiencies with this
bill, emanating from the Committee on Appro-
Snations, I find the record stands tlius : under a
•cmocratic Administration, before the war, in
time of peace, they appropriated $4,045,903 70,
and this bill asks for only $2,477,711 80. Put
that in your pipe and smoke it!
And right here I will show, by the assistance
of the able chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, that the appropriations for defi-
ciencies for the last four years have been as
follows :
In 1R6G  <i5,-125,615 22
In 1867  11,629,392 67
In 1863  17,002,222 85
In 1869  ffl,677,009 60
This is your Johnson Democratic record.
Now, sir, for the first year ol" General Grant's
administration the amount asked for is only
$2,477,711 80. If gentlemen upon the other
side are satisfied with their record we ought to
bo with ours.
Mx-. DAWES. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Dawes having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Scofield reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (II. R. No. 10G8) to amend
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon ; also, that the committee
had had under consideration the bill (H. 11.
No. 1346) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for tho ser-
vice of the Government for tho fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1870, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
LEAVE 01? ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Mooue, of Ohio, for one week,
to Mr. Mimes until Thursday next, to Mr.
WiToiiKU for ten days, and to Mr. Cox for ono
week.
i'iUNTIXU Off AN' AMENDMENT.
Mr. COOK. [ desire unanimous consent
to have printed an amendment which theCom-
mittce for the District of Columbia propose to
the bill in relation to the creation of corpora-
tions in tho District of Columbia by a general
law. 1 ask that it be recommitted, and ordered
to bo printed.
There was no objection, audit was so ordered.
POST ROUTE IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent^ introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1494)
to establish a post route from Augusta to Ger-
mantown, in Bracken county, Kentucky ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
And then, on motion of Mr. GARFIELD,
of Ohio (at four o'clock and thirty minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Ihe following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. BARNUM : The petition of William
West and 50 others, citizens of Belfast, Maine,
owners and masters of vessels sailing to and
from the city of Bridgeport, Connecticut, pray-
ing Congress for an appropriation to widen
and deepen the channel at Bridgeport harbor.
Also, the petition of W. P. Pearson and 20
others, citizens of Bangor, in the State of
Maine, owners and masters of vessels sailing
to and from the city of Bridgeport, Connecti-
cut, praying Congress for an appropriation for
the improvement of Bridgeport harbor.
By Mr. CHURCHILL : A memorial of the
Board of Trade of Oswego, New York, for an
appropriation for the improvement of the har-
bor of Toledo, Ohio.
Also, the petition of Mannistee Worts and
37 others, citizens of Oswego, New York,
against the continuance of the income tax.
By Mr. HALDEMAN : The memorial and
petition of Commander William Gibson, United
States Navy, praying to be restored to his place
on the active list.
By Mr. HAMILL: A petition of citizens of
Washington county, Maryland, praying for
the establishing of a post route in said county.
By Mr. HAWLE Y: The memorial of Eliz-
abeth A. Leebrick, of Quiney, Illinois, praying
Congress to reimburse her for moneys expended
and services rendered in behalf of our sick and
wounded soldiers during the late war.
Also, tho memorial of John Nowlan, praying
Congress to grant him a pension.
By Mr. HAY: A petition of citizens of the
city of Providence, Rhode Island, praying that
the duties on coal and fine wool under the pres-
ent tariff be removed, and that they be allowed
to come in free of duty.
By Mr. JENCKES: Resolutions of tho Prov-
idence Board of Trade, in favor of the construc-
tion of a harbor of refuge on Block Island.
Also, the petition of Edward Harris and 1C0
others, of Woonsocket, Rhode Island, for a
repeal of the duties on coal and fine wool.
Also, the petition of Bradbury C. Hill and
125 others, of Smithfield, Rhode Island, for the
repeal of the duties on coal and fine wool.
Also, the petition of J. B. Smith and 24
others, citizens of Gloucester, Rhode Island,
for a repeal of the duties on coal and fine
wool.
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of Dela-
haye & Purdy and about GO others, citizens of
Burlington, Iowa, praying the passage of an
act requiring all the tax on spirits distilled in
the United States to be collected at the distill-
ery or distillery warehouse.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of John
Frickerd, asking payment of damages for the
destruction of property in Florida.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 12, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. M. Stevenson, Presbyterian, of
New York city.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ORDER Ol? BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Coburn.)
By order of the House the session of to-day
will bo exclusively for debate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole upon tho President's annual
message.
IMPROVEMENT OP THE RIVERS OF NEW JERSEY.
Mr. HAIGHT. Mr. Speaker, my colleague
[Mr. Bird] has very kindly given me a portion
of his time, and I will state to him that when-
ever he desires to resume the floor, and will
intimate to mo his intention to do so, I will
cheerfully yield it back to him.
I have upon my desk a number of papers
relating to the improvement of the navigation
of the Delaware river, including the petitions
of many hundreds of the citizens of Trenton and
vicinity, which I intend to present and have
referred, under the rules, to the Committee on
Commerce; but before doing so there are one
or two matters to which I desire at this time
to call the attention of the members of the
House, and especially the attention of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, some of whom, I believe,
are now present. I am persuaded that upon
investigation they will be found of sufficient
importance to demand consideration. The
first is in regard to the obstruction of the navi-
gation of the Delaware river between the city
of Trenton and the borough of Bordentown,
and particularly to the existence of a bar below
the head of tide-water, at Trenton, which seri-
ously affects the passage of vessels, and which
has in a great measure destroyed the trade that
formerly passed over the Delaware river be-
tween the cities of Philadelphia and Trenton,
as one of the natural highways of the country.
The commerce upon the Delaware river has
always been of sufficient importance to be fos-
tered and encouraged by the Government. Its
importance of late years has increased as the
city of Trenton and the surrounding country
directly interested have grown in trade, popu-
lation, and wealth. I am aware of the fact that
in directing the attention of the members of
thellouse, and particularly the attention of the
Committee on Commerce, to whose especial
charge matters of this kind are intrusted, to a
statement of the facts upon which favorable
action is relied upon, I am not pursuing the
usual course, which has been to simply call at-
tention to the interests involved, and to refer
to the committee all the papers relating to the
subject; but my excuse for taking a different
course in this matter is based upon the import-
ance of the subject, and from a fear that in th e
multiplicity of the business before the committee
papers referred to them may be overlooked
and oral statements made before them forgotten
before final action can be taken. I know it is
so in many cases; it cannot be otherwise; my
own experience has convinced me of that; and
therefore to avoid delay, and to secure action
which has been already too long deferred, I
will very briefly state the facts in my posses-
sion in regard to the necessity of an appro-
priation to remove obstructions fromthe Del-
aware river, feeling confident that a knowledge
of the facts will cause the committee to report
to the House an appropriation for that pur-
pose in the river and harbor bill.
It probably has been forgotten that during
the last session of the Fortieth Congress I pre-
sented a memorial from the Legislature of the
State of New Jersey, calling the attention of
Congress to the importance of this subject, and
asking for an appropriation to improve the nav-
igation of the Delaware river by the removal
of the_ bar at a point known as " Perriwig,"
which is said by those who have made an invest-
igation to be the principal obstruction to the
free navigation of the river. No action was
taken upon the memorial for several reasons.
It was so near the close of the session that rio
time could be devoted to its consideration, nor
could any examination be made into the facts
by competent persons to whom matters of this
nature are invariably referred. The memorial,
in the opinion of the committee, was not suf-
ficient, as I was informed by one of the mem-
bers,to justify them in recommendingan appro-
priation ; besides the river and harbor appro-
priation bill had been reported and considered
by the House, and was at the time in the Sen-
ate awaiting their action. I desire to again
call the attention of the committee to that
memorial, which I will have referred to them
from the files of the House. It; will be readily
seen by an examination of the papers which I
propose to refer to the committee that since
that memorial was passed by the Legislature
more attention has been given to this subject,
a careful examination made of the river and
its obstructions, and facts not then in the pos-
session of the memorialists are now brought to
the attention of the committee.
On the 4th day of March last I introduced
the following resolution; which was read, and,
