2844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
scout thai as limiting the amount below the
necessities of the road. Consequently t!<«y
must hold on to the land interminably uutil
they can sell it for a much higher price than
that, and thus realize fortunes out of it. I trust
that those who have any consideration for the
interests of the people of this country, as in
opposition to railroad companies, will come
up and vote for this reasonable amendment
that is offered, and not surrender themselves,
body and soul, to be run by the railroad com-
panies of the country here. ,
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate 1
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us take the vote now.
I think we C3n vote at once.
Mr. SPENCER. If there was any prob-
ability of taking a vote without further debate,
I would withdraw the motion; but I do not,
imagine there is any probability of that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator yield until the Chair can test the question
whether the vote cati be taken ?
Mr. SPENCER. For the purpose of having ;
a vote, I will yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to taking a vote at the present time f
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to know ,
what the pending amendment is. ■
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the amend-
ment df the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson. ]
Mr. CASSERLY. I have had an amend- ;
ment lying on the table of each Senator for ;
several days, which I desire to offer in place '
of the amendment of the Senator from Massa- '
chusetts, and upon that motion, if it be in order, ;
I wish to make a few remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alabama made a motion to go into ex-
ecutive session, but said he would yield to allow ■
the vote to be taken on this amendment. The
Senator from California is recognized. If the
Senator from Alabama claims the floor he is
entitled to it. He yielded to allow the vote to
be taken, and not for any other purpose. The
Senator from California indicates his desire to
debate the amendment.
Mr. SPENCER. Then I insist on nlv mo-
tion. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. BjDMUNDS. Let us finish this bill
first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Alabama,
chat the Senate proceed to the considetatiou
of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 13, noes 28.
Mr. CASSERLY. The amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts contains in great
part the principle of the amendment which I
propose now to offer; that is to say, it provides i
that these lands shall be kept open to settle- j
ment by actual settlers, and it provides further j
that the title to these lands shall not be vested !
in the railroad company during a certain pe-
riod of time, having reference to the construc-
tion of the road; and for that purpose it pro-
vides that on the completion of eabh section
of the road a certain number of certificates,
corresponding with the number of acres accru-
ing for each section of the road, shall be issued
to the company, and the company shall dis-
pose of those certificates to persons desiring
to become actual settlers and to acquire title
as such. In that respeet the amendments are
substantially the same. The difference is one
of detail.
There is also this difference, that I think the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
is evidently a portion of a larger measure which
contains provisions that are assumed in the part
which he has offered, and which yet require
the preceding part of the original measure to
be inserted in order to make those assumptions
intelligible j that is to say, it refers to the " said
certificatesit refers to proceedings for cer-
tifying, evidently contemplating something that
has preceded it. In that point of view the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
is Evidently defective.
It is also defective in that it proceeds upon
the idea that the sections of the road are to be
of ten miles only, whereas the original charter—
the Senator from Michigan who has charge of
this resolution will correct me if I am wrong— i
provides that the sections of the road shall
be completed, in advance, of twenty-five miles
each. In that respect also the amendment
which I desire to propose complies with the
original charter of the road- I ask leave, there-
fore, to offer this amendment in lieu, or by way
of amendment, which ever may be in order, to
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu- ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order as !
a substitute. The Senator from California
moves to amend the amendment of the Sen- '
ator from Massachusetts by striking out all i
after the word "that" and inserting what will :
be read.
The Secretary read the matter proposed to '
be inserted, as follows:
The lands hereby granted to said company (fexcept
such portions thereof as shall be used by said company
for depots, ditches, water-stations, roand-hoosos,
coal, wood, lumber, and cattie-y*rd3, sites for work-
shops and other buildings or structures necessary for
said road or branch road) Shall be disposed of in tha
manner following, namely i whenever any section of
twenty-five consecutive miles of said road or branch
is completedin agood,substantial, and workman-like >
manner, as a first-class railroad, as provided in the
act creating said company, then the Secretary of the
Interior shall issue to said railroad company, its {
successors or assigns, certificates lor all the lands, in
alternate sections or parts of sections designated by
odd numbers, lituated within the limits of the lands
hereby granted and being within said completed sec-
tion of twenty-five miles, for tho benefit of the said
road. Whenever another sectionof twenty-fivetion- '
secutive miles shall have beeii completed, as afore-
said, then the Secretary of the Interior shall issue
certificates to and deliver thb game to said railroad
company, its suceoBsors or assigns, having or receiv-
ing the benefit of this grant, in like manner for a, like
number, and so on, until said road and branch aro ;
completed, and ttje ferants aud powers hereby made
to and conferred upon said company are upon con-
dition that said road and.braneh shall be completed
within the time heretofore provided by law for tllo ;
completion of siid rOad and its equipment. j
Ssc. —. And be it further ritolved, That as soon as
the president and, secretary of eaifl company, or its
successors or assigns, shall file or cause to bo filed
with the Secretary of tho Interior maps designating
the route of said road and branch thereof it shall be
thp duty of the Secretary qf the Interior to with-
draw from market and sale or entry the lauds
embraced within the provisions of this act.
Skc. —. And be it further resolved. That the lands
granted by this aot shall be sold to persons desiring
to make actual settlements thereon, and improve-
ment thereof, at such prices as will Secure to said
company, its Successors or assigns, as aforesaid, an
average price of not more than $2 50 per acre for the
land actually certified for each completed section of
said railroad or branch thereof; and to insure an
enforcement of this section it shall bo tho duty of the
company reoeiving tha certificates from the Secretary
of the Interior as aforesaid, for the lands granted in
aid of the construction of the first section of said rail-
road and branoh. and within one year thereafter, to
fix a price on eaen one hundred and sixty aero tract
described in said certificates, in such manner and at
such ratestnat the average price of the whole amount
certified shall not oxoeed $li 50 per aero, and report
the same to tha Secretary of the Interior, exposing
one copy of such report to tho public in the office of
the secretary of such company, and another in tha
land office of the district; and any person desiring to
actually settle upon and improve said land, or any
government subdivision thereof, shall have the right
to purchase at the price so fixed any unsold parcel
of said land upon pay ment of laid price; and on pay-
ment therefor it shall be the duty of the secretary of
such company to make out duplicato certificates of
the sale under the seal of the company, send one to
the Secretary of the Interior, and deliver the other
to the purchaser; and it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Interior to issue to such purchaser a
patent for the land described in his certificate, as in
cases of land sold by the United States. And the
same form of proceeding shall be observed with
respect to the lands certified by tho Secretary of the
Interior on each succeeding completed section of the
main line of said railroad and the branoh thereof:
Provided, That no certificate of lands to such com-
pany on any completed section after the first shall be
made by the Secretary of tho Interior until he shall
have received a report, as aforesaid, of the price fixed
on theland.certified for thenext preceding completed
section of said railroad or branch thereof: And pro-
vided further. That any land embraced Within the
grant made by this act, remaining unsold by the
company constructing said main line for the period
of three years after the same shall have been certi-
fied by the Secrotary of tho Interior, as aforesaid,
may besold by said company at any prico not exceed-
ing $2 50 per acre.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask leave to correct
the amendment in two particulars. I propose
to strike out in line thirteen, page 1, from the
word "lands" down to tho word "lands" in
the fifteenth line, on the second page, the objert
being to make it clear that it only applies to
such lands as are granted by this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California modifies his amendment by
striking out the portion indicated by him.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask leave also in line
thirteen, on page 3, for the purpose of giving
to the Secretary of the Interior the right to pre-
scribe the system of averaging, to insert after
the word "thereafter" in that line the words
"under instructions prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior;" so that it will read, "and
within one year thereafter, under instructions
prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior, to
fix a price on each one hundred and.sixty acre
tract described in said certificates." I suppose
there will be no objection to these corrections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to modify his own amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should have said when
I was last on my feet that there is nothing, or
very little, in this amendment of mine which
is original with me. It is based substantially
on the elaborate and thorough amendment oV
the Senator from Iowa who last spoke, [Mr.
Howell,] as prepared and presented by him
to the railroad bill known as the Dakota bill.
I think probably the alterations which I have
made will meet the judgment of that gentleman.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from California to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
The question being put, it was declared that
the "noes" appeared to have it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Nobody appears to have
voted. I think there were only three votes
cast on each side. I ask for a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
more than that voted.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, if he did me the honor to listen to
what I said, must agree that his amendment is
defective) because it refera to matter previous
which is not contained in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On this ques-
tion the Senator from California demands a
division.
Mr. WILSON. I Will simply say iu regard
to my amendment that it has been agreed to,
assented to, and approved by the Committees
on Public Lands of both Houses. I think it
only applies to the additional land granted by
this bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator will allow
me, and the Senate* before taking the Vote, I
did not suppose there could be Any contest
as to what I stated ; but I will read now por-
tions—they will be very short—of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, which
will show to everybody's satisfaction who will
attend to what I read that I was right in my
statement. In the first section of his amend-
ment, on the first, page, lines nine and ten,
you find the words:
An average ptio* of hot m#ro thsto $>3 60 per aero
for the land actually certified by .the Secretary of
the Interior to said company.
Now, there is evidently an ,i®p}ication that
there is. a prqvision providing for the certifying
of the laud by the Secretary of the Interior,,
and there is none, of course, in this,resolution.
But that is not so strong an the next clause in
the same sentence, commencing in line thir-
teen:
And to insure the enforcement of this section it
shall be the doty of the company receiving the cer-
tificates from the Seoretary of the Interior, as afore-
said, for the lands granted in aid of the construction
of tho first section of ten Miles, Ac.
Senators will perceive it requires legislation
to provide for the issuance of those certifi-
cates by the Secretary of the Interior for the
