3788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
roads? I believe in "building railroads. I ha ve
myself been willing, where the bills were pri-p-
erly guarded, to vote to give lands to railroad
companies. But I think that it is the duty of
Congress to see that the great interests of im-
migration, of preemptions and homesteads, are
protected, and that the liavdy pioneer <jf the
country shall have an opportunity to acquire
title to the home which he has built for him-
self in the wilderness.
Now, Mr. Speaker, Iproposed the other day
an amendment to this bill which, I understand,
under the ruling of the Chair, it is necessary
that I should again offer in order that it may
be in order. 1 send that amendment to the
Clerk's desk and now offer it, and ask that it
may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after tho word "points," in lino
thirty-nine, page 3, down to and including tho word
" bidders," in lino iifty-livc, page o, and insert:
Provided. That ail lands granted to said company
shall bo subject to settlement and preemption like
other lands at a. prieo ttt bo paid to said company not
exceeding $2 50 per aero; and if the mortgage hereby
authorized shall at any time bo enforced by fore-
closure or other legal proceeding, or tho mortgage
lands hereby granted, or any ol them, be sold by
tho trustees to whom such mortgago shall be exe-
cuted. either at its maturity or for any failure or
default of said company under t-Uo terms thereof,
such lands shall bo sold at public sale, at placorf
within tho States and Territories in which theyshall
bo situate, alter not less thau sixty days' previous
notice, in single sections or subdivisions thereof, to
the highest and best bidder.
Mr. SARGENT. The joint resolution as it
passed the Senate and as nowpending, pro-
vides that if after five years tho lands granted
by this bill are not sold theyshall be subject to
settlement and preemption like other lands, at
lint exceeding 50 ail acre. 1 wish to extend
that provision to all lands granted by any law
to this company ; and in order that the com-
pany shall not have a chance to defeat this
provision by a colorable sale to its directors
or others, I strike out in my amendment the
live years' clause. Further, when tho mortgage
is foreclosed there should be some provision
to secure the rights of present and future actual
settlers on these lands. To that end I offer an
additional provision to come in at the end of
the proviso just read, so that it shall form part
of my amendment, iu the words that I send to
the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
At tho end of the proviso just read, add tho fol-
lowing :
And tho purchasers at ^aid sale, except actual
settlors on not greater subdivisions than one hundred
and sixly acres, shalt acquire no higher mtorost in
said lands tlnm is by this resolution conferred on tho
said company.
Mr. CESSNA. I object to that amendment.
I object to more than two amendments being
pending at. the same time.
The SPEAKER. Onlyone amendment and
an ainendmentto the amendment can be enter-
tained at the same lime, except byunanimous
consent.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman will not
promote his cause in this way.
ilr. CESSNA. 1 have no cause.
.Mr. SARGENT. 1 have the floor. The
gentleman will not promote the cause of the
friends of this measure by attempting the game
that was_ played the other day and which this
Ilou-e discountenanced. We stand here sim-
ply asking that wo may propose and debate
proper amendments to this "joint resolution.
We vindicated that right the other day. The
coin mil tee to whom the bill was sent back,
instead of coining here having discharged their
duty, as they should have done, by consider-
ing the amendments and reporting those they
thought most important and proper, have sim-
ply brought back the original joint resolution
with a design to force it through the House and
prevent amendments being put on it. Now I
warn the gentleman, if he has forgotten the
scenes of tho other day, that wo may remind
him of them in a way that the friends of this
bill will not like.
Mr. CESSNA. I desire to state distinctly
that I have not made this objection in the in-
terest or at the request of the friends of this
measure, but, on the contrary, against the
wishes of several of its friends. If gentle-
men will permit some limit to be fixed to this
debate I will make no objection, but until
something of that kind is done I do object.
Perhaps when the proper time comes for the
gentleman to offer his amendment I shall not
object.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman very well
knows that I have no power to offer an amend-
ment after the previous question has been sus-
tained.
Mr. CESSNA. I know that.
Mr. SARGENT. That was the position we
were placed in the other day. The under-
standing then was that this joint resolution
should bo referred, with leave to the com-
mittee to report at any time, for the purpose
of giving opportunity for amendments to be
offered. And I assure thfe gentleman he will
gain nothing by his factious opposition. I ask
the gentleman who reported this joint reso-
lution [Mr. Wheeler] if itis with his concur-
rence that this objection is made ?
Mr. CESSNA, I have stated that it was not.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman him-
self if it is with his concurrence?
Mr. CESSNA. My word is sufficient.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood that all
the amendments were to be voted upon.
The SPEAKER. Leave was granted to all
members of the House who desired to offer
amendments to be printed and referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad to do so
when the joint resolution was referred. The
power given to members was exhausted at the
time those amendments were referred and
ordered to be printed. The joint resolution,
having been reported back to the House with-
out amendment, is now open to amendment,
and any amendment can be offered before the
previous question has been called and seconded.
Mr. SARGENT. Notwithstanding the objec-
tion of the gentleman?
The SPEAKER. It is within the power
of the House.
Mr. WKLKER. I ask unanimous consent
to offer an amendment.
Mr. CESSNA. In order that there may bo
no misunderstanding, I desire to repeat that I
do not make this objection at the request of the
friends of this joint resolution; but if we are
to have three or four hours of debate, and then
three or four hours more devoted to voting
upon some forty or fifty separate and distinct
amendments, I shall object to it. But if the
previous question is ordered at three o'clock
I will not object to amendments being offered
and voted upon.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment at this time.
Mr. CESSNA. I object to any amendment
being offered out of order now.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna] allow me to make
a suggestion?
Mr. CESSNA. What is it?
Mr. VAN WYCK. I would suggest that
action on this bill could be suspended at three
o'clock, and we could then proceed with the
election case he has in charge. That would
relieve his difficulty.
Mr. CESSNA. I have already stated, as
plainly as I can, that if the call for the pre-
vious question is sustained on this bill at three
o'clock, or at any other time to-day, I will not
object to amendments. But if there is to be
three or four hours of talk, and then three or
four hours more devoted to forty or fifty amend-
ments, I must object to it. 1 will not make
objection to any reasonable amendment to this
joint resolution.
Mr. WELKER. Lctmyamendmentberead.
The SPEAKER, Is not the amendment
which the gentleman has sent up the same as
that offered by the gentleman from California,
[Mi-. Saucbnt?]
Mr. WELKER. The amendment which the
gentleman from California has offered is my
amendment somewhat modified.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask that my amendment
be again read.
The amendment moved by Mr. Sargent was
again read; itw.asto strike out the first proviso
of the first section of this joint resolution and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, That all lands granted to said company
shall be subject to settlement and preemption like
other lands at a price to be paid to said company not
exceeding $2 50 per acre; and if the mortgage hereby
authorized shall at any time bo enforced by foreclos-
ure or other legal proceeding, or the mortgage lands
hereby granted, or any of them, bo sold by the trus-
tees to whom such mortgage may be executed, either
at its maturity or for any failure or default of said
company under the terms thereof, sueh lands shall
be sold at public sale, at places within the States and
Territories in which they shall be situate, after not
less than sixty days'previous notice, in single sec-
tions or subdivisions thereof, to the highest and best
bidder; and the purchasers at sueh sale, except actual
settlors on not greater subdivisions than 0110 hun-
dred and sixty acres, shall acquire no higher interest
in said lands than is.by tfcris act granted to said com-
pany.
Mr. WELKER. I ask that my amendment
be now read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add to first section as follows:
Provided further, That as to ail new grants herein
of additional lands, sueh lands shall be sold by said
company to actual settlers at a pricc not exceeding
S2 50 per acre, and in Quantities not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres to any one person.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following amendment to the first
section of this resolution :
After tho words " Secretary of the Interior," inline
ten, insert tho following:
P> ovided, That nothing in this act shall bo con-
strued as a guarantee by the TTnited States of the
bonds issued by said company or its agents, or of any
bonds authorized or permitted by this act.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I call attention
to tho fact that a large number of persons are
on the lloor who are not entitled to be here.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Door-
keeper to see that no person is admitted except
those entitled to the privilege of the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. I see nobody on the floor
who is not entitled to be here.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Kansas has any particular person in view
whom he wishes to have excluded, he will
please name him.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I suppose it to
be the duty of the officers of the House to
enforce the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Door-
keeper, not the duty of the Chair, to clear the
floor.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, proceeded to
address the House. [His remarks will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. ELA. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I will yield to
the gentleman from New Hampshire whatever
time I have left; but, before doing so, I will
offer the amendment which I submitted the
other day, and which has been printed:
Sue. —. And be it further resolved. That the lands
granted by this act and all previous acts to said com-
pany, shall inure to tho benefit ot said company, its
assigns and successors, inthemanner following, that
is to say: that all tho lands shall be immediately
open to settlement, and shall be sold to actual set-
tiers only, who snail be entitled to reccive patents
thereior in contiguous parcels not exceeding a quan-
tity equal to one quarter section to any one person,
and at the price of 50 per acre, under such rules ami
regulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary of
the Interior, in accordance with the provisions of this
apt: Provided, however. That such persons shall be
citizens of the united States, or shall have declared
^heir intention to become sueh, before they shall be
entitled to become actual settlers under the precis-
ions of this act: And provided further. That when
the company shall file with tho Secretary of tho
Interior the certificate of tho Governor of the Stato
or Territory in which said road is located, that any
twenty consecutive miles of said road have been
completed in a good, substantial, and workmanlike
manner, together with a map designating by tho
public surveys tho line of such completed portion,
and the points of beginning and ending, the Secre-
tary of the Interiorshall thereupon directtheproper
district land officers to give public notice to all actual
settlers under the provisions of this act residing on
