4732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
Was it a legal contract,, within the powex-s of
the company ? Was it free from fraud upon the
stockholders and the creditors of the company?
Was it consistent with the rights and interests
of the State of Texas? Or was it in the interest
of a few persons, who were willing, if they could
put money in their purse, to fleece alike the
stockholders, the French purchasers of the
bonds, and the people of Texas? Was it an
honest and honorable contract, or was it a mere
instrument of raising the wind and defrauding
the uninitiated and the ignorant? The only
explanation of this large contract given by Gen-
eral Fremont is found in his letter of March 25,
1870, in which he says:
"In 1807 the company commissioned as their agent
a gentleman residing in Paxis, who had been an
agent of the French Government in supplying tlie
troops engaged m the Mexican occupation. This
gentleman was charged by the company with the
negotiation in Europe of their land-grant bonds.
rlhe price in gold for which these bonds shonld bo
sold was fixed 'then by contract, and at the
time authority given fertile purchase in Franco
of a, large amount of material for the building of the
road."
And he adds that—
"During the period covering the interval from
this lime io the sprint; of 1869. when tile bond* were
sold and were admitted to quotation by the French
Government, every information within the knowl-
edge of the company was given to the parties inter-
ested."
This agent was Henry Probst. This gentle-
man, the agent of the company to sell their
bonds in France, who had been the "agent of
the French Governmental supplying the troops
engaged in the Mexican occupation," takes
it upon himself to instruct the French minis-
ter of State in the matter of American "law
touching railroad mortgages and other mort-
gages, and he discourses learnedly thus to the
minister, according to General Fr6inont!s trans-
lation of' his letter :
"The America.n law gives to the creditor secured
by a mortgage the property mortgaged to Mm as
his only security. The other property of the debtor
can never be seized if any deficiency should happen
in the security accepted by the creditor."
He is endeavoring to show that in case the
construction bonds of the company, resting
for their security and payment upon the road
and rolling stock, should fail of paving their
holders, the deficit could not be made up out
of the land grants, and that the mortgage upon
these land grants would be the more valuable
because the debt secured by the construction
bonds could never in any degree affect these
lands. And he declares, with the same pre-
sumptuous ignorance or knavery, that "such
conditions are perfectly expressed in the law
incorporating the company whereas there is
not an intimation to that effect from the be-
ginning to the end of the incorporating acts.
On the contrary, the laws of Texas expressly
declare that—
"The road-bed, track, franchise, and chartered
rights a,nd privileges of any railroad company in this
State shall be subject, to the payment of the debts
and legal liabilities of such company, and may bo
sold in satisfaction of the same."—Paschal's Lawn of
Texan, page 820.
A debt contracted for borrowed money is
surely as much a debt of tho company as it
for any other purpose. ^ And yet the agent of
the Memphis and El Paso Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, who had lately furnished supplies to the
French army in Mexico, declares definitively
that the "land bonds have the lands for their
exclusive security, and have no right whatever
on the railroad and that " the incorporating
law stipulates expressly this condition, which
results forcibly from the American laws above
mentioned!" And General Fr6mont, in citing
this absurd letter, indorses it most cordially,
and says it "sets out with perfect distinctness
the character of the securities for which admis-
sion was asked!" Which was perfectly con-
sistent, for in his " expose" of September
1809, lie had adopted Probst's false law, and
declared that—
"The construction bonds are based upon a first
mortgage Upon the road and its material; but they
grant no right in tho lands given as a subsidy by the
States or tho resources mentioned below. By Amer-
ican laws every lender upon mortgagohas for the
security of his credit only the mortgage accepted by
bim, and lias no recourse to the rest of the debtor's
property/'
Is it not amazing that General Fremont
should have asserted so false a principle and
called it American law 1 And this was more
than two months after he reached Paris, and
more than four months after these land bonds
had been admitted to quotation on the Paris
Bourse.
And the agent told the minister that though
the mortgage was good for the amount due
upon its face, and would hold the property
mortgaged to that amount only, yet that any-
surplus remaining would bo liable for the gen-
eral debts of the company. If he had told him
this he would have told him the truth. But
this simple, common-sense statement would
not have been a sufficient puff of these El Paso
land-bonds, and so he undertook to puff the
"American law."
This clumsy artifice, practiced in April, 1809,
and indorsed by General Fremont in Septem-
ber, and again iu March, 1870, will prepare us
for still more amusing antics. Strange and
incredible representations were made in France
respecting this road, and respecting the bonds
thus alleged to have been sold to M. Paradis.
We are left in the dark as to the date of this
pretended sale, and its terms and conditions;
but it must have been made, if made at all, in
the fall of X8G8, for Probst, who went to Paris
as agent in 18G7, had been absent, so long that,
as Mr. Gilbert, the attorney of the company in
New York, tells us, "it was in a measure for-
gotten that he was abroad or that we had any
agent abroad."
Now, in October, 18G8, while General Fre-
mont was at home in New York, there appeared
in the New York Tribune, a vehement advocate
of the Memphis-El Paso, an advertisement,
signed bj' two broker firms on Broad street,
ottering these bonds for sale at one hundred and
five per cent., thus holding out to the New
York public the false idea that they were at a
premium of five percent. The advertisement
is worth preservation. It is as follows :
Memphis, iil Paso, and I'aeiflcILait road Company's
six per cent, first mortgage land bowk, Pnncipat
and interest payable in gold. Eor sale at 105 and
accrucd in tore-;, iu currency, by
UODGliKO, 11AUJDALL & IIOBSON,
No. X^Jlroad street.
CORN & AUFERMAN,.
j \o. 30 Broad street.
This was an audacious imposition practiced
by somebody. Whether theadvertisement was
inserted in the Tribune at the request of those
firms, or by some other agency, 1 have not been
able to learn ; but the trick, whoever performed
if, cannot with any show of probability be im-
puted to the French brokers in Paris, to whom
General Fremont ascribes all the false repre-
sentations made there to promote the sale of
these bonds. This was but, the usual device
of roguery. There was nothing in it new. It
was but ordinary charlatanry, and was, plainly
enough, intended to raise the price of the bond's
in France. If it had that effect, then it is not
unfair to affirm that the company received a
benefit from the fraud. At any rate, it would
seem to be improbable that such an advertise-
ment could have escaped the notice of General
Fremont and other leading ofiicers and agents
of the company. And yet we are told by Mr.
Gilbert, their attorney in New York, who car-
ried on all their foreign correspondence, that
although "attempts were made to make a
market for the bonds in New York and Bos-
ton," yet he does not know that they had any
market value and does not think they had;
that he never heard of their having any market
value in the market, or any assignable market
value, such as we speak of in reference to bonds
that are regularly bought and sold on the ex-
change. (Ileport of sub-committee, page 55.)
Such was the actual status of these land bonds
in the American market in the fall of 1808
when they were advertised in the New York
Tribune for sale at five per cent, premium,
eight months before General Frfemont went to
France to aid in getting them on the Paris
Exchange! During that time what had hap-
pened in anyplace or m any manner to enhance
their value? Nothing, absolutely nothing. On
the 29th of Janunry, 1869, Mr. "Harlan intro-
duced a bill, which he did not advocate, grant-
ing the company the right of way thiough the
Territories of New Mexico and Arizona, but
no sectionsof public land, and authorizing them
to issue their own bonds as the road should be
completed, at the rate of $30,000 per mile, the
payment of which, principal and interest, to
be guarantied by the United States. This bill
was referred to the Pacific Railroad Committee
of the Senate, who. on the 19th of February,
reported the same back to the Senate without
recommendation, and asked to be discharged
from its further consideration. This was done,
anil the bill was never called up or acted upon by
the Senate. The House of Representatives
passed two bills in the spring of 1869, granting
the company the mere right of way through those
Territories, without subsidies of bonds or lands
and without any guarantee whatever in favor of
the company; but neither of these was passed
by the Senate ; so that Congress has not only
omitted to extend any favor whatever to them,
but (as both these bills were before the Senate
and their friends present and urging favorabe
action,) had practically refused to do so.
This was well known to General Fremont,
who was at Washington during the whole of
the session. He, at least, had the fullest no-
tice of this; and if he did his duty to Probst
and Paradis, in Paris, he informed them that
Congress had failed to grant any favor to the
company. Congress adjourned the 10th of
April; and yet we find Genera! Fremont, in
his letter ot March 25, 1870, affecting ignor-
ance of the false representations afloat in
France, down to July, 1809. He says:
"My inquiries, made after I readied Paris, in the
month ot July, (18(59,) satisfied me that these (ialsej
representations made by the purchasers from the
company and their brokeis grew out of a misappre-
hension of the Language and legislative forms of the
country."
The sale of ^8,^(10,000 of these bonds had
been, as is said, previously, and probably in the
tail of 1808. made to the house of Paradis, who,
as General Fr(>mont says, was at the head of the
stock exchange and at the head of the finan-
cial press of France. "The bonds," he fur-
ther says, "were put upon tho market by this
house, upon their own account and for their
own profit," The general further states that
"copies of these bills"—that is, bills simply
granting the right of way to the company—
"were in the bands of these gentlemen in
Paris." The last was passed by the House
March 22, simply and solely granting the right
of way through the Territories, but no lands,
no bonds, no guarantees, and making no meii-
lion of this road cast of the western boundary
of Texas. "How," it may be asked, "could
M. Paradis, the 'head of the Paris Bourse and
the head of the financial press of France,' a
gentleman doubtless ol high intelligence and
high character, so ' misapprehend' this bill
as to represent it as containing a 'subsidy'
either in lauds, or bonds, or guarantees by the
United States
And yet General Fr6mont would have us
believe that he, Paradis, the head of the Paris
house, the head of the financial press of France,
had suddenly sunk down so far from his high
position as to resort to false and swindling
representations in order to sell these El Paso
boi)ds. Ihis is not credible: nor is it credi-
ble that he would have permitted the ogents
or brokers of his house to circulate such false-
hoods. I he artifice was far more likely to
emanate from such a source as that of the five
per cent, premium advertisement in the New
xork inbune.
But another fact of importance had occurred
about eleven months before General Fr6mont
went to 1<ranco lo negotiate these bonds. Iu
August, 1808, the Texas constitutional convert-
