1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1901
without objection, referred to the Committee
on Commerce:
"Resolved, That the Committee cm Commerce be
instructed to inquire, and ifnecessary. cause an exam-
ination to be made, into the necessity of removing
the obstructions from the Delaware river between
Bordentown and Trenton, below the head of tide-
water, in the State of New Jersey, to facilitate the
passage of vessels andto promotecommercebetween
the cities of Philadelphia and Trenton; also, to in-
quire if the object aforesaid will be promoted by the
removal of the bar lately formed at the point known
as 4 Perriwig,' and the amount necessary to be ex-
pended, and whether an appropriation should be
made by Congress for that purpose, and report by
bill or otherwise."
My object in introducing that resolution is
evident to every one. It was my purpose to
direct the attention of the committee to the
subject therein referred to, and to cause an
examination to be made by a proper officer
of the Government in regard to the alleged
obstructions, and in case the interest involved
appeared, upon a careful and thorough investi-
gation, of sufficient importance, of which from
my knowledge of the facts I entertain no doubt,
to invoke the aid of the General Government
by an appropriation to remove the obstructions
to the free navigation of the Delaware river
between Trenton and Philadelphia, and thereby
give to that section the benefit of the natural
and proper outlet for its commerce, and, as a
consequence, an impetus to therapidly-increas-
ing, important, and varied interests of that por-
tion of the country.
For many years considerable attention has
been given to the subject of improving the
water routes of the country for the transport-
ation of raw material of large bulk, (while the
smaller and more valuable goods are sent by
railway,) and in my judgment very properly
so ; for what kmd of legislation is there that
can more properly interest the Representative
of the people who desires to advance the agri-
cultural, mechanical, and manufacturing inter-
ests of the country ? Congress has made and
will continue to make large appropriations for
deepening the channels of rivers, improving
harbors, and putting in operation better motive
power to promote the interest of commerce,
because many believe that there is nothing that
so contributes to the national revenue or so
greatly tends to the development of the mate-
rial interests of the country.
For years the commerce that passes over
the Delaware river has been gradually disap-
pearing, owing to the fact that obstructions
exist in the river which prevent free and
uninterrupted navigation, so that at the pres-
ent time there is only one steamboat plying
between Philadelphia and Trenton, which is
' compelled to run to suit the tides, and the effect
has been to render the communication so irreg-
ular and uncertain as to be of little advan-
tage ; while formerly several vessels between
the two cities were necessary to convey the
commerce, and that, too, at a period when not
a tenth part of the business was done as at the
present time. The city of Trenton has a popu-
lation of nearly thirty thousand, and is located
in the center of a large and rich agricultural
section of country. All of its commerce and
a portion of the trade of Pennsylvania lying
adjacent are largely interested in this proposed
improvement.
But it is not only the city of Trenton and
the surrounding country, both in New Jersey
and Pennsylvania, with their large agricultural
and manufacturing interests, but the whole
section of country in Pennsylvania and New
Jersey lying contiguous to the Delaware,
between the cities of Trenton and Philadel-
phia, are more or less interested, and demand
an appropriation from Congress for the im-
provement of the river. There are located at
Trenton and its vicinity many manufactories.
I regret that I have not the number and differ-
ent kinds now in operation at command, in
order that I might convey to the committee
something like a correct idea of this important
interest; but by mere accidentl havenow upon
my desk a statement submitted to me by James
P. Stevens, esq., corresponding secretary of the
Potters' Association of the city of Trenton,
which was sent to me for another purpose, and
to which, if an opportunity occurs, I intend
upon a different subject to refer more at length.
By the statement of Mr. Stevens, and I know-
it is accurate, it appears that the potteries
established for the manufacture of white and
yellow ware in Trenton and vicinity, including
Morrisville, Pennsylvania, are some fifty-seven,
representing in real estate, stock, &c., a capi-
tal of about fifteen hundred thousand dollars,
consuming yearly many thousand tons of coal
and prepared clay, besides other materials
which enter largely into the manufacture of
this earthernware, much of which is brought
from other States. These establishments when
worked to their capacity employ from twelve
to fifteen hundred hands. I simply refer to
the potteries because I happen to have some
facts in regard to them before me. The iron
interest is much greater, and there are other
manufacturing enterprises of probably equal
importance. The increase of population, and
the rapid development of such interests as I
have incidentally referred to, have rendered it
necessary for some decided action to bo taken
by those immediately interested for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the river by the
removal of obstructions. Of course this can'
only be done through the aid and assistance
of Congress by an appropriation.
The Board of Trade of the city of Trenton,
composed of men of character and business
qualifications, aware of the importance and
necessity of the improvement of the Delaware
river, have given considerable attention to the
subject. At one of these meetings some time
ago they appointed a committee to make an
examination of the river and its obstructions,
and to report the result of their investigations
to the board, and I desire in this connection
to call attention to the following communica-
tion addressed to me by that committee :
Trenton, New Jersey, February 23,1869.
Dear Sir: The Board of Trade of this city have
had the subject of the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Delaware river under consideration for
some time past. A committee was appointed to ex-
amine into the subject, and the difficulties to be
removed in order to secure an unobstructed naviga-
tion to the head of tide-water. The committee re-
ported that but one or two obstructions existed, and
those at places where the proper remedy could be
easily applied. The principal obstruction exists but
a few miles below our city, atwhat is known as Per-
riwig. The committee were of opinion that if this
obstruction were removed an uninterrupted naviga-
tion could be secured the whole length of the river,
up to the head of tide-water, at Trenton. Of the
advantages to our city, State, and the country at
large, it is needless to speak to one so well informed
as yourself; suffice it to say that were it secured it
is no idle dream to predict that in five years the taxes
to the Government, resulting from tho increase of
wealth and business consequent on such increased
facilities, would go far to repay any appropriation
made to ettect such navigation.
As the result of the committee's report, the Board
of Trade adopted a resolution asking Congress to
grant an appropriation of 3100,000 for the purpose of
removing theobstructions in the river, and appointed
Charles Hewitt, James Buchanan,WilliamM. Lenox,
Alfred Livingston, and John Taylor, esqs., a com-
mittee to urge upon Congress the granting of such
an appropriation.
This last committee now earnestly request you to
use your exertions in behalf of this movement, and
to use all honorable means to secure the appropria-
tion asked for.
Petitions have been circulated and largely signed
by our most prominent business men. These peti-
tions will be iorwaided as rapidly as possible.
Earnestly hoping that your endeavors to secure
tho success of a project so feasible, and fraught with
such great consequences to our State and the coun-
try at large, may be sucessfal, we beg to remain yours,
truly,
JAMES BUCHANAN,
CHAKLES HEWITT,
WILLIAM M. LENOX,
JOHN TAYLOR,
A. S. LIVINGSTON.
Hon. Charles Haight, Washington, D. O.
After the committee appointed by the Board
of Trade had made an examination of the river
and reported to the board in substance what is
contained in the letter just read, the most prom-
inent citizens and active business men com-
menced to move at once in the matter, and have
forwarded to me numerous petitions, signed,
as I have already said, by many hundreds. The
memorialists refer to this improvement in the
following manner, and state better than I can
the importance of this project and the interests
to be advanced by the appropriation asked for.
I desire to call particular attention to their
petition:
To the honorable the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States :
Your memorialists, citizens of the States of New
Jersey and Pennsylvania, would respectfully repre-
sent to your honorable bodies that the interests of
commerce would be promoted by an appropriation
of money by the General Government sufficient to
secure the unobstructed navigation of the Delaware
river to the head of tide-water. At that point are
situated, on one side of the river the borough of
Morrisville, in the State of Pennsylvania, and on
the other the city of Trenton, which is not only of
importance as the capital of the State of New Jer-
sey, but as the center of a rich agricultural district
and the seat of extensive manufacturing enterprises,
and especiallyof iron and pottery. Trenton has now
thirty thousand inhabitants and is growing rapidly
in trade, population, and wealth. Her growth would
be more rapid still if provided with such means of
transit as the proposed improvement of the Dela-
ware river would secure. Tho principal obstruction
lies a few miles below.the head of tide-water, at a
place known as Perriwig,_ The existence of a bar at
that point compels the single steamboat that now
plies Detween the cities of Philadelphia and Tren-
ton to make her trip at variable hours, according to
the time of high water, The trade that formerly
existed over this highway has now almost entirely
disappeared. This trade could not only berestored,
but would be largely increased by the removal of the
bar.
Your memorialists, therefore, in view of the im-
portant interests involved, and the fact that the two
States immediately interested are among the largest
contributors to the national revenue, confidently ask
your honorable bodies to appropriate the sum of
$100,000, to be used, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for removing the bar at Perriwig in the
river Delaware, and otherwise improving the navi-
gability of the said river at and below the head of
tide-water.
And, as in duty bound, your petitioners will ever
pray.
Mr. Speaker, if the Committee on Com-
merce report in favor of this appropriation,
as I trust they will, and their action is ap-
proved of by the members of the House_, I
believe, as has been said by a writer referring
to this subject, that at—
"Some day before long the city of Trenton may
enjoy a direct share of trade with many parts of tho
world.
"We may not expect to see large European steam-
ers or Bast India vessels at our wharves, but there
is no earthly reason why we should not import ail the
tropical American productions direct from the places
of their growth."
I will refer the petitions and papers m my
possession relating to this Subject to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, under the rules.
But Mr. Speaker, I intend on Monday, or
as soon as I can obtain the floor, to introduce
a resolution for an examination of the Raritan
river, the Passaic river, the Shrewsbury river,
and Tom's river, with the view of obtainingaid
from Congress for the improvement of these
rivers. The commerce which is transported
over them is of great importance to the people
of those sections and the country. I believe
if the navigation of these rivers is improved
in less than five years the taxes to the Govern-
ment resulting from the increase of wealth and
business consequent on such increased facili-
ties will more than repay any reasonable
appropriations that may be made.
I intend also to offer a resolution calling on
the Secretary of the Treasury for a statement
of the amount appropriated since 1810 for the
improvement of western lakes, rivers, and har-
bors. I believe the information will show that
hundreds of millions of dollars have been appro-
priated by Congress for their improvement.
Every little stream putting into Lakes Ontario,
Erie, Huron, and Michigan has had a harbor
built at its mouth by Congress, and flourish-
ing towns have grown up where before were
only fishermen's hamlets. Milwaukee, San-
dusky, Erie, Dunkirk, Cleveland, Huron, ana
' Buffalo owe their present magnitude to con-
