1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
957
the character which have been so freely in-
dulged in by gentlemen on the other side. I
shall also avoid, so far as I can, any comments
or remarks upon what has occurred in this
debate of a partisan character. Indeed I had
supposed, till the gentlemen who has just con-
cluded addressed the House, that the debate
of last week between the two distinguished
gentlemen from Massachusetts £ Messrs. Dawes
and Butler] had almost been forgotten ; that
in the hurry of business in this House, in the
rapidity with which we pass upon propositions
and dispose of the business of the session, that
that debate had been forgotten by the members
of this House, and that it would probably not be
referred to again. Therefore, sir, I did not
intend to make any particular reference to it
myself during the time allowed me in this
discussion. But I will say that, although for-
gotten by this House, that discussion and the
great principles involved in it have not been
forgotten by the country. I think, sir, that
the mind of the people is to-day as active in
the private and personal discussion of the ques-
tions then raised as it was at the time of its
occurrence. The chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations during that debate said
that the Republican party had nearly fulfilled
its mission.
We are bound to assume that he referred
especially to the completion of the reconstruc-
tion measures of CoDgress and to the negro
suffrage question, which I believe to be the
only two questions which that party has pre-
sented to the people. Now, sir, assuming
that he is right, and that the Republican party
has fulfilled its mission in the consummation
of those two great measures, what is the next
question to occupy the attention of that party
and of the country? Sir, it is our public
finances; it is the liquidation of our public
uebt; it is the reduction of this enormous bur-
den of taxation resting upon the people; and,
as a necessary consequence, it is a reduction
of the appropriations made by Congress and of
the expenditures of the Government. These
are the questions now occupying the public
mind of this country. The American people
feel deeply the gravity of these questions, and
think that Congress cannot be better employed
than in going into a practical inquiry of the
manner of effecting a reduction of expenditure.
Sir, the speeches of the two gentlemen from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes and Mr. Butleb]
were interesting ; they were suggestive; they
were practical. The Committee on Appro-
priations, through its chairman, in the line of
its duty, presented to the House certain preg-
nant facts and information in its possession.
The chairman opened the debate by stating that
the Administration asked for $49,000,000 more
than had been appropriated for the fiscal year
ending June 80, 1870, and in proof of that
statement he produced here data furnished by
the Secretary of the Treasury himself. He
also in addition made special reference to the
reports of several heads of Departments, in
which he showed that they were guilty either
of great ignorance of their duty or of willful
misstatements as to the necessary expenditures
of their bureaus. Sir, thatgentleman made, in
my judgment, no comment, no remark not
pertinent to the subject then under discussion.
He did not in any degree transcend the legiti-
mate functions of his office; nor, in my opin-
ion, has either of the other gentlemen from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar and Mr. Butleb,]
who have attempted to answer him, in the
slightest degree affected the truth of his state-
ments, however they may have impaired his
position in his party.
After the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations had made this statement to the
House, the other gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] had one week in which to
prepare his reply. During that week he vis-
ited every Department, he was closeted with
every Secretary, he had the confidential ear
of the President, and at the expiration of that
term he came into the House as the attorney
of the Administration, furnished, doubtless,
with a brief and with such facts and arguments
as the Administration were sble to furnish, and
he presented them in a speech of nearly two
hours' duration. What were they ? What was
the purport of the defense? His answer com-
prised three points. He admitted that, accord-
ing to the budget presented to the House,
apparently there was an excess of $49,000,000
required by this Administration over and above
what had been required by the last Adminis-
tration for the same period; but he stated that
that apparent excess was the result of blun-
ders, of errors of addition or of figures—clerical
errors as well as errors arising from the mode
and manner of making up the estimates them-
selves. That was one ground of his defense
of the Administration. Another ground was
this: that while it was apparently true that this
Administration required more money than the
last, yet that the last Administration had a
large unexpended balance to its credit, which
it had used for the disbursements of the
Government, while this Administration had
little or no unexpended balance to its credit.
That was the second ground of his defense.
The third was, that in consequence of the legis-
lation of Congress large additional expenses
had been made necessary, and that that legisla-
tion had created a necessity for the expenditure
of large sums that the last Administration was
not required to disburse.
Those are the three points that the Adminis-
tration presents to the country in defending
itself against the indictment preferred by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations.
Now,'sir, I propose to examine thesegrounds
of defense. But let me say, before proceeding
to discharge that duty, that instead of the mem-
bers from Massachusetts lecturing their col-
league for what he uttered upon the floor of
this House, I think he is rather to be censured
by this side of the House; because, while he
was telling the truth, he did not tell the whole
truth ; because he fell far short of a full and
complete statement of the case as it is pre-
sented by the published documents themselves;
because, while all he said is true and has not
been controverted, he left unsaid many things
whichrhowever unpleasant it may have been to
him personally to have developed and divulged
them, it would have been entirely consistent
with his position as chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations to have unfolded and made
known to the House and the country.
On the 6th day of December last the Secre-
tary of the Treasury presented to this House
two documents which I now hold in my hand.
| They both bear the same date, December 6,
| 1869 ; they are both signed by the same officer,
" George S. Boutwell, Secretary of the Treas-
! ury." They were both transmitted directly
from the Treasury Department, as the result
of the discharge of the duties of the Secretary
of the Treasury and the various bureaus under
him.
First in order, although not before the other
in date or in time of presentation, I take the
document entitled "report of the Secretary
of the Treasury on the state of the finances
for the year 1869." On page 22 of that report
is a statement that the total estimated expend-
itures for the fiscal year ending June 30,1871,
are $291,000,000. The items composing that
sum are stated as follows: civil service and
miscellaneous, $60,000,000; pensions and
Indians, $36,000,000; War Department,
$50,000,000; Navy Department, $18,000,000;
and interest on the public debt, $127,000,000;
making an aggregate of $291,000,000. That
is all the money the Secretary of the Treasury,
in his annual report, tells us will be required
to be appropriated by Congress in order to
carry on the affairs of the Government, under
existing laws, to the end of the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1871.
The other document which the Secretary
of the Treasury transmitted to us at the same
time is commonly called the book of esti-
mates, and is Executive Document No. 5, of
the House of Representatives, second session
of the Forty-First Congress. An attempt has
been made by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] to avoid the respons-
ibility of this book of estimates by saying that
it was no proper data upon which his col-
league [Mr. Dawes] could proceed because
it contained the estimates of the bureaus and
not those of the Secretary. In this way an
attempt is made to avoid the responsibility of
the estimates sent in here by the Secretary of
the Treasury by throwing it upon the heads of
the bureaus under him ; but it will not suc-
ceed. Both the report and the estimates are
alike the official act of the Secretary. I refer
gentlemen to the very first page of this book
of estimates, on which will be found the
following :
Tkeasury Department,
December 6, 1869.
Sir: In conformity to the requirements of joint
resolution of January 7,1816, (9 Statutes, 10S,) I have
the honor to transmit for the information of Congre; ;
the following estimates ot' appropriations require*!
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the curreut fiscal year ending June 30,
1870, amounting to $3,3-4-5,408 71, and estimates of tho
amount-which will be required for the service of tho
fiscal year ending June 30,1871, amounting in tho
aggregate to §331,097,825 62, including estimates for
the postal service, payable out of its revenues, anil
the amount estimated as needed under the various
standing appropriations made by Congress at foria<T
sessions. The recapitulation of these estimates will
be found on page 239 et seq.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Now, it is very remarkable that two such
documents, estimating the amount of funds
required at very different amounts for precisely
the same period, should have been transmitted
to the House by the same officer on the same
day. I can account for it only upon on e hypoth-
esis. The smaller document, or the "report
of the Secretary of the Treasury on the state
of the finances for the year 1869," goes to the
country. It is a small document, one looked
for with great interest, and every newspaper
throughouttheland publishes it entire because
of its great interest. The Secretary of the
Treasury knew that this report would be read
everywhere, that it would be seen by every-
body, and in my judgment, and I hope I am
not uncharitable in that supposition, that is
the reason he fixes the estimated expenditures
of the Government in it at only $291,000,000 ;
about forty million dollars less than he calls for
in the book of estimates.
This report is but twenty-two pages, and is
short enough to be printed in every newspaper
of any size. But the book of estimates is a
book of nearly three hundred pages ; a docu-
ment which no newspaper could publish, one
which I venture to say not twenty men in this
House have read; a document which is vol-
uminous, intricate,anddifficult to comprehend;
like the rules of this House, the more you read
it the more confused you become. This book
of estimates is really printed more for the use
of the Committee on Appropriations, in order
to enable them to prepare the necessary bills
of appropriation than for any general reading
or for public circulation. Hence in this he
tells the truth. He can conceal nothing. He
must furnish the detail and explain how much
money he wants and what he wants it for. He
never supposed for one instant that that fact
would reach the public eye; and_probably it
never would have reached the public eye but for
the boldness and honesty of the able chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations.
Now, sir, I proceed to review very briefly
the defense in this case. First, as to that which
seeks to excuse the Government on the ground
of errors. Sir, I concede that there are errors.
I concede that- an error of $7,000,000 was
made in the estimate of the Post Office De-
partment. That error was speedily corrected
