1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2845
lands called for by the preceding section, and
there is nothing in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to supply that legis-
lation. I have no doubt that the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts was based
in the main in the House of Representatives,
where it seems to hare been agreed upon, on
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to
the Dakota bill; but the person who copied
out this amendment as presented by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts—originally it was an
amendment offered by the Senator from Kan-
sas, the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands—omitted the preceding part of the
Dakota amendment; and hence it seems to
ine undoubtedly clear and certain that the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts woald be inoperative if it should be
adopted, for wart of the preceding provisions,
which do enact the system of certificates and
the issuance thereof by the Secretary to these
companies in lieu of patents.
Mr. POMEROY. The principal difficulty
with the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia is that it requires the lands to be with-
drawn from market before they are surveyed,
which is an impossibility. As soon as the line
of the road is located his amendment requires
that the Secretary of the Interior shall with-
draw the lands, all of them that are granted by
the act. It cannot be done. He can only with-
draw them as fast as the surveys are made and
reported to the office, and no faster.
Mr._ CASSERLY. I consent that that may
be stricken out. That is a good criticism.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California strikes out the second section
of his amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I consent that that he
stricken out.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no essential dif-
ference after that between the twoamendments.
There is a difference in manner, but they both
arrive at the same thing.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Kansas, if he will allow me, where is the pro-
vision oflawto-daypermittingthe Secretary of
the Interior, on the completion of any twenty-
five miles or any other section of a railroad, to
issue certificates to these companies as their
only muniment of title from the beginning to
the end of the work ?
Mr. POMEROY. Almost every land grant
contains this phrase in it: that the land, as fast
as each section of ten or twenty miles is built,
shall be certified to the company; that is, there
shall be a certificate issued to the company.
That is what the Department do. In certify-
ing to the company that so much land is due,
they issue a land certificate, and that certificate
under the operation of this amendment will
draw the patent, in whosesoever bands it may
be fonnd.
Mr. _ CASSERLY. Yery well. The point
is, which seems to escape the notice of the
Senator from Kansas, that those provisions
he speaks of all contemplate and involve the
issuance of a patent to the railroad companies
at some period dnring the progress of the work.
Now, the amendment whieh the Senator from
Massachusetts offers contemplates and involves
the negation of that practice by limiting the
company as evidences of title merely to these
certificates; and futhermore, his amendment
goes on to say that these certificates shall be
for one hundred and sixty acres each.
Mr.POMEROY. Exactly; they always issue
them in that way.
Mr. CASSERLY. I supposed when I called
the attention Of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to it he would be satisfied that his amend-
ment was not operative for the reason which I
have mentioned; but I do not wish to debate
it any further, having read what the amend-
ment states.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from California as modified by him, leaving
out the second section, to the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts, upon which
he demandsa division. Senators are requested
to vote in the affirmative or negative, so that a
quorum may be found voting.
Mr. CASSERLY. I withdraw th* call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment is not agreed to.
The question rocurring on Mr. Wilson's
amendment, it was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, we were
up here until after two o'clock, I think, this
morning, and I do not think there is tlic least
possibility of getting through with this bill
without sitting until two o'clock to-morrow
morning. I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HOWARD. That is not in order.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I move an adjourn-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho motion of
the Senator from Ohio is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my colleague will with-
draw his motion for a moment I wish to make
a suggestion to him. Perhaps both he and I
will desire to be away to-morrow, and I should
like to have a vote on this bill to-day. I have
nothing to say in regard to the merits of the
bill. 1 think we had better go on unless my
colleague wishes to make a speech upon it;
but I believe he has already expressed his
views.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to make
a speech on the general question of railroad
grants. I have already said to the Senate all
that I desired to say on that question, but there
are amendments that I wish to offer to this
bill, and I do not wish to sit here until mid-
night to see this bill passed to-night.
Mr. STEWART. We shall get a vote soon.
Mr. THURMAN. We cannot possibly pass
it to-day. I insist on my motion that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will tho Senator
allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope we shall
go on and finish this bill. I shall feel con-
strained, if there is much delay about it, and
I give notice to the Senate that to-morrow at
one o'clock I shall ask its indulgence to con-
sider the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. The 8enator is aware that
there is a special order for to-morrow, or as
soon as this bill is through.
Mr. THURMAN. Thiswillbetheunfinished
business for to-morrow if we adjonrn now. I
insist on my motion that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not.
Mr. THURMAN, I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 37; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman. Casserly, Davi«, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Harris, Howell, MoCreery, Pratt,
SanUbnry, Sumner, and Xhurman—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cragin. Edmunds,
Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamlin, Howard,
H6wo, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Nyc, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Revels. Rice, Robertson, Rose, Sawyer, Schurz,
Seott, Sherman. Spencer, Stowart, Thayer, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—37.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Atncs, Bayard, Cam-
eron. Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling, Drake, lrenton,
Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Johnston, Lewis, Mor-
ton, Norton, Patterson, Pool, Sprague, Stockton,
Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, and Yates—21.
So the motion for an executive session was
not agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL. I offer this following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the joint reso-
lution :
Provided, That all the lands granted by this reso-
lution which shall not be sold or disposed of by said
company within throe years after the ro:id shall havo
been completed, shall be subject to settlement and
preemption like other lands, at a price not exceed-
ing $125 per aero to be paid to said company.
Mr. RAMSEY, The effect of that amend-
ment is to prevent the settlement of the coun-
try for three years after the road is built. It
will tie up the land.
Mr. HARLAN. This is au exact copy of
the provision in the Union Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. HOWELL. I had the floor and was
going to remark that I copied this clause pre-
cisely in words from the Union Pacific railroad
bill, which has been held up here as a model
by those who advocate this measure, and they
ought not, 1 submit to tho Seuator from Min-
nesota, to go back on that.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is the country on the line
of that road settled?
Mr. HOWELL. That has nothing to do
with the question. I was going to state the
object which I had in offering this amendment.
In the first place, I have striven to secure
lands for the settlers on these fifty-odd million
acres of public land that are given away to a
railroad company. Failing in that, I now wish
to prevent a perpetual inouopoly of over fifty
million acres of lands by an immense railroad
company ; for let it be understood in the Senate
and by the country that this railroad company
is so manipulated and so organized, and the
stock is being so distributed, that it now pro-
poses to make itself an immense stock com-
pany, which, having the capital to build the
road, will build it and hold on to these lands,
that they may increase in value by the influen ces
of tho road, by the settlement of the country,
by the labor which the settlers who buy the
alternate sections shall put on those lands which
they buy of the Government.
| This grant extends to sixty miles on each side
I of the road, and the amount of lands granted
1 will be held in perpetuity by this company
unless you have some such provision as this.
Now, I insist that we shall not encourage and
foster and provide by law for such an immense
monopoly of lands across the continent of
America; and, sir, I hope that the American
Senate, and that those who are specially inter-
ested in advocating this road, who live in that
region of country, will not by their action here
to-day cause their posterity to curse their mem-
ories for thus building up such an immense
monopoly to the detriment of the country, to
the oppression and injury of all who may settle
in that region, in time to come. This, sir, is
all I have to say on this subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Howell. ]
Mr. CASSERLY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the 8enator from
Iowa to amend the amendment by extending
the time from three to five years.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California move to amend the
amendment?
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Iowa to accept that modification.
Mr. HOWELL. I have no objection to any
limitation that amounts to anything. I was
only copying the model which gentlemen have
set up here and advocated so frequently. I
i have no objection to changing the time to five
j years if anybody will be influenced by that to
vote for the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. My desire is to make it
' as indulgent as possible to the railroad com-
panies in order that we may see whether any
good can come ont of them.
Mr. HOWELL. I will agree to that. I eo
modify the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. It is easy to see that this
amendment would have a very injurious effect
on the mortgage which it is proposed to exe-
cute on these lands. That is all I have to say.
Mr. HOWELL. The only interest that
seems to be regarded is the interest of the rail-
road company and the mortgagees. I have an
interest, and the United States and the people
who are to settle there have an interest, and
