3790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
require the precedent construction of the road
or of sections thereof;
Sixthly '. The bill enhances the probable cost
of the road by restricting the company to the
American market in the purchase of its iron;
and
Seventhly. The bill is in addition to and in
continuation of a policy with reference to the
disposition of the public lands which ought
never to have been adopted, and which ought
now to be abandoned.
Touching this last objection, which applies
generally to land grants in aid of railroads
and other improvements, if I do not tax the
patience of the House, I desire to elaborate
a little.
The policy of granting lands in aid of public
improvements was incepted in the bill by which
the late lamented Stephen A. Douglas suc-
ceeded in endowing the Illinois Central rail-
road. The immediate cost of that precedent
to the people of this country was 2,595,053.60
acres of the public lands, which, at $1 25 per
acre, would have relieved the people of taxes
to the amount of $3,243,700. But the pre-
cedent being established, its indirect cost, by
being followed in the endowment of other rail
and wagon-roads, up to June 30, 1869, has been
" 185,890,794 acres, or 290,454 square miles,
equal to the combined area of Great Britain
and France, and exceeding that of Spain,
Italy, and Switzerland," as appears bythelast
report of the Commissioner of the Land Office.
This immense domain, sold at the minimum
price of $1 25 per acre, would have produced
the sum of $232,303,492 50, equal to about
one tenth part of the present aggregate debt
of the United States. Add to this the loans of
credit by the Government to railroad compa-
nies within the same period, and which amount
(o the sum of $60,800,320, and we have the
grand aggregate of $293,123,812 50 in value,
given away by the Government to rail and
wagon-road corapaniesinatidsince 1850and up
to June 30,1809; and this does not include the
grant of 25,600 acres per mile, amounting to
45,400,000 acres to the road proposed to be fur-
ther aided by this bill, it being seventeen hun-
dred and seventy-five miles in length from Lake
Superior to Puget sound; nor does it include
the numerous other grants to roads and parts
of roads which are not yet constructed. The
whole of the public lands, including those in
the Indian territory and in Alaska, remaining
unsold and unappropriated on the 30th of June
last, amounted to 1,396,286,163.94 acres. How
long will it be, Mr. Speaker, till tho whole pub-
lic domain is absorbed and given away if we
continue to "give to him that asketh," in aid
of roads and other public improvements?
Numerous bills are pending now, and being
pressed, for grants of public lands. Should we
not pause and consider whither we are drifting?
Should we not review the grounds upon which
such grants have heretofore proceeded ? If the
policy inaugurated by the great statesman of
Illinois in 1850 was wise and just, the prece-
dent which was made in the grant to the Illi-
nois Central railroad has been wisely and justly
followed in the numerous grants which have
succeeded, and it will be wise and just to make
still further grants. On the other hand, if that
policy was unwise and unjust it ought to be
abandoned, and the precedents reversed or dis-
regarded, and the sooner the less will be the
mischief.
The reasons which operated to secure the
pioneer grant were the same which invite us
now to make other grants, and they apply with
forec and plausibility, differing only in degree,
to each and all the grants which have been
made or- which are or may be asked for. Itail-
roads in the vicinity of or through the public
lands no doubt invite and accelerate settlement
and cultivation, increasing the productive area
and the national wealth, and reducing the bur-
dens of taxation by diffusion. No doubt, either,
that by giving alternate sections only within
prescribed contiguous limits in aid of such im-
provements the whole are enhanced in value,
and the Government may realize from the re-
maining lands as much or more than from the
whole without the improvements, and realize
it sooner.
These appear to be among the strongest rea-
sons urged in favor of these grants. I do not
controvert, but admit their truth and force.
What I desire to submit is rather in the nature
of a demurrer. Admitting the facts, I deny
the conclusion in favor of the policy of grant-
ing lands in aid of railroads and other public
works, and remark—
Firstly. That the policy is temporary and
suicidal. It is limited in its operation and
duration by the rapidly diminishing volume of
the public lands. Wheat these are exhausted
subsidies must cease; and the policy will be
felo de se, killed by the destruction of what it
feeds on.
Secondly. By this policy three fourths of the
lands within the limits of the grant are with-
drawn from the operation of the homestead laws,
half being given to the company, and home-
steads limited to eighty acres in the remainder.
The lands given are with or without condi-
tion. If with the condition that they shall be
sold to settlers only in quantities not exceed-
ing a quarter section to one person, and for
not exceeding $2 50 per acre, then supposing
this condition to be effectual, three fourths of
the land within the limits of the grant may and
all good lands will be disposed of only for that
price. The lands may be settled sooner and
by men of means, at least enough to pay the
price; but what becomes of those who have
not the means to buy, of whom there are many
in all parts of the country ? Are they not driven
beyond the limits of the grant to obtain a home-
stead ? And will it not soon become impossible
to obtain a homestead at all ?
The dedication of the public lands to home-
stead settlement was not an idle thing, Mr.
Speaker. It was a munificent provision by the
Government for a needy people; and having
solemnly declared that the lands should be
open to homestead settlement, it is bad faith
for the Government now to withdraw them.
One hundred and sixty acres of land, at $2 50
per acre, will cost $400. How many thousands
think you, Mr. Speaker, are there in this broad
land who would gladly avail themselves of the
homestead law that will be unable to obtain
a home within *he limits of a railroad grant?
Four hundred dollars may be a contemptible
sum in the estimation of gentlemen who count
their wealth by millions or by thousands, who
toil not and do not spin. But there are thou-
sands of men who,'with willing hearts and
strong hands, toil upon the farms and in the
workshops and factories of this country to
whom $400 would be a fortune. How many
laboring men, even in the factories of Massa-
chusetts, to enable whom to receive remuner-
ative wages we are urged to and in fact do
tax the whole country by protective tariffs,
have a surplus of $400? And if they have
these savings, of how many years of toil is it
the result? It is unjust, Mr. Speaker, to the
laboring men of this generation and to those
of all time to come to withdraw the public
lands or any part of them from homestead set-
tlement.
But, Mr. Speaker, while I am in favor, if
grants are to be made at all, of imposing the
condition that the lands shall be sold to settlers
in quarter sections for not more than $2 50 an
acre, I have very little faith in the condition as
a security against monopoly ^ nor would my
faith be much increased by more specific'pro-
visions. The company is not bound to sell the
land within a given time ; and after the road is
built and the lands have become valuable by
reason thereof it would be easy to see with
what plausibility, not to say equity, they might
ask a future Congress to be relieved. Suppose
lands in the vicinity of the road, worth twenty
or fifty dollars per acre by reason of the road,
and somebody wants to settle on them and pay
but $2 50 per acre, where would the equity be,
Mr. Speaker? Where would Congress find it
to be ? Would it be unjust that the company
should realize the value of its land, which was
given as an inducement to build the road?
Would it, on the other hand, be just that it
should be compelled to surrender it for a tenth
or a twentieth of its value to a mousing specu-
lator, who for the bargain would settle on the
land? It seems to me it would be easy to
determine the equities in the case, and that the
company would be relieved.
Thirdly. The public lands are the common
property of the whole country; and it i3 un-
equal and unjust that they should be exclu-
sively appropriated in aiding improvements in
those States and sections only in which they
may be found. True, grants have not always
been of lands contiguous to proposed improve-
ments; and bills are pending asking grants
of lands distant from and not affected by pro-
posed improvements; but these may be regard-
ed, perhaps, as exceptional cases. Partly as
an argument against such bills, and partly as
an argument against land grants generally, but
also, if the policy of granting lands in aid of
public works should continue to be adhered
to, to enable me to claim in behalf of my own
people the right to participate in the common
property of the country and to equal recogni-
tion in benefits to be conferred in aiding rail-
roads, I introduced a bill myself asking agrant
of lands in aid of roads in my own State, which
is pending.
As an argument against land grants, whether
generally or in special cases, however, I need
not to have introduced it; because bills have
since been introduced for grants in aid of a
road from Norfolk to New York, of a line of
steamers to the Mediterranean, and of a sub-
marine telegraph across the ocean, which are
better arguments than ray bill.
If Congress may appropriate lands, it may
appropriate scrip or money in aid of railroads ;
and if it may make such appropriation to in-
duce settlement and cultivation, by creating
means of access, transportation, and a market,
itmay, and a/orfiorioughtto makesuch appro-
priation to furnish means of transportation and
a market for lands already settled and under
cultivation.
The public lands being the common property
of the whole country, every part of the coun-
try has an eqdal interest in them, and is enti-
tled to equal benefit from them ; and if they
are to be sold either by the Government or by
its donees to those who are to settle upon and
improve them, all have an equal right in the
proceeds. And as the public lands cannot be
regarded as a continuing source of revenue to
the Government, the proceeds of their sale
ought, in my judgment, in conformity with
the views of the old Whig party, to be distrib-
uted among the States, to aid in such improve-
ments as may be designated by the Legislatures
thereof respectively, leaving it to Congress to
aid directly such works as may be of national
importance by appropriations from the Treas-
ury.
Fourthly. The policy of land grants in aid
of railroads and other public improvements is
demoralizing in its tendencies and operation.
Representative responsibility is not so sensibly
felt in giving away lands, the present and future
value of which is little appreciated, and which
does not diminish the cash funds of the Govern-
ment nor add to the public debt, as in case of
direct appropriations of money from the Treas-
ury. _ And many grants of land have been made
in aid of improvements that would not have
been aided by appropriations of money, even if
theTreasury had been full and the nation not in
debt. It is easy to say " Silver and gold have
we none, but such as we have give we unto
thee,'' and we give lands.
It is written, "Where the carcass is there
will the eagles be gathered together;" and the
torn and mangled carcass of the public domain
is seen and scented throughout the land. The
