2846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
it is their interest I advocate, not the interest
of the railroad company and its mortgagees.
That is all I have to say.
Mr. HOWE. I am interested in the United
States and also in this railroad, and I think I
shall vote for this amendment, for I have no
belief that we shall ever find a company that
is plucky enough to hold on to these lands for
five years after the road is built. As soon as
people go in there and commence laying taxes,
I take it, the company, if it has judgment enough
to build a railroad, will have judgment enough
to get rid of its lands as quickly as possible.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Harlan, Harris, Howe, Howell, McCreery, Saulsbury,
Thurraai), Willey, and Wilson—13.
NAYS—Mossrs.Ames, Anthony, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds,
Fen ton. Ferry, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Howard, Kellogg, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Main?, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Nye, Os-
born, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Revels, Robertson, Ross,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer, and Wil-
liams—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard,Cameron, Car-
penter, Cattell, Conkling, Drake, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Johnston, Lewis.Morton, Patterson, Pool, Pratt,
Rico, Schuri, Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner,
Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, and Yates—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, we are
making progress. We have actually gotten
thirteen votes in this Senate for a proposition
that consults the interests of the people of the
country to a great extent. Now, in hopes that
we may gain a little on the next vote and per-
haps carry something, I propose to renew that
amendment enlarging the period from five to
ten years. That perhaps will dispose of an
objection, which in my humble judgment had
nothing in it anyway. I mean that one pre-
sented by the Senator from Michigan that the
interests of the company in mortgaging these
lands would be affected by that provision. I
cannot imagine any way in which it3 interests
could be affected by that provision except on
the ground that the time was too short. To
meet that objection I propose to renew the
amendment extending the time from five to ten
years after the completion of the road.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California, which will be reported, if desired.
Mr. CASSERLY. I call the attention of
gentlemen, some of whom may have misun-
derstood the meaning of this amendment, to
the fact that it takes nothing away from the
company, takes no land from the company,
interferes not in any degree with their grant.
It provides simply that whatever lands they
shall not have disposed of at the end of ten
years from the completion of their work shall
then be open to settlement in the ordinary
manner at $1 25 an acre.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The question on ordering the yeas and nays
being put, six Senators rose to second the call.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
not a sufficient number of Senators rising to
second the demand for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well; the Senate
can refuse to order the yeas and nays. The
country will know what construction to put
on the refusal.
Mr. DAVIS. I have one objection to the
passage of this measure. This system of land
stealing has prevailed a good while, and I sup-
pose it will prevail a little longer. The way
the gentlemen from Nevada are going on I
think they are pushing the scheme too rapidly ;
they are getting more than their share. They
ought to allow for the near future at least some
of these lands for other operations of the same
kind. [Laughter.] I think they will absorb
th'2 whole of the lands by this measure and one
or two others that are on the Calendar of the
Senate. I therefore would suggest to the gen-
tlemen that they should abate on the plunder
they are now taking in the form of public lands
at least fifty per cent, and let the future have
some chance.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I am per-
fectly willing and desirous to give all necessary
aid for the construction of these great works
of internal improvement. I mean to say all
necessary aid to enable capitalists, with the use
of a portion of their own means, to construct
them; and to give every necessary facility to
enable private capital to construct these works
within a reasonable time, and to enable them
to do so in such a way that the result shall be
their own private emolument to a reasonable
degree. But, sir, I cannot feel the influence
of the appeal of Senators made to us here
to-day. I cannot but think that the time has
come when we ought to halt in—I use the term
in no offensive sense—recklessly squandering
the grand patrimony of the nation, not in the
behalf of the people of the nation, but to con-
struct monopolies that ultimately will absorb
, the power and control the destinies of this
nation.
Sir, we have already given an empire to this
monopoly, a grand empire. Shall we be jus-
tified in our legislation which shall result, as it
seems to me this legislation must result, in
building a road across this continent, through
some of the richest portions of this continent,
out of the means of the nation and placing that
great road in the hands of a private monopoly
without costing that company one cent, and,
as will be the result in my opinion, leaving an
immense section of the public domain as a gift
to that company besides the road constructed
to its hands without costing it a cent?
And when we have done all this ; when the
engineer of the road has reported that we have
done this; when the engineer of the road has
said that, without the additional gratuity which
we are giving to it, the gift of the nation to
this private monopoly is already sufficient to
build the road without a cent of additional gra-
tuity, 1 ask if the Senate of the United States
ought not to stop and pause? I ask whether
we should be justified, in addition to this, in
throwing hinderances in the way of the hard-
working people of this country going upon
these lands and purchasing them at a fair rate
and within a reasonable time ? In God's name
is it not sufficient to build this road for the
company and to give them a gratuity besides,
and not to interpose additional obstacles to the
people of the United States in going on the
lands we have given this company in a reason-
able time and procuring them at reasonable
rates? Sir, we shall not be justified by the
American people in any such legislation as this
much longer, in my humble estimation.
Mr. THURMAN.
amendment 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment pending, offered by the Senator
from California.
Mr. THURMAN. I will say a word on that
amendment. What is the amendment of the
Senator from California that any one can object
to, even a friend of this bill? It takes no land
from the company ; it takes the proceeds of no
land from the company; it only prevents the
company from holding this immense domain in
perpetuity, or what is equivalent to perpetuity.
It prevents it from playing the role of the Illi-
nois Central over again, holding this land until
it may be sold at fifty dollars an acre, perhaps.
That is all it provides. It is to prevent the
company holding this land in mortmain that it
is required that the lands which shall not be
sold within ten years from the completion of
the road shall then be subject to private entry
at the maximum price that is named. That is
the whole of it.
When will the road be completed? Perhaps
in ten years. Not sooner than that in all prob-
ability. Then this company is to have twenty
years according to this amendment in which to
I move the following
sell this land. I would not give it one half that
time if I had the making of the law, that this
amendment proposes to give it; and yet on a
propositioH that enables this company to hold
the land for twenty years and to hold it in mort-
main, to keep all settlers off, unless they will
pay any extortionate price that it may demand,
there seems to be a solid majority of the Sen-
ate to say that the company shall not even be
compelled to sell it after holding it for twenty
years, except at such prices, except at such ex-
tortionate rates as it shall demand.
I wish, sir, that this matter may be under-
stood, for I do not think Senators can have well
appreciated it, or they would not sanction the
principle that these enormous grants of land,
the granttothis company being as I have shown
equal to three of the great States of the Union,
shall be held in mortmain by this company
waiting for a rise in price, just as long as the
interest of the stockholders of the company or
of " a ring" among the stockholders may dic-
tate. I hope if we can get nothing better, that
at least we may have the amendment of the
Senator from California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 1C, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Cameron,
Casserly, Davis, Fowler, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe,
Howell, McCreery, Saulsbury, Thurman, Warner,
Willey, and Wilson—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Chandler, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Howard, Kellogg, Mc-
Donald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
ton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Stewart,
Thayer, and Williams—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard. Carpenter,
CaUell, Cole, Conkling, Drake, Fenton, Ferry, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Harris, Johnston, Lewis, Morton,
Pool, Pratt, Revels, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer,
Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull,
Vickers, and Yates—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. I move this amendment,
to come in at the end of the resolution:
And the rights and privileges hereby conferred
upon said company, and the grants of land hereby
made to it, are conferred and made upon this condi-
tion: that said company, its successors and assigns,
shall forever transport over said road and its branches,
free from any toll or charge, all the troops, produce,
stores, and munitions of war that may belong to tho
United States.
The attention of the Senate has been called
to the fact that the grants of land, of the right
i of way, of the right of taking material, depot
stations, and the like, made to this company
are sufficient in value to build and equip the
road, and that in effect the Government does
build and equip this road and give it to a pri-
vate corporation ; a free gift, out and out, to a
private corporation, of this immense structure
reaching from Lake Superior to the Pacific
ocean. For that there is not one particle of
consideration. In all the early grants of land
for internal improvements made to the States,
whether for the purpose of building wagon-
roads or constructing canals, and in the earlier
grants for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struction of railroads, the provision, I believe,
was uniformly inserted that the company or
the State making the improvement should, in
consideration of the grants made by the Gov-
ernment, transport the troops, munitions of
war, and warlike stores of the Government free
from any charge.
There were a few hundred thousand acres
given to the State of Ohio to aid in the con-
struction of her canals, and with that provis-
ion that the State of Ohio should forever per-
mit the troops and munitions of war and stores
of all kinds belonging to the United States to
pass over those canals without any toll or charge
whatsoever. What was the effect of it? The
effect of it was that it saved your Government
millions of dollars during the late war. Almost
all the heavy freights of the Government, the
