4734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 23,
acted to-morrow night I will not make any
objection. But if anything else is to be done,
I shall object.
Mr. THAYER. That is the proposition, that
nothing else is to be done; no other subject is
to be entertained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Anything
can be done by unanimous consent; but noth-
ing without it. The Chair understands the
agreement to be that there shall be a meet-
ing to-morrow night, at which this bill shall
be proceeded with, and nothing else, except-
ing by unanimous consent. Is there objec-
tion? The Chair hears no objection ; and it is
agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I suppose I go on
to-morrow ni&ht?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will be entitled to the floor to-morrow
night if the Senate adjourns to-night before he
concludes his remarks.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and at twelve
o'clock, midnight, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 28, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
BUSINESS OF COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. DIXON. I ask unanimous consent that
the Committee on Commerce, which will be
called during the morning hour to-day, may be
allowed an extra hour after the reading of the
Journal on Saturday next.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
PENSIONS.
Mr. HAY, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions a
bill (H. R- No. 2293) supplementary to the
several acts relating to pensions; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that all per-
sons who, by virtue of the first section of an act
supplementary to the several acts relating to
pensions, approved March 3, 1865, were de-
prived of .their pensions during any period of
the Time from March 0, 1865, to June G, 1860,
by reason of their being in the civil service of
the United States, shall be paid the amount of
pensions so withheld from them.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS 01' PUBLIC LANDS COMMITTEE.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to make a request
of the House. The Committee on Commerce
has just been granted an additional hour for
the disposition of its business. I ask the House
to grant a similar indulgence to the Committee
on the Public Lands, the next committee in
order. And I desire to state that I do not ask
this additional hour for the purpose of reporting
laud-grant bills, but other bills of very great
interest to the country. I hope there will be
no objection to this proposition.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I will say to
the gentleman from Indiana that if he will help
me to get through the pending appropriation
bill this week I will not stand in the way at all.
Mr. JULIAN. I will.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to get that bill out
of the way. and until I get that bill out of the
way 1 shall have to object-
Mr. JULIAN. The Committee on Com-
merce has been allowed an extra hour, and the
Committee on the Public Lands needs this
extension of its time quite as much.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 object; and I do so for
this reason: the Committee of Elections have
a number of contested-election cases not yet
decided by the House which I fear will not
be reached at this session, and they stand far
above any private or public bill which can
emanate from the Committee on the Public
Lands or any other committee. I therefore
object absolutely.
Mr. FITCH. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania withdraws his objection at the request
of the chairman of the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw the objection
if the gentleman will state what he proposes
to do.
Mr. JULIAN. I will restate, Mr. Speaker,
that I make the request to enable me to report
bills from the Committee on the Public Lands
not involving grants to railroads.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will take this
extra hour out of Friday or Saturday, so as
not to interfere with the regular call of the
committees on the public business; not to the
exclusion, however, of the morning hour for
private bills. The Chair will endeavor to guard
the right of every committee.
Mr. BURR. In that extra hour no reports
are to be made in reference to grants to rail-
roads, or to make up deficiencies of former
grants.
Mr. RANDALL. That is the agreement.
There was no further objection, and it was
ordered accordingly.
ACCOUNTS OF MISSOURI COLLECTORS.
Mr. VAN HORN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for consideration at the pres-
ent time a joint resolution (H. II. No. 851)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
examine and adjust the accounts of the late
collectors of the third and sixth collection dis-
tricts of Missouri.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the gentleman ask
that this shall be put on its passage now?
Mr. VAN HORN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The third district is rep-
resented by me, and I do not know anything
about this resolution.
Mr. VAN HORN. I can explain it to the
gentleman.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
The objection was subsequently withdrawn.
The joint resolution was received, and read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to cause the ac-
counts of Charles B. Wilkinson, late collector
of internal revenue in the third and sixth col-
lection districts in the State of Missouri, to be
thoroughly examined and adjusted; and if,
on said examination, it shall be satisfactorily
proven that said Wilkinson paid into the
Treasury a larger amount of money than was
collected by him from said revenues; and if
he is not otherwise in default or liable to the
United States as such collector, to cause the
excess of such payment to be refunded and
paid to said Wilkinson in the same manner as
taxes erroneously assessed and collected are
refunded and paid back.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time; and being
engrossed it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. VAN HORN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POUGIItvEEPSIE SOLDIERS' MONUMENT.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker'stable a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 30'2) donating condemned ordnance
lor a soldier's monumentatPoughkeepsie, New
York, which has been returned from the Sen-
ate with amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
The House joint resolution authorizes the
Secretary of War to deliver to the municipal
authorities of the city of Pougbkeepsie, New
York, three condemned iron cannon, two con-
demned brass cannon, and two hundred round
shot, to be used in the erection of a soldiers'
mondment at that place.
The amendments of the Senate were to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert the
following:
That the Ssorotaryof War is hereby authorized to
deliver to tho municipal authorities of any city,
town, or county in the United States condemned iron
cannon, to be used in the erection of soldiers' monu-
ments at such places, when, in his judgment, they
may be so delivered without injury to the public
service.
And to amend the title so it will read : "A
joint resolution for the delivery of condemned
cannon for the erection of soldiers' monu-
ments."
Mr. LOGAN moved to non-concur in the
amendments of the Senate, and request a con-
ference ou the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF HOMESTEAD ACT.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill amendatory of the homestead
act of May 20, 1862, in favor of honorably-
discharged soldiers.
The bill was read, and is as follows:
An act amendatory of homestead act of May 20,1862,
in favor of honorably discharged soldiers.
Suction 1. He it enacted by the Senate mid House of
Representatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That from and after the passage
of this act, in case of any honorably discharged sol-
dier, or sailor, or marine, who enlisted and served
ninety days during our late war, and remained loyal
to the Government, or heirs of such deceased, or heirs
of those who may have died during service, desirous
of availing themselves of the benefits of the home-
stead a.ct of May 20,1862, butwho, by reason of bodily
infnmity, or distance, or othergoodcause, are unablu
to perioral the personal preliminary acts at district
land office, it shall andmay be lawful for such, upon
presentation of a copy of their discharge, or, ii heirs
of deceased soldiers, sailors, ormarinea, satisfactory
proof of their being such, to the register or receiver
of the district land office in which said lands ai n
situated, duly attested and subscribed by a elerk -n
court or justice of tbe peace in the State and eouuiy
in which said applicant may be a resident, for any
member ot bis family, or other representative. alter
having selected and designated one hundred -i*)d
sixty acres or less quantity of unoccupied pubiu;
lands tho applicant desires to enter, may file with
the register or receiver his declaratory intentions ot
occupying and improving the said one hundred and
sixty acres, subject to the conditions and require-
ments of homestead act of May 20, 1862; that said
one hundred and sixty acres or less quantity of laud
will then be setapartandrescrvedforsaid applicant,
and shall be exempt from settlement for the period
of two years if the applicant so desires; and upon
such application being filed with the register tho
same shall become eilcetive from the date of sue'i
filing, provided tho said application is accompanied
by the fee asprescribed forlikc purposes in preemp-
tion act of September 4,1841.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the period
of two years, during which this land is reserved ior
and held by applicant, shall bo deducted as two years
out of the five years' settlement, as required under
homestead act of May 20,1862.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That "within six
monthsalter the commencomentof the third year it
is required that a bona fide improvement and settle-
ment shall have been made, and that tho occupant
shall personally appear at district land vfhee and
otherwise comply with all other provisions and re-
quirements of homestead aet of May 20,1862, sueh as
making affidavit beibie the register.
That the regulations for giving proper effect to tho
provisions of this acc to be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office.
_ The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
bill being received for consideration at the
present time?
Mr. JULIAN. I understand that the bill
allows these parties to take their lands without
the requirement of occupancy and settlement
during two years. I am opposed to invading
the principle of the homestead law to that
extent, and I object.
Mr. LOGAN. The bill only applies to the
case where disease or infirmity disables the
crippled soldier or sailor from performing per-
sonally the preliminary acts at the district land
office, and gives him an opportunity of having
some^ agent to locale for him. The general
principle of the homestead law is not interfered
with. The applicant, in order to have the ben-
efits of this act, will have to show his disability,
and its provisions apply exclusively to the class
I have sooketi of.
