1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4735
Mr. SCQFIELD. I will state to t.he chair-
man of the Committee on the Public Lands
that I have presented petitions from thousands
of soldiers praying for a measure of this kind,
■ and had them referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands. I think this is a bill which we
certainly ought to pass.
.Mr. LOGAN. I trust the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Julian] will not object. The
class for whose benefit the bill is introduced
ought certainly to have some consideration.
Air. JULIAN. The gentleman from Illinois
makes a very strong appeal in what he says on
behalf of those parties ; but I should like to
have an opportunity of examining the bill be-
fore it passes. I think the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] misunderstands the bill.
I think it applies to all soldiers, and not simply
to those disabled by wounds or disease.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire also to state that
last spring I introduced this bill and had it re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
of which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
J OMAN] is chairman. It has been before the
committee ever since. Being desirous that
some action should betaken on it, I handed it
to the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, [Mr. Logan,] who from his position
has a special interest in the class to whom the
bill applies, and am glad to find that it meets
his entire approval.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana persist in his objection?
_ Mr. JCJLIAN". I will promise to report the
bill, which has been referred to the Committee
on the Public Lauds, during the three morning
hours we are to have for reports, so that the
question may be submitted to the House. I
shall certainly do everything that properly can
be done in behalf of disabled soldiers.
Mr. LOGAN. On that understanding I with-
draw the bill.
Mr. PAINE. I demand the regular order.
apportionment of representation.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called, the House resumes the considera-
tion of the bill (H. R. No. 1823) to provide
for the apportionment of Representatives to
Congress among the several States. The pend-
ing question is on the motion of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. JnriD] for the previous ques-
tion on concurrence in the Senate amend-
ments. The Chair will order tellers, and
appoints Mr. Scofibld and Mr. Jodd.
Mr. MARSHALL. I again appeal to my
colleague [Mr. Jddd] to allow my amendment
to be offered.
Mr. JUDD. I cannot.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I hope the previous
question will not be seconded. It would be
an outrage to put through this bill iu the form
in which it now is.
The question was on seconding the demand
for the previous question on concurrence in the
Senate amendments.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 75, noes 81.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. MARSHALL. I now offer an amend-
ment which X send to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add the following as an additional section:
Si;c.2. And be it further enacted, That 111 all cases
at any election where there sliall bo two or more
members of Congress elected in any State by general
ticket, each qualified voter may, at such election,
ea^t. as many votes for one candidate as there a.re
Representatives to be thus elected, or may distribute
1 he same, or equal parts thereof, anions: the candi-
date.--, as lie shall see fit; and the candidates highest
in votes shall be declared elected.
Mi. MARSHALL. I desire, Mr. Speaker,
bi tore the vote is taken, to ask the attention of
ii"! Mouse for a short time to a consideration
oi the amendment I have presented, and its
effect upon the operation of the bill now before
the House. I think all who will reflect but a
moment must see that the adoption of this
amendment, or some equivalent proposition, is
absolutely necessary to the ends of justice, if
this bill is to become a law, and that in the
shape in which it comes to us from the Senate
it should not pass this House. The first section
of the Senate bill provides:
That from and after the 3d day of March, 1871,
tile House of Representatives shall be composed of
three hundred members, to be apportioned among
the several States in accordance with the provisions
of this act: Provided, That if. after such apportion-
ment shall have been made, any new State shall be
admitted into the Union, the Representative or
Representatives of such new State shall be addi-
tional to the number of three hundred herein lim-
ited; and if the representation of any State shall be
increased or diminished by such apportionment, any
adaitionallieprcsontative or Representatives of such
btate^ so increased, and all the Representatives of
any State so diminished in the i'orty-Second Con-
gross, shall be chosen by the State at large, unless
otherwise provided by such State.
This will add fifty-six to the present number
of members of this House. Without pausing
to present what I conceive to be the manifest
objections to so great an increase in the num-
ber of members, I will ask attention to a state-
ment of the manner in which this increase will
probably be distributed:
States. Present No. of JSo.undcr Increase*
members, proposed bill.
Massachusetts 10 11 1
Connecticut  4 5 1
Now York 31 34 3
New Jersey  5 7 2
Pennsylvania  21 2D 5
North Carolina  7 8 1
South Carolina  4 6 2
Georgia  7 9 2
Alabama  5 7 2
Missouri     9 12 3
Louisia.ua  5 fc> 1
Texas  4 6 2
Arkansas  3 5 2
Tennessee  8 9 1
Kentucky  9 10 1
Ohio  19 21 2
Indiana  11 13 2
Illinois  14 19 5
Iowa  6 9 3
Kansas  1 3 2
Michigan  G 9 3
Minnesota  2 4 2
California  3 5 2
"\7isconsin  6 9 3
The representation of the other States would
probably remain as it is, with the exception,
perhaps, of that of Vermont, that would prob-
ably be reduced from three to two members.
Virginia has been divided since the last census
was taken and the apportionment thereunder
was made, and it is difficult to estimate the
effect of the proposed measure upon her repre-
sentation, butit issupposed that Virginia would
probably gain one member. These fifty-six
members are all (with the one now elected in
that way from Illinois) to be elected by general
ticket. To this may be added Vermont, whose
two members (making in all fifty-nine) must
be elected in the same way. Of these forty-
nine will be from States in each of which more
than one is to be elected in this way. The bill,
it is true, permits a redisricting for Represent-
atives, where the dominant party in a State
may see proper to do so. But we all know that
in every State where the party in power obtains
a manifest advantage by the general ticket sys-
tem, they will adhere to it; and that if the
Senate bill should pass without amendment,
the minority (that very party which always
needs and has a right to insist upon just and
equal laws) will have no remedy and no redress
for the monstrous outrage that is attempted to
be perpetrated by this bill.
This bill as it is now before the House, with-
out amendment, virtually disfranchises nearly
one half of the electors of nineteen Slates as
far as having any proper voice in the election
of the additional members is concerned, and
is a violation of every principle of republican
government. I regard it as an attempt to per-
petrate upon the people of the counuy a most
shameless and inexcusable outrage. Whether
it would be proper to repeal entirely the pres-
ent mode of electing by separate districts, and
to adopt the principles of the free ballot, or
cumulative voting, as it has been called, as has
beeti recommended by a very able committee
of the Senate, and as is now in practice in
Great Britain and several other countries in
Europe, where the principle of popular gov-
ernment prevails, I will not undertake'to
inquire this morning.
The report to which I refer .presents the
affirmative argument with great force. The
general application of this principle has been
contended for by many distinguished Eoen in
this country and in Europe, and by nearly all
who have ever given careful attention to the
subject. The reasons in favor of such a sys-
tem are indeed manifest. It gives to every
mode of thought in every State a proper means
of expression by representation in Congress.
It secures to each elector the means of utilizing
to the best advantage and usingwith most effect
that portion of political power to which he is
justly entitled. Under the existing system, even
of electing in separate< districts, the minority
is virtually deprived of any effective voice in
the government of their country.
It is said sometimes that the man who is
elected is the Representative of the entire peo-
ple of his district. This is an absurdity. He
is not in any proper sense the Representative
of the elector who votes against him, but his
antagonist. He is antagonistic to him in prin-
ciple, in purpose, and in his ideas in regard to
the mode in which the Government is to be
administered. Under the present system the
minority cannot truly be said in any just sense
to have any representation at all.
They can go to the polls, it is true ; but nine
times out of ten the privilege is a mere mock-
ery, and they vote knowing that their votes
will give them no voice in the enactment of
the laws by which they are to be governed..
They vote knowing that their votes not only
will not be counted on the side which they
favor, but that they themselves will be counted
in making up the representation for those whose
principles they disapprove of. But I will not
enter into that at this time, as I propose only
to apply the principle to the bill now before
the House. The question is not whether we
shall strike out all the districts in all the States
and adopt this as a general and universal
principle.
By the bill before us we are almost forced
for one election to apply and test this new and
improved mode of getting at a fair and honest
expression of the popular will, unless in the
election of nearly fifty members of the House
we are ready to outrage every principle of
justice, and adopt a mode of election that can-
not be defended or justified for one moment.
We ought to be gratified that this favorable
opportunity is presented of'testing, without
any dangerous or questionable experiment,
and without any abandonment of the general
application of the present system of electing by
separate districts, this most interesting and
very important discovery in political science,
j Here are the districts formed to our hands,
I made up of entire States, in each of which two
| or more members are to be elected by general
| ticket. Under the old mode of voting, which
I the Senate bill would adopt, you virtually rob
| a large portion of the electors of their dearest
j and most sacred franchise, and without any
reasonable or even plausible pretext for so do-
ing. FromtheStatesofMissouri,Illinois, Iowa,
Kansas, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, in
my section, to say nothing of other portions of
the country, you propose to elect twenty-one
additional members in this way, and have so
framed your bill as to give them, every one, to
the dominant party, without t.heremotest. hope
of the minority, made up of nearly a million
voters, to secure a single one of them. It
would be but going a step further in the same
direction to so legislate as to deprive the minor-
ity in all the States of any representation what-
ever.
The amendment which I have proposed pre-
serves the sacred right of representation, and
gives to every man the power to use with effect
his electoral franchise. It substitutes justice
for injustice, and protects minorities every-
where from the threatened outrage and rob
