1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3791
eagles are here from the east and from the
west, from the north and from the south;
and those already gorged are the most rav-
enous of any. They fill the lobbies, press into
the committee-rooms, and even intrude upon
the floor. They invade the sanctuary of pri-
vate quarters, button-hole members in the
hotels, and waylay them on the streets. They
fusillade us with circulars and petitions and
private letters, and bombard us through the
press. They give us no rest, and will not till
the carcass is consumed or they are driven
from it. And they will hover near till we de-
clare that what remains shall be preserved for
the homeless, to whose use it has been solemnly
dedicated by God and the nation's Congress.
Mr. Speaker, I have said that the reasons
for land grants apply with force and plausi-
bility, differing only in degree, to each and all
the grants which have been made or may be
asked for. If we pass this bill there is no rea-
son why we should not pass all pending bills
and all that may be pending. And if we fol-
low precedents and our own logic to legitimate
conclusions, however pure our motives may
have been, and with whatever sense of recti-
tude and duty we may personally have acted,
this Congress will become odious to the peo-
ple, and future generations will skip or hold
their noses while reading the page that records
its history.
Fifthly. With the exception of interested
circles—those owning or seeking lands near
proposed improvements, and corporations and
stockholders—public opinion is opposed to
land grants in aid of roads and other public
improvements and enterprises. The disinter-
ested and unsubsidized press of the country
oppose them ; and the people, wherever they
have spoken through conventions or legislative
assemblies, have condemned them. The Legis-
lature of my own State has denounced them.
It is true, the resolutions were passed by a
Democratic Legislature in 18G9; but we have
since had, and now have, a Legislature which
ratified the fifteenth amendment, and the reso-
lution remains, no motion having been made to
• rescind it. I should not, perhaps, regard such
a resolution as bindingly instructive, nor except
as worthy of respectful consideration, if it did
not reflect the wishes of my own constituents,
nor if I myself did not approve it; but I know
of no newspaper, nor party, nor any consider-
able number of individuals, either in my own
district or in the State, who do not concur in
the expressed views of the Legislature, as I
also do myself. I shall therefore cheerfully
yield to the legislative request of Ohio, and
vote against this and kindred bills.
Mr. BLAIR obtained the floor and yielded
three minutes to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker. I am opposed
to this bill. Not becausu 1 do not think that
the Government may wisely donate liberal
portions of its public domain to aid in the
construction of these great public works, but
because I believe no such great corporal ion as
this Northern Pacific railroad should be allowed
to exist in any State, and least of all in any
free State. Here is a concern fhat is to con-
trol a strip of territory eighteen hundred miles
long by one hundred and twenty miles wide; j
and, not satisfied with that, it comes here to-
day and asks permission to control a branch
which, as the gentleman from Kansas [Mr.
Ci.auke] has well said, may be as long as the
original line. In my judgment, sir, no such crea-
ture as this, eitherasit was originally chartered
or as it will be if this measure shall pass this
House, can safely exist in any Government, and
f 'least of all in this Government. We see day by
day the dangers which follow from the consoli-
dation of corporations which already existin the
States. It would, in my judgment, be wise
legislation, were it within the scope of the
constitutional authority of Congress, to check
the aggregation of these great corporations.
It will, in my judgment, be most unwise legis-
lation for Congress to give away its public
domain, in order to create a creature which
in time will grow to be greater than the State
itself; a creature existing but by virtue of
law, without soul or conscience ; a creature
which in time will combine with other crea-
tures of the same description, and which will
overthrow whatever freedom may be left in
this country.
For these reasons, without regard to any of
the other considerations which have been ad-
dressed to you by gentlemen who have already
spoken, I shall cast my vote against this
measure.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, I had not until
to-day any intention to take part in the dis-
cussion of this bill, and I shall now occupy the
attention of the House but a brief time. Having
voted for the measure heretofore, I am a little
disposed to justify that vote in some very brief
statements.
The people of the State which I in part rep-
resent are somewhat interested in this ques-
tion. We are extending our lines of railroad
from the south toward the straits of Mack-
inaw, and from thence going up along the south
shore of Lake Superior to the head of that
lake, we expect to meet this great railroad
which is to extend to Puget sound. It will
be seen that this gives us a choice of two
routes to the Pacific ocean. We thus get the
advantage of the competition which will nat-
urally arise between these two routes ; and we
think the people will be protected and benefited
by this.
I am a little surprised at the very great im-
portance that is given to this joint resolution
by gentlemen who oppose it. This is no new
grant. This is no creation of a new corpora-
tion, or " monopoly," as gentlemen call it.
This is no giving away of the public lands,
about which we have heard so much. It seems
to me the resolution contains but two or three
very plain propositions. Gentlemen are all
familiar with them. Since the time when this
grant was first made a very large quantity of
the lands along the line of the route have been
taken up by actual settlers, or persons who
have claimed them ; so that the company can-
not now iind within the limits of its original
grant the quantity of laud to which it is enti-
tled. It is proposed by this resolution to allow
it to go outside the original grant, and to find
in more extended limits the land it would have
found on the line of its road if it had been
able to proceed with it at the time of the ori-
ginal giant.
The resolution makes no addition to the
quantity of land granted; it only authorizes it
to be taken from a larger surface. I do not
see why there should be any objection to this.
The company was to have a certain quantity
of land ; it was to have it within certain limits.
Not having been able to avail itself of the
grant within the time allowed, it is now pro-
posed to extend the limits, so that the com-
pany may obtain the same amount of land
elsewhere, further from the line of the road,
and therefore less valuable than it would have
been if taken as at first granted. I do notsee
anything wrong in this. Gentlemen say—and
this is made a very great objection—that there
is no restriction as to the starting point of the
branch to Puget sound. Why, sir, the reason
fortliat is simply this : itwasimpossibleto name
a point with anything like accuracy. Nothing
bat a careful survey of the ground will enable
anybody to say where this branch ought to
commence or exactly where it ought to term-
inate. But, sir, I think this House may assume
that this company does not intend to build this
branch in a place where it will be valueless.
As men of reason and sense, having at last to
make their money out of the railroad itself,
they will locate the line where it will be best
for the road and for the country.
Now, sir, I have listened to the rose aolored
description which has been given of the coun-
try through which this road is to pass. Having
seen a portion of this line, I agree that a very
considerable part of it is a good and productive
country, but on the greater portion of the line
of the road is utterly worthless. Why, sir, I
do not forget that many of us heard over and
over again from an eloquent gentleman, form-
erly a member of this House and now repre-
senting this country at the imperial court of
France, every one of the arguments and denun-
ciations now used against this measure repeated
with tenfold force and vigor against the Union
Pacific and Central Pacific llailroad Compa-
nies. How often he used to arouse the House
by depicting the robbery that was being per-
petrated, the monopoly that we were erecting
by the establishment of these great lines of
railroad across the country ? How eloquently
he urged that these companies would monop-
olize not only the public domain, but would
dominate over the people of the States, and
would finally come down upon Congress itself
and gobble up the whole power of the nation.
Well, sir, these companies went on building
the Pacific railroad ; the cars are now run-
ning over that road ; and I ask whether any
gentleman here, looking at the results of that
road to-day, would be ready to take back the
land and money which was granted in aid of
its construction and place the country in the
position in which it was before the road was
commenced? Why, sir, I do not believe a
single man on this floor would do that. This
project now before the House is as valuable to
the country as that was; it can appeal to the
people of the United States with as much force
as could that great enterprise.
"But," say gentlemen, "you are giving
away the public lands." I deny it. We are
giving a consideration for the building of a
road which is to add to the value of the remain-
der of the public lands, making them equal to
what the whole would be if no road were con-
structed. This is a fair exchange. We say
to this company, "Build us a railroad through
these public lands, and in return we will give
you half the lands, as thereby we double the-
price of the land that will remain to us along
the line of the road." Wc believe that this is
a good bargain. Does anybody say it is not?
Does any gentleman say that where the Gov-
ernment has given to a railroad one half the
lands along its line for the sake of procuring
the building of the road the Government has
not, as soon as the road was constructed, found
itself in possession of land equal in value to
the whole laud before the road was built? I
deny that there is in such measuies as this any
sacrifice of the public lands. I maintain, on
the contrary, that the Government is greatly
the gainer by such measures.
I want to say more particularly a word upon
the question as to what is taken from the people
of the United States, as gentlemen have been
contending, by such measures as this. I say
that nothing is taken from them. We have long
since abandoned the idea of using the public
lands to replenish the Treasury of the United
States. We have offered them to everybody who
will take them for homesteads; yet the home-
steads are not taken. When gentlemen a little
while ago were pleading here in behalf of the
interests of the settlers on these public lands,
and urging that the lands would be monopolized
so that the settlers could never obtain them, I
could not but ask myself the question, Why
have not settlers taken them? There are the
lands, as inviting in the past as they will be in
the future. Where are the occupiers of home-
steads that they have not gone upon those
lands ? I will say here that while I favored
the homestead policy, it has proved a failure,
as its authors afe obliged to confess. Tlie_
people of this country do not, to any great ex-
tent, go into the wilderness and take up land
for homesteads. I know they do so to_ some
degree ; but the lands are not occupied iu any
such measure as it was expected they would be.
Now, sir, a word as to this provision which
is insisted upon here, that these lands must bo
