1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
959
Now, sir, I concede that General Grant ia a
military man of the first water. I never have
attempted, and never shall attempt, to detract
from his military fame and the halo and glory
which surround his name. But it is unfortu-
nate for his fame, unfortunate for his party,
unfortunate for his country, that he was ever
taken from the position with which he was so
well acquainted, to discharge the duties of a
position of which, as admitted by himself, he
is entirely ignorant. He will have been a whole
year in office by the 4th of next month, and
he says he knows nothing about the Depart-
ments. This economist, who tells you he will
turn every bad man and every useless man out
of office, and will allow no extravagance or
corruption—this great economist, it seems,
knows nothing at all about the Departments.
He knows little or nothing about the Treasury.
Of course he does not. Of course he does not
know the price of bonds or gold. And he
does not know anything about the Post Office
Department.
The Postmaster General submitted an esti-
mate by which he proposed to save $5,000,000
on an annual expenditure of $500,000. That
was a sum in the rule of three which the Pres-
ident did not trouble his brain about. He says
he knows nothing except about the War De-
partment, and there he says he cannot do with
less money. I have shown that he has five
brigadier generals, with $4,000 apiece, whose
services might be dispensed with ; and the
reduction of $20,000 in that one little Execu-
tive Department alone would be an example
to the other Departments and to Congress
which I am sure would be felt and appreciated.
Now, sir, under these circumstances, I am
satisfied that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] has commenced right. Here
is the place. His colleague [Mr. Butler]
tells him that Congress is to blame for bad
legislation.
The third point of the defense that the
Administration presents to the country is that
Congress is to blame because the Executive
Departments must have money to execute the
laws which Congress passes. Sir, the same
party which has had the control of the Exec-
utive Departments of this Government since
1860 has also had control of Congress, and every
act of legislation of an improper character
requiring the appropriation of money ; rail-
road schemes, the subsidy of any railroad lines,
or anything else by which the publicTreasury has
been plundered, must have had its origin here.
In my judgment there is a great deal of truth
in that statement. If we pass a bill requiring
a given sum of money, the Executive Depart-
ments have no recourse, they have no redress,
they have no discretion ; they must call upon
you to vote the money. And, sir, I hope that
at this session, whenever schemes and prop-
ositions are presented which involve the im-
proper expenditure of money, or bequests of
public land, or subsidies to steamship lines, or to
railroads, or to telegraphs, we shall upon each
side of the House set our faces sternly against
voting for them, whatever influences may be
brought to bear in their favor, and from what-
ever quarter they may emanate. Let us com-
mence reform here.
I hold in my hand a copy of the North
American Review of January last, containing
a very able paper written by Charles Francis
Adams, jr., of Massachusetts, in which he
states this remarkable fact: that at the last
session of the present Congress there were
three bills introduced into the Senate of the
united States by which the Government was
to be made responsible for nearly $7,000,000
annual interest and more than $115,000,000
of capital indebtedness. These were the Inter-
national Pacific railroad bill, the thirty-second
parallel latitude bill, and the Pacific Central
bill, making $116,500,000 that these three
roads called upon us to indorse their bonds
tor. After the outrageous, villainous, infam-
ous precedent set in the Pacific railroad job, we
are asked to indorse other bonds for like pur-
poses and to become responsible for $6,950,000
interest per annum.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations told us that we could not look to the
other end of the avenue for economy and reform.
I say to the other end of the avenue, " You can-
not look to this end of the avenue for it." !
The schemes of corruption and bribery to plun-
der the people and plunder the Treasury now
before both Houses of Congress are perfectly
shocking and call for public indignation through-
out this land.
Why, sir, up to Saturday last nine hundred and
j eighty-five bills had been introduced into this
House since the commencement of this ses-
sion, embracing all kinds of schemes for gov-
ernmental favors of every kind and character,
1 and I am told that almost as many have been
I introduced at the other end of the Capitol.
Sir, what means this? Is this keeping your
promises to the people? Is this fulfilling the
pledges by whicn your party has been able to
, prolong for a little longer its existence ? Do
you not see, as political leaders, that the issues ;
of reconstruction and negro suffrage are no
longer live issues; that they are obsolete ques-
tions ; that those matters have been disposed
of, as you say, and that there is nothing left
except to develop our great resources, to i
reduce our taxation by reducing the expendi-
tures of money, and to pay the public debt, not
out of the earnings of the poor man, but out j
of the profits of the rich man ?
These are now the live issues in forming the
public sentiment of this country. And 1 call
on the majority of Congress, I call on the
Republican party, if it is in a majority int his
country, to look well to it. They have the
responsibility; it rests upon them. Our feeble ,
voices here are never heard with any effect;
our negative votes are not strong enough to
produce any impression upon the action of
this House. All we can do is, as I am now in
my humble way trying to do, to show to the
world where the responsibility lies, where the
danger lies, and in what the remedy lies.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stiles.]
Mr. STILES. How much time is left to me?
Tl\p CHAIRMAN. There are twelve minutes
left ofthe time ofthe gentleman from New York.
Mr. STILES. The remarks I intended to
make having the same general direction of the
remarks just made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wood,] and the time allowed me
being so brief, I shall not be able to enter into
the details of this bill to any extent. I must
wait until another opportunity offers, and must
submit to the dictation of the majority of this
body. j
The charge of extravagance made by the i
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
against the present Administration has pro-
voked angry and exciting discussion. All that
the gentleman said in the opening of the debate
has been made good by reference to estimates
submitted to the several committees of Con-
gress ; and the figures prove that the first year
of this Administration will cost more by over
forty million dollars than the administration
of Andrew Johnson.
The press of the country has responded to
the manly speech ofthe chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,] and
has denounced with him the party in power
for its abuses, corruption, and extravagance.
What prompted the gentleman to arraign the
President and Cabinet has been the subject of
conjecture and criticism by political friend and
foe. The acknowledged integrity of him who
framed and prosecuted the indictment assures
all that no base or sordid motive could have
prompted his action. And, sir, it would not
be unreasonable to suppose that the President
had lost the confidence which the people re-
posed in him by placing iu his hands the execu-
tive power of this great Government. Is the
Administration worthy of confidence ? Can it
be with an honest administration of affairs it
will cost $331,000,000 annually to carry on
the Government? No one knows better than
the chairman of the Appropriation Committee
what is needful and necessary for legitimate
Expenses.
We are at peace. The war is ended, and we
are assured that we are at peace within our
own borders and with foreign Powers. I in-
terpret the speech of the gentleman to have a
significant meaning. It is said General Grant
is ambitious and wants indorsement by a
reelection to the Presidency. No one knows
betterthan the chairman of the committee how
such ambition can be put to rest. A blast, from
his battery upon a question of expenditures
unnecessary, imposing new taxation and addi-
tional burdens upon the people, would greatly
tend to defeat the aspirations of President
Grant. Official corruption and unusual ex-
penditures of the people's money are powerful
weapons in popular elections against the guilty
party. The attack thus made by a Radical
leader, and that, too, in the beginning of
Grant's administration, renders his renomina-
tion utterly impossible. The feeble defense of
the President meets with no response. It is true
they have read the gentleman [Mr. Dawes]
out of the Radical party, but they have failed
to answer his argument. The President called
to his defense his old military and political foe,
[Mr. Butler:] but he, too, has failed to change
the figures making up the enormous sums in
these appropriations.
The arbitrary rule governing this debate gives
me no time to discuss the merits of the bill, and
I shall therefore leave the question for want of
time. Upon some other occasion I propose
to discuss the questions involving some ot the
appropriations now before the House. The ex-
travagance of the Administration, its prescrip-
tive policy, its folly, and weakness are fruitful
themes for debate ; and before the close of this
Congress the minority of this body will send to
the country by vote and speech such a record
as will displace many of those now occupying
seats upon this floor. My object in gaining i he
floor, which I have done after repeated efforts,
is to refer briefly to another feature in this Ad-
ministration, wherein the President is directly
implicated in abold conspiracy to use the power
of his office for gain. The President has been
a fortunate man. Both before and since his
elevation to the Presidency he received many
evidences of kindness from the hands of his
political friends. It was believed by many that
niselection, if nominated by eitlierof the polit-
ical parties, was a foregone conclusion. He
was captured early in the canvass by the Rad-
ical party, and the hero before whom rebel
armies surrendered was to wear the crown as
conqueror of armed hosts and as chief of the
nation was to restore peace to a troubled land.
All the elements of a discordant party vied
with each other in paying tribute to past and
coming greatness. He was the recipient of
numberless gifts, iucluding'houses, lands, per-
sonal property of various kinds. His presents
swelled in amount to thousands and hundreds
of thousands. His humble abode in the West
was exchanged for palaces. From poverty he
became suddenly the possessorof large estates.
The President in his patronage always recol-
lected the men who lavished upon him num-
berless proofs of their attachment. The offices
in his gift were tendered to those who had
honored him by substantial proofs of love, affec-
tion, and regard.
But, sir, I hasten on to say a few words upon
a subject that has occupied public attention for
months. No one in this Hall, whether he be
Representative or spectator, has forgotten the
incidents connected with the gold panic in
September of last year in the city of New York.
The excitement then pervading the money
markets throughout the country cannot easily
be forgotten, it was then supposed and by
many believed that there were conspiracies
between high officials of the Government and
