4736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
bery. It is simple, easily understood, and
without any difficulty in its practical applica-
tion.
I invite the attention of the House once more
to tliis amendment, which is proposed as an
additional section, and which I now read :
Be it further enacted. That in all eases at any elec-
tion where there shall be two or more members of
Congress elected in any State by general ticket, each
qualified voter at such election may cast '.is many
votes for one candidate as there are Representatives
to bo thus elected, or may distribute the same, or
equal parts thereof, among the candidates, aa he
shall gee fit, and the candidates highest in votes shall
be declared elected.
This is nearly an exact copy of the bill re-
ported on the 2d of March, 1869, by Mr. Wade,
of Ohio, to the United' States Senate from the
select Compiittee on Representation, except
that that bill proposed to apply this principle
to the election of all the Representatives from
all the States. It is as applied to the bill now
under consideration so manifestly just and ne-
cessary to prevent wrong and robbery that it
seems to me it should be adopted without a
dissentient voice.
Let us consider for a moment what will
be its practicable operation. In Illinois, for
instance, if the bill passes we will elect six
members by general ticket. Each elector will
therefore have six votes to east, whether we
apply the principles of the Senate bill or of my
amendment. But the result would be very
different. Under the operation of the bill from
the Senate each elector is compelled to scatter
his votes among as many different persons or
candidates, and in consequence thereof the
strength of the minority would be utterly wasted,
and to them the exercise of the elective fran-
chise could result in no advantage whatever.
Under the operation of the proposed amend-
ment, each voter could concentrate his strength
and so use his franchise as to make it effective
and'secure to him a voice in his Government.
For instance, the minority havingtwo hundred
thousand votes, would run but three candidates.
Each voter would give to each one of these
candidates two of his six votes. Each candi-
date would thus receive in the State four hun-
dred thousand votes. And under this system
it is not in the power of any trickery or chi-
canery to deprive any party, whether of the
majority or minority, of that number of Repre-
sentatives to which, by their numerical strength,
they are justly entitled. And so it would be
in all the States, whether the Democratic or
Republican party should be in the riSajority.
In one State this Senate bill would operate
in favor of ontf parly; in another State it
would operate in favor of the other party.
But it makes no difference to me which party
will be benefited thereby. Its principle and
contemplated result is wrong, is monstrous. It
is on outrage upon the people, which I hope
their Representatives will not tolerate for one
moment.
Suppose there was a proposition here to-day
to throw each of the States into a single repre-
sentative district and to wipe out all the present
districts into which each State is divided, would
any man forone momentadvocate that proposi-
tion without attaching to it the principle of the
free ballot, by which the minority as well as
the majority would have a voice in the eboiee
of their Representatives? In Tennessee, South
Carolina, Texas, and some other States which
I could name, the adoption of the amendment
I propose to this bill would operate in favor of
the Republican party. In Illinois I admit that,
it will, as it ought to, operate in favor of the
Democratic party, which happens to bo in the
minority in that State. But however it may
operate, whether in favor of the one party or
the other, the amendment secures, as it can be
secured in no other way, the right of every
elector to have his proper weight and voice in
the government of his country.
Mr. Speaker, I repeat that we ought to be
thankful for the opportunity that is presented
of applying and testing this new and valuable
mode of making effective every vote cast, and
giving to each elector his due weight and voice
in framing the laws by which he is to be gov-
erned. The principle, as I believe, needs but
to be tested and understood to grow into uni-
versal favor. It will, doubtless, in the future
be very extensively applied in practice. It
has been adopted to some extent in Pennsyl-
' vania, in the election of local officers ; in New
York, in the election of their judiciary; in
England, in the election of members of Par-
liament, and has received the unqualified
approval of all the recent great writers and
advanced thinkers on the science of govern-
ment. It received the indorsement and ap-
proval of the recent very able constitutional
convention in the State of Illinois, and has
been submitted to the good people of that
State for adoption. The more it is considered
and the better it is understood the more does
it grow in public favor.
If generally adopted it would remove many
of the evils heretofore deemed inseparable from
our popular system of Government. It frees
the elector from the restraints now placedupon
the exercise of this great franchise. 11, restores
and vindicates the principles ol' justice and
equality. It removes nearly every motive and
temptation to fraud and corruption. It will
be a guarantee of peace, and would greatly
strengthen the bonds of our Federal Union.
It would unquestionably improve the character
and ability of the House, and securc tho reten-
tion in public life of the best and ablest men
of all parties, and would greatly ameliorate the
asperities of our periodical elections. Every
motive, Mr. Speaker, which can properly appeal
to the Representative demands of us the appli-
cation of this principle to the bill now before
us for our action.
I now yield ton minutes to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. 1 desire to add a few words in
favor of this proposition of my friend from
Illinois, [Hr. Marshal!,.] 1 think tho Amer-
ican Congress could be engaged in no better
business than in endeavoring to bring out of
the muck and chaos now existing in our repre-
sentative system a refinement of representative
polity such as is embraced in this amendment.
Under our Constitution Representatives are
" chosen every second year by the people of
the several States;" and "Representatives
and direct taxes" are "apportioned among
tho States included in this (Jnion according to
their respective numbers," itc. There is in
our Constitution no inhibition against appeal-
ing to the principle of representative Govern-
ment, which cares as well for the minority as
the majority.
As my friend from Illinois has said, the best
minds of the present time favor this system.
It had its most philosophic statement from Mr.
Hare, of the British Parliament. I have had
the honor to know him personally, and to ap-
preciate his research and sense of justice. It
was approved by Mr. John Stuart Mill. It has
been adopted, I am glad to know, to some
extent by tho State of Illinois. It was adopted
by the constitutional convention of New York
with reference to the judiciary—the only branch
of our late Constitution which was approved by
tho people—and its practical operation in that
State is beyond all praise. It has given for
fourteen years two Republican judges, repre-
senting the minority of that Slate in a full
court.
I hold that the adoption of this principle is
an advance in representative government. It
is well adapted to bring about better legisla-
tion ; it is a guarantee of tranquillity; it will
improve the character, ability, and honor of
this House; it is a just and equitable measure.
Every gentleman must perceive that it is wisest
and best to have fair criticism upon this floor.
We have here the previous question ; we have
an intolerant majority; wc have various instru-
mentalities to check debate. The people be-
lieve that Congress is degenerating. Tho great
bulk of the people believe that we are not what
we should be. But if we had here a cour-
ageous, honest, critical opposition represent-,
ing the minority—I care not from what side
that opposition might come—it would work a
vast improvement in oar legislation.
I cannot add anything to the illustrations,
given by the gentleman from Illinois. I bad
some memoranda upon this subject not now at
hand. If I had known that this question was
coming up to-day I would have been prepared
to talk upon it more intelligibly and intelli-
gently. But look at the fact now apparent in
this House 1 The political parties of this coun-
try are, so far as the popular vote is concerned,
nearly equally divided. Yefcin this House my
party has but about one third of the number
of Representatives. This is not a fair repre-
sentation of the people of the country. This
is radically wrong.
We are now upon the eve of another con-
gressional election, and we all know, dis-
guise it as we may, that the Representatives
who will be sent hero as the result of those
elections will be nearly equally divided; at
any rate, there will be but a small majority
on either side. There is no better lime
than the present to fix in our law a princi-
ple which will give minorities a chance to be
heard here. It is a maxim in politics that the
majority can take care of itself, and that gov-
ernment is instituted for the protection of the
minority, who otherwise might be overruled
and oppressed by the majority.
The reform in civil polity involved in the
amendment r.ow pending is the result of tho
careful deduction of philosophic minds, and
if adopted it will bring about a better repre-
sentative system. There will be no other op-
portunity for the next ten years to incorporate
this salutary principle in our Government.
I might, Mr. Speaker, on this question show
that by our peculiar Federal system of repre-
sentation, by States in the Senate and repre-
sentation by districts here, that the minority
are not properly represented. I would not
open the question as to the rights of the States
or " State rights" in the matter of represent-
ation in the Senate ; still, that question is
forcing itself upon the attention of intelligent
men. An amendment like this will obviate tho
necessity hereafter of changing our organic
laws in that respect. The matter of Repre-
sentatives by districts has been fixed by custom
in our Government for the last forty or fifty
years. Almost, ifnot absolutely, withoutexcep-
tion in the United States we now elect gener-
ally by districts. All at once we-are to change
that old system and elect some forty members
at large. I believe it to be a vicious system,
and that it can only be obviated in its wrong
upon the people by the adoption of this amend-
ment, whereby the minority in a State shall
have their sentiments and interests represented.
All the viciousness of electing by States at
large may be avoided by the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. JIarsuai.l.]
Mr. Speaker, T would appeal to the House
if they would hesitate a moment in considering
mere matters of affairs, and consider matters
of principle which go to the foundation of our
system of government; if they will stop to
consider what they have read and thought on
this subject, and what good men have thought,
much of the troubles which impend over this
as a free country may be avoided.
I was about to read an extract from the
exhaustive and famous report of Senator Buck-
alcw, of Pennsylvania; but 1 have not time.
After the most caraful investigation of this
subject his committee unanimously approved
the principle of this amendment. "I challenge
the attention of gentlemen to the report of that
committee. Read his report and say whether
it is not the best aud truest example of repre-
sentative or republican government which has
ever come to the attention of a free people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I now yield for five
minutes to the gentleman from Ohio.
