960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
a band of speculators in New York to canse a
sudden rise in gold, whereby certain parties
were to take advantage of the occasion and
become the recipients of colossal fortunes.
The crisis came; gold advanced more than
twenty per cent, in a few days. Fortunes weife
made and lost in a day during that eventful
period. The name of the President and of his
Secretary of the Treasury were mentioned, as
well as other officials of the Government, in
connection with this great wrong.
Upon the assembling of this Congress in
December the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Fox] submitted a resolution of inquiry in this
House demanding an investigation and the
exposure of the men who thus had combined
to suddenly cause the excitement in the money
market in September. The resolution came
from a Democrat, and was therefore unheed-
ed. Fiually the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] thought it better that the investiga-
tion should take place, and caused a reference
of the subject to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, clothing the committee with
power to send for persons and papers. More
than a week ago the New York Tribune pub-
lished the testimony of two witnesses who were
examined before the committee. The cap-
tion to the Tribune's telegram containing the
evidence commences thus: " The Gold Con-
spiracy—The Arch-Conspirators before the
Congress Investigating Committee,'' &c. The
persons examined were Mr. Jay Gould and
Mr. James Fisk, jr. The evidence of Mr. Gould
is not given in full, but it is said to corroborate
all that Mr. Fisk deposed before the commit-
tee. In this testimony the President of the
United States is directly implicated as one of I
those denominated by the Tribune the "arch- I
conspirators." '
I hold in my hand the Tribune of Monday,
January 24, 1870, in which this testimony of
James Fisk, jr.,appears ; and no one has ever
denied the newspaper report, so far as I know.
I take it, then, that the witness testified to all
herein contained. If this evidence be true—
and it has never yet been impugned—I here
say that President Grant stands before the
country to-day charged before a committee
of this House with an offense unworthy of
the Chief Magistrate of a great nation and peo-
ple. I propose now to refer briefly to this evi-
dence, and I make the charge of corruption
upon the high authority of a newspaper whose
favorable connection with the President is well
known. By this testimony it appears that Fisk
and Gould met the President in June, when the
question of finance was freely discussed-- 
Mr. DAWES. Mr.- Chairman, I rise to a
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. DAWES. I do not understand that the
remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stiles] are in order on this bill.
Mr.^ STILES. The latitude of debate upon
this bill has been very great so far.
Mr. DAWES. But ithas been entirely upon
the subject of expenditures, and nothing else.
Mr. STILES. The personal altercations
between the members from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawks and Mr. Butler] were hardly upon the
subject of expenditures.
The CHAIRMAN. They were permitted
only because no point of order was raised upon
them by any member.
Mr.. STILES. We are arguing the question
of the expenditures of the Government and
the profligacy of the Administration, and the
acts of the President, who has been arraigned
for his acts by both sides of this House.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to this debate pro-
ceeding in this manner.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. STILES. I trust my colleague [Mr.
Digest] will withdraw his objection.
Mr. DICKEY. I object because this mat-
ter of the gold conspiracy is now before s
committee of this House; and the gentleman
is anticipating the discussion upon it just as
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
sought to anticipate the discussion upon the
tariff. _ .
Mr. STILES. It is a question in which the
President and the dominant party are deeply
interested, because the President's integrity
as a man, and not merely as the President is
&8s&i1gc1
Mr. DICKEY. Whenever the integrity of
the President is brought in question before
this body it will be amply vindicated.
The CHAIRMAN. This debate is out of
order. The Chair sustains the point of order
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.] The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stiles] must confine his remarks to the
bill now before the Committee of the Whole,
to wit, the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill.
Mr. STILES. Mr. Chairman, I was about
to read a portion of the testimony produced
before the committee and reported in the New
York Tribune.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that that would not be in order.
Mr. STILES. Mr. Chairman, the question
involved in this investigation is before a com-
mittee 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania will please conform to the ruling
of the Chair and confine his remarks to the
appropriation bill, otherwise he will have to
suspend his observations entirely.
Mr. STILES. I ask my colleague from the
Lancaster district, [Mr. Dickey,] the succes-
sor of a distinguished gentleman who is now
in his grave and who always allowed freedom
of speech in this Hall, to withdraw his objec-
tion for a moment, and I will give him a full
opportunity to vindicate the President against
the charges made upon him in the public prints
all over the country.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to remind the gentleman from Pennsylvania
that the point of order has been raised, not by
his colleague, [Mr. Dickey,] hut by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
and has been sustained by the Chair. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania £Mr. Stiles]
must understand the position of this matter.
We are not in Committee of the Whole for
general debate on the President's message,
but are in Committee of the WHole on a special
order, which is the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. STILES. Would it be in order, Mr.
Chairman, upon the bill which is before the
House appropriating large sums of money, to
question the acts of the President with regard
to expenditures, public or private, connected
with his administration?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
confine his remarks to the bill before the com-
mittee or suspend further observations-
Mr. STILES. Will the Chairman allow me
to have read the concluding testimony of these
witnesses before the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. Surely not.
Mr. STILES. It is my object, Mr. Chair-
man, in bringing this matter before the House
to say to that committee that we desire a full
investigation of the charges preferred against
Prcqidcnt
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will obey
the order of the Chair or take his seat. He
understands quite as well as the Chair what is
in order during the discussion of this bill.
Mr. STILES. I suppose nothing is in order
but the appropriation of money.
Mr. RANDALL. Why should not gentle-
men on the other side be willing to hear what
my colleague [Mr. Stiles] has to say ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] is out of order.
His colleague [Mr. Stiles] is entitled to the
floor, but must confine his remarks to the sub-
ject before the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope that when the
Speaker again selects a chairman for the Com-
mittee of the Whole he will select a better one
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania is out of order.
Mr. RANDALL. I know it; but I speak
the truth.
! Mr. STILES. Mr. Chairman, am I entitled
to the floor ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is en-
titled to the floor for one minute.
! Mr. STILES. In the minute which is left
me I ask leave to have printed in the Globe
the balance of my remarks on this subject.
Several Members. "No!" "No!"
The CHAIRMAN. Objection is made.
Mr. STILES. Who objects? We have a
right to know.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection
to allowing the gentleman to print the balance
of his remarks?
Mr. PETERS. No one objects.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Wisconsin objects.
Mr. STILES. Mr. Chairman, if the charges
preferred before that committee against the
President of the United States are true he is
unfit to be the ruler of this people.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Order I
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania is out of order and must take
his seat. The time allotted by the House for
general debate has expired. General debate
on the bill has closed.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
do now rise.
i The motion was agreed to.
i The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr, Cessna
; reported that the Committee of the Whole on
, the state of the Union having, pursuant to order
\ of the House, had under consideration the
| Union generally, and. particularly the special
order, being House bill .No. 974, making ap-
! propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
; year ending June 30, 1871, had come to no
i resolution thereon.
j message from the president.
[ A message from the President, by Mr. Bab-
cock, announced that the President had ap-
| proved and signed an act (H. R. No. 985) to
| amend an act entitled "An act to admit the
I State of Virginia to representation in the Con-
| gress of the United State;" and
I . An act (H. R. No. 804) to protect officials
i in Government employ.
i
i order of business.
j Mr. DAWES. I move that the House
adjourn.
j Mr. DAVIS. I trust the gentleman will
! yield to me a moment that I may ask unani-
[ mous consent to introduce a bill for reference,
j Mr. DAWES. I yield for a moment.
! Mr. DAVIS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the bill which I send to the Clerk's
desk
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for the
regular order.
poor ov the district.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Illinois
j! [Mr. Cook] who has charge of the bill appro-
i priating $30,000 for the poor of the District
has appealed to me to withdraw my motion to
adjourn that he may ask the House to take up
that bill. I withdraw the motion.
j enrolled joint resolutions.
| Mr. BEATT Y, from the Committee on En-
: rolled Bills, reported they had examined and
found truly enrolled joint resolutions of the
1 following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 2) for the relief
of John E. Reeside ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 80) to close the
