2848
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
This ia a very important bill and it ought to ba
discussed when the Senate is full. I think
more than half the Senators have gono out,
and certainly we ought not to push it to a vote
now. J move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not. j
Air. CAMERON called for the yeas and
nays-
Five Senators rose to second the call for,
the yeas and nays. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho yeas
and nays are not ordered.
A division being called for, the ayes were 8,
noes 30; so the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think, perhaps, it is
unfortunate for the minority here that this bill
concerns a railroad company, because if it were
otherwise I doubt if they would ask in vain,
as they have to-day, for the small courtesy of
an adjournment after a session last night which
lasted uutil a quarter past two o'clock this
moroiug, and which of course was particularly
severe upon them by reason of their paucity in
numbers. As the Senator from Iowa who last
upoke properly said, he had never known, and
I have never known, such a courtesy to be
refused under the circumstances.
.Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask my
friend from California a question, if ho will
pardon me.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Air. SUMNER. It is whether he now desires
to addres3 the Senate at length on this ques*
lion. The Senator will pardon me, because if
he has any such desire, I for one shall vote
for an adjournment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have intended to ad-
dress the Senate, and have stated that very
freely to several gentlemen on this side of the
Chamber; and I prefer to do it to-morrow,but
the persistent refusal of the Senate to adjourn
at all forbade with me the expectation that
my desire* conld have the slightest effect on
the course of the majority, and therefore I did
not. express them publicly.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must be aware
that this bill has been before the Senate one
whole day, and it failed to get a vote for want
of a quorum late in the evening, and every
Senator who addresses the Senate must address
it under the rules of the Senate, and the fourth
rule is explicit that no Senator shall address
the Senate in one debate more than twice.
That is the fourth rule of the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I claim the benefit of the
construction which makes the Constitution^ a
technicality, to sav that that rale is a technic-
ality. It has not been regarded in this Sen-
ate that I ever heard of. I do not know what J
the Senator from Kansas means by making 1
that suggestion. The rule has been a dead ;
letter here since I have come into the Senate. 1
Mr. POMEROY. We have frequently en- 1
forced it ia the Senate—not perhaps recently; j
but it has been done often. :
Mr. CASSERLY. Whenever any Sena- |
tor 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kansas make a point of order?
Mr. POMEROY. Against the Senator from
California I will not.
Mr. CASSERLY. Whenever any Senator
so far forgets himself as to talk merely for the
purpose of consuming time it may be a proper
thing for the Senate to consider whether in
that case that rale shall be enforced; but I
trust nobody has ever suspected me of any such
purpose from anything I have done in the Sen-
ate thns far. 1 do not precisely apprehend
why the Senator from Kansas should have
addressed his suggestion to me.
Mr. HOWELL. I should like to know,
since this question is up and I am a learner
here, what is the actual import of this rule,
that a Senator shall not speak more than twice
on the same day? Is it on one question or on
one phase of the question, or on all questions
puttogether, all amendments ? Does it restrict
a Senator absolutely to two speeches a day ?
Mr. POMEROY. Tho language is that no
Senator shall speak more than twice on the same
day in any one debate. _0f course no Sena-
tor would think of applying this rule unless,
as the Senator from California says, a member
wa3 speaking against time merely to delay the
action of the body. As long as a Senator is
speaking to the question, of course no one
would think of applying the rule.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia is not obnoxious to the rule at all. He
is not speaking in violation of the rule. lie
has not spoken twice before on the question
which is now before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. The rule ia " twice in one
debate," not "on one question."
Mr. THURMAN. No ; look at it—-
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order. What is the pending question, if there
is any pending question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I object to debate
on any questions about rules.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia will givo way to me I will make a motion
to adjourn. Under the circumstances I think
the Senator from California has a right to this
indulgence.
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. We all know the ability
which he brings to the disenssionand his defer-
ence to the rules of the Senate, and also the
relations which he holds with his associates on
this floor; and I cannot myself bear his state-
ment that he desires to-morrow to address the
Senate on this question, and then look at the
clock and seethe late hour of the day, and then
consider how late we were detained here last
night, without feelingthat we ought to adjourn.
I accordingly make that motion.
Air. H®Tv ARD. I hope we shall not now
adjourn.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 13, noes 24.
Air. CASSERLY. 1 thank the Senator from
Massachusetts for the consideration shown in
his remarks, and in his motion. I regret that
it was not better responded to by his party on
this floor. [Mr. Casserlt then proceeded with
his remarks, which will be published in the
Appendix when his speech shall have been
concluded. Having spoken some minutes,]
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say a word if
the Senator from California will allow me to
do so.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Air. HOWARD. a If the Senate will agree
to take a vote on this measure to-morrow, say
at two o'clock or three o'clock, if that can be
the common understanding of the Senate with-
out objection, so that members will feel them-
selves bound by it, I will agree to an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. CAMERON. I will agree to dispense
, with my speech to-morrow. [Laughter. J
Mr. HOWARD. I would inquire if there
is any objection to the arrangement I have
suggested?
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
agree to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let" the arrangement be
stated to the Senate by the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan proposes that by unanimous
consent the Senate agree to take the vote
on this joint resolution to-morrow at three
o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Its final determination.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to that understanding? [" None."]
The Chair hears none. It is the common un-
derstanding, then, that at three o'clock to-mor-
row the Senate will proceed to the final vote
upon this joint resolution. ["Yes."]
Mr. SUMNER. I rnovo that tho Senate
Ijourn.
'The moti
adjourned.
adjourn.
'The motion was agreed to; and tho Senate
[ HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
i Wednesday, April 20, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. James G. Vose, D. D., of Providence,
Rhode Island.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ci1an0e op votes.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I rise to a privileged question. I see nothing
in the Journal in regard to tho change of votes
yesterday. Whether designed or omitted by
accident I do not know.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was of the im-
pression that the correction of the proceedings
of the day before yesterday was tho proper
course.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Tho changes
were made yesterday. I do not know that 1
havo any motion to make on the subject. I
desire at least to make a record in the Con-
gressional Globe that, in my judgment, those
changes of votes are most dangerous and per-
ilous, and that there ought to be some new rule
of the House so as to regulate the mode and
manner of making such changes. As it is now
any two or three members of the House have
the power to alter the entire previous action
of the House.
i The SPEAKER. The Chair stated yester-
day the ground upon which the changes were
allowed. The portion of the Journal which
gentlemen claimed tho right to correct was
that portion not generally read by the Clerk.
The Chair commented on the very great im-
portance of such changes, and the danger of
allowing them. He appreciates all this as much
as the gentleman from New York; and only
under the most extraordinary circumstances,
like those of yesterday, should they be permit-
ted. Yesterday they were justified, not only by
the personal veracity of the gentlemen asking
to make the corrections, but their statements
were fortified by the recollection of other mem-
bers as well as by the inherent probability of
the case that they would have voted as they
indicated.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move that
this whole matter be referred to the Committee
. on the Rules.
i The motion was agreed to.
| ESTABLISHMENT Off CLAIMS.
Air. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
i' introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1826) for the
, better establishment of certain claims; which
1 was read a first and second time, referred to
! the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
I printed.
! DUTT ON IMPOSTS.
i Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
1 duced a bill (H. R. No. 1827) to reduce the
I duty on imports; which was read a first and
II second time, referred to the Committee of Ways
• and Means, and ordered to be printed.
ij AMENDMENT OF TARIFJ?.
Mr. PAINE also, by unanimous consent, sub-
i! mitted a proposed amendment to House bill
I No. 1068, to amend existing laws relating to
j, the duty on imports, and for other purposes;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
; | and Means, and ordered to be printed.
| POST OF1ICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
J Mr. BEAMAN, from the Committee on Ap •
;l propriations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1828)
making appropriations for tne service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1871; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
