8792
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®;
May 25,
sold at $2 CO an acre to actual settlers only,
and in quantities not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres. I do not see that the settlers
will gain anything by such a provision ; but I
do see that thereby the grant itself will be ren-
dered almost valueless to the company. What
will be its effect ? It will attract along the entire
line of this road a swarm of land " bummers,"
if I may so call them, who will spy out all the
better portions of the landand make false claims
to them. They will put themselves in the way of
the company. Some of these lands near the
road, and near where the depots will be, will be
worth a large sum of money, while other and
moreremote parts of the land willbe worth very
little. Is it intended to allow men, without any
serious intention of settlement, but merely for
purposes of speculation, to take up the very
best of these lands and deprive the company
of the benefits of the grant? I declare this
proposition t(j be an unmitigated humbug. It
always has been a humbug, and 1ms lived and
flourished on humbug from the beginning. I
say that the simple effect of it will be that the
company will be compelled to employ its bum-
mers also, to make its own settlements along
its own line, it can do it just as well as not,
but it will be very expensive and annoying.
The whole proposition is utterly worthless,
being based from the beginning upon a mis-
apprehension and a misunderstanding of the
question.
1 know very well how persistently the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] the chair-
man of tin*. Committee on the Public Lands,
has clung lo this measure. He has had con-
stantly before ins mind an idea that there is
great danger of land monopolies in this coun-
try—an apprehension which has never fright-
ened my mind for one moment—and he has
sought to avert that danger by this measure.
But, sir, it has been found, and Will be found,
entirely worthless for the purpose intended.
Theobjectcannot be accomplished in that way.
We have a better security than that. When
• this wilrond company gets its lands it must
sell them; the lands are worthless to' the com-
pany unless it realizes money upon them.
Do gentlemen suppose that the managers of
this company are born idiots that they should
undertake to build a railroad from hake Su-
perior to Puget sound, and at the same time
conspire to keep everybody from living near it?
On the contrary, we all understand they will
pour in settlers by thousands. They will sell
the lands for what they are worth; at least
they will sell them low enough to bring along
the line of the railroad these great bodies of
actual settlers, and your lands) will grow in
value on the lines of railroads as they cannot,
grow elsewhere. Have we not seen it, and
do we not fully understand it,, Mr. Speaker?
Keep out settJers by railroads! Why, sir, I
laugh at the idea, and the people of the coun-
try will laugh at it with scorn when they hear
of keeping settlers off by railroads. 1 now
yield to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. WHB15LER. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. 1NGKRSOLL. Is it not in order before
seconding the previous question to ask that
by unanimous consent the amendments which
have been offered shall be considered as in
Committee of the Whole, allowing five min-
utes' debate, pro and con, on each amend-
ment as it. conies np for action ?
The SPEAKER. That, is a matter requiring
unanimous consent.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 object to that.
Tiie SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from New York, to have yielded
to the amendments of tho gentleman from Illi-
nois, [.Mr. 1Iawli;y.] and the amendment of
lhegentlema,n from California, [Mr. Sargem.]
Mr. RANDALL. I offered an amendment,
which is also pending.
Mr. WHEELER. I hare agreed that a vote
should be taken on whatever amendments have
been offered.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentlfemah admit
all amendments which gentlemen have given
notice they will offer?,
Mr. WHEELER. I do not object to votes
being taken on the amendments which have
been offered.
The SPEAKER. Amendments have been
offered by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Hawley,] and the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Sargent.] Other gentlemen have indi-
cated their desire to offer amendments, if they
were allowed to do so. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna] objected, as he
had the right to do, to any more amendments
being offered than were in order. The Chair
will take the direction of the gentleman hav-
ing charge of the joint resolution.
Mr. WHEELER. We have no objection
to the amendments being submitted.
The SPEAKER. These amendments, then,
will be considered as pending, and the previous
question will be considered as operating upon
them.
Mr. CESSNA. I reserve my objection to
the second amendment of the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sakgext.] The reason of my
objection is that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Welkek] has substantially offered the same
amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. My amendment is offered
as a substitute.
The SPEAKER. If there be unanimous
consent, all of the amendments offered will be
considered as ponding excepting the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from California,
which has been indicated.
Mr. SARGENT, ft is not, the same as the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
W elk Eli, ] and I ask that, the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welkeu] may be
read to show that it is not the same.
The Clerk read as'follows:
Add to the first section as follows:
Provided further, That as to alt new grants hore-
in of additional lauds, such lands shall be sold by
said Company to nt-tnal settlersn,t a pricenot exceed-
ing 52 50 per aero, and in quantities not exceeding
ono hundred and sixty acres to any one person.
Mr. SARGENT. This simply refers to new
lands granted by this joint resolution, while
mine refers to all lands which have been granted
heretofore, or which may be granted under this
proposition.
The SPEAKER. The first amendment in
order is the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Hawley,] which covers all the
lauds, and as the question first recurs on that
amendment, it will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to first paction as follows:
And provided further, That the privileges herein
granted aro upon the following conditions, namely:
all the land* herein or heretofore granted to said
railroad company shall bo sold to actual settlers
only, and in quantities not greater than ono hundred
and sixty acres to any ono person, and for a price
not exceeding ft2 -SO per acrc: And provided further.
That no mortgage that may bo given by said rail-
road company shall operate to prevent the sale to
actual settlors only upon the terms and conditions
herein provided, of all the lands herein or hereto-
fore granted by tho United States to said railroad
company; and any violation of this condition shall
work a forfeiture of all the lands herein or hereto-
fore granted by tho United States to said railroad
company.
Mr, SARGENT. I rise to a point of order.
Mine was tho second amendment offered, and
it is iu order under the rules, and no single
objection can stop it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia is correct, and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will be unable, by his objection, to
cut off the gentleman from California from
having his amendment considered. It, was
offered next to this, and is in the nature of an
amendment to an amendment. Therefore, being
an amend,,i„i;t in the second degree, the gen-
tleman has a right to have it entertained. The
Chair now hears no objection to the arrange-
ment that all the amendments offered shall be
considered as pending, and that the previous
question, if sustained, shall operate upon them
in their order.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to modify one
of my amendments, and ask the Clerk to read
it in the form in which I desire to offer it.
The Clerk rSad as follbws:
S®c. —. And be if fiertker resolved, THat the said
railroad company shall make reports annually, or
oftener if required by the Secretary of the Interior,
ofits ccmdi'foit ahd transactions, and containing all
subh information aSsaid Secretary may require, and
in such form and verified in §uch manner as lie ihav
require. And the United States shall .have tho right
at all tiitttte to take possession of and own the road
of said company and atl its appurtenances on pay-
ing the actual and legitimate cost thereof, exclusive
of the value of tho lands granted to said company
and the prOcceds thereof.
No objection was made. d,nd thd amendment
was modified as proposed.
Mr. WHEELER. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. COX. I shall object to thatunlfess I am
allowed t<5 make a single remark. I wish to
say that I am, perhaps, to- day the only member
of this House who voted against the original
Pacific railroad measure all the way through.
But 1 find that the opposition to this Northern
Pacific railroad comes from the gentlemen who
are interested in the Central Pacific railroad,
running through to California. I know that
the interest of these gentlemen lies in opposi-
tion. While I have voted against all these
measures from beginning, to end upon princi-
ple, 1 deprecate this opposition to this bill.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman inform
me where the gentleman from Nevada [Mr.
Fitch] stands, and where my colleague from
California [Mr. Axtell] stands?
Mr. COX. I know nothing about that.
Mr. SARGENT. I only wish to point out
that, the gentleman's assertion is too broad.
Mr. COX. My assertion is broad enough to
cover every railroad grant, and I have voted
against all such grants from the beginning.
Mr. PARNS WORTH. Am I to understand
the gentleman from New York as indicating that
the opposition to this resolution is to be attrib-
uted to motives of an improper character ?
Mr. COX. I make no charge as to the
motives of gentlemen. I say that I am opposed
to all this sort of business, frofti beginning to
end. But I would rather see the opposition to
it championed upon a principle that does not
look like monopoly or an opposition to fair
competition. I have voted against these meas-
ures on principle, and, as I have said, I believe
I am the only one here who has voted against
them constantly and consistently from the
very commencement.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I rise to make a
parliamentary inquiry. I wish to ask the Chair
whether, if the call for the previous question is
not sustained, a motion to postpone the joint
resolution to the first Monday in December
next would be in order ?
The SPEAKER. Of course it would.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wheeler] to allow me
two or three miuutes before he calls the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WHEELER. If I yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] I
must yield to other gentlemen. I think I have
been exceedingly liberal, and cannot yield fur-
ther before moving the previous question, which
I now do.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 92, noes 42.
Mr. ARNELL called for tellers.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes twenty -
four ; one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were ordered ; and Mr. ArXELL
and Mr. WheeleK, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 93, noes 43.
So the previous question was seconded.
message from the senate
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gouham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on-the bill(H. R. No. 1293) to enforee
