1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
961
accounts of John W. Forney, late Secretary of
the Senate: and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 105) authorizing
the passport clerk at the Department of State
to administer oaths and affirmations on appli-
cation for passports.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. RANDALL, from the Committee of
Elections, submitted the views of the minority
in the Pennsylvania contested-election case of
Foster rs. Covode; which were ordered to be
printed.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS OF OHIO.
Mr. WIXANS. by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to print, as part of the debates
of the House, some remarks on the proposition
to divide the State of Ohio into three judicial
districts. [See Appendix.]
NEIIEMIAII OSBORN'.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Nehemiah Osborn.
POOR OF TUB DISTRICT AGAIN.
Mr. COOK. I move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up
and passing the bill which came down from the
Senate appropriating $30,000 for the relief of
the poor of this District; and pending that
motion, I move all prior orders be laid aside for
the purpose of reaching that bill.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
62. noes 54.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, moved that
the House do now adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
G3, noes 57.
Mr. COOK demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to.
Thereupon (at five minutes after four o'clock
p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: A petition of citizens
of Harlan county, Kentucky, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ALLISON : A petition to Congress,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege, by 0. H. Osborn and 129 others, citizens
of Brush Creek, Iowa.
Also, a petitition to Congress, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege, by J.
H. Smith and 95 others, of Clayton county,
Iowa.
Also, a petition to Congress, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege, by Simon
Rosenbaum and 43 others, of Festina, Iowa.
Also, the petition of D. D. T. Hull and 24
others, of Windsor, Iowa, praying Congress to
abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Norman Ives and 17
others, of Bethel, Iowa, praying Congress to
abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. AMBLER: Petitions numerously
signed from citizens of McCoy's Station, Jef-
ferson county, Ohio; Scroggsfield, Carroll
county, Ohio ; Maximo, Stark county, Ohio;
West Beaver, Columbiana county, Ohio; and
East Springfield, Columbiana county, Ohio, for
tlie abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of Samuel
Frodsham, postmaster, and 40 others, citizens
of Savannah, Andrew county, Missouri, pray-
ing the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the. petition of Lewis JEt. Weatherby
and 187 others, citizens of De Kalb county,
Missouri, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 61.
Also, the petition of G. F. Brown and 22
others, citizens of Grant's Hill, Gentry county,
Missouri, for the same purpose.
By Mr. BARIUM: The petition of D. H.
Sterling and 1,767 others, citizens of the city
of Bridgeport, Fairfield county, Connecticut,
praying Congress for an appropriation for im-
proving the harbor at that place.
Also, a resolution of the common council of
the city of Bridgeport, in aid of the same.
By Mr. BIRD: Petitions for the abolition
of the franking privilege from the citizens of
White House, New Jersey.
Also, a petition from citizens of Spottswood,
New Jersey, for the same.
Also, a petition from citizens of Columbia,
New Jersey, for the same.
Also, a petition from citizens of Washington,
New Jersey, for the same.
Also, a petition from citizens of Harmony,
New Jersey, for the same.
Also, a petition from citizens of Liberty
Corners, New Jersey, for the same.
By Mr. BUFFINTON : The memorial of F.
G. Kelly and 12 others, citizens of Centreville,
Massachusetts ; also, the memorial of Higgins
Crowell and 25 others, citizens of West Yar-
mouth. Massachusetts ; also, the memorial of
N. H. Dill and 45 others, citizens of Province-
town, Massachusetts, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BURCHARD : Petitions of citizens
of Thomson, Illinois, and of William Taylor
and others, citizens of Whiteside county, Illi-
nois, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
! By Mr. CAKE: A petition for granting a
pension to Mary Walton.
Also, a petition of John Shay, for pension.
' Also, a petition signed by citizens of Dan-
ville, Montour county, Pennsylvania, repre-
senting eight furnaces that produce annually
seventy thousand tons of pig-iron, respectfully
representing that the statements made by the
Special Commissioner of the Revenue do not
correctly state the cost of producing pig-iron
: in that locality.
! Also, a petition for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege signed by citizens of Londonderry
township, Lebanon county, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. CESSNA: Six petitions from Penn-
sylvania, praying the passage of a law to abolish
the franking privilege.
By Mr. COOK: A petition of citizens of
Freedom, La Salle county, Illinois, for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens of
| Anrora, Cayuga county, New York, for the
! abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Victory, New
York, for the same object.
Also, a petition of citizens of South Butler,
Waynecounty, New York, for the same object.
Also, a petition of citizens of Kendaia, Sen-
eca county, New York, for the same object.
Also, a petition of citizens of Sodus Point,
New York, for the same object.
Also, a petition of citizens of Joy, Wayne
county, New York, for the same object.
Also, a petition of citizens of Sterling, Ca-
yuga county, New York, for the same object.
Also, a petition of citizens of Poplar Ridge,
Cayuga county, New York, for the same ob-
ject.
Also, a petition of citizens of Genoa, New
York, for the same object.
Also, a petition of citizens of Junius, Sen-
eca county, New York, for the same object.
By Mr. DAVIS : The petition of Hon. Alfred
Ely and 250 others, citizens of Rochester, New
York, asking for the passage of a law granting
pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812.
Also, a petition of the letter-carriers of
Rochester, New York, for increase of com-
pensation.
Also, seven petitions of citizens of Monroe
and Orleans counties, New York, for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GETZ: A petition of 48 citizens
ofBrumfieldville, Berks county, Pennsylvania,
praying tor the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of Charles N. Gery, post-
master, and 23 citizens of Siesholtzville, Berks
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GILPILLAN : A petition of citizens
of Armstrong and Clarion counties, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for the establishment of a mail
route from Orrville, Armstrong county, to
' Callensburg, in Clarion county.
Also, a petition of 200 citizens of Pleasant-
ville, Venango county, Pennsylvania, praying
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pine Grove
township, Venango county, Pennsylvania, of
like import.
Also, a petition of citizens of Richland town-
ship, Venango county, Pennsylvania, of like
import.
Also, a petition of citizens of Scrubgrass
township, Venango county, Pennsylvania, of
like import.
Also, a petition of citizens of North Liberty,
Mercer county, Pennsylvania, of like import.
Also, a petition of 300 citizens of Oil City,
i Pennsylvania, of like import.
Also, a petition of citizens of Cowe's Cor-
ners, Crawford county, Pennsylvania, of like
. | import.
| Also, a petition of citizens of East Fallow-
; field, Crawford county, Pennsylvania, of like
| import.
Also, apetition of citizens of Leed's Corners,
Mercer county, Pennsylvania, of like import.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pioneer, Ve-
nango county, Pennsylvania, of like import
Also, a petition of citizens of Salem town-
ship, Mercer county, Pennsylvania, of like
import.
Also, a petition of 110 citizens of Spring
borough, Crawford county, Pennsylvania, of
like import.
Also, a petition of 60 citizens of Wheatland
Furnace, Mercer county, Pennsylvania, of like
import.
Also, a petition of citizens of Penn Line,
Crawford county, Pennsylvania, of like import.
Also, a petition of citizens of Evansburg,
Crawford county, Pennsylvania, of like import.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: A petition of citizens
of South Union, Logan county, Kentucky,
asking the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HAMILL : A petition of citizens of
Frostburg and Deer Park, Maryland, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, three petitions of citizens of Maryland,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. HAWLEY: A petition of citizens
of Rock Island, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. HAY: A petition of citizens of Troy,
Ruma, Randolph county, and Waterloo, Illi-
nois, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. H0LMAN: The petition of Charles
E. Carter, jr., praying to be relieved from polit-
ical disabilities.
By Mr. JOHNSON: Apetition of.citizens
of Red Bluff, California, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.'
Also, a petition of citizens of Tomales, Cali-
fornia, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Henly, Cali-
fornia, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a momerial of the Legislature of the
State of California, asking the establishment
of certain post routes.
By Mr. JUDD : A petition of the Union
Rolling- Mill Company and North Chicago Roll-
ing-Mill Company, of Chicago, Illinois, repre-
senting 1,025 workingmen, protesting against
the tariff schedule proposed by Commissioner
Wells, which proposes to raise $60,000,000 of
revenue from tea, coffee, sugars, and molasses,
