1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3793
the rights of citizens of the United States to
vote ia the several States of this Union who
have hitherto been denied that righton account
of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude.
.NOllTIIEItN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The House resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution relating to the Northern Pacific
railroad.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question, which was on the joint resolutionand
pending amendments.
Mr. ARNELL. On thatquestion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it, was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 109, nays GO, not voting
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong,Atwood,
Bailey, Banks, L>arnum, Benman, Bennett, Benton,
ihnshaai, Blair, Booker, Bowcn, Boyd, Buckley,
JBurdett, Roderick R.Butler, Cake, Onlkin, Oc&sna,
Churchill, William T. Olnrk, Amasa Cobb. Congt^,
Conner, Covode, Oowles, Davis, Dawes Degener,
Dickey, Dockery, Dox, Ferriss, Feriy, Fitch, Fox,
<Garlield, Gctz, Gibson, llaight, llale, II aim tl, llattis
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Johnson, Kclley, Kellogjr, ICei-
sey, Kctcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Logan, Ljncli,
Mayhuia, JVLaynard, McCarthy, McCrary, MeKee,
Morphis, Daniel J. Worrell, Moriissey, Myeis,
Neglcy, Ncwsbam. O'Neill. Peck. Perec, Phelps,
Poland. Pomcroy, Prosser, Hoots, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schenck, Schuraaker, Lionel A. Sheldon. Sherrod,
Biocuin. John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William
J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland. Strong,
Swann, TalFe, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Trimble,
Twichell, Van Auken, Cadwalader (J. Washburn,
William B. Washburn,Welker, Wheeler, Wilkinson,
and Eugene M. Wilson—109.
NAYS — Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arnell, Asper,
Ayer.Beattv, Biggs, Bud, James Brooks. Bullinton,
Burchard, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Coburn, Cook,
Oox, Crebs, CuHorn,Dickinson, Donley, Duval,Dyer,
ilia, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, llaldeman,
Hawkins, lltiwley, Hay, Hays, Ilcflm. Ingersoll,
Judd. Kerr, Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall, Me.Grew,
McKenzie, Mercur, Eliakim XI. Moore, Jesse II.
Moore, William Moore, Morgan, Packard, Packer,
Paine, Potter. Randall, Reeves, Rice, Shanks, Sho-
ber, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Stone, Tyner, Upson,
Ward. Williams, John T. Wilson, Wmaas, Witcher,
und Woodward—GO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barry,
Beck, Benjamin, Boles, G-eoreo M. Brooks, Buck,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Clinton L. Cobb, Dixon,
Fisher, Gillillan, Griswold, Ilambleton, Hamilton,
Ileaton, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, llolman.Jenckes, Alexan-
der II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Knott,
liouprhridge, McCormick, McNeely, Milnes, Samuel
P. Morrill, Mungen, Nibinek, Orth, Palmer, Peters,
Piatt, Porter, Ridgway, Rogers, Sant'ord, Scolield,
Porter Sheldon, Strader, Sweeney, Townsend, Van
Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Wells,
Whitmore, Willard, Winchester, and Wood—5-1.
So the main question was ordered.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to close debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
to one hour.
Mr.WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, before pro-
ceeding to the regular discussion of this joint
resolution, I desire to allude to a few of the
extraordinary features attending it, and among
the most extraordinary of all is the speech which
has been made this morning by the gentleman
from the State of Kansas, [Mr. Clarke.]
In view of the bills which that gentleman has
himself introduced into this House this winter
for large land grants, and which bills have been
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road and to the Committee on the Public Lands,
I cannot refrain from saying that his course is
most extraordinary. But, sir, as showing the
truth of the old maxim that "times change
and men with them,'7 I desire to send to the
Clerk's dosk to be read, an extract from a
speech made by that gentleman on the 22dday
of January, 1869, on the Denver Pacific rail-
road, and which extract I offer as full answer
to the remarkable speech which the gentleman
has made this morning on this bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
"I hesitate not to say here, sir. as a member of this
House, that when our Pacific railroad system is com-
pleted in all its parts, and the volcanic and mineral
41sx Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 238.
regions of New Mexico and Arizona arc opened up
by the great line of railway which shall soon find it?
way across flic valleyof the Rio Grande, and stretch
onward toward Mexico, the Gulf of California, and
to San Francisco, and when that other {rreat national
line from Lake Superior to Pu^et sound penetrates
the gold region-! ot the North, that the annual pro-
duct of the prccious metals and other mineral \'aiue3
in tho United States will more than equal the similar
product of all other parts of the world. No temporary
lit of false economy, no refusal to meet the present
exigencies of the public welfare, no cowardly attempt
to shift the responsibilities of to-day on those who are
to come after us, no political demagogery or special
pleading can arrest the irresistible progress of our
civilization, or stay but lor a moment the onward
destiny of the Republic in the development of its
material resources."
Mr. WHEELER. Those were the senti-
ments ot" the gentleman from Kansas on the
22d da}' of January, 1869, when Kansas inter-
ests were involved.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I entertain them
to-day.
Mr. WHEELER. He entertains them to-
day! They are directly in conflict with the
speech which he has made here to-day.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Not at all.
Mr. WHEELER. Directly. Let the House
and the country be the judge. There is no
State in this Union which has received such
land subsidies from the Government of the
United States as the State of Kansas, and there
is no State which is to-day demanding more
than that State through its sole Representative
on this floor. So much for this extraordinary
feature of this debate, which needs no addi-
tional comment.
Now, sir, I desire to come to the questions
which are really involved in this discussion.
There are some objections raised to this joint
resolution which I desire plainly to meet, with-
out oratory and without any attemptat display.
One objection which is raised is this: that the
point at which this branch shall diverge from
the main line is not define!. That I admit
frankly is an objection, and were it practicable
to define that point it would have been done.
But upon consulting, as I have done, with
gentlemen of character, who are interested in
this project, and also with the chief engineer,
Mr. E. P. Johnson, a man who as a man of
integrity and an accomplished engineer has no
superior in this country—upon discussing this
matter carefully with him he informs me that
it is simply impossible, from a want of accu-
rate knowledge of the country, to locate this
branch. And if gentlemen will take a map of
that country, now before me. und without pre-
judice inspect it for themselves, they will see
that it is wholly impossible for these men, with-
out any definite survey and without definite
knowledgeof (lie country, to locate this branch.
The objection is made, and I admit with
some plausibility, that under the license given
by this joint resolution this company may con-
struct a parallel road the entire length of the
original line. But I ask the House to bring to
the solution of this question the simple judg-
ment of common sense. I ask nothing but
the calm judgment of the House upon it. I
ask gentlemen to pass upon this matter as
they would upon any business proposition, and
not to be deluded by this delusive cry against
''gigantic corporations."
The Northern Pacific railioad is already
located from the St. Louis river to the Red
river, a distance of two hundred and thirty
miles. At its very starting-point it is only about
one hundred and fifty miles from the British
possessions, and at one point it runs within
forty-eight miles of the British boundary. Now,
can any one for a moment suppose that this
company is going to build a parallel line north
of its located line, and that that narrow belt
of country can support two parallel roads ?
As to the southern limit of this road, this
joint resolution limits the main line to the val-
ley of the Columbia river; and this company
can in no event go south of that. This com-
pany cannot afford to build any line of railroad
merely for the lands involved in the grant.
Were it not for the expectation of a large
through business, and ultimately of a large
local business, there would be no inducement
whatever to build the road.
It is simply impossible, even if the company
had the purpose to do so, to build this parallel
line of road. By the original charter of 18G4,
and the amendments thereto, the company is
compelled to have this whole road, with its
branch, completed on the 4th of July, 1877,
and there is nothing, express or implied, in
this joint resolution that absolves them from
having this work done at that time. Will any
man tell me that this company with simply
the proceeds of this land are to build about
thirty-five hundred miles of railroad between
this and the 4th of July, 1877? It is a simple
impossibility, if the purpose existed; and I
deny that any such purpose does exist or ever
has existed.
My attention has been called to one part of
this joint resolution which it is claimed leaves
the time of construction indefinite. It is pro-
vided that " twenty-five miles of said main line
between its western termimis and the city of
Portland, in the State of Oregon, shall be com-
pleted by the 1st day of January, A. D. 1872,
and forty miles of the remainingportion thereof
each year thereafter, until the whole shall bo
completed between said points;" that is, the
portion between Portland and Puget sound, a
distance of one hundred and fifty miles, must
be completed under the provisions of this joint
resolution in 1875, two years before they are
required to complete the main line.
Sir, it is simply idle to argue as gentlemen
have done in this regard. Let gentlemen rec-
ollect that to the original charter, as also to
this joint resolution, is attached the provis-
ion " that Congress may at anytime alter or
amend this joint resolution, having due regard
to the rights of said .company, and any other
parties." Are these gentlemen here so credu-
lous as to believe that the Congress and Gov-
ernment of the United States will permit so
huge a swindle as that this company, under
the pretense of building a branch railway, shall
construct a parallel and independent line of
railway across the continent ? No such fraud
will or can be successfully undertaken. The
idea is simply preposterous, and I dismiss it
without further consideration.
Another objection, upon which repeated
changes have been rung, is as to the mortgage
which this company is allowed to issue. Mr.
Speaker, I take it we are not here to legislate
brains into the heads of the money-lenders of
this or foreign countries. A man who knows
enough to accumulate money is generally sharp
enough to look out for his own security when
he loans it. We are told here in a general
way by gentlemen that this joint resolution
permits this company to mortgage all this land.
Sir, that is simply absurd. This joint resolu-
tion permits the company to secure its bonds
by a mortgage on " its property and rights of
property of all kinds and descriptions, real,
personal, and mixed." Now, where will tho
money-lenders go to ascertain the rights of
property of this company? Suppose you go
to a man with one of the bonds of this road,
or .you show him the mortgage, and he wants
to know the evidence of the right of the com-
pany to issue the bond and make the mortgage,
and to know what is its property. Every sane
man knows there is only one place where lie can
apply for the desired information, and that is
to the acts of incorporation. This company
to-day has not one rood of land, nothing to
which its mortgage can attach except its rights
of property. The original act of incorporation
provides—and no gentleman has had the hardi-
hood to allege on this floor that there is any-
thing in this joint resolution antagonistic to
the original act of incorporation ; that original
act provides—
" That whenever said Northern Pacific Railroad
Company shall have twenty-five consecutive miles
of any portion of baid railroad and telegraph imo
ready for the service contemplated the President of
the United States shall appoint three commissioners
