1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4737
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire, Mr.
Speaker, to say a word on this amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Marshall;] not because I have much hope
it will prevail at this time, but to express ray
approval of the principle involved in this amend--
raent. During the past five or six years I have
read with some care what has been written
here and in England on the subject of minority
representation. In my judgment it is the weak
point in the theory of representative govern-
ment, as now organized and administered, that
a large portion of the voting people arc perma-
nently disfranchised. I can find no stronger
illustration of the evil than in my own State.
When I was first elected to Congress, in the fall
of ]8f>2, the State of Ohio had a clear Repub-
lican majority of about twenty-five thousand;
but by the adjustment and distribution of polit-
ical power in the State, there were fourteen
Democratic Representatives upon tliis floor
and only five Republicans. The State that cast
nearly two hundred and fifty thousand Repub-
lican votes as against about two hundred and
twenty-five thousand Democratic votes was
represented in the proportion of five Repub-
licans to fourteen Democrats. In the next
Congress, the Thirty-Ninth, there was no great
political change in the popular vote of Ohio,
a change of only twenty thousand, but the
result was that seventeen Republican mem-
bers were'sent here from Ohio and only two
Democrats. AVe find that only so small a
change of majority as twenty thousand changed
the representation in Congress from fourteen
Democrats and five Republicans to seventeen
® Republicans and two Democrats 1
Now no man, whatever his politics, can
justly defend a system that may in theory, and
frequently does in practice, produce such re-
sults as these. Take my own district as an
example; I have never been elected by less
than nine thousand majority. Sometimes the
majority has exceeded twelve thousand. There
are about ten thousand Democratic voters in
my district, and they have been voting there
for the last forty years, without any more hope
of liavinga Representative on this floor than of
liaving one in the Commons of Great Britain.
Mr. FERRY. Do yon propose to give them
Hint hope; and if so, in what manner do you
propose to assure it to them? Does not the
remedy lie with the people? Their political
sentiment controls the character of their Rep-
resentative, and therefore they hold the polit-
ical power.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think they
ought to have more hope. The Democratic
voters in the nineteenth district of Ohio ought
not by any system to be absolutely and perma-
nently disfranchised. And I say that, while no
more sympathizing with their sentiments than
any other gentlemen on this side of the House.
N ow, while I do not suppose that any system
can lie devised by which every citizen of the
United States shall bo politically and senti-
mentally represented here, I do think that
something can bo done that shall make a much
nearer approach to an equitable representa-
tion than the present system. Suppose that
the ten thousand Democratic voters residing
in the congressional district which I represent
were permitted to cast their votes in such a
way as to add their voice to the whole body of
Democtatic sentiment of Ohio, who will say
that such permission would be unjust? I would
not now vote to abolish the congressional dis-
trict system and throw the whole election into
the general ticket system, By the provisions
o f this bill forty or fifty members of this House
arc to be elected on the general State ticket,
a'jd wc thus have the opportunity of testing
the principle of the minority representation by
applying it for one Congress to these additional
Representatives. We have tlms an opportu-
nity of testing a plan which many of the best
minds of the Anglo-Saxon race think will re-
move the injustice and inequity in the pres-
ent political constitution of all representative
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 2i)7.
Governments; and I hope we will try the
experiment.
- i noticed that some of my friends around me
smiled when i observed that those ten thou-
sand Democratic voters in my district ought to
have some chance to be represented here. i
do not think it is a matter for derisive smiles.
i think it is rather a matter for serious inquiry
on the part of every member of this House to
ascertain if there be not some way by which
the various political opinions of our population
maybe fairly represented in the national Legis-
latUre
Mr. STEVENSON. My colleague has re-
ferred to my smiling. I will explain that, while
I agree in the main with what my colleague has
been saying, I smiled because the idea occurred
to me that the Democrats in his district, who,
he says, ought to have representation here, are
now very well represented by his Democratic
colleague, [Mr. Muxgen.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Of course they
may be represented to some extent by members
from other districts who know nothing about
their local wants. Bat every one knows that
between a Republican Representative and his
Democratic constituents, and between a Dem-
ocratic Representative and his Republican con-
stituents, there is no such political relationship
as should subsist between a Representative and
his constituents.
A powerful book written a few years since
by Mr. Hare, of England, was the beginning
of the discussion on this subject. And the dis-
cussion has gone on till the best minds in Great
Britain are now agreed that something ought
to be done to make the representative system
more equitable. Now, we have an opportunity,
if this bill should pass, to test the matter for one
term, for one Congress only. I know of no
better place and no better time for testing it
than here and now. A conspicuous example
will thus be afforded for all representative Gov-
ernments of the working of the principle of
minority representation. And it is fitting that
the party of progress, which has done so much
during the last ten years to advance the inter-
ests of popular liberty, should lead in this
experiment. Illinois is about to test the prin-
ciple in her amended constitution, and I see
that a great collegiate and literary corporation,
the venerable University of Harvard, has within
the last few weeks adopted the same principle
in the election of their board of overseers, who
govern that great university.
This is an important and significant fact, and
ought to be taken into account as one of the
tendencies of modern thought on this subject.
If the great difficulty which this amendment
proposes to remedy were removed I have no
doubt that throughout the world the principle
of representative government will receive an
impetus and strength which would greatly
strengthen the grounds of its perpetuity.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niglack.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I regret very much, for
many reasons, that I feel myself compelled to
oppose the amendments of the Senate to this
bill, as well as to oppose the bill itself, as I
have so far done. As at present advised, I
will not vote for any apportionment bill that
provides for more than two hundred and fifly
members of this House. I think it is unde-
sirable in every respect that we should mate-
rially increase the number of Representatives
here. In my humble way I have, during my
whole political life, been endeavoring to oppose
this constant tendency to increase and multiply
theofiicersof the Government. The tendency
of the popnlar mind seems, unfortunately, to
have been in that direction. But I have en-
deavored to give a different direction to that
tendency, so far as my influence has gone, and
I shall endeavor on this question to adhere to
my original policy in thatrespeet, rhisllouse
is large enough and unwie!dy_ enough with its
present number.
I cannot, therefore, consent
to materially increase the number of its mem-
bers by any vote of mine.
I think that this proposition to reapportion
Representatives just now is premature. It is
endeavoring to apportion what remains of the
present decade upon a basis of population which
belongs properly to the next decade, according
to the custom which has heretofore prevailed
of every ten years settling this matter of ap-
portionment. It is only eight years since Rep-
resentatives were apportioned by the action of
Congress. We ought, therefore, in deference
to the custom which has heretofore prevailed,
and in view of all the inconveniences that may-
result from hot haste, to wait two years more.
But if this measure is to pass, then I very
earnestly favor the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.] It is a
subject which I confess very frankly I have not
examined carefully or critically. My ideas in
regard to it are of a general character, received
from a casual reading of, perhaps, one or two
carefully prepared speeches and an occasional
newspaper article.
It is an experiment, sir; an experiment of a
very important character, and one which ought
not to be adopted hastily. But enough has
been demonstrated upon the subject to justify
us in making the advanced step proposed by
this amendment. This amendment does not
contemplate, as I understand it, to make it the
permanent policy of the country that this man-
ner of voting shall be adopted in all future con-
gressional elections, but is intended to apply
only to the next election, when we may be
required under this bill to elect certain mem-
bers by general ticket in the States. I presume
that before another two years all the States
will be reapportioned, so that members will
again be elected by districts. This amendment,
therefore, is but of a temporary and provisional
character, and will afford us, I think, a very fine
opportunity of testing the practicability and
desirability of this cumulative mode of voting,
as it is called, without ingrafting it permanently
on the policy of the country. I think the occa-
sion a very propitious one to try this experiment.
Now, so far as the practice of electing Rep-
resentatives by general ticket in the States
has been tried it has not been generally satis-
factory. The effect of it has always been to
deprive the political minority in any given
State at any given time of any representation
on the floor of this House at all. I am unwill-
ing, therefore, to vote for this bill; if for no
other reason, because it provides, for the elec-
tion of a large number of members by general
ticket; but the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois very much breaks the force of that
objection, and I shall vote for it as an improve-
ment both on the original bill and the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. MARSHALL. I now yield five min-
utes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Hardeman.]
Mr. 1IALDEMAN. I desire, in the first
place, to express my adhesion to the principle
of cumulative suffrage, (or free vote,) of which
Mr. Buckalow, of Pennsylvania, has been the
most zealous friend in this country. And I
do so more cheerfully because at the home of
Mr. Buckalew, at Bloomsburg, last fall, it has
been proved that cumulative voting is admira-
bly adapted, in actual practice, to free institu-
tions. I advocate the free vote as a partial cure
for the most threatening danger of republican
representative institutions; for I believe that
representative institutions are falling into dis-
credit throughout the world, and that through
our own act this American Congress has ccased
to represent the American people or command
their respect. It is being felt that, as Casar
overthrew the senate of Rome, as Napoleon
overthrew the Constituent Assembly of France,
as Cromwell overthrew the usurping Parlia-
ment of Great Britain, the tima may come
when, if our Congress continues to be more
and more deteriorated and non-representa-
five, some man upon horseback with his drawn
