1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tions and monopolies may not be throttled or
abated until it shall compel every moneyed
stronghold, every moneyed combination, and
every moneyed monopoly to yield to the just
demands of the people and fo bear their equal
share of the public burdens. Let the great
conflict foretold by the gentleman from Indiana
be hastened. Even in this, our day, I will be
glad to see it come. The hosts who favor the
abolition of high tariff's, who favor equal tax-
ation, and who are averse to every species of
monopoly, are ready now for the encounter.
They are willing to again measure strength with
protectionists and with bondholders who claim
exemption from taxation. The great and all-
absorbingthought of the American mind at this
time is the fair and equal distribution of the
public burdens. The farmer does not turn a
farrow or thrash a bushel of grain, the mason
does not strike a blow or lay a brick, the me-
chanic does not drive his chisel or plane, but
that the thought is buried still deeper in his
mind that monopolies and combinations in the
interests of high tariffs and Government bonds
stand ready to demand and take the chief results
of their toil in the way of increased prices for
their school-books, newspapers,utensils, imple-
ments, furniture, clothing, and food.
In order to understand the situation better,
let us proceed. It is said that these railroads
have become wealthy. This, I suppose, i3 true.
In this respect, they have accomplished the
very object of their being. Without this, judg-
ing by the rales which govern most men, 1 can-
not conceive why they were created or what
should give them existence for a day. Selfish-
ness alone gave birth to the undertaking and
organized achievements which only do not
startle us, because we are Americans. With-
out this greatest of motive powers not a ravine
would have been spanned, not a river bridged,
not a mountain tunneled ; without this the
desert would have continued aterrorto all but
the hardy adventurer, and the gorgeous peaks,
everlastingly covered with snow, a complete
obstruction to the progress of civilization. Re-
move this incentive, or make the results of
its undertakings uncertain, and you inevitably
block up all the channels of enterprise, trade,
and commerce ; you rob civilization of an indis-
pensable handmaid and leave human progress
without a prompter, if not witbout a prop.
And if these gentlemen named in this bill are
so generous as to undertake this measure for
the public welfare I will be glad to know it.
But if you will be severe do not be unjust.
Therefore look at the results to the country.
These companies have not enjoyed all the profit.
They alone have not grown wealthy. These
toiling millions have enjoyed great benefits, if
not profits, from them. They afford employ-
ment to an army of laborers whom they pay as
well as any class of laborers are paid. Are
these elements of our internal strength,^ devel-
opment, and greatness to be despised? To-day
you observe the learned and skillful engineer
illustrating his wisdom, the results of long study
and meditation, in determining whether it be
better to flank a bold mountain peak or pene-
trate its very heart, or in projecting some gigan-
tic span over flood or ravine; to-morrow you
see on the same line the rough-clad laborer,
with shovel and pick, with powder and drill,
with derrick and windlass, with horse and cart,
living in rude huts constructed with their own
hands, upon the plainest food from the nearest
grocery, smoothing the earth's surface for the
yet unforged rail. Meanwhile the mountains
ring with the woodman's ax felling trees for
ties, and the mason's hammer resounds in the
quarry forming blocks for piers and abutments.
And to complete the development, the springs
of this wonderful life, the coal mine and the
iron is being worked, the forge and furnace are
kept in full blast, the machine-shop throngs
with the mechanic and artisan struggling^ to
meet the coming demand for spikes, chaivsj
and rails, and the ponderous, stupendous engine
whizzing along with its half a score of magnih-
41ST COM. 2D Sebs.—NO. 120.
cent palatial cars- borne down with hundreds
of happy human beings, brings a climax to the
train of exultant thought.
What forces these 1 What a concentration of
thought, of life, and of labor I Here are men-
tal and physical development connected and
complex, multiplied and diverse, far beyond
the conception of the brightest of our worthy
ancestors. They have assisted beyojid all com-
putation in changing the face of a continent and
in multiplying the charms of existence. Dis-
tant homes and marts and centers of trade and
commerce are brought near, so that the ex-
changes which yesterday were confined to a
handful in one or two localities now embrace
all the multitudes encompassed by the two
oceans. And is this all that captivates and
charms? By no means. Par away in the wil-
derness or prairie the emigrant train has made
an end of its journeying on the bank of some
creek or river; rude houses, a store, a mill, and
a church are soon erected, and before their
number is trebled or quadrupled the genius of
some now praised and blessed monopoly soon
prepares the track and sends the engine thither
also, making all the rest of a continent the
friends and neighbors of the adventurous band,
and bringing them into living sympathy with
all Christendom. The hamlet at once becomes
a town, and while all wonder at its growth it is
crowned a city, from whence for miles around
flow living tides of wealth and power. And
ali this has been done without the aid of Con-
gress by way of granting charters or regulating
existing roads.
I need not say that these railroads are the
greatest agencies or instruments in the land
for the promotion and development of our
physical strength, resources, and wealth; it is
enough for my purpose to class them with the
greatest. The people have some appreciation
of their value. They will not do without them.
Wherever they are constructed they remain.
Not one mile of any considerable line has ever
been abandoned. I have yet to learn that any
community has asked that their charter might
be abolished. Turnpikes, canals, and rivers
afford no sufficient facilities for the hot haste
of our people to reach a given point, to amass
a fortune, or to found an empire. What local-
ities or centers of commerce and intercourse
would be what they now are without the rail-
road connecting links ? Have they not been
the channels of your great trade; the avenues
through which your most active energies have
developed themselves? I need not recount
statistics; it will avail my purpose to point to
the unprecedented growth of Cleveland, Cin-
cinnati, Chicago, St. Louis, and Omaha. Before
the forest trees have all been felled or the sur-
rounding prairie all been broken overcrowded
cities have arisen at a hundred points.
With such considerations before me, I am
sure I will not be charged with partisanship
when I urge you to be careful what blows you
deal at these arteries of national trade and in-
dustry. I do not claim for them perfection,
nor the hightest degree of advancement; nor
yet that honest liberality and exemplary deal-
ing with those whom they serve that every
material consideration would warrant. How
great their faults are I cannot judge. But if
these corporations have become so wealthy, has
not the Government helped to pake them so ?
The amount of public lands given to them is
indeed fabulous. Monopolies and all combi-
nations of men, including bondholders, bankers,
and protectionists, have, as the people of this
country are rapidly learning, most capacious
and voracious maws, always crying " More!"
without the slightest sense of satisfaction or
semblance of gratitude. Those who live east-
ward are now made happy in knowing that this
most important truth in legislation has at last
been discovered by our friends in the West.
Certainly, when their generosity flowed like a
liver in voting grants of public lands dands
| belonging to the people East as well as W est
1 in voting them virtually the people's money
money belonging to the people Blast as well as'
West—they could not have dreamed that they
were nourishing an arm so soon to be turned
against them.
Again, it is said by those who arc agitating
this question that these railroad corporations
"have not only become wealthy but exacting,
imposing by- their combinations exorbitant
freights and charges for transportation. This
may be true -f I do not question fhe«correctness
of the assertion. But is this a new feature In
the affairs of men ? Is it the first time that the
wealthy have combined to make undue exac-
tions of the poor ? Have we never before heard
of the few, with their accumulated fortunes, im-
posing unjust and unequal burdens upon the
toiling millions ? Wealth is always exacting,
exorbitant, domineering, and oppressive. It
is forever seeking to. enslave the laborer. It
has no ear for the cry of poverty, and no soul
to be moved by suffering. It is abashed at no
excesses, revolts at no corruption, and retreats
from no position. Being without sensibility
or shame, it grasps the last farthing wherever
it finds it.
Mr. Speaker, if these statements have but
the semblance of truth, then it is greatly to be
deplored that we have a great national debt in
the hands of a favored few. Let. those who
dread monopolies and combinations of men for
the sake of gain give due reflection to the effeets
upon our toiling millions by the security and
protection afforded to the bondholder in the
refusal of Congress to demand of him his equal
share of the public burden. Here is a plain
and unequivocal case; no clearer case of in-
equality was ever known-among a free and
enlightened people. These bondholders stub-
bornly refuse to hear the cry of the poor-farmer,
mechanic, and laborer; but continue to claim
exemption from taxation for the full amount
of their bonds, readily making combinations
to secure their claims, however unrighteous,
thinking that they will forever silence the voice
of truth and justice by the senseless cry of
repudiation."
Railroad corporations with a greater amount
of wealth than the national bonds are unmer-
cifully denounced for taking a few millions by
way of profits from the people. This may be
merited. But have you no railings or accusa-
tions against the bankers, who manage to draw
from you, by their system, $18,000,000 per
annum ? Will you not remonstrate in unmis-
takable terms with the bondholding combina-
tion, which takes from you, year by year, still
larger sums, they having the whole fund ex-
empt from any burden ? Remember, you bond-
holders, that you hold hundreds of millions
of bonds exempt from taxation, and for this
the people will bring you to account. And con-
sider also the monstrous tariff monopoly, lift-
ing its head higher and forming combinations
still more disastrous to the interests of the toil-
ing millions. Have not these monopolies fat-
tened on the blood and muscle of the farmers
and other laborers of the country ? Do they
ever cease their demands? The sacrifice of
all other interests in their behalf to-day only
causes them to be more exacting to-morrow.
In my judgment, in this monopoly is a foe
deserving the most vigilant attention. I trust
the great captain who is to direct the poor
man's forces in the coming struggle for equal
rights and equal burdens will not fail to direct
one column at least against the citadel that
protects these monopoly combinations.
1 have thought it would not be inappropri-
ate, in passing, to call the attention of all who
are interested in limiting, restraining, or re-
ducing the power and privileges of railroad
monopolies and combinations, to the factthat
there are millions of laborers and farmers wno
have !
ing, and leumjiug mt* « w>. i ~ j
other combinations, of other monopolies, i
have made these allusions for the express pur-
pose of calling attention to. the feet that more
than one section of thecountry is now sutter-
