1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2849
Mr. HOLMAN. I give notice that I reserve
all points of order.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move that the bill be
made a special order for Tuesday next after
the morning hoar.
Mr. SCHENCK. I must object to any special
order that will interfere with the tax and tariff
bills.
The SPEAKER. This cannot by any pos-
sibility interfere with those special orders.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is it in the Committee of
the Whole on the state the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is, and will be, of
coarse, anterior to all present special orders.
The motion was agreed to.
NEW 8ILV8R COIN.
Mr. SARQENT, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Coin age. Weights,
and Measures be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of directing the mints of the United States
to make and issue a new silver coin of the current
▼aloe of twenty cents, and to report by bill or other-
wise.
COURT-MARTIAL TRIAL.
Mr. COX, by nnanimons consent, snbmitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Reaoived, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to this House all the proceedings and
papers in his office with reference to the trial and
sentence of a soldier named Troan, an inmate of the
National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers, by a court-
martial, and also whatactionhas been taken thereon.
* Subsequently,
Mr. BuTLER, of Massachusetts, said: Mr.
Speaker, I desire to enter a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution of in-
quiry as to the trial of Troan was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered on the Journal.
SURVIVORS OF THE WAR OF 1812.
Mr.WILLARD, by nnanimons consent, from
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1829) granting pensions to certain soldiers and
sailors of the war of 1812; which was recom-
mitted to the same committee, and ordered to
be printed.
DE SOTO AND CRESCENT.
Mr. PLATT, by nnanimons consent, reported
back from the Committee on Naval Affairs the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 238) for the relief
of the officers and crew of the United States
vessels De Soto and Crescent, and moved that
the committee be discharged from further con-
sideration of the game, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. MUNGEN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report the following
resolution:
Retolvtd, That there be printed for the use of the
members admitted to seats on this floor since the last
order for printing agricultural reports for the year
1868, the number of seven thousand copies thereof
for the use of said recently admitted members.
The resolution wis agreed to.
Mr. MUNGEN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORT ON THE PARIS EXPOSITION.
Mr. MUNGEN. I am also instructed by
the Committee on Printing to report the fol-
lowing concurrent resolution:
Retolved by the Home of Representative*. (the Senate
concurring,) That two thousand copies of the report
on the Paris exposition, ordered March 3, 1868, be
for the use of the House.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
object. It is a report from the Printing Com-
mittee, and is before the House.
Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to have the reso-
lution put npon its passage.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 179.
The question was pot; aqd there were, on a
division—ayes 61, noes 28; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER under the rule ordered tell-
ers; and appointed Mr. Kelsey and Mr.
Mungen.
The Honse again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 94, noes 22.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
, So the concurrent resolution was agreed to.
Mr. MUNGEN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the concurrent resolution was agreed
to; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
j examined and found trnly enrolled bills of the ;
, following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
I A bill (S. No. 414) declaring the construction j
of an act to incorporate the National Theo-
> logical Institute, approved May 10,1866, and :
I also an act to amend an act entitled "An act |
to incorporate the National Theological Insti- '
tute, and to define and extend the powers of |
the same," approved March 2, 1867;
A bill (S. No. 589) for incorporating a
hospital for fonndlings in the city of Washing-
ton -, and
A bill (S. No. 226) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Homeopathic Medical Society.
Mr. FERRISS. I call for the regular order.
REPORT Or THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. POLAND. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his call for the regular order for a
moment, to allow me to take a Senate concur-
rent resolution from the Speaker's table.
Mr. FERRISS. I will hear what it is.
Mr. POLAND. The concurrent resolution
is for the printing of tho usual number of
copies of the report of the Smithsonian Insti-
tution. I ask unanimous consent that it be
taken from the Speaker's table.
There was no objection; and the concurrent
resolution having been taken from the Speak-
er's table, was read, as follows:
i® the sskats op the united states,
March 31. 1870.
Retolvtd by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That thirteen thousand additional
copies of the report of the Smithsonian Institution
for the year 1883 be printed—three thousand for the
use of the Senate, fire thousand for the use of the
House, and five thousand for the use of the Smith-
sonian Institution: Provided, That the aggregate
number of pages of said report to be printed shall
not exceed four hundred and fifty, and that thero
shall be no illustrations except those furnished by the
Smithsonian Institution.
The SPEAKER. Unless there is unani-
mous consent to agreeing to the resolution it
must go, under the rule, to the Committee on
| Printing.
Mr. POLAND. I think there will be no
[ objection.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object,
j The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
i resolution will be referred to the Committee
on Printing.
GRANVILLE M. D0DGK.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table, in order to
have it referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, the letter from the Secretary of War,
asking that an appropriation of $5,000 be made
to enable the Secretary of War to satisfy a
judgment obtained againstGranville M. Dodge,
fate an officer of the United States,and others,
for acts done by them in the line of their duty.
There was no objection ; and the letter from
the Secretary of War was taken from the
Speaker's table, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
LOUISIANA ELECTION CA8E.
Mr. FERRISS. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the busi-
ness pending yesterday afternoon at the time the
House took a recess, being the report of the
Committee of Elections upon the Louisiana
election case of J. H. Sypher. Upon this
question the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ste-
venson] is entitled to the floor for five min-
utes remaining of his time.
Mr. KERR. I understood the gentleman
to say yesterday that he had concluded his
remarks npon this subject.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have no disposition
to occupy the attention of the House at this
time.
The SPEAKER. Then the House will pro-
ceed to vote upon the resolution, which will be
read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That J. H. Sypher is entitled to a seat as
a Representative in the forty-First Congress from
the first district of Louisiana.
Mr. FITCH. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] to permit me to offer a sub-
stitute for this resolution, declaring that no
valid election was held in this district, and that
no one is entitled to be admitted to a seat as
Representative-elect.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent, as the previous question is
operating.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
The question was then taken upon the adop-
tion of the resolution; and upon a division
there were—ayes 45, noes 48; no quorum
voting.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, let us have the
yeas and nays; we may as well have them first
as last.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 72,
not voting 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Armstrong, ArneU, Atwood, Ben-
nett, B enton.George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F.Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake,
Cessna, Sidney Clarke, Am&aa Cobb. Clin ton L. Cobb,
Covode, Degener, Die key. Donley, Farnsworth, For-
riss. Fisher, GilfUlan, Hawley, Hays, Heflin, Hill,
Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Judd.Kelley, Kelsey, Knapp,
Lawrence, Logan. Loughridge, Maynaid, McCar-
thy, McCrary, McKee, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore,
Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Mor-
rell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packer, Faine,
Palmer, Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sanford,
Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, William J.
Smith, William Smyth. Starkweather, Stevens, Ste-
venson, Strong, Tafi'e, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell.
Tyner, Upson, Wheeler, Whitmore. Williams, and
Witcher—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Asper, Axtell, Barnum,
Beaman, Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Booker,
James Brooks, Burchard, Calkin, Cleveland, Con-
fer, Conner, Cowles, Cox, Dickinson, Dox, Eldridgfe,
erry, Finkelnburg, Fitch, Fox, Getz, Gibson, Gris-
wold, Haight, Hambleton, Hamill, Harris, Hay,
Holman, Jenckes. Johnson^Thomas L. Jones. Korr,
Knott, Laflin, Marshall, McCormick, McKenzie,
McNeely, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Packard,
Piatt, Poland, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rogiers,
Sargent, Schumaker, Sherrod, Joseph S. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stiles, Swann, Sweeney,
Tanner. Trimble. Van Trump, Voorhees, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn. Wells,Willard, Eugene M. Wil-
son, Wood, and Woodward—72.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beatty, Ben-
jamin, Blair. Boles, Bowen, Boyd, Buffinton, Burr,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Coburn, Cook, Crebs,
Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Dixon,Dockery, Duval,Dyer,
Ela, Garfield, Haldeman, Hale, Hamilton, Hawkins,
Heaton, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones,
Julian, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lash, Lynch, Mayham,
McGrew, Mimes, Morphis. Samuel P. Morrill,
Morrissey, Perce, Peters, Porter, Rice, Ridgway,
Schenck, Scofield, Porter Sheldon, Shober, Slocum,
John A. Smith, Stokes, Stone, Stoughton. Strader,
Strickland, Taylor, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van
Wyclt, Ward. William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wilkinson, John T. Wilson, Winans, and Win-
chester—76.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WINCHESTER said: On this ques-
tion I am paired with Mr. Dyer, of Missouri:
he would vote "ay" if present, and I would
vote "no."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was informed by the
gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Burr, thathe was
paired with the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, Mr. Cobb.
