2 m
TAB CONGBESSIONJuL GLOBE.
April 20,
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. I paired
with Mr. Burs with the distinct understand-
ing that election cases should not be included
in the pair.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not know whether
the pair covered election cases or not. I merely
wished to call the attention of the gentleman
to the subject.
The SPEAKER. The subject of pairing of
members is exclusively a personal matter,
within the control of members, and not for the
consideration of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I merely wished to call
the attention of the gentleman to the subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, when his name was
called, said: I have not examined the report
in this case.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must not
argue the question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will follow the
report of the committee and vote ay."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] must be aware, as an
old member of this House, that he is entirely
out of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is not out of order
to vote " ay."
The SPEAKER. It is entirely out of order
for the gentleman to give any reason for his
vote upon the roll-call.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the House adopted
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote
with the majority?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I did not.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman has
no right to move a reconsideration.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
I also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. And on that
question I call for the yeas and nays.
Mf. KELSEY. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Steves-son] will withdraw his motion
and permit Mr. Sypher to be sworn in.
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw the motion
to reconsider and table, and ask that the gentle-
man from Louisiana be now sworn in.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object to
this person being sworn in.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to object, the House having just adopted
a resolution declaring him to be entitled to a
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object
upon the ground that this man is hot a resident
of the State of Louisiana, but is a resident of
the State of Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. The examination and re-
port of the Committee of Elections have pre-
cluded all further objection.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I also object
on the ground that a bargain haB been made
with the iron interest of Pennsylvania to have
his vote on that side. [Laughter on the Repub-
lican sideof theHouse, and cries of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Louisiana is present he is entitled, under the
resolution just adopted, to be sworn in.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of privilege;
at least I think it is one; the Chair can rule
on it. I hold in my hand a protest which is
being signed now by members upon this side
of the House against the admission of this
party. I ask to have it read.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
Mr. COX. I ask simply to have it read.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object; the gentle-
men have given their protests by their votes.
The SPEAKER. The adoption of the reso-
lution by the House precludes all further action
except upon a motion to reconsider. The Chair
holds that nothing is in order between the
adoptjon of the resolution and the swearing in
of the member except a reconsideration of
the vote by which the resolution wag adopted.
Has the gentleman any motion to offer ?
Mr. COX. I respectfully submit to the Chair
that in matters of an extraordinary nature the
custom of parliamentary bodies is to allow a
protest to be entered on the Journal. This
protest will be signed by a great body of the
members, upon this side of theHouse at least.
I ask to have it read.
Mr. STEVENSON. At the proper time I
I shall not object.
The SPEAKER. The protest can be enter-
; tained at any time, as well a week hence as at
this moment. If objected to it cannot be enter-
; tained now.
Mr. KELSEY. It is objected to.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
to carry out the order of the House.
! Mr. COX. Then I withdraw it for the pres-
ent and will present it again when it shall have
| been signed by other members.
Mr. STILES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
_ Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think this is an occa-
sion of sufficient solemnity to induce the House
to adjourn.
Mr. STILES. I demand the yeas and nays
on my motion.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope we
shaH have the yeas and nays. It is the only
way in which we can argue.
[ The yeas and nays were ordered.
! > The question was taken: and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 41, nays 119, not voting
66; as follows:
_ YEAS—Messrs. Adams, B eck, Biggs, Bird, James
Brooks, Calkin, Cleveland, Cox. Dickinson, Dox,
Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Gibson. Griswold, Haight,
Havnbleton, llamill, Holman, Johnson, Thomas L.
J ones, Kejr.Knott, Marshal 1, McCormick, McN eely,
Mungen, Niblack, Potter, Randall, Sherrod, Stiles,
Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Trump, Wells,
Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, "Wood, and Wood-
ward—41.
N AYS—Messrs. Allison. Armstrong, Arnell, Asper,
Atwood,Axtell,Beaman,Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett,
Benton, Bingham, Booker, George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler, Cake, Cessna, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb,
Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Conner, Covode,
Cowles, Cullom, Degener, Diokey, Dixon, Dockery,
Donley, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss. Ferry, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hamilton, Harris, '
Hawkins, Hftwley, Hay, Hays, Heflin, Hill, Hoar,
Hoge, Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H. |
J ones, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey.Knapp, Laflin,
Lawrence, Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Crary, McKee. McKeniie, Mercur, Eliakim H. 1
Moore, Jesse H. Moore. William Moore, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill. Morrissey, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser, Reeves,
Roots, Sanfora, Sargent, Sawyer, Sehenck, Lionel A.
Sheldon, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stokes, Strong, Taffe. Tanner, Tillman, Townsend,
Twiehell, Tyner, Upson, William B. Washbnrn, !
Welker, Wheeler, Willard, Williams, Jolin T. Wil- j
son, and Witeher—119. I
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler,. Ames, Archer, ;
Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Barry, Blair, Boles,
Bowen, Boyd, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Churchill, :
William T. Clark, Cook, Crebs, Davis, Dawee, Duval, !
Dyer. Fitch, Haldeman, Hale, Heaton, Hotohkiss, !
Julian, Ketcham, Lash, Logan, Lynch, Mayham,
McGrew. Milnes, Morgan, Morphis, Negley, Perce,
Peters, Porter, Rice, Ridgway, Rogers, Schumaker, !
Scofield, Shanks. Porter Sheldon, Shober, Slocum, i:
burn, Whitmore, Wilkinson, and Winans—66.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MOORE; of Illinois. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution admit-
ting Mr. Sypher to his seat was adopted.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote
with the majority ?
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I did.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion is in
orders
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I move the pre-
vious question on my motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 79, nays 83, not voting
64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Armstrong, Arnell. Atwood, Ben-
nett, Benton, Buck, Buckley, Burdett, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake. Cessna. Sidney
Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Cowles. Deg-
ener. Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Ela. Ferris?, Fisher,
Gilfillan. Hamilton, Hawley, nays, Heflin, IIour!
Hoge, Hooper, Alexander 11. Jones, Judd. Kelley,
Kelsey, Knapp. Lawrence, Loughridge, Maynard]
McCarthy, McKee, Mercur,Eliakim H.Moore.Wii-
liam Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill,
Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots. Sanford, Sawver,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, William J. Smith, Wil-
liam Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Strong, Taffe, Taylor, Tillman. Townsend. Twiehell,
Upson, Van Horn, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson,
! Williams, and Witeher—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Asper, Axtell,
[ Barnum, Beaman, Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird,
; Booker, Boyd, James Brooks. Buffinton, Burchard,
Calkin, Cleveland. Conger, Conner, Cox, Cullom,
Dickinson, Dockery, Dox, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gib-
son, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton,
Hamill. Harris, Hawkins, Hay, Hill, Holman,
Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Laflin, Lynch, Marshall, McCormick, McKenzie,
McNeely, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Orth, Packard, Potter, Randall, Reeves,
I Rogers, Sargent, Schumaker, Sherrod, Joseph S.
Smith, W orthington C. Smith. Stiles, Strader, S wann,
Sweeney, Trimble, Tyner, Van Trump, Voorhees,
Cadwalader C.Washburn, Wells, Willard, Eugene
M. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—83.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Allison. Ambler, Ames,
Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beatty, Benjamin,
Blair, Boles, Bowen, George M. Brooks, Burr,
Churchill,. William T. Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb,
Cook, Crebs, Davis, Dawes, Duval,Dyer, Hale, Hea-
ton, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Julian, Kellogg.Ketcham,
Lash, Logan, Mayham, McCrary, McGrew, Milnes,
Morphig, Morrissey, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Poland,
Porter, Rice, Ridgway, Schenck, Scofield, Porter
Sheldon, Shober, Slocum, John A. Smith, Stokes,"
Stone. Stoughton, Strickland, Tanner, Van Auken,
Van Wyck, Ward, William B. Washburn, Welker,
John T. Wilson, Winans, and Winchester—64.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on
the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WINCHESTER said: On this question
I have paired with the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Dybr.]
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the demand for the previous question upon the
motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed the bill (H. R. No. 1335) to admit the
State of Georgia to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States, with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed joint resolution and bills of the
following titles; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 116) instructing
the President to negotiate with the Indians
upon the Umatilla reservation in Oregon ;
An act (S. No. 138) for the relief of Abbott
Q. Robs ;
An act (S. No. 492) to incorporate the trus-
tees of the Corcoran Gallery of Art, and for
other purposes ;
An act (S. No. 689) granting appeals from,
and authorizing the issue of writB of error to,
the supreme court of the District of Colombia
in certain cases therein mentioned; and
An act (S. No. 776) for the relief of Mary
K. Smith.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent that the bill (H. R. No.
183!5) to admit the State of Georgia to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States,
which has just been returned from the Senate
with amendments, be taken from the Speaker's
table for reference to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
Mr. BINGHAM, Mr. ELDRIDGE, and
others objected.
LOUISIANA ELECTION CONTEST.
The SPEAKER. The question reenrs on
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
