962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
thus making the poor man pay higher prices
for these necessaries of life.
By Mr. JULIAN: A petition for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege signed by David
Stout and 42 others, citizens of Whitcomb,
Franklin county, Indiana.
Also, the petition of Cornelius Means and 65
others, citizens of Brookfield, Shelby county,
Indiana, praying Congress to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of James Cotton and 21
others, citizens of Indiana, praying Congress
to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of G. F. McNamee and 78
citizens of New Palestine, Hancock county,
Indiana, praying Congress to abolish the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Thomas J. Parry and
168 others, citizens of Laurel, Franklin county,
Indiana, praying Congress to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of W. A. Cullen and 27
citizens of Rush county, Indiana, praying Con- 1
gress to abolish the franking privilege. j
Also, the petition of Adin K. Bates and 41
others, citizens of Liberty, Union county, ;
Indiana, praying Congress to abolish the frank- '
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of A. Smith and 48 others, '
citizens of Indiana, praying Congress to abol- ;
ish the franking privilege. i
Also, the petition of Hiram Suplee and 37
others, citizens of White Water, Wayne county,
Indiana, praying Congress to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of W. A. Williamson and
67 others, citizens of Lotus, Indiana, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of C. H. Moore and 29
others, citizens of Milton, Wayne county, Indi-
ana, praying Congress to abolish the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of William Davis and 81
others, citizens of East Germantown, Indiana,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of Samuel Davis and 35
others, citizens of New Trenton, Indiana, pray-
ing Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of H. Tillson and 36 others,
citizens of Philadelphia, Hancock county, Indi-
ana, praying Congress te abolish the franking
privilege.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Francis
Pritchard, Lewis McCoy, and 60 others, cit-
izens of Washington county, Indiana, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of Robert
H. Neefus, jr., and 67 others, of Claverack; of
Charles DuBois and 151 others, of Fishkill, on
the Hudson; of R. L. Co# and 38 others, of
North Clove; of I. D. Bostwick and 45 others,
of New Hackensack, New York, for the abo-
lition of the fraukiag privilege.
By Mr. McNEELY: The petition of J. S.
Wilburn and others, citizens of Mason county ;
and of D. J. Wike and others, citizens of Pike
connty, Illinois, asking for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. MORGAN: The memorial of
Samuel Taylor, of Coshocton county, Ohio,
for pennon.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of William P. Prickett and 41 others,
workingmen of Philadelphia, praying for a \
reduction in the duties en tea, coffee, spices,
and other necessaries of life not produced in
this country.
Also, a petition of iron manufacturers, lum-
bermen, and others, of Mifflin county, Pennsyl-
vania, representing over 700 workingmen, pray-
ing for a refutation by Congress of the numerous
erroneous statements in the report of Commis-
sioner "Wells.
Also, a petition of 80 miners and others,
of the Broad Top coal region, Huntingdon
county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
any. change in our tariff laws that would
increase, the relative cost of the necessaries
of life and decrease the value in the home
market of the products of the labor of the
American workingman.
Also, a petition of coal operators, iron
manufacturers, and machinists, of Schuylkill
county, Pennsylvania, representing 686 work-
ingmen, remonstrating against the tariff sched-
ule suggested by Commissioner Wells, which
would raise the cost of the articles which our
laboring men consume while reducing the
market value of the products of their labor.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: The peti-
tion of J. F. Learning and others, of Cape May
Court-House, New Jersey; John Godfrey and
others, of Tuckahoe, New Jersey ; Edward 0.
Leake and others, ofDeerfield, New Jersey;
and Samuel W. Miller and others, of Alloways-
town, New Jersey, for repeal of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The petition of
Edward O'Key and 72 others, citizeus of Mon-
roe county, Ohio, for abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, of A. G. W. Potts and 61 others, citi-
zens of Ohio township, Monroe county, Ohio,
for same.
Also, the petition of Thomas Breckinridge
and 34 others, citizens of Fleming, Washing-
ton county, Ohio, for same.
By Mr. PACKARD: Petitions of citizens
of Wanatah, Indiana, and Bremen, Indiana,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. POMEROY: The petition of Silas
Steinbeck and others, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of E. J. De Vere and
others, of Marengo, Iowa, for the same pur-
pose.
By Mr. READING: A petition of 37 citi- \
zens of Hulmeville, Bucks county, Pennsyl-
vania, for the abolition of the franking privi- j
lege.
Also, a petition of 42 citizens of Upper
Black's Eddy, Bucks county, Pennsylvania, for
the same purpose.
By Mr. REEVES: The petition of George E.
Kock, Joseph Crandall,E. H. DeLanguillette,
and 37 others, citizens of Hicksville, Queens
county, 'New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of David G.<Floyd, Buel G.
Davis, Elias H. Richmond, and 136 others,
citizens of Greenport, Suffolk county, New
York, for the abolition of the franking privi- j
lege. j
Also, the petition of J. W. Hunting, Moses
C. Cleveland, B. H. Booth; and 45 others, citi-
zens of Southold, Suffolk county, New York, j
for the abolition of the franking privilege. !
Also, the petition of Z. Marcy, E. S. Hedges, i
J. C. Corwin, and 63 others, citizens of James-
port, Suffolk county, New York, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of George Howell, S. C.
Rogers, George Hudson, and 91 others, citi- j
zens of Riverhead, Suffolk county, New York, i
for the abolition of the franking privilege. 1
Also, the petition of Stephen Squires, Charles !
A. Halsey, John H. Hildreth, and 43 others, 1
citizens of Water Mill, Suffolk county, New ;
Y ork, for the abolition of the franking privilege. '
Also.the petition of Richard W. Rowland, I
Henry Penny, M. K. Conklin, and 38 others, cit- I
izens of Northport, Suffolk county, New York, i
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, thepetitionof Richard W. Smith,Ham <
Smith, O. F, Sweezey, And 29 others, citizens j
of Coram, Suffolk county, New York, for the
abolition of the franking privilege. !
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of Marysville, California, for the abolition of ,
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Angels, Cali- ■
fornia, for the same purpose. I
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Daniel:
Bowman and 99 others^ of New Lebanon, Ohio, i
praying for the abolition of the franking priv- '
liege.
• Also, the petition of James B< Spence and '
43 others, of Murdock, Ohio, praying Congress
to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of B. F. Clark, jr., and 84
others, of Ross, Ohio, praying Congress to
abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of H. P. Door and 75
others, of Somerville, Ohio, praying Congress
to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. SCHUMAKER : A petition of 200
persons of the town of New Utrecht, New
York, for the abolition of the franking priv.
ilege.
Also, a petition of 100 persons of the town
of Gravesend, New York, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bay Ridge
! New York, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. SHANKS: The petition of J. o.
Quick and 21 others, of Harrison Fort, Henry
county, Indiana, asking the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. J. Konn and 307
others, of Fort Wayne, Indiana, asking the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Michael Bader, post-
master at Redking, Indiana, and 51 others
asking the repeal of the franking privilege. '
Also, the petition of David Wilson and 59
others, of Dudley township, Henry county
Indiana, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Joliet Luellin, post-
master at Rodgersville, Indiana, and 64 others
asking the repeal of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of R. Clark and 68 others
of Zanesville, Indiana, asking the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of John Drugoo, postmaster,
and 106 others, of Grenville, Delaware county,
Indiana, asking the repeal of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of L. L. Duncan and 108
others, of Raysville, Indiana, asking the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition ofH. Z. Jenkins, post-
master, at Pennville, Indiana, and 106 others,
asking the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: Six petitions of
H. M. Dean, M. D., and 537 others, citizens
of Muscatine, Iowa, asking for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of James W. Kirwin and
79 others, citizens of Springville, Linn county,
Iowa, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, the petition of H. Green and 66 others,
citizens of Monmouth, Jackson county, Iowa,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William Jess, post-
master at Garryowen, Jackson county, Iowa,
and 42 others, citizens of that place, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SPINK : The petition of George B.
Trumboand others, citizens of Dakota Terri-
tory, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of John Bachelder, of Norwich, Connecticut,
asking for the extension of a patent.
Also, a petition of the Norwich Lock Manu-
facturing Company, asking for the reduction of
the duty on steel.
Also, a petition of citizens of Norwich, New
London, Thompson, and other towns in Con-
necticut, asking for the repeal of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. STILES : A petition of citizens of
Horsham township, Montgomery county,Penn-
sylvania, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of E. N.
Hatch and others, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. TILLMAN: A memorial from citi-
zens of Marshall county, fourth district of Ten-
nessee, asking for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. VAN AUKEN: A petition of sun-
