1906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
ing ; that others besides those who dwell in
the West find that the most exhaustive toil
does not remunerate them; that the richest
and most ample returns of crops or labor are
all consumed in taxes and tariff's ; and that it
is absolutely necessary to make common cause
•within constitutional bounds if we expect to
win an honorable and enduring victory in
"behalf of the great labor and agricultural in-
terests of the country. The West cannot carry
forward this work successfully alone, with all
her unmeasured mental resources, nor can the
East, much less the South. Therefore it
behoove3 us to inquire into the necessity, the
practicability, and the legality of every pro-
posed movement, so that in each advance we
may feel assured that we have violated 110 pro-
visions of law, common sense, or expediency.
By those who urge action on the part of
Congress in this matter, the necessity of some
action, either in building new roads or con-
trolling old ones, rather than its practicability
is constantly pressed. They insist that all
these great monopolies, controlling various
lines in many Slates, have become so power-
ful as to be able to control, and do control the
Legislatures of those States, thereby prevent-
ing any protection against wrong, or redress
for grievous exactions and impositions. It is
urged that in consequence of their enormous
wealth they corrupt these State Legislatures
and fashion all legislation to their own partic-
ular will. If this charge be true our country
has become sadly and, I fear, hopelessly degen-
erate. Can it be that tho virtue of the people
has become so weakened, that it has so rap-
idly declined, that honorable men are justified
in making assertions defaming and blackening
the character of great States? Is this fo be
the character of the chapter in our history to
be furnished by such States as Iowa, Wiscon-
sin, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and
New York? >
This state of public affairs in those localities,
these loud and long-continued complaints of
corruption, implying the hideous crime of
bribery, elicits the remark that lladicalism has
not proved itself the salt of the earth; that the
professions of sanctity from that quarter have
been, to some extent at least, without founda-
tion, and that in very material points of view
it stands condemned out of its own mouth.
For many years the Kadical party has had tho
ascendency in all the States except one through
which theso gigantic corporations run. Then-
power has been completely overwhelming, so
that it seems strange now to hear sucb con-
fessions as we have listened to fall from the
lips of any of the leaders of the loyal leagues.
In every State they have had full opportunity to
exercise all the graces of their party creed for
many years, so that to find the startling words of
corruption, venality, and bribery written by their
own hands awakens the reflection that loyalty
to the institutions of tho country is not always
with those who are constantly professing it with
their lips. I do not thus refer to this charge
of corruption so much to upbraid any for their
follies or crimes as to suggest the necessity of
most men cultivating a spirit of forbearance
and forgiveness.
But taking it for granted that this charge
against the State Legislatures is true and that
the necessity is as great as has been insisted,
will relief be obtained by introducing the sub-
ject-matter in these Halls? Can Congress do
what the State Legislatures have by corrup-
tion been prevented from doing? This clearly
admits of inquiry. I apprehend none will feel
mortified or hostile when 1 say that the same
party is supreme in Congress that has been for
years in the States complained of. Those on
the other side who have brought this issue here
no doubt intend to look the facts in the face
honestly. Therefore, right at the threshold, we
are met with ihe suggestion that if these com-
bined corporations can control the action of all
the State Legislatures, will they not also be
equally able to control Congress? If there
be such an absence of correet and high-toned
moral principle in the many hundreds of men
guiding the destinies of the States what have
we to justify the belief that this body will be
less susceptible to the same impressions?
Proceeding, then, it will be observed that in
a large number, if not a majority of instances,
the State Legislatures are made the stepping-
stones to high ambition. Many of the leading
men in this Hall had their first experience in
public affairs in their own State capitol. This
may be said of not a few who are honored with
seats on this floor. Considering the necessity of
the case, then, what advantage will be gained
from bringing the question here ? The same per-
sons who elect the members of the different State
Legislatures electRepresentatives in Congress,
and these same Legislatures, who it is alleged
are corrupted and bribed by the great railroad
monopoly combinations, elect the members
who are occupying the Chamber at the other-
end of this building.
Will the interests of the toiling millions be
any safer in the hands of this body, at a great
distance comparatively from the people, than
in the hands of their respective State Legis-
latures ? If they have men of honesty enough
to do right can they not elect them as well to
one office as to another ? Men of strict integrity
can be trusted as well in one responsible posi-
tion as another, as well in the Legislature of
Ohio or Indiana as in Congress; a change of
locality cannot change a proper sense of duty.
These considerations alone dispel ail assump-
tions of any necessity for bringing into Con-
gress the question of creating or controlling
railroad corporations. And if there bea neces-
sity ever so urgent—that is, if a wrong does
exist, if combinations of men are taking advan-
tage of the just rights of the people—this is not
the quarter to apply for relief.
However, 011 the other side it is insisted that
the necessity is so controlling that if Con-
gress will only exercise some implied power
or function it will be found in practice to work
most harmoniously and beneficially. This
brings us, therefore, face to face with the ques-
tion, will it be practicable for Congress to en-
gage in the work of controlling and regulating
the fares and freights of the railroads; the
speed of the trains; tho number of stops each
train shall make between New York, Chicago,
or Sacramento; the number of times they shall
violate the Sabbath; and also of chartering
great railroad corporations, giving them the
power to take the land of the citizens in the
respective States from ocean to ocean, and
thereon to construct places of business, ware-
houses, depots, machine-shops, and dwellings,
amenable to no one but the United States?
Do the people of this country want to see any
such gigantic, if not hideous monster created
in our country? If I have any appreciation
of the history of such consolidated enterprises,
molded by a single hand, nothing can possi-
bly be conceived more hostile to the great
interests of the laborer and farmer. It may
be that this work will prove to be plainer and
simpler in its details than I now conceive it
will; yet I apprehend that gentlemen who so
strenuously persist in engaging in it do not
fully comprehend the immensity of the task,
the amount of time and labor it will require
at our hands, and the voluminous legislation
to perfect any general system, if that be pos-
sible, throughout a country of such varied cli-
mate and uneven surface as ours, or to pass
special laws suitable to every case.
Has Congress so little on its hands now that
this doubtful issue must be brought here also ?
Look at the commerce of our country, ac-
knowledged on all sides to be within the" juris-
diction of Congress, taxing the best energies
of this House for long periods of time, and yet,
notwithstanding its supreme importance to tho
country, final and definite action concerning it
delayed, to the mortification and detriment of
great numbers. And there is the question of
taxation, a fruitful theme for discussion, one
that has awakened more interest among the
people than perhaps all others, yet it has not
been presented for our consideration, though
that it will be has been somewhat dimly fore-
shadowed, notwithstanding we have been in
session full eleven weeks. Turn, then, to the
appropriation bills. For days did we labor
faithfully on their various provisions, and now
pending in the Senate. We &re hastening to
the middle of the fourth month of our session
without giving more than passing, transient,
thought to the absorbing questions of reduc-
tion of the public debt, the proper adjustment,
of the currency on a convertible basis, the 1 em-
ulation of the banking interest with the wants
of the people, and the changing of the tariff
rates so that the consumers may enjoy a profit
and the Government a revenue.
Now, with these and many similar subjects,
increasing in magnitude every year, who, upon
due reflection, can possibly be in earnest when
he asks for more, unless there be both a clear
necessity and also a constitutional sanction.
Now, who will seriously say that to all these
shall be added the great railroad interests of
the country? Saying nothing about right or
power, let Congress assume control of these
affairs and our sessions will be without a re-
cess if we were to pretend to consider half the
complaints, petitions, remonstrances, and ap-
peals which from the nature of the case would
llow 111 upon us from all quarters. All the
railroads in the country will be affected, con-
sequently all will be interested ; for what affects
the larger roads will the smaller, the smaller
in every case being in some way and to some
extent connected with the larger. Will not
their demands be great, and their persistence
in making them long-continued ? How will
you resist them ? What barriers will you erect
against their approach to this Capitol? How
will you close these great corridors to their
ingress ?
It is claimed that the value of the railroad
interests in this country exceed by several hun-
dred millions the total amount of public debt,
which ia about twenty five hundred million dol-
lars. Will not men who represent such an
aggregate of wealth as this be able to command
and concentrate the most prodigious influences,
and to bring them to bear in any direction thai
may be desired? Its voice will come up from
all parts of the land, wherever the enterprise
of man may construct the railroad, making and
insisting upon the same demand ; for when
Congress has embraced this interest it must
embrace all. The same restrictions must be
imposed upon all, the same favors extended to
all, the same bounties granted to all, the same
subsidies given to all. Any other policy would
be preposterous, and would speedily bring the
Government into contempt. The first observa-
tion of the thoughtful, therefore, is that all
competition whatsoever would be destroyed.
Then what? The least sagacious will see
that the politics of the country would at once
pass into the hands of the giant railroad mo-
nopoly. Nothing certainly can be conceived,
judging from our own brief history, to prevent
them, with their billions of capital and hundreds
of thousands of salaried officers, workmen,
and retainers, scattered throughout the various
States, from sending many men to this branch
of Congress, and enough to fill the other, who
would regard it as then- chief duty to fix fare
and freights to suit the profits and convenience
of the monopoly. And on which side would
they stand in a presidential contest? Where
their interests are, and only there. Then what
would become of the rights and interests of
the toiling millions? Who would plead their
cause? And il" an advocate were found he
would be confronted by the grandest monopoly
the world ever saw, not only intrenched behind
the forms of law, but loudly asserting that
it truly represents those interests which the
laborers would have protected.
Therefore, if my apprehensions of the power
and influence which such combined monoiio
