1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1907
lies, all being governed by general laws and
consequently all seeking the same object, would
have over Congress be true, the toiling agri-
culturists of the West and Capitol visitors seek
for protection from the wrong source. If the
State Legislatures have proved impotent to save
the people from unjust demands and exorbi-
tant charges the fault must be with the people.
They fail to select honest men to represent
them in their State Legislatures. The States
surely have the power to redress every such
wrong or to provide against its continuance,
and if it be not done it is only because the power
is not exercised, as it should be, by honest and
faithful men. It were better then, in view of
these considerations, to purify the seats of
power in the respective States more imme-
diately under the eye of the people, than to
remove the field of contest far away from the
people, so that they will not have such direct
and certain control over the action of those
chosen to represent them.
In considering the practicability of this ques-
tion there is another view which the ordinary
business man and laborer will perhaps more
readily appreciate. I refer to the enforcement
of his just rights under whatever laws may be
passed by Congress, in case control of the sub-
ject be assumed. Whatever rights may be
granted to the citizen by Congress they can
only be enforced in the courts of the United
States. This, many have already learned to
their sorrow, is very slow, tedious, and expens-
ive. To confine the questions arising between
the company and the landowner, or passenger,
or freighter to the different State courts would
perhaps involve as many contradictions as
States, so that whenever a train of cars passed
an imaginary line different legal principles will
apply to all concerned. Such being the gov-
erning rule those who would need the aid and
protection of the law most, the poor man, the
laborer and farmer, would really be without the
law, because of the great distance of the courts
of justice from the in and of the expense inci-
dent to prosecuting claims in them. Look at
the hardship imposed upon the citizen of a
distant county to the seat of justice who has
suffered from illegal charges by the Erie rail-
road going to Trenton to obtain redress. On
his return, although judgment may have been
rendered in his favor, it is scarcely to be sup-
posed that he would respect his country more,
in all probability having expended the profits
of many years to obtain a judgment of a few
dollars.
Another not less important view under this
head is the depressing effect that action by this
body, assuming control of these interests, will
have upon all the railroad enterprises through-
out the land. In this phase of the question
the people must be quick to discern what will
inevitably follow. Ttie energy which has here-
tofore characterized this great branch of in-
dustry in every section must rapidly decline.
Do I hear it said that by the passage of gen-
eral laws the genius and enterprise of every
community will be stimulated and protected /
It would certainly seem so at first blush. But
as certainly as a few great rivers receive and
carry all the waters of many thousands of
smaller streams to the ocean, so would a few
great wealthy railroad corporations, taking
advantage of any of the multitude of adverse
circumstances constantly arising in the early
history of all such undertakings, swallow up
every road of feeble or uncertain growth.
Again, if Congress assumes these preroga-
tives all State independence is at once stricken
down. There will be forever an end to all
State enterprise. No individual or collection
of individuals will for a moment venture to
project and carry onward any public improve-
ment except under Federal favor and patron-
age ; aud, as already intimated, this would
soon be beyond the reach of all but the favored
/CW.
On this branch of the subject I have but one
thought more to bring before the House. It
has occurred to me that possibly the gentle-
men from the West who have united so heart-
ily in expressionsof condemnation of the course
pursued by the great railroad corporations and
in asking congressional interference,-have not
fully measured the difficulties and counted the
obstructions in their pathway to wealth and
fortune. I am not sure but that-they are labor-
ing to remove sand hills while mountains lay
just beyond. .1 fear the farmers< of the West
forget, if their advocates in this Hall truly rep-
resent them, that the legislation of the last ten
years has made them the pack-horses of the
country. I am not surprised that they are
galled and wince under the enormous load
which has too long been imposed. The mount-
ain beyond, the enormous load weighing so
heavily, is the blighting and destructive pro-
tective tariff. Almost everything that enters
into the construction, equipment, repairing,
and maintaining a road, from the knife and
fork, or shovel and pick, or tea and coffee, or
shirt or mitten of the rough laborer on the
track to car wheels, car-springs, railroad bars,
and engines, have the marks of a most exor-
bitant tariff. Aud all these tariff impositions
run on down like water through a sieve until
they fall upon the farmer and laborer. The
increased demands of every employer, includ-
ing every track hand, mechanic, conductor,
and engineer, are all charged up to the account
of the farmer. Is it unreasonable, therefore,
to inquire if it he not very probable that a
large proportion of the several millions which
the western farmers are represented to have
paid have not gone to enrich other monopolies
besides the railroad corporations? It strikes
me that you might as well complain of your
dry-goods merchant, importer, groceryman,
leather dealer, or blacksmith.
But the more important question remains;
that is, the legal right of Congress to exercise
any such power as is here invoked. I trust
there is no disposition to pass this bill regard-
less of the law and of constitutional inhibi-
tions. I trust that if there exists serious doubts
due consideration will be given to the rights
of the States as well as to the powers of Con-
gress. I most earnestly implore my fellow-
laborers on this floor not to yield themselves
to the spirit of the last few years any longer.
For the welfare of our common country, for
the sake of our free institutions, do not invoke
the spirit of dreadful war any longer. It would
be mortifying to believe that the precedents
for congressional power, in many doubtful
enactments for years past, are to be the rule
for our future action.
But my fears have been excited in this be-
half. Many men, who before the war would
have rejected many extreme propositions, now
seem disposed to stand by them, simply be-
cause they were deemed essential to the suc-
cessful prosecution of the war. Why continue
the war power now? Why invoke its aid in
time of peace? Why persist in still wielding
the strong rough arm that inevitably produces
so many violent changes in the honored and
cherished institutions of the land? What was
done or undone during the war will not be more
valued or praised by insisting upon doubtful
and extraordinary acts in time of peace. If
many of those extraordinary measures are sus-
tained by the verdict of posterity they will only
be on the ground that they were authorized
by the war power. Then let it- be so under-
stood. Let our fellow-citizens know, let all
the world know, that it is so understood by
the law-makers of the country. Certainly we
can now return to the ancient ways. The land-
marks of the fathers will be safe. They fol-
lowed them faithfully, and we all rejoiced in
what they achieved.
But I have heard with pain that because of
the war the nature of this Government and the
powers of Congress have undergone a great
and radical change. Can this be possible?
What possible change has be,en .wrought be-
yond the adopted amendments? Besides these,
are not all the rules of action precisely,, fhe
same? Was our Government of sucha n&|ure
that the ^ lapse of a few years produc.es great
changes in its administration? was it so feebly
constructed, that it could riot stand the shock
of war ; and because of individual and bloody
conflicts Congress .may assume hew and un-
giranted powers? In my humble judgment our
honor will be be'st vindicated;and o,ur national
growth-best assured by returning .'at. oiiae to
the footsteps of our fathers. ' . '
Mr. Speaker, the conviction is deeply im-
pressed upon my mind that until' Congress
comes to regard the just rights of the States
consistent with the perpetuity of the Union
all discussion upon questions of constitutional
law are in vain. While the assertion that the
States are nothing is echoed and reechoed from
a vast majority of this House, why illustrate
an argument with quotations from the solemn
opinions of Justices and Chief Justices of
the Supreme Court, or from the Constitution
itself?
"There was a time when the formal adjudica-
tions of the Supreme Court and the plain read-
ings of the Constitution had controlling influ-
ence with all ^intelligent persons except the
class of men called nullifiers ; but ^t this day
a passage from the Arabian Nights or Don
Quixote elicits much more attention, and, I
fear, greater consideration. And those among
the Republicans who pretend to quote the
Supreme Court and to abide by the Consti-
tution have discovered' a cure for all ills in
the phrase " promote the general welfare."
There is no creed, however new or frightful, no
ism, however strange or destructive, nor any
ambitious desire, however revolutionary or des-
potic, but is found to spring dirfectly from this
exhaustless store of constitutional wisdom.
This fountain never fails the demands of the
wildest Republican imagination. To the mind
of the Radical this was provided for every
necessity. Notwithstanding the long period
of time occupied by our ancestors in adjust-
ing and determining the powers of the Gen-
eral Government, this little phrase, " the gen-
eral welfare." was nevertheless inserted, not
as the slightest barrier or restraint, not to
thwart the designs of bad rulers, but rather, it
would seem, with the.sole intent of allowing
Congress at any time to further adjust and
determine what powers they should exercise.
Seeing so large a majority of this House, with
many able men, influenced by these views, it
appears to be utterly useless to turn to the law
and ask attention to the opinions which influ-
ence learned and upright men in the earlier,
if not better days of the Republic.
But believing that Radicalism has carried
the public mind to the utmost limit, if we are
not yet on the return to sober reason, I will
undertake to present what I regard as'well-
settled law. Some gentlemen claim that Con-
gress should take charge of all the great
through lines of railroad, regulating the
charges thereof; while others, as in this case,
go so far as to insist that Congress should cre-
ate corporations authorizing them to construct
railroads, giving them by charter all the rights
necessary to that end. Therefore the ques-
tion arises, is Congress clothed with power to
do either of these things? Aside from that
claim of power which enables Congress to
do all things, the special advocates of these
measures refer to one of the clauses of section
eight, article one, of the Constitution, which
says that Congress shall have power " to reg-
ulate commerce with foreign nations ' and
among the several States and with the Indian
tribes." To this clause, I believe, the cl4im
of power is limited. ...
The title given to this bill,,calling it a mili-
tary and postal road, will not deceive any.
No war is threatened. I trust fione is con-
templated. What, then, under this clause, is
