1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2851
Moore] to reconsider the vote by which the
House adopted the resolution declaring Mr.
Sypher entitled to a seat.
Mr. STEVENSON. On that question I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 80, not voting
61; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer. Asper,
Axtell. Barnum, Beaman, Beck, Biggs. Bingham,
Bird, Booker, Boyd, James Brooks, Bullinton, Bur-
chard, Calkin, Cleveland, Cook, Conger, Conner,
Cox, Cullom, Dickinson, Dockery, Dox, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Finkelnburg. Fitch, Fox, Gar-
field, Getz, Gibson, Griswold, Haight, Ilaldeman,
Hambleton, Hamill, Harris, Hawkins, Hay, Hill,
Holman, Jenckes, Johnson,Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Knott, Laflin, Lynch, Marshal,McCormick, McKen-
lie, McNecly, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Mungen,
Niblack, Orth, Packard, Potter, Randall, Rogers,
Sargent, Schumaker. Sherrod, John A. Smith, Jo-
sephs. Smith, WorthingtonC. Smith, Stiles, Strader,
Swann, Sweeney, Tanner. Trimble. Van Trump,
Voorhees. Cadwalader C. Washburn, AVells, Willard,
Eugene M. Wilson. Wood, and Woodwajd—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Armstrong, Arnell, Atwood, Bar-
ry, Bennett.Benton, George II. Brooks, Buck, Buck-
ley, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. But-
ler, Cake, Cessna. Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb,
Covode. Degener, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Ela, Fer-
riss. Fisher, Gilfillan, Hamilton, Hawley, Hays,
Heflin, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Judd, Kelley, Kelsey,
Knapp, Lawrence, Loughridge, Maynard, McCar-
thy, McKee, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, William
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers,
Neglcy, O'Neill, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Perce,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser, Reeves, Roots. Sanford,
Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, William J.
Smith, William Smyth, Stevens, Stevenson, Taffe,
Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Upson, Van
Horn, Ward, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson, and Witcher—80.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Ayer,
Bailey, Banks. Beatty, Benjamin, Blair, Boles,
Bowen, Burr, Churchill, William T. Clark, Clinton
L. Cobb. Coburn, Cowles, Crebbs, Davis, Dawes,
Duval, Dyer, Hale, Heaton, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll,
Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Ketcham,
Lash, Logan, Mayham, McCrary, McGrew, Milnes,
Morphia, Morrissey, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter.
Rice, Ridgway, Schenck, Scofield, Porter Sheldon,
Sh ober.Slocum, Starkweather, Stokes, Stone, StouErh-
ton, Strickland, Strong, Tyner, Van Auken, Van
Wyek, William B. Washburn, AVelker.Winans, and
Winchester—61.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
message from the president.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Porter,
one of his secretaries.
louisiana election case.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
move to recommit the resolution to the sub-
Committee of Elections.
Mr. FITCH. I rise to submit an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be com-
pelled to entertain the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Nevada. The action of the House
deprives the gentleman who reported the res-
olution from the Committee of Elections of
the present control of the case.
Mr. STEVENSON. I addressed the Chair
first.
The SPEAKER. No sooner than the gen-
tleman from Nevada. Under the rules and
practice, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Moore] who moved the successful motion to
reconsider is entitled to the floor, but he has
not claimed it.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I yield the floor
to the gentleman from Nevada.
Mr. CESSNA. I make the point of order
that on the adoption of the resolution the pre-
vious question had been seconded and the main
question ordered, and that, therefore, on the
reconsideration, the resolution so stands now
before the House, and no motion to amend of
any kind is in order.
The SPEAKER. There is a distinct rule
of the House that where a reconsideration
takes place it divests the subject of the opera-
tion of the previous question. The resolution
of the Committee of Elections now stands be-
fore the House as before the previous question
was called. Shall it be agreed to ?
Mr. FITCH. I offer a substitute for the
ponding resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
pending resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Retolved, That J. H. Sypher is entitled to a seat
as a Representative in the Forty-First Congress from
the first district of Louisiana.
The SPEAKER. For that the gentleman
from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] moves the following
substitute.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That there was no valid election held in
the first congressional district of the State of Louis-
iana on the 3d day of November, 1868, and that
neither J. H. Sypher nor L. St. Martin is entitled to
a seat in the Forty-First Congress as Representative
from the first congressional district of the State of
Louisiana.
Mr. FITCH. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SHANKS. I demand a division of the
question on the substitute.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will indi-
cate where he would have it divided.
Mr. SHANKS. It first declares that there
is no valid election, and next that neither
Sypher nor St. Martinis elected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can see no
substantial difference in the two declarations.
In order to secure a division the gentleman
must show essentially distinct propositions.
The resolution was again read.
The SPEAKER. The second part of the
resolution is merely an outgrowth and deduc-
tion from the first part. The Chair rules the
resolution is not divisible.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose the resolution
is divided, and the first part of the resolution
is negatived, then the question will recur on
the second part of the resolution, whether
Sypher or St. Martin is elected.
The SPEAKER, The Chair rules that the
] substitute is not divisible. One part is depend-
ent on the other. If the House declares that
j there was no valid election, then, as a matter
I of course, neither was elected. The second
! part of the resolution is a mere repetition of
the first part, and the Chair rules that it is not
divisible.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it not divisible into
three parts?
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that it is
not divisible at all. A resolution, in order to
be divisible, must contain substantially differ-
ent propositions.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to lay the res-
olution on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
Chair what will be the effect of laying on the
table?
The SPEAKER. The effect of agreeing to
the motion to lay on the table will be to carry
there the two resolutions and the whole sub-
ject.
Mr. STEVENSON. That will be just right.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to make
a parliamentary inquiry. I desire to inquire
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
whether in his opinion there was a valid elec-
tion?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary inquiry, which must be addressed to the
Chair, and not to a member on the floor.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for the yeas and
nays on my motion to lay on the table the res-
olution of the gentleman from Nevada. [Mr.
Fitch.]
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes twenty-two, not a sufficient number voting
affirmatively.
Mr. BENTON. I ask tellers on the yeas
and nays.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes twenty-
three, noes not connted.
So (one fifth of a quorum voting affirm-
atively) tellers were ordered; and Mr. Steven-
son and Mr. Holuan were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-six, noes not counted.
So (more than one fifth of the last vote voting
affirmatively) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 74, nays 96, not voting
56 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Armstrong. Atwood, Barry, Beat-
ty, Bennett, Benton.GeorgeM. Brooks, Buck, Buck-
ley. Burdett, Benjamin F.Butler, RoderickR. Butler.
Cake, Cessna, Coburn, Covode, Degener, Dickey
Dixon, Donley, Ela, Ferriss, Fisher, Gilfillan, Hale
Hamilton, Hawley, Hays, Heflin.Hoar, Hoge,Hoop-
er, J udd, Kelley. Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, Lawrence.
Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Eliakim H. Moore
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers. Neclev'
O'Neill, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Perce, Piatt. Pome-
roy, Prosser, Roots. Sanford, Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel
A. Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Wil-
liam Smyth, Stevenson. Tanner, Taylor, Tillman.
Townsend, Twichell, Upson, Van Horn, Ward,
Wheeler, Whitmore, and Witcher—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Arnell,
Asper, Axtell, Barnum. Beaman, Beck, Biggs, Bing-
ham, Bird, Booker, Boyd, James Brooks, Buffinton,
Burchard, Calkin, Cook, Conger, Conner, Cowles,
Cox, Cullom, Dickinson, Dockery, Dox, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch, Fox, Gar-
field, Getz, Gibson, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman,
Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins, Hay, Hill, Holman.
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Laflin, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Marshall. McCormick, McKeniie, Mc-
Neely, Mercur, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Mungen,
Niblack, Orth, Packard, Peters. Poland, Potter,
Randall, Reeves, Rogers. Sargent, Schumaker, Sco-
field, Sherrod, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Stevens, Stiles, Strader, Swann, Sweeney,
Trimble, Tyner. Van Trump, Voorhees, Cadwalader
C. Washburn. Wells, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams,
Eugene M.Wilson, Wood,and Woodward—96.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Ayer,
Bailey, Banks, Benjamin,Blair, Boles, Bowen, Burr,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleve-
land, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Crebs, Davis,
Dawes, Duval, Dyer, Harris, Heaton, Hotehkiss,
Julian, Ketcham, Lash, Mayham, McCrary, Mc-
Grew,Milnes, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill,Morrissey,
Phelps. Porter, Rice, Ridgway, Schenck, Porter Shel-
don, Shober, Slocum, Starkweather, Stokes, Stone,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Van Auken,
Van Wyck, William B.Washburn, Welker, John T.
Wilson, Wmans, and Winchester—56.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The question recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question on the substitute
offered by Mr. Fitch.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for the yeas and
nays on agreeing to the proposed substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again re-
port the resolution reported from the commit-
tee, and the substitute offered by the gentleman
from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch.]
The Clerk read the resolution reported from
the committee, as follows:
Resolved, That J. H. Sypher is entitled to a seat as
a Representative in the Forty-First Congress from
the first district of Louisiana.
The Clerk also read the substitute offered by
Mr. Fitch, as follows:
Retolved, That there was no valid election held
in the first congressional district of the State of Lou-
isiana on the 3d day of November, 1868, and that
neither J. H. Sypher nor L. St. Martin is entitled to
a seat in the Forty-First Congress as Representative
from the first congressional district of the State of
Louisiana.
The SPEAKER. The question is on agree-
ing to the substitute offered by the gentleman
from Nevada.
Mr. KERR. I hope that under the cir-
cumstances, as the best thing that can be done,
the substitute will be adopted.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. As the previous question
is operating debate is not in order.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentlemen on the
other side can stultify themselves if they will.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is very apparent that
you could not stultify yourself.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 69, not vot-
ing 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer. Asper,
Axtell-Barnum, Beaman, Beatty. Beck, Biggs, Bing-
ham, Bird, Booker. Boyd, Buffinton, Burehara,
Calkin, Cleveland, Coburn, Cook. Conger, Conner,
Cowles, Cox, Cullom, Dickinson, Dockery. Donley,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch,
Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gibson, Haight, Haldeman,
Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, Hamilton. Harris, Haw-
kins, Hay, Hill, Holman, Ingersoll, Jenckes, John-
son, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Kel-
logg, Kerr, Knott, Laflin. Logan, Lynch. Marshall,
