1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47S9
Mr. MARSHALL. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Laflin] for five
minutes.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Marshall.] And right here I ask this
House to solemnly consider what they are about
to do. How came this bill before the House?
How did it pass the House? On a Monday
morning, with a thin House, without even one
minute's debate, a proposition is sprung upon
the House affecting the right of the people,
not only as regards their representation in the
Congress of the United States, but also their
representation in the Electoral College. By
the will of the one individual, we may say, who
offered this joint resolution, the number of
the Representatives of the people in Congress
is determined. And the House of Represent-
atives, by a majority of only two in a vote em-
bracing only about two thirds of the whole
number of the members of this House, with-
out any warning or intimation that such a bill
•was to be introduced, passed a bill of this
character by a majority of but two votes, with-
out any debate, as I have already said, fixing
the number of Representatives in this House
at two hundred and seventy-five.
This bill then wer.t to the Senate, and that
body saw fit to incorporate into it an amend-
ment telling this House—the body most directly
interested in the representation provided for
by this bill—that they would not abide by our
decision and judgment in this matter, but would
increase the number of Representatives from
two hundred and seventy-five, as fixed by the
House, to three hundred.
What sort of a spectacle shall we present to
the American people if a bill like this, involv-
ing rights so dear to the people on this floor
and in the Electoral College is, against all pre-
cedent, to be passed with scarcely any debate
and at the will of a coordinate branch of the
Government? I beg and implore my fellow-
members to consider what we are doing. If
this bill must pass, if we must arrange, con-
trary to all precedent, the representative power
of this body, let us do it with deliberation.
Lot the question go to a committee; let it be
thoroughly examined ; and if upon fair exam-
ination and discussion it meets the judgment
of the House, we must submit.
I do not stand here as the representative of
any jealousy toward the West. I glory in her
rising power; but I implore her Representa-
tives to treat this question with the delibera-
tion it demands. I implore them to reflect
that they propose to clothe the Secretary of
the Interior with the power to determine great
constitutional questions involved in the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States. Are we prepared to invest any
one man with such a power ? 1 have as much
confidence as any man in the judgment and
integrity of the present Secretary of the In-
terior; but where is the man who might not
well shrink from the responsibility of determ-
ining questions thus affecting the vital right
of representation.
Let us stop and reflect what we are about to
do. We are to determine the power of the
different States in the next presidential elec-
tion. We know that the power of this Gov-
ernment is to pass into the hands of our
brethren at the West, and we envy them not
their increase of political influence.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I now yield for five
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
Smith.]
Mi-. SMITH, of Oregon. Mr. Speaker, I
regard this bill as one of very great import-
ance, and believe its passage at this time is
demanded by very urgent consideration of pub-
lic policy and justice, if it can be so shaped as
to avoid possible injustice and wrong. The
object of the measure, as I understand it, is to
secure to all parts of the country in the next
Congress u fair and just representation accord-
ing to population. This seems to me a very
desirable end, and if it can be attained by the
bill I shall very gladly vote for it. But in its
present form it is obnoxious to very grave objec-
tions. I think it is unwise to increase the
number of Representatives to three hundred,
as the bill proposes. 1 also consider it danger-
ous to leave so important a matter as the appor-
tionment of Representatives to any one officer
of the Government, no matter how high in
position or how pure in character; whereas in
the case made by the bill Congress will have
no opportunity for revision or correction.
But, without going further into those ques-
tions, I wish to say that in my opinion the bill
will be much improved by the adoption of the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Marshall.] It will obviate a very grave
objection to it; that is, that in all the States
where the number of Representatives shall
be increased the additional members shall be
elected by the^ State at large. In one State
this increase will be at least six, and in several
others from two to four. Now, this method of
electing these members gives the party having
the majority in those States so manifest an
advantage that it seems to me a sufficient
reason for voting against the bill. By adopt-
ing the cumulative system of voting m those
States, and for this particular election, both
parties have an equal chance of being fairly
represented in the next Congress.
This principle, Mr. Speaker, is not entirely
new in this country, as is contended by some
gentlemen who have spoken against it. Pre-
cisely this principle, as I understand, was acted
upon in the recent election iu the State of New
Yoik. The mode of reaching the result was
different; but the result was precisely the same.
The effect was to give the minority party a rep-
resentation on the judicial bench of the State
of New York. I call the attention of members
of the House, and particularly gentlemen on
my own side, to the fact that this principle was
first applied in this country by the Democratic
party. If I understood the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Cox,] I think he was inac-
curate in the statement he made on this point.
Mr. COX. I made a mistake in saying that
the constitutional convention of New York
adopted a judiciary clause embodying this
principle. 1 beg to correct that statement by
saying that the principle was adopted and ap-
plied by the Democratic Legislature.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. That is the cor-
rection I was about to make. I was about to
say that this principle was first adopted by the
Democratic Legislature of the State of New
York. The prevailing party in that Legis-
lature, well knowing that they had the majority
in the State, conceded to the minority the
right to elect one third of the judges in that
election.
Mr. Speaker, I am not prepared to say
that I would favor the adoption of this prin-
ciple in every State aud at all times. But if
we are to have the next Congress of the Uni-
ted States constituted in accordance with the
population of the different States, then we
ought to adopt this amendment to apply to that
particular election. I can conceive of no case
where injustice would be done, while everyone
can see that by it injustice would be avoided
in many cases. The nearest possible approach
to injustice which occurs to my mind is this :
suppose two Representatives were to be elected
by a State at larg'\ Under existing laws both
of those members would be elected by the
party having the majority in the State. Under
this amendment, if the minority party hadjust
one vote more than one third of the entire vote
polled, that party could elect one of these
Representatives by casting all of their votes
for one of the candidates.
That is the nearest approach to injustice
that could occur, giving to a little more than
one third of the vote one half of the repre-
sentation in that particular case; but it is less
unjust aqd less unfair than to give less than
two thirds of the vote the entire representa-
tion of the State at large. I trust the amend-
ment may prevail, or that tke bill will be
defeated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I wish to make a correction. I
was claiming for the Democratic party of the
State of New York the credit of having ori-
ginated this movement in this country. Let
me read an extract from the report of Mr.
Buckalew, of Pennsylvania:
" For selecting the delegates at large to the New
York constitutional convention, in 1807, a similar
plan was adopted. Upon the recommendation of
Governor fen ton the Legislature provided that
thirty-two delegates at large should be chosen by the
people in addition to the delegates from the repre-
sentative districts, and that in choosing them each
voter should vote for but sixteen. The consequence
was tha' each political party obtained sixteen of the
delegates at large, many of whom could not have
been chosen upon a district plan or upon a general
device ia the ordinary way."
_ So it appears that the New York constitu-
tional convention was elected upon an approx-
imation to this system, and I have said so mfich
in order to do justice to all parties.
Mr. WARD. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to yield to me for a moment; I wish to
make a single suggestion.
Mr. MARSHALL. Make it.
Mr. WARD. This is a most extraordinary
bill. The amendments to it are very import-
ant. I apprehend the better course is to non-
concur in the amendments of the Senate, and
have a good committee of conference on the
part of the House, and see whether a good bill
cannot be suggested to do justice to ail.
Mr. MARSHALL. My friends desire that
I should bring the House "to a vote at this time
on this question ; but as my colleague who has
charge of this matter desires to be heard before
the previous question is seconded, I do not
think it just on my part to deprive him of that
right. Before yielding to him I will say one
wordin addition to what I have already said.
The justice of the proposition now before the
House cannot be controverted. Districts are
formed by this bill in which there will be some
six or seven members to be elected by a gen-
eral ticket. The idea of submitting it on the
principle of throwing all of the representation
to one party or the other is a monstrous outrage
on that portion of the people who will be dis-
franchised. But I will not attempt to elaborate
it. I now yield to my colleague who has had
charge of this bill.
Mr. JQDD. Mr. Speaker, in the remarks I
shall make on the proposition of my colleague
I shall attempt to show that this experiment,
if practicable and permissible under any cir-
cumstances, ought not to be tried in the condi-
tion this bill proposes to place the representation
in the Forty-Second Congress, as practically
this bill only determines the representation
for one congres^onal term. Bui before pro-
ceeding to that point, I desire to say a word
to my friend from New York, [Mr. Laflin,]
who seems so much troubled about the manner
in which this bill passed the House. He seems
to think, and justly so, that it is a very import-
ant measure, and ought to have been fully dis-
cussed. If he was in his place on the 17th of
January last, and for several days preceding
and subsequent to that date, he will recollect
that when the bill for taking the census was
pending and under discussion the question
presented by the proposed legislation was pre-
sented and discussed a part of each session
for several days, whether fully or not is another
question; but it was discussed, and discussed
with earnestness.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say in explana-
tion of my remarks that this question of addi-
tional legislation in reference to the apportion-
ment of the representation was discussed for
months in the special committee created by
the House, and charged with the preparation
of a new law for taking the census.
Mr. WARD. When was this bill discussed?
Mr. JUDD. I resume the floor.
