964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. HARLAN. I present the memorial of
Mrs. Fannie Kelly, who sets forth that she was
captured by the Indians and retained in their
custody for a long time and very greatly abased.
She and her family, a part of whom were killed,
lost a considerable amount of property. She
prays compensation for services rendered to
emigrants, traders, and United States troops
during the time she was held in captivity by the
Indians. I move that the memorial and papers
be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Ordered. That the petition and papers of John
Bullfinch be withdrawn from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. POMERO Y, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Annie B. Ross and
William P. Rosa, exeontors of John Ross, late prin-
cipal chief of the Gherokeenation, betaken from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Eliia Whiting, pray-
ing for a pension, be taken from the files of the Sen-
ate and be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FENTON. I ask that the following
order be made:
Ordered, That House bill. No. 818, Thirty-Ninth
Congress, and Senate Committee on Claims s report
No. 172, together with the papers relating to the
case, be taken from the files of the Senate and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this being a House bill it was trans-
mitted to the Honse at the expiration of the
Congress, and the papers with it. The Senator
can introduce a new bill, a duplicate of the
old one.
Mr. FENTON. But the order is to take
them from the files of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are not
now on the files of the Senate. Being a House
bill, it was returned to the House on the ex-
piration of Congress. The Senator can intro-
duce a new bill, a copy of the old one, and
have it referred. j
REPORTS or COMMITTEES. j
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims, \
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 129) for-1
the relief of Simon Gersman, asked to be dis- j
charged from its further consideration ; which .
was agreed to, and the bill was indefinitely
postponed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 198) for the relief
of Henry A. Messenger, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to, and the bill was indefinitely postr
poned.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Eleanor O.
Wren, praying that the sum of $10,000 maybe
awarded her for services performed during the
rebellion, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to, and the
petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 317) in regard to the resignation of
judges in certain cases, reported adversely
thereon; and the bill was indefinitely post-
poned.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred ^petition of members of the bar
of Galveston, Texas, praying tie passage of an
act to provide for an additional district court
in that district, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to,
and it was ordered to lie on the table.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 271) to punish
contempts of the courts of the United States
in certain cases, reported it without amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 172) to establish
the office of associate judge for the eastern
district of Texas, reported it with amend-
ments. .
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Martha
A. Estill, administratrix of the estate of James
M. Estill, deceased, praying payment of a
balance alleged to be due for beef furnished
the United States Indian commission in Cali-
fornia in 1851 and 1852, submitted a report
thereon, accompanied by a joint resolution,
(S. R. No. 115,) to provide for the payment
of the claim of Martha A. Estill, administra-
trix of the estate of James M. Estill, deceased,
Redick McKee, and Pablo del a Toba. The
joint resolution was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an
abstract of the report of John G. Pratt, Uni-
ted States Indian agent, upon claims for stock
stolen from the Delaware Indians since 1854,
provided for in the treaty of July 4,1866, with
said tribe, submitted a report, recommending
the payment of the awards made by the agent;
and on his motion the report was ordered to be
printed and referred, with the accompanying
papers, to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WILLEY, from- the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 271) for the relief of Colonel Samuel W.
Price, of the twenty-first Kentucky volunteers,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of John A. Johnston
and others, citizens of Beaufort, South Caro-
lina, praying for an appropriation to pay for
the library destroyed by fire at the Smithsonian
Institution, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jamea 0. Carruth-
ers, of Salisbury, Massachusetts, praying for
arrears of pay due him as second lieutenant in
the twenty-eighth Massachusetts volunteers,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Christian Luth,
praying compensation for property taken from
him by the Indians in June, 1868, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 201) to
authorize the payment of moneys due J. E.
Clarke and John T. Peabody, reported ad-
versely thereon.
• Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 164) to amend an act entitled "An act
for the relief of Alexander J. Atocha," ap-
proved February 14, 1865, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 365) to secure to all persons the equal
protection of the laws, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 293) to amend an
act entitled "An act to protect all persons in
the United States in their civil rights, and to
furnish the means of their vindication,'' passed
April 9,1866, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be indefinitely
postponed; which was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported a joint resolution (S.
R. No. 116) instructing the President to nego-
tiate with the Indians upon the Umatilla reser-
vation in Oregon; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (g
No. 480) for the relief of Zenas C. Robbing'
late register of wills for the county of Wash-
ington and District of Columbia; which vvas
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 481)
to provide for the appointment of a stenographer
to the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia
and ordered to be printed. '
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 482) to provide for the location of agricul-
tural college scrip by actual settlers ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 483) granting lands and the right of way
in Missouri and Arkansas to aid iu the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line along
or near the thirty-sixth parallel of north lati-
tude, from the Mississippi river to the Arkan-
sas river; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 484) for the relief of Helen M. Stansbury,
widow of Major Howard Stansbury, deceased;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 485) to authorize the name of the propeller
Thomas McManus to be changed to that of the
City of Newburgh ; which was read twice by
its title,' and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 486) granting a pension to Eliza Whiting;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that the bill
(S. No. 444) supplementary to an act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof, approved
June 8, 1864, which now lies on the table, be
taken from the table and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to. - -
PERSONAL EXPLANATION—THE CURRENCY.
Mr, CHANDLER, I ask the consent of the
Senate to allow me a single moment to make
a personal explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion? The Chair hears none.
Mr, CHANDLER. I read in the New York
Times of yesterday:
"The Senate, too, defeated with equal decisiveness
Mr. Chandler's amendment to the currency bill,
increasing the bank oiroalation to the extent ot
$100,000,000. Neither Chamber showed the inflation-
ists any mercy."
And subsequently in the same article:,
"These are reasons for resisting every attempt to
force immature or partial plans, as well as for reject-
ing the mischievous policy favored by Messrs. Ikger-
soll. and Chandler."
I do notlike, Mr. President, to be^ classed
among the inflationists, because I distinctly
stated that under no circumstances would l
vote to inflate the currency to the amount of a
single dollar ; and I likewise gave notice that
if the $7,000,000 proposed by the Senator from
Indiana was added to the bank bill which we
have been considering, without retiring that
amount of greenbacks, I should vote against
that bill. I presume that is a mistake on the
