m2
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
MoCormiok, MeCmry, McKeniie, McNeely-Jesse H.
Moore, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Orth, Packard,
Piatt,Poland, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rogers, Sar-
gent, Schenek, Schumaker, Scofield, Sherrod, John
A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stiles, Strader. Swann. Sweeney, Tan-
ner, Trimble. Tyner, Van Trump, Voorhees, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Wells, Will&rd, Eugene M.
Wilson, Wood, andWoodward—100.
NAYS—Messrs.Axmstrong, Arnell.Atwood, Barry,
Bennett, Benton, Buck, Burdett, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna,Sidney Clarke,
AmasaCobb, Covode, Degener, Bla, Ferriss, Fisher,
Gilfillan, Hawley.Hays, Heflin, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper,
Jndd, Kelley, Kelsey, Knapp, Lawrence. Maynanl,
McCarthy, MoKee, Mevcur, Lliakim H. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, N eg ley,
O'Neill, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Perce, Phelps, Pom-
eroy, Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sawyer, Shanks, Lio-
nel A. Sheldon, William J. Smith, William Smyth,
Stevens, Stevenson, Taffe. Taylor, Tillman, Town-
send, Twichell, Upson, Van Horn, Ward, Wheeler,
Whitmore, Wilkinson, and Williams—G9.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler. Ames, Ayer,
Bailey, Banks, Benjamin, Blair, Boles, Bowen,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks. Buckley, Burr,
Churchill. William T.Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Crebs,
Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Dox, Duval, Dyer,
Griswold, Heaton, Hotchkiss, Julian. Ketcham,
Lash. LoHghridge. Mayham. McGrew, Milnes, Mor-
phia. Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Peters, Por-
ter, Rice, Ridgway, Porter Sheldon. Shober, Slo-
cum. Stokes, Stone, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
Van Auken, Van Wyck, William B. Washburn,
Welker, John Wilson, Winans, Winchester, and
Witch er—67.
So the substitute was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ELDRIDGE (when his name was
called) said: It is tough to take. [Laughter.]
I vote "ay."
The result of the vote having been an-
nounced, the question recurred on agreeing
to the resolution reported by the Committee
of Elections, as amended.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to lay the res-
olution upon the table.
The question was put j and there were—ayes
37, noes 84.
Mr. STEVENSON. With the consent of
the House I will not call for tellers on my
motion, and will move to postpone the con-
sideration of the subject until the first Mon-
day in December next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion, as the previous question is
operating. It would require unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask consent to make
the motion.
Mr. KERR, Mr. STILES, and others, ob-
jected.  
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I ask for tellers
on my motion to lay the resolution upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is disposed to
gratify the gentleman if he himself thinks that
a fair demand. The gentleman waived the call
provided a certain thing could be done.
Mr. STEVENSON. But that certain thing
was not done, Mr. Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain
the demand.
Mr. PROSSER, I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Is it in order to move the
reference of the resolution, as amended, to the
Committee of Elections?
The SPEAKER. It is not, aft the previous
question is operating.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution as amended.
Mr. STEVENSON. I demand the yeas and
nays on the resolution as amended.
Mr. RANDALL. We have had the yeas and
nays on it once.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 68, not voting
62; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Asper,
Axtell, Barnurn, Beam an. Beck, Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, Booker, Boyd, Buffinton, Burehard, Calkin,
Cleveland, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Conner. Cowles,
Cox, Cullom, Dickinson, Dockery, Dox, Eldridge,
Parnsworth, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch. Fox-Gar-
field, Getz, Gibson, Haight, Haldeman, Hale, Ham-
bleton, Hamill, Harris, Hawkins, Hay, Hill. Hol-
man, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg, Kerr, Knott,
Laflin, Logan, Lynch, Marshall, McCormick, Mc-
, Crary. McKenaie, McNeely, Jesse H. Moore, Mor-
i {ran, Mungen, Niblack, Orth, Packard, Peters, Piatt,
' Poland, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rogers, Sargent,
Schenck, Schumaker, Scofield, Sherrod, John A.
: Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stiles, Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble. Tyner,
Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wells, Wil-
• lard, Eugene M.Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Armstrong, Arnell.Atwood, Barry,
| Bennett, Benton,GeorgeM.Brooks.Buck, Burdett,
I Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb.Ela, Ferriss, Fisher, Gilfillan, Ham-
i ilton, Hawley, Heflin, Hoar, Iloge, Hooper, Judd,
Kelley, Kelsey, Knapp, Lawrcnce, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, MoKee,Mercur, Elialcim H. Moore, William
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers. Negley, O'Neill,
: Packer, Paine, Perce, Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser,
Roots, Sanford, Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon,
William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens, Steven-
son, Taffe, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell,
Upson,Van Horn, Ward,Wheeler,Whitmore,Wilkin-
son, Williams. John T. Wilson, and Witcher—68.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Ayer,
Bailey, Banks, Beatty, Benjamin. Blair, Boles,
Bowen, James Brooks, Buckley, Burr, Benjamin
F. Butler, Churchill, William T. Clark, Clinton L.
Cobb, Covode, Crebs, Davis, Dawes, Degener, Dickey,
i Dixon, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Griswold, Hays, Hea-
ton, Hotchkiss, Julian, Ketcham, Lash.Loughridge,
Mayham, McGrew, Milnes, Morphis, Samuel P.
Morrill, Morrissey, Palmer, Porter, Rice, Ridgway,
Porter Sheldon, Shober, Slocum, Starkweather,
Stokes, Stone, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Tan-
; ner. Van Auken, Van Wyck, Voorhees, William B.
i Washburn, Welker, Winans, and Winchester—62.
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. PITCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution, as amended, was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to..
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to make an explanation personal
to myself in connection with the subject just
disposed of by the House.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
Mr. KELLEY. Daring the exciting con-
test through which we have just passed word
was brought to me by my colleague, Mr. Ran-
dall, that the honorahle gentleman, from Ark-
ansas [Mr. Rogers] had reported me as say-
ing that I would support the admission of the
gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Svpher, in
order to secure a vote or votes for the iron
interest of Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. I told you so.
Mr. KELLEY. Yes; you told me so. I
desire to say that I never uttered such a re-
mark, nor words that could be fairly construed
into such a remark. I am incapable of palter-
ing either with my conscience or with a great
cause in that manner. The gentlemen with
whom I held conversations sit behind me, and
are the honorable gentleman from Indiana
{Mr. Orth] and the honorable gentleman from
llinOis, [Mr. Moore.] I stated to those gen-
tlemen that, pressed as I had been with affairs
in the Committee of Ways and Means and on
the floor of this House, I had been unable to
read any of the papers relating to this case,
and that I should therefore act upon the rule,
that had been an inflexible one with me so far
as I could remember, that where I could not
examine a case I should follow the conclusions
of the committee that reported it.
Mr. RANDALL, in furtherance of the
remark made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] that an understanding
existed with Pennsylvania Republican mem-
bers of this House to vote to sustain Mr. Sypher
in his claim to a seat on this floor, with a view
of getting his vote in favor of the iron interest,
I went to my colleague, Mr. Kelley, and asked
him whether that was true, and I gave him the
authority from whence I obtained the inform-
ation. He denied having made any such re-
mark. I desire, however, to call the attention
of the country and of this House to the signifi-
cant fact that every Republican member from
the State of Pennsylvania did exactly that
thing; that is, they voted to sustain the claim
of Mr. Sypher to a seat in this House.
Mr. O'NEILL. I am very much obliged to
my colleague [Mr. Randall] for calling the
attention of the country to the fact that I, as
one of the Republican members of this House
from the State of Pennsylvania, did vote for
the admission of Mr. Sypher to a seat in this
House.
Mr. KELLEY. In view of what has been
said, I desire to state that I do not know the
views of Mr. Sypher on the tariff question
generally, or on the iron question in particular.
But I rose for the purpose of giving a flat
denial to the assertion that I had made auy
such remark, or had uttered words kindred to
it, in the presence of the two gentlemen with
whom I held conversation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Allow me to correct my
colleague, [Mr. Randall,] who has said that
all the Republican members of this House from
the State of Pennsylvania voted for the admis-
sion of Mr. Sypher. I voted, as the record
will show, against the admission of any one as
a member from the district in question.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my remark,
or at least I except from its application my col-
league, [Mr. Scofield.] He and I, although
of different politics, always voted for the right
in these cases in the State Legislature.
Mr. KELLEY. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Arkansas [Mr. Rogers] for a few
moments.
Mr. ROGERS. I regret very much, Mr.
Speaker, that this has occurred. After the
first vote upon the case of Mr. Sypher had been
taken this morning I was called over to the
other side to talk with some gentlemen. Upon
arriving there I heard it said that this was a
move to procure another vote for the tariff
interest. I remarked that, sitting in my seat,
I had heard Judge Kelley, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, say in connection with this elec-
tion case that he had not read the testimony,
that.he knew nothing at all of the case; and
in that connection I heard the utterance that
it would give them another vote for the tariff,
or words to that effect. That conversation oc-
curred right there, right at that corner, [point-
ing to where Mr. Kelley was sitting.] Who
were the gentlemen present and taking part in
the conversation I am not now able to say. But
I will say that the gentleman from Indiana,
now on my right, [Mr. Orth,] was not in that
conversation at the time to which I allude.
Now, what the gentleman may have intended
to say of course I cannot now undertake to
determine. The impression was as clear upon
my mind as anything that ever fell upon my
ear that the remark actually made was just
as I have stated. I thought it remarkable,
and therefore observed it more particularly
than I otherwise should have done, that a gen-
tie man of his standing, and of so many years'
service in this House, twelve or fifteen years
I believe, should propose to vote upon such
an important matter as the seating of a mem-
ber in this House, when he had expressly dis-
claimed having read any portion of the testi-
mony, for the reason, as I understood at the
time, that they would thereby gain another
friend for their tariff operations. Now, I do
not say that he made any such statement in
that connection; but that was the impression
left upon my mind, and that is the impression
now. But upon the assertion of the gentle-
man that he did not intend to make use of such
an expression in the connection I have indi-
cated, as a matter of course I must take his
word for it. I shall always believe, from the
circumstances, that the statement was made,
not perhaps in the shape in which I have given
it, but in a shape similar, and that words sim-
ilar to those which I have indicated were
-uttered upon that occasion.
Mr. KELLEY. I must resume the floor.
Mr. Speaker, the only conversation about this
matter was while I was seated in this chair
with its back turned to the corner to which the
gentleman from Arkansas has pointed. The
conversation was with these honorable gentle-
