8796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
man or any party that thus deals with their
inheritance. I am only sorry that my friend
from Indiana, Judge Holman, is not now here
to stand up, as lie has so ably done during so
many sessions of Congress, against these meas-
ures which tend to land grants and to land
monopoly, to disinheriting the people of their
just rights in the public domain which belongs
to us all.
One word more. My remarks when I was
■up before were predicated on one phase only
of this question, and they were misinterpreted
by some gentlemen. I say that from the begin-
ning I have opposed all these measures. I
have opposed them, as I told the member from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] at the beginning of this
session, because they were running sores upon
the body-politic ; evils not merely in the pres-
ent, but reaching far out into the future and
affecting land tenures hereafter. And unless
the Republican party shall hereafter oppose
these schemes by a larger vote and by a stronger
body, than they have done heretofore, their
doom is sealed as certainly as if they opposed
free trade or a moderate tariff. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER.^ The time allowed the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] by his col-
league [Mr. Wheeler] has expired.
• Mr. WHEELER. 1 now yield to the gentle-
man from Oregon [Mr. Smith] for ten minutes.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Much misappre
licnsion exists in the mind of gentlemen of the
House in regard to the reasons for some of
the provisions of this Senate joint resolution.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a residence of twenty-five
years on the northern Pacific coast has enabled
me lo become well acquainted with the country
west of the Rocky mountains, through which
this road is to pass, and I should be glad to
give the House the benefit of my local inform-
ation at some length if 1 had time in the few
minutes allotted to me. But I shall confine
my remarks chiefly to two points very closely
connected. The first is as to the propriety of
permitting this company to select the point of
departure from the main line for its branch
road; and the second, as to whether there is
any danger of the power to select being abused
if it shall bo granted.
First, in reference to the point of departure
for the branch road. If the country for three
hundred miles from the western terminus of this
lino were a level prairie country, such as exists
in Kansas and Iowa, there would be no reason
why the point of departure should not be within
that distance; but gentlemeu must remember
that between that point, wherever it may be
located, and Pnget sound, there is alofty, rugged
chain of mountains traversed by very difficult
passes. So far as investigation has gone up to
this time, there are but two passes north of the
Columbia river between the line of this road
and Puget sound. One is the Cowlitz, the other
the Snoqualmie. They are both extremely dif-
ficult. They are barely practicable, and it is
therefore eminently desirable, if further ex-
ploration should develop, what is hoped for, a
more favorable pass further north, that the
point of departure may bo fixed accordingly.
]f either of the two passes already explored
is adopted then the point of departure may be
as provided in the original bill, within three
hundred miles of Portland. If a better pass
should be found further north than either of
those named, as is not nnlikely, then, to
make the point of intersection within this
three hundred miles, it will be necessary to
lengthen the branch road, and after clearing
(he mountains, to run it in a southeasterly
direction instead of a northeasterly, as it ought
to run ; and thus gentlemen, in their anxiety to
shorten this branch, will make it both longer
and less direct than it need be or that the
company would make it if given this necessary
latitude in selecting the point of junction. If
this road shall be built fiom Puget sound,
near the forth-eighth parallel, then it will be
necessary that the point of junction should be
some four hundred miles from Portland. So
much for the first point, as to the necessity of
giving some latitude to this company, as to
iixing the point of departure. This grant, if
made at all, should be so framed as to enable
the company to select the shortest and beat route
for both the branch and the main road This
resolution in its present form gives that power,
and it ought not to be changed.
Now as to the second point. I hold there is
not the slightest danger ofany abuse ot this
power if it be extended to this company. I call
the attention of the House to the language of
the joint resolution. It provides that the com-
pany shall have power u to locate and construct
under the provisions and with the privileges
and duties provided for in its act of incorpor-
ation and amendments thereto, its main road
to some point on Puget sound, via the valley
of the Columbia river, with the right to locate
and construct its branch from some convenient
point on its main trunk line across the Cascade
mountains to Puget sound."
It seems to me that it requires an immense
stretch of imagination to conclude that this
language would give this company the right to
build its branch parallel to the main road. It
must select its point of departure at some
convenient point to reach Puget sound. _No
court, no Secretary of the Interior, no sensible
man would say it gave a right to built a paral-
lel road for a single mile. There is no danger
on that point. Furthermore, in the region of
country between the Rocky mountains and a
point three hundred miles east of Portland the
country is of such character as to offer no
inducements to build an additional line or to
lengthen the road one mile for the purpose of
increasing the amount of land to be obtained.
I am familiar with that country, and while I
do no undertake to say that it is a desert, or
that there is no good land along the line of
this grant, I do say that the poorest part of
this country is between a point three hundred
miles east from Portland and one hundred
and fifty miles further east, where the location
of the passes is such as to make it inevitable
the road must go. There is, therefore, not the
slightest danger that this company will build
one solitary mile of road more than is neces-
sary for the sake of the land.
While the amendment proposed will limit
this point of departure to a point three hun-
dred miles east of Portland, and might length-
en that branch road, it would do no possible
good. The danger apprehended on this point
is entirely imaginary, and no gentleman famil-
iar with the country would have raised it in
honest opposition to the resolution. I do not
suppose it was raised for any bad purpose,
but from ignorance of the character of the
country.
I have a single remark to make in regard to
one other point, and that is this: it is claimed
by many gentlemen that the interest of the
people living in the region of country trav-
ersed by this road requires restriction as to the
price of the land and the time of its sale and
the quantity to be sold to each person. ' It is
feared that this company will resist the claims
of settlers and oppress them.
Mr. Speaker, along the line of this road, in
Washington Territory, in Oregon, and in Idaho,
and I will venture to say in Montana, though
1 have no positive knowledge, there cannot be
found an individual who is not anxious to have
that road built on such terms as are offered
here. The people who are directly interested
are willing that the grant should be made as
provided for in this joint resolution. The men
who live isolated from civilization and com-
merce are not those who complain of these
land grants; but, as has already been well
said, the opposition comes from gentlemen
whose constituents have been heretofore gorged
by land grants. Having secured all they want,
they very ungraciously oppose extending like
favors to others. The actual settlers, present
and prospective, will not thank these gentle-
men who thus misrepresent them. They want
these roads ; the country through which they
are to run is of little value without them. This
proposition wiil secure the constrnction of these
roads, so much needed, and for which our peo-
ple will have reason to be thankful, and the
building of which no one will ever regret.
Mr. COBURN. I ask the gentleman from
Oregon whether he will vote for an amendment
to this joint resolution to fix the point of depart-
ure of thebranch road at a point not more than
four hundred miles east of the western term-
inus of this road ?
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I would do so
most cheerfully if it were not for sending this
joint resolution back to the Senate, although,
for the reasons I have stated, there is no neces-
sity for it. I will state again to the gentleman
that the character of the conntry is such as to
offer no temptation to the company to increase
the length of its branch for the sake of addi-
tional land.
Mr. COBURN. The question is not what
the gentleman states, but the question we have
to consider is what construction will be put;
upon this language.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I will vote, after
this joint resolution passes, for a resolution
fixing the point of departure at not more than
four hundred miles east of Portland, if it is
thought desirable; but I know it is not neces- -
sary.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, this joint
resolution confers additional privileges upon
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company, which
has already an immense grant of land one hun-
dred miles in width, and in addition gives the
right to mortgage the land for the purpose of
raising money with which to construct the road.
The original grant conferred no right to mort-
gage the land. It was granted for sale and
settlement only. This provision effectually
and forever puts it in the hands of the cap-
italists, who will be able to hold it for specula-
tion. This will retard settlements, will injure
instead of benefiting the country. It is enough
to give land in aid to be sold by the company j
it is asking too much to have the right to mort-
gage and sweep all away at once from the set-
tler at moderate prices. I am in favor of a
proposition to allow the company to mortgage
its own property, that which will and must
continue to be its property, namely, its tracks,
depots, rolling stock, and other personal prop-
erty. This is a lien the company would be
interested in removing, but that on the land it
would let go by-default.
The object of these grants is to open the
country to settlement, is a proper one, is a wise
one, and in accordance with the spirit of the
age. The construction of these Pacific rail-
roads is the grandest of the enterprises of man-
kind. The making of the first road, the Union
Pacific, had necessarily to be greatly encour-
aged ; it was an experiment; great inducements
must be held out; they were held out, and the
road was completed in consequence. In those
grants no limitation was put upon the price of
the land ; no provision for throwing it into the
market; none providing that it should go to
actual settlers in limited quantities. This res-
olution contains no such provision; is against
the settler, is in the interest of corporation.
There is no reason for this latitude now.
The resolution in efFeet provides for two
roads across the continent thus: "The main
road to some point on Puget sound, via the
valley of Columbia river, with the right to
locate and construct its branch from some con-
venient point on its main trunk line across the
Cascade mountains to Puget sound."
Now, this provision allows a departure for the
branch road at any point on the line. It may
be five miles from Lake Superior, the eastern
terminus; it may be a hundred or a thousand
miles out; no one can say. If it begins near
the eastern terminus, two roads, with the one
hundred and twenty mile grant, are authorized.
This pats the entire northern portion of our
