1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1909
course I have marked out for myself pertain-
ing to the question of the removal of political
disabilities.
If it be true that there are things which can
never be taught and never learned, but if ever
put into men must go into them before they
are born, then I hold that the proper use of
the ballot-box is one of these things. Other
nations, even the most favored, try in vain to
learn it. Germany, abounding in ripe scholars;
France, overrun with splendid armies, fail to
comprehend it,. England, to be sure, has her
Parliament; she plants and holds her colonies;
but she utterly and miserably fails to incor-
porate them with the mother Government, stub-
bornly resisting one of the strongest tendencies
of modern society and history in the direction
of national unity—the unification of those
having the same speech, customs, and laws
into one common national life. With born
Americans, however, this use of the ballot is
our national instinct—our American life. Time
has gradually worked its important lessons into
our very marrow and blood. Its uses form a
proud characteristic of our civilization. Prom
it sprung our magnificent self-government.
Hence, also, our Federal and representative
system, susceptible of the widest expansion,
while maintaining the closest unity.
As truly as Home felt herself to be the mis-
tress of the nations, and Britannia that she was
to rule the seas, and France that she was to be
the arbiter of the affairs of the continent, so
truly _, so really does America now feel that the
elective franchise, the highest defense of the
rights of a freeman, is to be both national and
universal during all the coming centuries of
the Republic. The resistless currents of our
nation'smind andheart haveborne uson in the
course of the nation's duty, through peace and
through war, to this just and righteous conclu-
sion. It is no longer an unsolved problem in
our political science. For the last olympiad
it has been the central question of politics and
ofstatesmeu. Happilyitisnowsettled. What-
ever stands in the way of the proper use of
the ballot-box and its legitimate privileges of
office-holding, stands in the way of the deepest
instinctsofournation'slife. Any other course
is an anomaly in our history, and to be resorted
to only in direst necessity, as we sometimes
resort to war as the " highest trial of right,"
and make it the purchase price of a righteous
and lasting peace. From this general view I
proceed to discuss the following propositions:
The disqualification to hold any office, civil or
military, State or national, imposed by the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments
to your Constitution was so imposed, not for
the purpose of punishing the insurgents of the
late rebellious States, but to protect and pre-
serve the loyal citizens of those States in their
property, their liberties, and 'heir lives. This
was the regnant purpose of the nation at the
close of the war ; and rightly so. The nation's
sacred obligation was first due to her citizens
whose allegiance had remained true and un-
changeable in the mighty struggle of self pres-
ervation, whose hearts never faltered in the
lofty determination to rescue our endangered
liberties and save the national life. On this
point the will of the people was clear and
emphatic, their voice was loud and impera-
tive. To do less would be the basest ingratitude
to the friends and defenders of the Govern-
ment. It would destroy all solid foundation
of national security, for this must ever be the
allegiance of its citizens.
But while the safety of the nation and the
protection of its friends was the inflexible duty
and inexorable purpose of a victorious people,
it was also the maximum of their demands.
Thev attempted nothing more, they were satis-
fied with nothing less. While they kept steadily
before them the national safety, they were man-
ifestly as reluctant to disturb the enemies as
they were swift to protect the friends of the
Government. When, therefore, the represent-
atives of the people assembled in Congress to
reestablish civil governments in the ten unrep-
resented States, what did they do? The first
measure submitted to those States for adop-
tion or rejection, when "the clash of steel and
shock of arms died away," was the thirteenth
article of. amendments to the Constitution,
which reads as follows:
"Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, ox-
ccpfc as a punishment for crime, whereof the party
shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within
the United States or any place subject to their juris-
diction."
Was there any attempt to punish any one for
treason or rebellion in this ? Its whole intent
was to protect the loyal colored men of the
South, of whom two hundred thousand had
served in the Army of the Union in their newly-
found freedom. To protect the emancipated
and not to enslave the free was the generous
attempt. In obedicnce to the same magnani-
mous spirit the civil rights bill and the Freed-
men's Bureau bill passed Congress. Sir, no
other theory is consistent with your laws of
reconstruction. The history of the restoration
of the insurrectionary States, from the hour
when General Lee surrendered his forces at
Appomattox to the present moment, sustains
my proposition; and no other proposition has
been indorsed or accepted by the great body
of the American people. In proof of this I
need but refer for a moment to the fourteenth
amendment, which imposes the disabilities of
which we speak.
Sir, when that great amendment was dis-
cussed in the Congress of the United States
the spirit of the rebellion was yet alive. It was
not, it is true, armed rebellion, smiting down
the Government; but it was the animating, life-
giving spirit of rebellion, powerful in numbers,
potent in wealth, and culture, and social influ-
ences; strong in its political power; crystalliz-
ing around itself skillful leaders ; experienced
in controlling the political affairs of the South
for many years past, and, more than all else,
strong in its hope that through the sympathy
and aid of a faithless and treacherous Ex-
ecutive it might yet gain what it had failed to
achieve at the cost of so much treasure and
blood on the battle-field. It still defied the
national authority, set at naught the laws of
the country, and despised the rights of Union
men. The States where this spirit of rebellion
prevailed were black with the greatest crimes
which have disfigured the dark annals of human
wickedness, and at whoso recital the civilized
world stood aghast. Aud yet, in the face of all
this, the Congress, by submitting this amend-
ment to the Legislatures of the several States,
declared to the insurgents and to the nations
of the earth that it would do everything for lib-
erty and safety, nothing for punishment and
revenge. And this, Mr. Speaker, be it re-
membered, was the amendment sanctioned by
a brave and victorious people, and was ratified
by three fourths of the adhering States of the
Union. It took not vengeance for the past; it
provided by fundamental law for security in
the future.
The Congress wisely avoided any proposi-
tion which denied the ballot to any citizen for
participation in the late rebellion ; and the peo-
ple, by the ratification of the fourteenth arti-
cle of amendments, sanctioned the action of
Congress. Afterward, when the great amend-
ment proclaiming amnesty to all who by
cruel conscription had been driven into sup-
port fif rebellion, excepting such as had vio-
lated official oaths, was defiantly and scorn-
fully rejected by t.he insurrectionary States,
Congress felt itself called upon to go only so
far in imposing additional restraints and lim-
itations as would enable the citizens of those
States to organize loyal State governments
with the local control in the hands of friends
of the General Government. To do this the
subsequent acts of March, 1867, disqualified
from ballot such persons as were disqualified
to hold office under the third article of the
fourteenth amendment; but this disqualifica-
tion was to become inoperative as soon as the
States were represented in Congress. In all
of this we have further proof of the magnani-
mous purpose of a great people to do all for
liberty and security, nothing for vengeance or
punishment. There is much, Mr. Speaker,
in our imperial Republic of which her citizens
are justly proud.
I am proud, sir, of her long line of noble
and honored ancestry, of her free institutions,
and her sacred, indissoluble Union. I rejoice
in her schools, in her churches, and her Chris-
tian civilization; her marvelous growth and her
abundant internal resources. I love her tried
Constitution and her unparalleled freedom, reg-
ulated by wise laws. I love her banner, which
floats proudly over the sea and over the land.
I am proud of the protecting shield of her citi-
zenship at home and abroad; of the patriotism
of her people and their capacity for self-gov-
ernment. I am proud of her republicanism,
which has shown itself to be the strongest and
the safest form of earthly power, the best able
to meet a terrible crisis, to rally, to concentrate
men and means for the most arduous conflicts,
and to carry on war unequaled in vastness and
difficulty, with united, conscious, definite, and
irresistible purpose. I am proud of her terrible
power to resist and subdue a rebellion that
would have defied the skill or might of every
European monarchy or empire. But infinitely
above all else, proud am I of her sublime
patience and her inimitable magnanimity in
tho hour of complete triumph. Her forgive-
ness has been equaled only by her unutterable
calamity, and both are unrivaled and have
revealed to us our unconquerable might and
our real historic destiny.
For the continuance of this same noble and
magnanimous spirit I plead in ending the re-
maining work of reconstruction. I beseech this
House not to depart from this noble record in
failing to remove political disabilities from all
citizens in States long since readmitted to the
sisterhood of States and whose constitutions
have been pronounced republican in form.
Let this be the speedy and crowning act of
your work of reconstruction.
But while disqualifications were imposed by
fundamental law in behalf of loyalty and future
security it was intended that these disqualifica-
tions should be temporary. It was contem-
plated that the time would come, it was hoped
that it would come speedily, when with entire
safety to the Government and all its citizens
these disqualifications and disabilities could be
removed. They were never designed to be per-
manent. Continued disfranchisement was not
contemplated, even by those who held to the
opinion that men who went into the rebellion
denuded themselves of citizenship and had no
rights as citizens, except such as the legislative
power of the Government chose to confer upon
them. The proposition to deprive the insur-
gents of the ballot until 1870 even was defeated
in the preparation of the fourteenth article by
the rejection of the following section:
"That all persons who, on tho 4th day of March,
1861, were of full age, who held office, either civil or
military, under the government called the ' confed-
erate States of America/ or who swore allegiance to
said government, aro hereby declared to have for-
feited their citizenship and to have renounced alle-
giance to the United States, and shall not be entitled
to exercise the elective franohise or hold office until
five years after they shall have filed their intention
or desire to bo reinvested with the right of citizen-
ship and shall swear allegiance to the United States
and renounce allegiance to ail other governments or
pretended governments."
But, sir, the very amendment which imposes
these disqualifications provides also for their
removal by a two-thirds vote of both Houses
of Congress, and thus it carries with it evi-
dence of the temporary character of the dis-
abilities it imposes.
But we have, Mr. Speaker, a more recent
expression of the will of the_ people oi t.io
country on this subject. It is embpaicd in
the resolutions of the National
convention held in Chicago June, lebo, in
these words:
"That we highly recommead fch« spirit of mag-
