1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3-797
Territories in tiie control of this corporation
effectually—a proposition uncalled for and
dangerous. I offer an amendment to fix the
point of departure at a point not more tlian
three hundred miles east of the western term-
inus of the road. 1 have asked the gentleman
from Oregon if lie will vote to make this point
four hundred miles and put it. in the resolu-
tion ; lie says he will not. He says that the
point of departure will not be over four hun-
dred miles cast of Portland; but he will not go
for the amendment. He is not for it. I infer
something more is wanted. If the resolution
passes without my amendment two roads ean
be mad** and the land taken.
This resolution should be amended so as to
provide that no grant is to take effect till the
road at the points granted is finished. The
language is indefinite and amy grant the land
at once and confer the right to mortgage at
once. No question on this point should be
left open, i am opposed to the joint resolu-
tion as it is, and shall vote to amend it to
guard the rights of the people. There is a
vast, fertile region on our northern borders.
The land is more valuable there than on the
arid route of the Union Pacific road ; the land
is worth more; is amply worth enough, if
thrown into market, to secure with the proceeds
and a mortgage on the road the money to be
advanced for construction. The scheme savors
of speculation and meets my decided disap-
proval on that account.
While I say this let no one suppose that I
am opposed to the aiding of railroads in a
proper manner. Wild land is worth nothing
in distant Territories without the means of
approach ; a section of land hundreds of miles
out on the great plains, ever so rich, without
roads to it and railroads near it, is worth no
more than a section of Atlantic waves. God
did not. make land worth $1 25 or $2 50 an acre,
or any such sum. It is worth less with out means
of approach and outlet. The great highway is
everything, is the civilizer, the settler, the im-
prover, the builder. But even the highway
can be gotten at too great expense, at too great
a sacrifice. The future may be clouded by
the rashness and haste of munitieentdonations.
Settlements may be retarded by those who
hold vast unimproved tracts. Enterprise may
be cheeked by those whose interests are not
always identical with those of the pioneer.
The grants already made are sufficient in this
instance and prudence requires that we should
refuse more.
Mr. FtilitlY, Mr. DOX, Mr. CREBS, and
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, were
granted leave to print their remarks in the
Globe on the pending proposition as part of
the debates of the House. [See Appendix.]
Mr. WHEELER. Before I yield to the gen-
tleman from Vermont I desire simply to say,
in answer to my colleague from New York,
[Mr. Cos,] that the people of this country are
not crying out against railroad corporations.
He is an intelligent gentleman, and he knows
that the people along the Midland railroad in
our own State have bonded themselves to the
amount of millions of dollars to build that road.
In my own district the people have bonded
themselves to the extent of §500,000 to build
a road through the Adirondack region. There
is no crying out of the people at all against
these railroad enterprises. The people will
have railroads, regarding them justly as the
great instruments of the progress and civiliza-
tion of the country. I now yield the balance
of my time to the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I am not a
railroad man. It has never been my fortune
to be the owner of a share of railroad stock or
any interest in any railroad. This Northern
Pacific railroad is one in which my constitu-
ents. the people of my portion of the country,
fee! a deep and abiding interest. We believe
this is the route, this is the place God has made
for a railroad across this continent right in the
line of the great chain of lakes, making a water
communication half the way across the conti-
nent. We believe this is the place for a great
national highway. It is my fortune to know
some of the men engaged in this enterprise.
An honored gentleman from my own State,
who has been Governor of my own State, who
was during a dark period of the war Governor
of the State of Vermont, is president of this
company. I know other gentlemen connected
with this enterprise, men to whom such hard
names, such villainous names were applied by
the gentleman from Kansas, [Mr. Ciauke.] I
know how to appreciate the observations he
made upon the men connected with this enter-
prise. I know how proper it was for him to
call upon the Sergeant-at-Arms and the Door-
keeper to clear the lobbies this morning. I
know how much justice there was in his asser-
tion that the hotels of this city were filled wiih
lobby-men who were here to help carry this
scheme through. I know my friends who are
interested in this Northern Pacific Railroad
Company have come to Congress, and have
taken upon themselves the dangerous experi-
ment of endeavoring to carry through this im-
portant measure without the aid of lobby-men
or outsiders at all.
It was a pretty piece of acting, Mr. Speaker,
when my friend from Kansas rose this morn-
ing and called upon you, sir, to exercise the
authority of the Chair to have men turned otf
from this floor who had no right to be here.
I will say, sir, that scarcely has it ever hap-
pened to me to see so few persons on the floor,
except members, as was the case this morning.
I took observations, and I know that notasin-
gla man was upon the floor of the House,
other than ex-members, who had any connec-
tion with this question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentle-
man whether the people of Vermont have any
other interest in this matter except as stock-
holders?
'Mr. POLAND. The people of Vermont
are not interested in it in any way except as
they constitute a portion of the northern part
of the United States that will be particularly
benefited by having a road across the conti-
nent somewhat in the line in which they live.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then the people of
Vermont are interested because of the building
of the road simply ?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And not because
they are stockholders?
Mr. POLAND. I do not know any man in
the Stale of Vermont who is a stockholder
except Governor Smith, who is the president
of the corporation. I suppose he may be a
stockholder.
But on this subject of lobbying I have a
little more to say than I have asyet said. While
this charge, that there has been any lobbying
about this matter, is false from beginning to
end, I know that outside men hp,ve called upon
the friends of this enterprise and have said to
them, " Unless you will employ lobby men cer-
tain loud voices in the House will bo raised
against you ; and unless we can be quieted
they cannot be quieted." Now, I do not believe
that any one of those men spoke by authority
or right from any member on this floor. But
there are some remarkable coincidences.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. If thegentleman
in his remarks has any reference to me, I ask
him now from his place on the floor of the
House to give the names of any of these par-
ties. As I am one ofthe opponents oftliis bill,
I ask the gentleman if he makes any reference
to me, or to any friend of mine, or to any pre-
tended friend of mine? For I desire to say that
I have had no communication with anybody on
this subject.
Mr. POLAND. I did not charge that the
gentleman had.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas.^ If thegentleman
desires to make any insinuation that any pre-
tended friend of mine ever approached any of
the friends of this bill in any way whatever,
I ask him, with his usual fairness and justice,
to give the name. For I repeat that I have
had no communication with anybody on the
subject, but have simply acted on my own
convictions of public duty.
Mr. POLAND. I have not questioned the
gentleman's convictions.
Mr. ELA. Will the gentleman from Ver-
mont deny that the members of this corporation
have been hero sending for members and lobby-
ing to get this through, and that their agents
have been boasting how much money there
was in it?
Mr. POLAND. They have certainly not
sent for me. If tliey sent for my friend from
New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] it was not within
my knowledge.
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The hour for eclosing
debate, after the ordering of the main ques-
tion, has expired.
Mr. STILES. I ask leave to have printed
in the Globe some remarks on the pending
joint resolution.
There was no objection; and leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
The SPEAKER. The question is first ou
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Hawlet,] which is first in order,
and which will now be reported by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to first section as follows:
And provided further. That the prmio<res herein
granted are upon the following conditions, namely:
all (he lands herein or heretofore granted to said
rail toad company shall bo sold to actual settlers
only, and in Quantities bo t greater than one hundred
and sixty acres to anyone person, and for a price
not exceeding $2 50 per acre : And pi ovuird Jiti/her.
That no morftracce that may be given by said railroad
company shall operate to prevent the sale to actual
settlers only, upon the terms and conditions herein
provided, of all the lands herein or heretofore granted
liy the United States to said railroad company, and
any violation of this condition shall work a forfeit-
ure of all the lands herein or heretofoie grunted by
the United States to said railroad company.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We may as well
have the yeas and nays on tho amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 78, nays 10G, not voting
45; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Arnell, Aspcr,
Ayer. BeaUy, Biggs. Bud, James Brooks, Bullinton,
Burehard, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Degener,
Dickinson, Donley, Duval, Dyer. Ela, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Fmkelnburg, lfaisrht, Kaldoman, Haw-
kins, Il.uvley, Hay, Hays, Heflin. Ingcrsoll, Judd,
Kerr, Knott, Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall, McOrary,
Mel/re w, McNeely.Mercur, 13 uakim H. Moore, Jesse
11. Moore, William Moore, Morgan. Packard, Packer,
Paine, Pomoroy, Potter, Randall, Reeves, lvice,
Rogers, Sargent, Shanks, Slocum, John A. Smith,
William Smyth, Stevenson, Stiles, Tyner, Upson,
Waid, CadwaladerO. Washburn, Willard, Williams.
John rJ\ Wilson, Winans. Witcher. and Wood-
ward—78. , ,
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Aieher,Armstrong.
Atwood, AxteU, Bailey, Banks*, Byrmim, Barry,
Beaman, Bennett,Benton.Bingham, Blair, Booker,
Bowen, Boyd, George M. Btoous,Buckley. BurdeU,
Roderick R. Builcr, Cake, Calkin. Cessna, Cburchiil,
Wuliani T. Clark. Ciinton L. Cobb, Conger, Conner.
Covode, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Dox, For-
ms. Ferrv, Fitch, Fox, GaiHeld, GeU, Gibson, Haiti,
llamill, Hamilton, Harris Hoar. Hooper, ILorchkiss,
Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Kelley,Kellogg, Kel-
Pey, Ketcham, Jvnapp, LalliiK Lash.^Logan, L\nch,
M,jyham, Mayn.ird, McCarthy, MelC^e, MeXvcnaio,
Daniel J. Mono!!. Morrissev. Myers, Negle.v, New-
sham, O'Neill, Peck, Perce, Peters. Phelps, Poland,
Prosser, Iloot4', Sawyer, Schonck. Seluuiuiker, Lionel
A. Sheldon. Sherrod, Joseph S. Smith, Worrhmgton
C. Smith, Starkweather, titokes. Stone, Stoughtoii,
Strickland, Strong. Swann, Talle, Tanner, Taylor,
'I ill man, Thimble, Twiclieil, Van Aukcn, Wuliam i- .
Washburn, Weil;or. Wheeler, Whitmore, Wiikin&on,
and fiugene M. Wilson—_ ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beck, Benjamin, Boles,
Buck, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Davis, Fisher, (nl-
iilian. Griswold, Hamblcton, Heaton, Hill. Hoge,
lloiman, Jenckes, Thomas L. Joncd, Julian, Lougn-
ridge, McCormn-k, Milnes, Morphia, Samuel 1. Jlor-
n!l, Mungen, Niblack, Orth, Palmer, Piatt,
Ilidgway, Sanlord, Seolield, Porter Sheldon, *• «°~
ber, Stevens, Strader, Sweeney, iovynsend. Van
Horn, Van Trump, VanWyek, Vooiliees, >  OiL,
Winchester, and Wood—io.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
