1870.
THE CONGRE88K3ME < GLOBE.
2863
men to whom I have referred ; and when 1
brought the matter to the attention of the gen-
tleman from Arkansas he referred to my con-
versation with these gentlemen. I ask them
to state whether there was anything in the con-
versation that related in any way to the tariff;
whether I did not say that having been so much
pressed by business bs to have been unable to
examine the papers in the case I should ad-
here to a rule which has governed me not only
in election cases, but on other questions where
I have been unable to examinethe papers, and
would follow the report of the committee. I
now ask the impressions of these gentlemen.
Mr. ORTH. In response to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] 1 desire to
?uv that the conversation to which he alludes
wns as it has been stated by him. The word
'' tariff" was used: but his statement was that
he had been so much engaged in connection
with the tariff that he had not been able to
examine the papers in this case. [Several
Members: "Louder!"} I say the gentleman
remarked that he had been so much engrossed
in examining the details of the tariff and in
Ereparing for its discussion in this House that
e had not had time to examine this election
case from Louisiana, but that he wonld follow
the rale which he had usually adopted and act
with the majority of the committee. I under-
stand, however, from my friend from Arkansas,
that he did not allude to any conversation that
took place between the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania and myself.
Mr. ROGERS. I do not now remember that
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth] was a
Farty to the conversation at the time to which
have referred, though he may have been.
Mr. ORTH. I heard no such remark as the
gentleman states.
Mr. KELLEY. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Moore] that lie may state
his recollection. I ask him to state whether
the conversation was not a long-continued one,
I having my face turned toward hiaa and the
gentleman from Illinois, and away from the
corner at which the gentleman from Arkansas
heard the conversation?
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
my recolleetion of this conversation is sub-
stantially the same as that of my friend from
Indiana. I remonstrated with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] against the
principle which he stated would govern his vote
in this case. It does seem to me that if he had
made any allusion to securing a vote for the
tariff by voting for the admission of this gen-
tleman I should have observed itas soon as any
other man in the House. So far as I can recol-
lect thefe was not the most distant allusion to
anything of that kind. I cannot think that he
made any such utterance, for I certainly should
have seized upon it and noticed it at once.
Mr. KELLEY. I simply desire to call atten-
tion to the fact that the two gentlemen whom I
have thus cited have not, so far as I can remem-
ber, voted with me upon a single disputed
question arising in connection with the tariff
bill; and that 1 shonld have made to them or
to my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Tillmajt,]
who reminds me that he, too, was a party to
the conversation, any such remark with regard
to the tariff as has been alleged, will hot, I
think) be believed by any one.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, nobody can
regret the occurrence of this matter more than
myself; nevertheless, I repeat what I said be-
fore—and I am borne out in the assertion by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Obth]—that
the word " tariff" was used by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania in connection with his vote
upon the admission of this claimant from
Louisiana; not, perhaps, in the way in which I
understood it; but putting the two together,
the remark of the gentleman in reference to
the tariff, together with his zeal upon this ques-
tion, about which he confessed he knew noth-
ing—I mean the question as to the seating of
a man who received 8,000 votes out of 80,000—
appeared to me a remarkable circumstanced
Perhaps in coupling the remark about the
tariff with this election matter I have in my
haste done the gentleman wrong in my con-
clusion. If so, I certainly did not intend it;
for, if I know myself, I would not intentionally
wrong any member of this House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman whether he reported* to mem-,
bers of the House that he had heard from the
gentleman from Pennsylvania a statement to j
the effect that he had voted for the admission ;
ofMr. Sypher for the purpose of getting another \
vote for the tariff?
Mr. ROGERS. I did not make any such
report.
Mr. WARD. Ji this in order?
The SPEAKER. It proceeds by unanimoug :
consent.
Mr. ROGERS. Noithing of the kind has
been said on this floor by myself. I said that
previous to taking the vote I was called on the
other side of the House where I did hear
remarks about votes being, influenced on thia i
floor as has been suggested. That is all there
is of it.
Mr. ^ARD. I hope we will hare the reg-
nlar order of business.
Mr. MYERS. I want to make a statement, ■
with the consent of the House.
Mr. STILES. We want all this delay
charged to the other side of the House.'
Mr. CULLOM. I do not object, as I under- .
stand the gentleman watits but five minutes.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, just before this
election case is passed from I desire to say a
few words which can be received with good
feeling all over the House, and which seem to
me to be quite proper to be made. Theyarise
partly from what occurred yesterday and
partly from what fell from the lips of my col-
league from Philadelphia [Mr. Randall] on
the other side of the House jnst now, when he !
called attention to the fact that the Eepub- !
lican memhers frotn Pennsylvania, afterward 1
excepting one of them, [Mr. Scofield,] voted
in favor of the claim of Mr. Sypher to a seat ;
on this floor from the first district of Louis- j
iana. Now, in reference to that latter point I
wish to observe that my record on these quea-
t ions of contested election cases is certainly as
clear and as defensible as his. I voted against
the admission of Mr. Delano on thia floor. I
voted against the admission of Mr. Wash-
burn of Indiana on this floor. My con- i
science is just aS good as that of my colleague j
or any other gentleman on this floor. So much j
for that. My colleague and I are good friends j
and there is no ill-feeling in this statement. j
Yesterday while the gentleman from Indiana !
[Mr. Kerr] was occupying the floor I asked i
him the question how many murders had oc- j
cnrred in the district of Louisiana which Mr. :
Sypher claimed to represent in this House,
and he said there were several, when there
were over two hundred. He added that I should
have been listening to his speech, and thought
it was offensive on my part because I did not
take his statement as a verity. Now, in con- j
elusion I send to the Clerk's desk an extract
from the Globe, in order to show how much
we are to believe in his statement and what ;
his own belief is in the statements he made
yesterday. I say, sir, that I ask in connection
with his vote just cast, that there was no valid
election in the first congressional district of
Louisiana 
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a point of
order. Is this in the nature of a personal
explanation ?
Mr. RANDALL. I want it to be understood
that I must be heard in reply. [Lattghter.]
Mr. MYERS. I will read them as parts of
my remarks:
"Mr. Gabfield, of Ohio. I have not, I am sorry
to say, had the opportunity to. hear all the remarks
of the gentleman on this question; and I wish to ask
him whethfer in his judgment theio wis a valid elec-
tion in the district now under consideration?
"Mr. Kerb. Mr. Speaker, I tako pleasure in
answering tho gentleman"—•
Mr. MARSHALL. In my estimation the
' gentleman is not properly making a personal
explanation; but is abusing the privilege
accorded him by the House.
Mr. MYERS. 1 am not through with my
statement.
The SPEAKER. Tha gentleman did not
ask to make a personal explanation.
Mr. RANDALL. I understood him to ask
to make a statement in reference to something
about me. If so, I want to have the privilege
of answering him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the g^ri'tlfemaii from
Pennsylvania did not rise to make a ^eftoftal
explanation, for what purpose did he ri&e ?'
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania rose, and asked to make a statement
to occupy not more than five minutes. Th6
Chair was very careful to note that the Words
'' personal explanation'' wfcre not used. The
gentleman was granted by, unanimous consent
five minutes in which to make a statement.
The Chair repeats what he had occasion to say
the other day that when aj+entlemanis making
a personal explanation, and- he travels out of
what may be justly includedin apersonalexplan-
ation, and the point of order is raised, the
Chair will not allow hitn to proceed; but the
Chair did not understand the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to rise to make a personal explan-
ation, but merely for the purpose oflnaking
a statement in reference to what h&s 'occurred
upon the floor of the House. ' •
Mr. RANDALL. He rather getttfy insti:
tuted a comparison between his tecord and
! mine in reference to these contested-election
cases. ...
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania obtained the floor to make a statement
i on the subject then pending before the House
: which was in reference to votes being influenced
i in favor of the tariff. He is how speaking to
, a subject foreign to that.
J The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
i stand that such merely was to be the scope of
j the gentleman's remarks. •"
j Mr. HOLMAN. When thte House gave the
I gentleman permission to ipeak on one subject
1 I cannot understand that he baa a right to be
. heard on another.
Mr. MARSHALL. With reference to the
remark of the Chair that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania did not state that he rose to a
personal explanation, and -that it vfas not so
i understood on this side of the House, I beg to
| say that I for one did understand that the gen-
tleman rose to a personal explanation.
' The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
1 sylvania [Mr. Myers] has two minutes remain-
ing.
Mr. MYERS. I will res time reading the
extract from the report of yesterday'S'pr6eeed-
I ings, which I had commenced when inter-
rupted : ' ' ' '
" Mr. Garfield, of Ohio. I hate not, I am sorry to
say, had the opportunity to Ifeaarall thoretoarks of
the gentleman on this questioa; and I iipsb.to ask
him whether in his judgment there was a valid elec-
tion in the district now under consideration ? •
"Mr. ICkkr. Mr. Speaker;! take pleasure in an-
swering the sentleiaan: and-in, answering him with
I as much sincerity as if I were at this moment enter-
ing the very presence of God himself, that in my
II deliberate judgment as a member of thia House, as
:: a man, and as a lawyer, thor&Wiisheld. in each and
i ■ every one of the parishes of the Srst district of Louis-
i iana a legal and a valid election, and that this House
ought so to hold. It possesses the elements of a legal
I and. valid election.with irregularities here and there,
II with violence here and there to somo extent and
I! at times. Still I say to the gentleman tnat it was a
; i legal and valid election; and it ought to be so held
! j by Congress."
I think, then, that it is well that I did not
take the gentleman's statements yesterday as
verity, when to-day we find him recording his
I vote in support of the proposition that, there
II was no valid election.
i! [Here the hammer fell.]
