2854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
eay a word.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
Mr. KERR. I hope I will be allowed to say
a word.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a personal explanation.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to object. This
shameful proceeding has gone far enough.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" from the
Democratic side of the House.]
The question was put on Mr. Negley's mo-
tion that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot be
recognized for that purpose while the House is
dividing.
Mr. COX. My point of order has reference
to the fact of the House dividing. It is that
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] was
on the floor for a personal explanation when
the question was put.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York must be simply trifling with the House.
Mr. COX. I was not trifling in that regard.
On the motion to adjourn there were, on a
division—ayes 17, noes 103.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a personal explan-
ation.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman requires
unanimous consent to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. KERR. Can I not ask permission of
the House?
The SPEAKER. That can only be done
under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to state 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
be heard if he objects to other gentlemen being
heard.
Mr. STEVENSON. If I cannot state my
reason for rising, then I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regu-
lar order.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. It
is this: that the Chair should have stated to
tbe House the request of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to be permitted to make
a personal explanation before any objection to
his doing so could be in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did so state.
But even if he had not done so, the point of
order would be overruled, because the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] or any
other gentleman, had the right to object to any
gentleman even being on the floor, except in
pursuance of the regular order, or to make a
point $f order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. Is it not in order for a
gentleman to request civilly and politely of the
House unanimous consent to be heard?
The SPEAKER, If another gentleman
objects then he would not be in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Even before the gentle-
man gets his request out?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will always
submit—as he did submit to-day—the request
of a gentleman to be heard in personal explan-
ation. The Chair will again submit the re-
quest. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] desires unanimous consent to make an
explanation in reply to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers.] Is
there objection?
Mr. STEVENSON. If I also can be heard
in a personal explanation I shall not object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
there will be no objection to the gentleman
from Indiana being heard.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope so, too.
Mr. INGERSOLL. And so do I.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am willing to with-
draw the objection on the understanding that
I will be heard also.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Ohio withdraws the objection to the gentleman
from Indiana being heard he must do so un-
conditionally. But the Chair will submit to
the House the request of the gentleman from
Ohio that he also be heard.
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot trust that
mingled combination ou the other side of the
House, and I object. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. 1 call for the
regular order;
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suggest to the Chair
that he put the two cases together, and ask con-
sent for both gentlemen.
The SPEAKER. How long a period does
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] re-
quire?
Mr. KERR. Five minutes will do.
The SPEAKER. How long does the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] wish?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the regu-
lar order of business. Let us have these things
after the House gets cool.
patent and copyright laws.
ii The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
j! begins, at ten minutes past three o'clock, and
: the House resumes the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1714) to revise, consolidate,
and amend the statutes relating to patents and
copyrights, reported from the Committee on
Patents. The gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jenckes] has three minutes of his hour
remaining.
Mr. JENCKES. I have but a single point
' remaining in explanation of this bill reported
to the House during the last morning hour,
and I give notice to the House that at the close
i of my hour I shall yield the floor without call-
ing the previous question either upon the bill
or the amendments, in order that the Chair
may assign the floor to some other gentleman
in whose time the amendments proposed by tbe
committee may be considered.
The propositions submitted by the commit-
tee are few, clear, definite, and precise in their
language, and if any gentlemen wish to move
amendments to any of them I propose to afford
them an opportunity to do so. An addition
has been made to the law of copyrights, to
which I did not call the attention of the House
in my previous remarks. We have extended
the privileges of that law from time to time to
other subjects than those originally embraced
in it. For instance, by a law passed some
four or five years ago they were extended to
photographs and negatives thereof. We now
propose to extend them to paintings and works
of art, believing that an artist has as much
right to the exclusive reproduction of his own
works as an author or engraver.
The committee have also considered the
eflect of the proposed revision upon all exist-
ing legal rights, and in the clause of repeal and
the schedule of acts repealed referred to in it
they have carefully preserved every existing
right, extending the remedial provisions of this
act to all proceedings and suits hereafter com-
menced, so that where remedies are enlarged
they will be available to all those who shall
seek those remedies upon existing rights here-
after. That is the principle by which the com-
mittee has been governed in offering amend-
ments to the bill and also in considering the
report of the commissioners of revision. Their
object has been, not to disturb any existing
rights or to take away any remedies, but to
enlarge the remedies in every case where they
could do so consistently with the principle of
the law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I do not propose, after the
elaborate remarks of the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Jenckes] upon the character and
merits of this bill, to occupy the time of the
House by any remarks of my own. I propose,
however, to permit such remarks to be made
upon the bill by others and certain amendments
to- be offered which I understand gentlemen
desire to submit; and I will yield first to the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] to offei
an amendment.
Mr. PETERS. I move to add at the end
of section eighty-six the following:
And the Librarian of Conarrcss shall reccivo a
yearly compensation of $3,500, to commence when
this act shall take effect.
Mr. Speaker, those members of the Hoiibe
who have read this bill will see that it impose-:
upon the Librarian of Congress very great ly in-
creased labors. His salary now is but $2,500,
and I propose by this amendment to test the
sense of the House whether, in consideration
of these additional services and for other con-
siderations, the salary of the Librarian shall
not be increased from $2,500 to $3,500.
I offer this amendment in behalf of the Com
mittee on the Library, not from any otlicial
action, because they have not been able to gel
together since this bill was reported to tiio
House, but from having learned their indi-
vidual views expressed to me. They willprob-
ably speak for themselves before the amend-
ment shall be acted on.
There has been a sentiment for some time
among individual members of Congress that
the compensation of the Librarian of Congress
was insufficient. I have taken the trouble to
make an analysis of the duties which he is
called upon to perform under the law as it now
stands, and also a brief analysis of the duties
which he will be called upon to perform under
this bill should it become a law.
The duties of the Librarian of Congress, with
his present salary ot' $2,500 a year, are, first,
the constant oversight the year round of a
library now numbering nearly two hundred
thousand volumes, much the largest library in
the United States; second, the care of from
ten to twelve thousand new books added every
year, all of which have to be collated, cata-
logued, bound, and assigned to their proper
places, under one responsible eye ; third, the
careful reading of several thousand catalogues
annually of auction sales and book stocks in
Europe and America, to secure eligible and
economical purchases; fourth, the vigilant
watching of all new issues of the press and care-
ful selection of books for purchase ; fifth, the
preparation and printing of full catalogues of
the Library, involving careful critical revision
of titles in most of the languages of Europe.
Ours is the only Government Library in the
world which issues annual printed catalogues.
Sixth, the receipt and care of copyright pub-
lications to the number of from four to six
thousand annually, and the issue of over one
thousand requisitions to proprietors of delin-
quent copyrights. The enforcement of this
law requires much time and incessant vigilance.
Seventh, the care and oversight of an exchange
of all public documents and publications of
bureaus and departments with foreign Govern-
ments for their publications ; eighth, the fur-
nishing of immediate information in all depart-
ments to Congress and to the public at call.
. Under this bill, if it shall become a law, the
duties of the Librarian of Congress will be
increased by making him the respon&ible regis-
ter of copyrights for the whole United States,
besides transferring to his care the large library
of copyright matter now accumulated at the
Patent Office. This will require the issue of
from four to six thousand copyright certificates
per annum, and he is also required to give an
additional bond in the sum of $5,000 for the
payment of all fees received into the Treasury.
Considering the complex and responsible
charaoter of his other duties, and the fact that
he is required by the steady exactions of busi-
ness to be at his post of labor the year round,
while the officers of the House and Senate are
mostly relieved from labor during the recess of
Congress, it would seem but fair that the Libra-
rian s compensation should be at least $3,500
per anaum. It is now but $2,592, which is
