1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4743
effect of law within their respective territorial
limits.
Sir, the original provision ofthe Constitution,
as every gentleman will remember, was not that
the enumeration and apportionment should be
made at the end of every ten years, not that it
should be made every ten years, but that an
apportionment should be made within every
succeeding ten years after the first apportion-
ment, which should be made within three years;
and this bill is literally in the words of the Con-
stitution an apportionment within ten years.
Sir, the American people will not listen to that
kind of logic. The question involved in this
controversy is whether for two years to come
seven millions ofthe fiee men of this country,
bound to bear arms in its defense in war and
to contribute revenue in peace for the support
of the Government, shall be denied represent-
ation in the Congress of the United States;
and if this bill or some bill like it be not passed
no such quibbling will answer to those seven
million men for that denial.
I assert as my own conviction that it is as
much the sworn duty of the Congress of the
United States to make this apportionment for
the Forty- Second Congress as it was the sworn
duty of the Congress of the United States to
make a reapportionment within every succeed-
ing ten years after the apportionment of 1790,
because it is so written in the second section
of the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution. I remember that the question
was considered at the time by the whole joint
committee, which I may be pardoned for refer-
ring to, whether it was necessary to make a
farther provision for an enumeration to carry
that amendment into effect; and according to
my recollection there was not a dissenting
opinion that the provision of the amendment
was ample for every purpose connected with
it. In that amendment is a provision which
never was in our Constitution before, that
" representatives should be apportioned among
the several States according to their respective
numbers, countingthe whole number of persons
in each State, excluding Indians, not taxed."
No such enumeration or apportionment has
ever yet been made. Representation never
has beeu so apportioned ; it never, before the
amendment, could be so apportioned, because
the provision of the Constitution, as the House
will recollect, was that—
" Representatives shall be apportioned a,mong the
several States which may be included within this
I'mon according to their respective numbers, which
shall bo determined by addK? to the whole number
ot free persons, including those bound to service for
a term of years and excluding Indians not taxed,
three fifths ot all other pe^ous."
Omitting, as it turned out, in the present
apportionment of representation in this Con-
gress, eighteen hundred thousand citizens of
the United States declared by the first line of
that amendment to the Constitution of the
United States to be natural born citizens of the
Republic. When that apportionment was made
these eighteen hundred thousand citizens not
represented were not free persons ; they were
slaves, and were not enumerated among the
people in the apportionment of representation
any more than the cattle of the field. Now
they are free men, as clearly entitled, under
that section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States,
to twelve Representatives this day on this floor,
as is the State of Massachusetts to ten Repre-
sentatives; and for the simple reason that two
fifths of these former slaves number more than
the whole population of Massachusetts. I place
the population of Massachusetts at thirteen hun-
dred thousand. I put the two fifths who were
excluded from representation under the appor-
tionmentoflSGOat eighteen hundred thousand,
and not a soul less. I have never heard any
gentleman on this floor estimate the former
slaves of this country at less than forty-live
hundred thousand, two fifths of whom would
be eighteen hundred thousand.
That question, then, among others, whether
these emancipated citizens shall Be represented
in the next Congress is involved in the passage
of this bill. I ask gentlemen to remember, when
they come to decide this question, that these
people, thus lately made free, constitutes a
separate and distinct race.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. JUDD. I now yield to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynahd,] for live min-
utes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I want but a minute or
two more to complete my remarks.
Mr. JUDD. Very well, I will yield to the
gentleman to complete his sentence.
_ Mr. BINGHAM. I ask gentlemen to con-
sider that these eighteen hundred thousand
people hold in their hands to-day at least three
hundred thousand ballots, a strength sufficient
to decide the fate of any party in this country.
And you could inflict upon them no greater
injury or wrong than to say, by reason of our
refusal to pass this bill, that they shall be sub-
ject for two years longer to the former appor-
tionment of representation. Gentlemen seem
to forget that the old battle-cry ofthe Revolu-
tion was "No taxation without representa-
tion." It is no answer to say that the increased
whiter population of the country are also de-
prived for two years longer of the increased
representation to which they are entitled. That
is but an additional reason for the passage of
the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thegentleman will excuse
me for asking if he has not now reached a good
place to stop.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; lean stop at
any time.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I understand the prin-
ciple involved in the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] I have no
hesitation in saying that I am totally opposed
to it. It presupposes that the person elected
is a Representative only of those who voted for
him, or of the people of the district in which he
was elected, and not of the whole people. That
is not the tiue theory of this Government. A
Representative on this floor represents the whole
country, not only those who voted for him,
among the people of the district fiom which
he was elected, but the entire population. And
limiting the matter to his own district, he rep-
resents everybody in it, as well those of his
own political party as those of the other party.
Now, the best method of preserving the purity
of election in this country, upon which out-
whole system of government depends, is to
bring the individual voter, in the exercise of
his personal volition, to the ballot-box, there
to cast his vote for the man of his choice. If
this could be perfectly carried out it would
make our system perfect. But in the nature
of things that cannot be done. There must
be more or less of organization ; and the ten-
dency of oar institutions, as we all of us have
seen, is to organize political parties into polit-
ical machines, machines which a few persons
are veiyapt, in the language of the times, "to
run." It is that which brings about the cor-
ruption, dishonesty, and unworthiness in our
poVnical system, which is a sorrow to ourselves
and a leproach in the mouths of our enemies,
wherever they may be.
Asa means of preventing this, as far as pos-
sible, the endeavor has been to subdivide the
country into districts of small territorial extent,
each of which is entitled to elect a single Rep-
resentative, and then to throw open the elec-
tion to all the electors in that district, he who
shall lfCeivc the highest number of votes—he-
cause the plurality system has obtained gener-
ally all over the country—to bo accepted as the
designated officer for the limited time to which
his term is fixed by the Constitution and the
laws.
Nov,- the system proposed by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] would carry the
maeh.nury of election, not only a step, but a
bow-shot beyond anything which has ever been
contemplated. You would thereby convert the
individual voter into a mere atom in the mov-
ing mass of electors, with no more power of
volition, with no more exercise of individual
judgment, in short, withno morepoliticalrights
than has the private soldier with his musket
on thie battle-field.
We can very easily see how this is to oper-
ate. Who are to name the candidates? How
many shall be named for the minority? And
then, which of them are to have the two or
three or four votes cast? B'or to make this
system efficient there must be a cooperation
throughout a very large section of country—
too large to allow any consultation to be had.
The matter will be managed by a sharp and
cunning few ; the unprincipled, the unscrupu-
lous, the men who make politics a trade; the
men who grow rich by holding office, and by
making officials. This, and nothing else, will
be the result. I trust that we shall not have
any such system as this incorporated into our
politics. 1 trust we shall not inaugurate it by
a vote of this House.
The gentleman from Illinois says that the
system has been attempted in the proposed
constitution ofhis own State. I certainly hope
it will work much better than I believe it will.
I shall be gratified in this instance, as in every
other, to find myself mistaken when I have
the misfortune to differ with those who have
the control of public affairs. But I expect to
see in the gentleman's State, and wherever
else this principle may be tried, the system of
political management, of chicanery, of party
machinery carried to an extent that few have
ever dreamed of. Why, sir, forty years ago
"King Caucus" was denounced as a tyrant
whose reign was intolerable. Yet if the sys-
tem proposed in this amendment were carried
out it would give "King Caucus" a power
which he has never yet had. We are told that
this system is advocated by some doctrinaires
across the water. The system may do there;
but, in my opinion, it will not do here.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JUDD. I now yield five minutes to my
colleague, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I have but a word or
two to add to what I have already said on this
sftbject. The suggestion of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Btnrham] in regard to the
constitutional power of Congress on this ques-
tion seems to me wholly unfounded. The
Constitution declares explicitly that Congress
shall have power to determine the times,
places, and manner of electing members of
this House. That power has been exercised.
Members of this House were originally elected
by general ticket; for a long time that mode
of election was almost universally practiced
throughout the country. Every elector had as
many votes as there were members to be elected.
The difference between that system and the
present plan is that each voter was then allowed
to cast but one vote, and one alone, for each
member to be elccted ; and hence the majority
had no possible chance to elect any one; their
power under that system was entirely ex-
hausted. Hence, Congress exercised the power
of compelling the States to elect members by
the district system, each district being allowed
but one member. Representatives are now
elected in this manner by virtue of that exer-
cise of power by Congress. I deny that the
States have any power, without the consent of
Congress, to adopt the principle embodied in
my proposition. No such power is recognized
by the Constitution. The States do not de-
termine the manner of election ; it is determ-
ined by the law of the Congress, and this power
has been exercised. The States now elect
their Representatives under the law of Con-
gress, not under any State enactment.
This question has been thoroughly examined
by a select committee ofthe Senate, who gave
nine!.; time and labor to the subject. That com-
mittee was composed of Mr. Buckalew, Mr.
An'tiioxy, Mr. Rice, Mr. Mortox, Mr. Flu by,
Mr. Warxeu, and Mr. Wade. There was no
