1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1911
the South contrary to those of tbo North, but it has
modified the character and changed the habits of the
natives of the South."
The interests of the South are scarcely more
at variance with those of the North than are
those of the East with those of the West. Indi-
vidual States lying side by side have certain
diversities of interests, and may be rivals with
each other in shaping the industrial policy of
ihe country. Mountains and mines, factories
and forges, prairies and plantations, marts and
manufactories, the land and the ocean, have no
doubt their facilities and adaptations, and iu
particular cases the advantage of the one oper-
ates to the disadvantage of the other. But on
the whole it may be affirmed with confidence
that what is for the interest of the South is
likewise for that of the North and West. It was
slavery that was sectional; it was slavery that
aroused vehement passions, called forth sharp
diversities of opinions, and culminated in blood
and war. With the destruction of African
slavery in the bosom of this free, democratic,
Christian Republic the antagonistic and irrec-
oncilable differences of opinion, character, and
habits must die out. Henceforth but one civil-
ization shall hold undisputed supremacy, whose
star-like virtues of freedom, humanity, and jus-
tice—
" The master light of all our seeing,"
shine down upon us with more benignity and
eS'ulgence than ever before. Its unifying, har-
monizing, elevating influences shall permeate
the people and extend to the ever-expanding
limits of the nation.
Sir, there is another good reason for this
liberal course. It is to insure the ascendency
at the South oftheRepublican party; the party of
equal rights—^-the party of peace. And I have
a right to avow this party purpose, believing as
1 do that on the continued ascendency of that
party depends the peace and safety and pros-
perity of this great nation. So long as you
continue these disabilities now imposed you
check the natural growth of that party at the
South. You say to all the young men who shall
have arrived at their majority before the next
presidential election, "You mustvote with the
Opposition." Solong asyoukeepasinglefather
disqualified, you must expectthathis son when
he casts his first vote will cast it against you.
livery young man who arrives at the age of
twenty-one years will naturally vote against
you so long as you keep his brother or uncle
or any other relative under disabilities. We
wish to have a fair chance to dividethevote of
the young men of the South. In a fair field
we will take our chances and prove to the
country that our principles can and will win to
the support of our party a large share of these
young men.
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I have confidence in
the durability of reconstruction and its adapt-
ation to the wants of the people of the South.
Your work there will stand like solid masonry,
defying the " tooth of t"',ne.'' What you have
done was just, therefore it could not be denied ;
it was necessary, and therefore it was adopted.
It will stand' unsupported and alone because
we are contending for good government and
righteous laws, and because justice &nd free-
dom must at last triumph in human affairs.
With the restoration of the Union, with the
adoption of the fifteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution, with the Federal
authority vindicated, you may safely take the
southern States out of the pupilage in which
they have been held, remove restraints and
disqualifications, restore her citizens to the full
status of citizenship, and not hazard the rights
of any class or race. There are undoubted and
undeniable difficulties and dangers that hover
around our future pathway, but they are difii-
culties and dangers which continued disquali-
fication cannot reach or remove; it can only
add to them irritation and rancor of feeling.
Wre have to lament the bitterness and license
of some of our public journals ; we are pained
at the lawlessness of violent and baa men,
at the wrong and injustice and crime we see ;
we know the perils to which the weak and
ignorant are exposed; but we see and know
also that these are the excesses of the few, the
sins and crimes of individuals, and do not
express the temper of the South, and. must not
influence our legislation here. They do not
endanger or destroy the equality of citizenship,
and I pray you to not let them destroy the equal-
ity of States. Those free State governments you
have set up in the South, resting alike upon
all classes, and securing alike to all classes
the equal protection of the laws without regard
to race, color, or previous condition, have suf-
ficient power and vitality to maintain them-
selves against internal insurrection, to execute
with vigor the laws enacted in a constitutional
way, to preserve unimpaired in its rightful ma-
jesty the legal will of the people. The great
danger is passed. You have substituted order
for anarchy, law for force, constitutional free-
dom for despotism, and a purified for a cor-
rupted civilization. Something can, therefore,
be safely and wisely left for time to correct,
something for the recuperative energies of the
people to accomplish, something to the uni-
versal up-reaching of the masses.
I have confidence also, sir, in the republican-
ism of my adopted Alabama. In the days of sla-
very and blood and war and unutterable calam-
ity men carried it in their souls; but under your
fostering care and protecting arm they have
rooted it in her fertile soil; overarched by a
brilliant and genial sky, its growth has been
rank, its fiber is yet soft, but its first fruitage
is abundant, wholesome, andsweet to the peo-
ple's taste, and it gives promise of a lordly tree
and an abundant harvest of blessings.
Sir, the sun shines upon no State more highly
favored in every respect. She has a climate
varied, genial, and equally healthy in compar-
ison with any other. She has a soil varied and
prolific in all the agricultureal products which
give sustenance, wealth, and luxury to its cul-
tivators. She has mineral resources of surpass-
ing richness awaiting development. Her mount-
ains are pillared up with iron and coal and
copper and marble. She has vast forests of
inexhaustible and valuable timber. She has
broad valleys, decked in eternal bloom and
watered by beautiful rivers. She has water-
power which when improved, as improved it
will be, will spin and weave for the markets of
the world her great staple of cotton. She has
upon the Gulf a fine harbor, and into it flows
hundreds of miles of navigable rivers. This
State so highly favored by nature is now re-
deemed from the blight and curse of slavery.
Under the exhilarating influences^ of free
speech, free labor, popular education, and
equal administration of the laws, with new
and purer blood coursing in her arteries, and
a higher and nobler life beating in her heart,
she asks to stand, not a slave, but a free_ and
equal State in our sacred Union, her citizens
all clothed iu the equality of American citi-
zenship.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by William
J. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the
House that the Senate had passed a bill and a
joint resolution, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested, of the following
titles, namely:
A bill (S. No. 380) to authorize the refund-
ing and consolidation of the national debt, to
extend banking facilities, and to establish spe-
cie payments ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 150) to transfer
an appropriation for the public printing.
REMOVAL 01? POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. HEFLIN. Mr. Speaker, the preasnt
decade, upon the closing year of which we have
just entered, is emphatically one of progress.
During this period we have seen a gigantic
rebellion, numbering among its supporters one
third of the inhabitants ot our country, and
having for its chief corner-stone the accursed
system ofhuman slavery, crushed to earth never
to rise again. A civil war, which in the num-
bers and equipment of the armies engaged, the
extent of the lines of attack and defense, the
application of science in the invention and use
of engines of destruction, and the desperate and
sanguinary character of the struggle has no
parallel in history, has been prosecuted to a
successful termination, and the great problem
of giving liberty and equality to all men satis-
factorily solved.
We have seen an army unequaled in numbers
since that of Xerxes spring into being as if
by magic, and a few old and well-nigh worthless
vessels scattered in the four quarters of the
globe replaced by a large and well-equipped
Navy.
The world, sir, beheld in astonishment these
signs of lusty vigor in the young Republic
supposed to be irrecoverably rent asunder by
internal faction. But their wonder deepened
into admiration as they beheld the facility with
which we repaired the ravages of war. A cit-
izen army unsurpassed in discipline and effect-
iveness, the heroes of a hundred well-fought
battles, quietly dispersing to their homes and
resuming the avocations of peace, beating their
swords into plowshares and their spears into
pruning-hooks, was a spectacle so novel that
the people of the Old World scarcely credited
the evidence of their own senses. Appropri-
ate legislation, providing that none of the great
principles for which our soldiers had laid down
their lives should be forfeited, followed quickly
the success of our arms, and gave to the lovers
of liberty throughout the globe renewed hope
and courage and faith in American institutions.
Sir, traverse the length and breadth of our
country to-day, and save here and there a scarred
and crippled veteran, for whom it is the nation's
privilege to provide, you will find scarcely any-
thing to remind one that we have so lately
emerged from a four years' conflict. Even in
the States lately in rebellion is this true. The
people of that section have accepted the situ-
ation in good faith. Side by side with their late
slaves do they go to the ballot-box and sit in
their legislative halls, and so far as in them
lies they are striving as earnestly as any class
of our citizens cheerfully to comply with the
decrees of fate.
Sir, we have accomplished much. State
after State lately in revolt is wheeling into
line and keeping step to the music of the
Union, with no groan of shackled bondsman
to mar the harmony of our national anthem.
Good feeling toward the North, and a belief
that the General Government will prove faith-
ful to their interests are growing sentiments
with the people of the South. And now, sir,
that these signs of honest purpose may be
encouraged; that the old wounds which still
exist may be forever healed ; that our rising
generation may be taught not to regard the
late attempt at revolution as a " lost cause "
whose fate is to be mourned and whose mem-
ory is to be drunk in secret, but to look upon
it as a stupendous mistake, an error which if
successful would have proved disastrous alike
to them and to the country of their fathers ;
that we may give to the world a renewed ex-
ample of the generosity with which a great
nation can treat its erring children, I respect-
fully urge the removal of all political disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of t.he United States upon
those engaged in or connected with the late
rebellion.
And first, sir, I urge the removal ^ oi these
disabilities upon the ground of public policy.
The intention in making the third section ot
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
a part of the fundamental law ot the land vjs
undoubtedly to guard against a resumption ot
power by the late leaders and plotters ot tut,
rebellion. It was designed to forever prevent,
the utterance of treason upon this flooi, .m l
the reelection of men to positions of honor and
trust whose only purpose was the oveit.irow
