1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3799
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator from Illi-
nois, who is not now in his seat, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] takes an interest in the bill, and per-
haps it would be as well to let it go upon the
Calendar, so that he can have an opportunity
of presenting it, lo the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report of
the committee.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1)11) exempting from taxes
certain property in the District of Columbia,
reported adversely thereon; and the bill was
indefinitely postponed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 2005) exempt-
ing from taxes certain property in the District
of Columbia, and to amend the act to provide
for the creation of corporations in the District
of Columbia by general law, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. HO WELL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
(lie bill (II. I{. No. 20G5) to further amend the
law of the District of Columbia in relation to
judicial proceedings and preserve records of
marriages therein, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Tennessee in favor of an appropria-
tion for payment for services rendered to the
Government by Isaao Bolinger and Andrew C.
Foudrin during the late war, submitted an
adverse report thereon ; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Edward McG-hee,
of Mississippi, praying compensation for prop-
erty destroyed by the United States troops in
1864, submitted an adverse report thereon ;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the claim of Dr. Marcus Reynolds,
of Sumter county, South Carolina, a loyal man,
whose property was taken by the United States
military forces under pretext that it was neces-
sary to capture it in order to prevent it from
falling into the handsof the confederate troops,
have had the same under consideration, and a
majority are adverse to the allowance of the
claim ; but the minority of the committee place
on file a written statement of their views, which
they ask to have printed. The committee con-
sent that the case shall be put upon the Calen-
dar of the Senate for the purpose of taking the
sense of the Senate upon the question whether
Dr. Reynolds, under the circumstance, should
be compensated for his property.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there a bill ?
Mr. PRATT. No, sir ; there is no bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest, then, that the Senator, with the con-
sent of the committee, introduce a bill to-day
or to-morrow and have it, with the adverse
report of the committee, placed on the Calen-
dar ; and then it will be reached in its regular
order.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Bryan
R. Young, submitted a report thereon, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 039) for the benefit of
Bryan R. Young.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of John E.
Tappan, praying payment for wood taken for
the use of the garrison of Fort Dodge, Kansas,
in the year 1807, reported adversely thereon,
and asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that the petitioner have
leave to withdraw his petition; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John E. Tappan,
praying to be reimbursed for two hundred and
sixty cords of wood burned by the Arapa-
hoe Indians in Februaiy, 1807, reported ad-
versely thereon, and asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that the
petitioner have leave to withdraw his petition ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Eleanor Gardiner,
widow and administratrix of Henry Gardiner,
praying compensation for property destroyed
during the last war with Great Britain, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the widow of John
Robb, deceased, praying compensation for
services rendered by her husband as acting
Secretary of War, for which a judgment was
rendered by the Court of Claims against the
United States for the sum of ยง2,870 73, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Sir. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
T. H. Williams, praying compensation for ser-
vices rendered while employed by the architect
of the Capitol, asked to be discharged from its
iurther consideration; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Isaac W. Inger-
soll and J oseph Granger, contractors for build-
ing a marine hospital at the city of Detroit,
Michigan, praying compensaiion for extra
cost and losses sustained in consequence of
the change in the location of said hospital,
reported a joint resolution (S. H. No. 202)
referring the claim of Isaac W. Ingersoll and
Joseph Granger for damages under contract
for building a marine hospital at Detroit,
Michigan, to the Court of Claims ; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
MESSAGE J?UOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (II. 11. No.
100-i) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1871, and for
other purposes, in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the concurrent resolution of the House
of Representatives for printing additional copies
of the agricultural report of 18G8.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution for the
printing of five thousand two hundred extra
copies of the report of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs of the House relating to the Par-
aguayan investigation.
The message likewise announced that the
House, in compliance with the request of the
Senate of yesterday, returned the bill (S. No.
439) to grant lands to the Sierra Iron Com-
pany.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 910) establishing the right of way to the
Portage Lake and River Improvement Com-
pany, and providing for and making a grant
of land to aid in the completion of said im-
provement ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
941) granting lands to the Great Nemaha Val-
ley, Lincoln City, and Loupe Fork railway;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
AMERICAN SHIPPING.
Mr. CHANDLER. I send to the Chair a
resolution which I ask to have read for inform-
ation.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Commerce bo in-
structed to inquire and report as to the most feasible
and eiiective method for restoring the foreign com-
merce ol tho United States to American vessels.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I desire
to submit to the Senate some remarks on this
resolution in its present condition. As to do
so now would interfere with the understanding
for to-day that after the morning business is
over the report of the committee of conference
on the fifteenth-amendment bill should come
up for consideration, and as my friend fiom
Nevada [Mr. Nye] has already given notice
that he will occupy the morning hour to-mor-
row, I will state that I shall ask the Senate to
permit me to submit my remarks on Friday
morning in the morning hour upon the resolu-
tion which I have just offered. I ask that it lie
on tho table until that time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be placed on the Calendar of resolutions.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
1 he bill (H. R. No. 1G04) making appro*
priations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1871, and for other purposes, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
PARAGUAYAN INVESTIGATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following concurrent resolution of the
House of Representatives:
Resolved, (tho Senate concurring,) That thero bo
printed five thousand two hundred extra copies ot
the report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs re-
lating to tho Paraguayan investigation, four thou-
sand of which shall bo for tho use of the House and
twelve hundred lor tho use of the Senate.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
TTILBERFORCE UNIVERSITY.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to ask unanimous
consent to take up the measure for the benefit
of the Wilberforce University, which has been
debated here. There was some opposition to
it manifested; and all I want is that the Senate
shall take it up and vote on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks unanimous consent that the Senate
proceed to consider the joint resolution (S. Ii.
No. 181) for the benefit of Wilberforce Uni-
versity.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Commissioner of the Bureau of Refugees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, out of the
fund in that bureau for the education of freed-
men, to pay to Wilberforce University, situated
in Greene county, Ohio, the sum of $25,000 in
aid of the objects of the institution.
Mr. FERRY. I have no objection to this
joint resolution being considered and the vote
taken; but I do think it ought to be taken in a
somewhat fuller Senate. The measure met
with considerable opposition whenit wasbefore
the Senate the other day, it being a proposition
to take a portion of the money accruing from
the abandoned lands in the southern States,
and appropriated to the education of frfeedmeu
in the southern States, and appropriate it to a
college in the State of Ohio ; a college which
has been in existence for quite a number of
years, I think was in existence before the war,
and a college which practically is an institution
for the education of colored youth. The objec-
tion which I have to an appropriation of this
kind is not on account of its application to this
particular class of persons, but because I think
it wrong for the Government of the United
States to appropriate the public moneys for the
support of institutions of learning in the differ-
ent States. I think that this system once entered
upon, there is no telling where it will end.
Mr. POMEROY. Without interrupting the
Senator, I want to inquire if this matter is to
be debated. If so, it destroys our understand-
