47 44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
difference of opinion in the committee on this
point; nor do I think that there would be any
question in the mind of the gentleman from
Ohio if he would bring to the matter but a
small portion of his distinguished legal ability.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr, Beck]
says that this principle has never been ap-
plied. It has been applied in some of the local
elections in Pennsylvania, and has worked well.
It has been applied, although by means of a
somewhat different1 machinery, in the election
of the judiciary of the State of New York. It
is now applied in England in the election of
members of Parliament in all the counties
having more than one member. The practice
has worked satisfactorily. There is 110 diffi-
culty whatever attending its operation. I am
surprised that my friend from Kentucky should
not recognize the fact that the white men of
Kentucky are just as intelligent as the electors
of Great Britain, who have no difficulty in
understandingthis method of voting. Any man
with brains sufficient to entitle him to exercise
the right of a voter can comprehend the princi-
ple in two minutes, upon a proper explanation.
As to its creating dissensions and troubles
in the South or elsewhere, it seems to me that
it is a danger which has been conjured up by
the imagination of gentlemen, and which does'
not really exist. 1 do not think, after giving
considerable attention to the subject, that there
can he any possible difficulty in its application.
I think the principle is unquestionably wise
and salutary. It is easily applied. To pass
the bill in the form in which it has come
from the Senate would, in my judgment, be a
monstrous outrage. Manifestly the operation
of the bill will be to disfranchise hundreds of
thousands of electors, who go to the polls to
cast their votes without any hope whatever
that any effect will follow from their votes.
But 1 will not detain the House further in
reference to the merits of this debate. The
principle is easy of application ; it is wise and
salutary, and now is the best time we can have
to test it.
Mr. JUDD. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand a separate vote
on the first amendment of the Senate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope the gentleman
will not demand the previous question after he
and his friends have consumed some two hours
in discussing the bill, parceling them out in
five minutes speeches, while the opponents of
the bill have not had an opportunity of being
heard.
Mr. JUDD. How much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Two minutes.
Mr. JUDD. I hope this does not come out
of my time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman
whether he insists upon his demand for the
previous question without allowing the oppo-
nents of the bill to be heard /
Mr. JUDD. I certainly do demand the pre-
vious question when my hour has expired.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 wish to say, then, that
he insists upon the previous question after it
has already been voted down by the House,
and when he and his friends have taken up
two hours without giving five minutes to the
other side. After they have done that, I ap-
peal to the House whether it is acting fairly
and liberally toward us toinsiston the demand
for the previous question?
Mr. JUDD. 1 have no further time to yield,
and I demand the previous question on the
bill and amendments. The opponents of this
bill have had as much opportunity to discuss
it as its friends.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question, and' to yield to me for the
purpose of making a motion, and I will prom-
ise before surrendering the floor to renew the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. JUDD. What motion does the gentle-
man wish to submit?
Mr. SCOFIELD. To refer this whole sub-
ject to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JUDD. I cannot yield for that motion.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Saturday
next.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is no necessity of
dilatory motions, and this matter can be ar-
ranged if the gentleman from Illinois will con-
sent to allow me to make my motion.
Mr. LAFLIN. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded, but that we may
have a fair discussion.
Mr. J UDD. I demand the regular order of
business.
Mr. POLAND. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 withdraw the motion to
adjourn over to Saturday next.
The question recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. DICKEY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Judd and
Mr. ScortELD wore appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 72, noes 80.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I move that
the bill with the pending amendments, be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The House has twice decided that they do not
desire the previous question at this time. There
are a great many questions involved in the
measure now pending, and the first one is one
which seems to me to have been overlooked,
and that is whether we will make an appor-
tionment for representation of the people more
than once in ten years, when the census is to
be taken under the Constitution. As this bill
has never been before a committee in this
House, and has not been'much debated, that
question itself has not been much considered,
and I think it should be considered by the
Committee on the Judiciary. 1 know in this
unsettled country our restless population move
from the East and the West, and sometimes
from the North to the South, and sometimes,
too, back again.
And if we arc to follow out all the local
changes of population that may occur, not only
once in ten years, but in shorter periods than
that, we shall not only have a now apportion-
ment once in eight years, as is proposed now,
but wo ought to have a new apportionment
every two years. It would be very much like
the drawing for seats in this House. Those
who draw outside seats wish to have a new
drawing for seats every month, or every time
a new member comes in, because in having a
new drawing they have double the chances of
succeeding which a man has by drawing once.
We have therefore constant appeals to have
a new drawing for seats. And it would be the
same with regard to the apportionment of rep-
resentation if the principle on which wo have
hitherto acted should be departed from. Hith-
erto, since the foundation of our Government,
we have allowed one apportionment to last till
wo had another census, and upon that new
census we have made a new apportionment.
That is one of the questions which I wish
the Committee on the Judiciary to consider.
I wish them to consider, not only the propriety
of the proposition, but its constitutionality,
whether we arc not bound by the Constitution
itself to hold to an apportionment that has
been made till there has been a new census
regularly taken according to the Constitution.
But there is another question i nvoived in this
proposition. If this bill should pass we will
job out to others the duties which the Con-
stitution has imposed upon Congress. The
apportionment should be made by the repre-
sentatives of the people, and not by some
mathematical agent. It was said by the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] that at one
time a l)ill was passed by Congress requiring
the Legislatures, of the several States to appor-
tion their States into districts, and that thi3
was resisted, and the members elected on a
general ticket. It was resisted because it was
said by the whole Democratic party—and I
concur with them in their view—that Congress
had no business to job out the apportionment
of representation to the several States. The
Constitution required Congress to make the
apportionment by its own immediate authority,
and not by agents. By this bill we select the
Secretary of the Interior to make the appor-
tionment, and to decide upon all the delicate
questions involved in the constitutional pro-
vision in the fourteenth amendment, as to who
shall be included in the population which is
taken as the basis of representation and who
shall be excluded.
Mr. PAINE. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that, so far as that
point is concerned, this bill is precisely like
all the other bills which have made apportion-
ments of representation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think my friend from
Wisconsin is mistaken. We have required in
former acts the Secretary of the Interior to
report to Congress the facts, and upon that
report of facts Congress has acted. And this
is the constitutional mode of proceeding.
But there is another reason why I wish the
bill and amendments to go to the Committee
on the Judiciary, because a new question is
raised by the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.] That amend-
ment is worthy of consideration by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and I think we ought
to have from the committee a report, not only
upon the practicability of what is proposed by
the gentleman, but upon its constitutionality.
It has been said by the gentleman from Illinois
that we now practice in Pennsylvania the sys-
tem which he proposes. So we do in the elec-
tion of election officers, and it works well. It
is the means of preserving the ballot-box in a
great measure pure in that State. And although
we have in Philadelphia a voting population as
large as there is within the limits of New York
city, or larger, we have rarely frauds there,
simply because we have the cumulative system
of voting in the selection of election officers.
Every party is thus fairly represented by agents,
the one to watch the other. There is the
same system also, I am told, in the State of
New York. I desire that the Judiciary Com-
mittee shall have an opportunity of considering
this principle in its bearings and practical
operation.
Hut the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixg-
iiam] tells us that he wants this bill in order to
give representation to three hundred thousand
colored voters in the South. The gentleman
knows just as well as you do, Mr. Speaker,
that under pretense of putting ballots in the
hands of three hundred thousand blacks he is
only increasing the representation in this Con-
gress which will vote down their interests. The
black man now is as largely represented as the
white man in the South. But if you increase
the representation you put the increased power
in the hands of the men who all their lives long
have despoiled (he blacks, and who now perse-
cute and pursue them with their Kuklux Klans,
those ministers of darkness who follow these
people all over the South.
The gentleman from Ohio who makes his
appeal in their name really makes an appeal
for their oppressors, lie is mistaken about it.
I recollect that about the close of the war
whenever there was any wrong to he done,
whenever there was some great fraud to be
committed, they used to try to do it in the
name of the soldiers, whom the people loved
and respected and wanted to benefit; and
since that is played out, every time some great
wrong is to be done to the country, some fraud
on the country is to be practiced, they bring
in the name of the blacks, with whose misfor-
tune the whole country sympathizes. And it
