2856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
nominated by the President and confirmed
by the Senate, and who are quite his equals
in every respect. I understand that the opin-
ion of the Committee on Patents is that this
provision as to establishing rules and regula-
tions for the proceedings does not apply to the
conduct of the employes of whatever class. But
the difficulty is that the Commissioner has made
a series of time-tables, and other rules and
regulations covering the acts of the employes,
which he has applied to the examiners, who are
his equals and coordinates, and who ought not
to be in any way under him. Therefore I want
to put in this langaage to exclude the idea of
his having any such power. I am willing that
he should govern his clerks and laborers and
all who hold under him, but I am not. willing
that he shall have the power of annoying and
disturbing, if he chooses, the men who are
appointed by the same power as he is and
with the same rank.
Mr. JENCKES. I think I can show the
gentleman from Massachusetts that his amend-
ment is not needed. This power to make rules
and regulations is to apply to the proceedings
in the Patent Office, and not at all to the per-
sons employed there; and the rules and regu-
lations to which the gentleman refers, and of
which he complains, are made by the Com-
missioner under the power in the existing law,
which is reprinted in this bill, at the end of
section ten, in the following words:
" They shall be governed in their actions by rules
prescribed by him."
That power we propose to take away. It is
part of the recommendation of the committee
that these words shall be stricken out from the
existing law, and that the power which the
Commissioner shall have and ought to have
shall be that of regulating the manner in which
proceedings shall be conducted in his office:
the rules of court, so to speak, not the rules of
decision but of government. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The ex-
planation which the chairman of the Committee
on Patents has put on record will obviate the
necessity of the amendment I had proposed.
I therefore withdraw my amendment. But
I desire to make another, in the ninth line of
the tenth section. The section, as reported
from the committee, reads thus:
The examiners-in-chief shall be persons of compe-
tent legal knowledge and scientific ability, whoso
duty it shall be. on the written petition of the appel-
lant, to revise and determine upon the validity of
the adverse decisions of examiners upon applica-
tions for patents, and for reissnes of patents, and in
interference cases; and when required by the Com-
missioner they shall hear and report upon claims for
extensions, and perform such other duties as he may
assign them.
I want to strike ont the words " he may assign
them," and insert in their place the words
"may be assigned them by law." The chair-
man of the committee will see that under the
words "and perform such other duties as he
may assign them" the Commissioner might—
thongh that would not be very likely—yet he
might put them to Bleeping out the office.
The duties should be assigned them by law,
and not by-the will of the Commissioner. That
is the point I desire to make.
Mr. JENCKES. The language which the
gentleman objects to is the language of the
existing law. As there is no hardship under
it we did not take the responsibility of recom-
mending its alteration.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Ahl But
the difficulty is that under the old law the
Commissioner has shown a disposition to in-
terfere, which the committee by this bill seek
very properly to regulate.
Mr. JENCKES. We thought we met that
objection sufficiently by taking away the power
to assign duties in the office. Bat there are
many things in which the Commissioner might
wish the services of the examiners-in-chief, but
which it would be very difficult to prescribe
definitely by lav.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
will compromise by moving to substitute the
word "like" for the word "other," so that
it will read "such like duties as he may assign
them."
Mr. JENCKES. I have no objection to that.
; Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
1 withdraw my amendment, and substitute for it
that which 1 have just indicated.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment,
as follows:
In line nine, section ten, strike out the word
"other" and insert the word "like;" so that thoseo-
tion will read:
The examiners-in-chief shall be persons of compe-
tent legal knowledge and scientific ability, whose
duty it shall be, on the written petition of the appel-
lant, to revise and determine upon the validity of
tho adversedecisionsofexaminers upon applications
for patents, and for reissues of patents, and in inter-
ference cases; and when required by the Commis-
sioner they shall hear and report upon claims for
extensions, and perform such like duties as he may
assign them.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand that
to have been the compromise offered and ac-
cepted by the two gentlemen here. The word
'• other" should remain in the text.
Mr. JENCKES. It will then read " other
like." I have no objection to that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
see that it alters it at all.
The amendment was agreed to. _
Mr. STEVENS. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Cleveland.]
Mr. CLEVELAND. This is a very im-
portant bill and one greatly needed by the coun-
try. It proposes to revise, consolidate, and
; amend the statutes relating to patents and copy-
rights.
In regard to the firstamendment, proceeding
in the order of the bill, which I propose, it is in
| section eight, lines three and four, to strike out
i the words "including Patent Office reports."
i I do it because we decided by a vote of this
• House almost unanimously that these reports
should no longer be sent to the country through
the mails free of postage. We abolished the
franking privilege, ana if we did it in good
faith let ns stick to it. I voted for that bill in
good faith. When I voted to abolish the frank-
ing privilege I intended, so far as I was con-
cerned, to abolish it entirely and absolutely
so far as the distribution of these public docu-
ments is concerned; and yet it is revived in
this section of this bill, and by this provision
the Commissioner of Patents may be enabled
to distribute all the copies of the Patent Office
report that may be published. That is all I
desire to say upon that point.
I pass now to sections sixty-eight and sev-
enty. By looking at page 36 of this bill it will
be discovered that where there may be diffi-
culty in the way of the procuring of a patent
the fees will amount to $115, being as follows:
On filing each original application for a patent, $15.
On issuing each original patent, $20.
On filing each caveat, $10.
On every application forthe reissue of a patent, $30.
On filing each disclaimer, $10.
On an appeal for the first time from the primary
examiners to the examiners-in-chief, $10.
On every appeal from the examiners-in-chief to
the Commissioner, $25.
That makes in all $115. Now, I do not
oppose those fees. They are the fees placed
in the bill by the committee, and are possibly
the same as existed before. But what I pro-
pose to oppose is the imposition of additional
fees; and I understand that the Committee on
Patents are opposed to my amendment. I pro-
pose to strikeout the seventieth section, which
I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 70. On all patents hereafter granted there
shall be paid the following additional fees, namely,
at or before the expiration of the term of seven years
from the date of the patent the sum of twenty-five
dollars, and at or before the expiration of the term
of twelve years from the date of the patent the far-
ther sum of fifty dollars, and in default of the pay-
ment of either of the sums aforesaid, within the
periods aforesaid, the said patent shall be forfeited,
and the invention so patented become publio prop-
erty.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Now, Mr. Speaker,
this is a new provision introduced by the com-
mittee imposing additional fees to the amount
of $75 beyond the $115 for procuring a patent.
It is within the experience of many of the mem-
bers of this House, and it is within the expe-
rience of thousands of poor inventors in the
country, who have been assisted by the liber-
ality of our patent laws, that it takes them
half, three fourths, nearly the whole time their
patent has to run during the first term before
they can succeed in perfecting the operations
necessary under it and in getting the article
into the market or disposing of their patent.
Now, by this bill it is proposed that while the
inventor is still struggling during the first seven
years of the existence of his patent he shall pay
the Government an additional fee of twenty-
five dollars; and if he shall be so poor, as
hundreds and thousands of these inventors are,
as to be unable to pay the twenty-five dollars, he
must either raise the money by parting with an
interest in his patent to some capitalist or else
lose his patent. But if fortunately he is able
to raise the twenty-five dollars necessary to pay
that fee, then the bill proposes that five years
after that, when perhaps he has just succeeded
or is about to succeed in establishing his article
in the market, in demonstrating its value, and
in inducing capitalists to take hold of it, he
shall be compelled to pay another fee of fifty
dollars ; and if unfortunately he is unable to
pay that, then he loses his patent and the whole
amount he has already paid to the Govern-
ment—the $115 paid at the outset and the $25
paid at the end of seven years; and all the
labor, time, expense, and anxiety which he
has bestowed upon his invention in trying to
perfect it, all that is lost to him forever.
Mr. WARD. I wish to understand 
Mr. CLEVELAND. It is generally the
poorer classes of people who desire these
patents.
Mr. WARD. I understood the gentleman
to say that this bill provided for an increase
of the fees to be paid by parties who apply for
patents.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Additional fees.
Mr. WARD. To what extent?
Mr. CLEVELAND. It is not an increase
of the regular fees, as I will explain. The fees
to be paid when a patent is first issued, I un-
derstand, are to be the same precisely under
this bill that they are now.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. CLEVELAND. So I understand. I
am not opposed to those fees, but to the addi-
tional fees.
Mr. WARD. What are the proposed addi-
tional fees ? I understood the gentleman to
state that there were additional fees. It occurs
to me that these inventors pay sufficiently high
fees now, and that the fees should rather be
reduced than increased.
Mr. CLEVELAND. If the gentleman had
paid attention to what I said he would have
understood what additional fees are proposed.
At the end of seven years after a patent has
been issued an additional fee of twenty-five
dollars is to be paid, and at the end of twelve
years an additional fee of fifty dollars more;
and in default of the payment of either of
those additional fees the inventor will lose his
patent entirely.
Mr. WARD. What is the object of this
increase? Why impose those additional fees?
Mr. CLEVELAN D. I say there is no object
in doing so except to increase the revenues
of the Patent Office, which I think are large
enough already. Or, if there is any other ob-
ject in it, it is to discriminate against the poor
inventor whom the patent laws and the Patent
Office were established to protect, and in favor
of the rich inventor, who is able to raise the
money and pay these fees, after going through
seven or twelve years' labor and experiment in
trying to perfect his invention up to that point.
For that reason I am in favor of striking out
