1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
969
Stale iuid t^c amount to bo retired by each bank in
a.. 'T-i.>tice with this section,and shall, nhencircula-
t- required. make a requisition lor such amount
uponsucU baiiks.coramcncin* with the banks having
a i ircuiation e:ccet'uiii£ ;■^ in States having an
a.'r-i ot' oiu'ulation, and withdrawing one third of
: ,o:r circulation in excess ot $l,0i*UW. and then
vceedinp j.ro rata with banks having a circulation
) . V «. 1- «. M li.fc. . 11. V« !">« ~    ' ** V' • V"
exceeding: $100,000 in Mates bavius the largest excess
 t circulation, and reducing the circulation of banks
in States bavin? tho greatest proportion in excess,
l.uviua undisturbed the banks in States having a
smaller proportion, until those in greater excess have
iieen reduced to the same grade, and continuing thus
to make the reduction provided tor by this act until
the full amount of JlS.OOO.tnV* herein provided for
t!i Il be withdrawn: and the circulation so withdrawn
t-'iali be distributed anions the States and Territorias
having less than their proportion, and so as to equal-
ize the distribution of such circulation anion? such
tsatesand 'territories upon the basis provided by
this act. And upon lailure of such bank to return tho
a-.i'.'iiint so required within ninety days after said re-
quisition it shall be the duty of theComptrollerof tho
t arrcucy toseil at public auction,bavingaiven twenty
daysnotice in nuewsjiaper published in Washington
rr\ and iew \ork city, an amount of bonds depos-
ited by said bank as security for its circulation equal
to the circulation to bo withdrawn from such bank,
r.nJ with theproceeds to redeem somany of the notes
ot ,-uch bank, a> they come into the Treasury, as will
equal the amount required from it. and shall pay tho
balance to such bank: Provided, That.no circulation
snail be withdrawn from States having an excess
until after the 000,000 granted in the first section
nave been taken up.
Mr. MORION. I move to amend that
amendment by inserting "$20,000,000"' in-
stead of •'$13,000,000" in lines fourteen and
thirty-two.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator explain
the operation of that amendment?
Mr. MORTON. It will simply make the
amount 820,000.000 instead of $13,000,000.
1 he ^ 1CL PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Indiana that the
words "fifty-two" before "millions" in the
futv-ninth line should also be changed to
" forty-five.1'
Mr. MORTON. That will have to be changed
to •;fbrty-five;" and I include that in my
motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not understand the
explanation of the Senator.
Mr. MORTON. It is simply to make the
atnoant $20,000,000 to be taken from the
States of cxcess after the $45,000,000 have
i een exhausted, instead of $13,000,000, as it
stands.
Mr. SUMNER. Instead of $13,000,000 it
h proposed to take $20,000,000 from New
^ng.and. I am against that.
Mr. MORTON. I will state to the Senator
that I have proposed this amendment at the
suggestion of the Committee on Finance as a
compromise.
1 he 'N ICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to tho amendment to the amend-
ment, to strike out " $13,000,000" where it
occurs in lines fourteen and thirty-two, and
also to strike out " §52,000,000" in the forty-
mnth line and insert "$45,000,000."
Mr. SUMXER and Mr. CONKLING called
tor the yeas and nays, and they were ordered ;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 43, nays 15 :
as follows :
YEAS-Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman, Brown-
ie^rrer! h rJla??erl7'Cole CoTbctt, Davis,Drake,
fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton, Harlan, Harris, Howe
burton <?b°ston- keilogg, McCreery, Mebonald,
, ! 03bori1' P^tt, Rice, Kobertson,
N?en'eeV "•ew-f* S?,JLurz. Scott. Sherman,
ion TrmnhnW v S,tockt,0.'?' ibayer, Thurtnan, Tip-
\'a ' K'«ker^ warner, and Wilson—43.
fhandler Anth£Dy> Buckingham, Cameron,
- tianuler, Coiiklirig, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton
ferry Howard, Morrill of Maine Morrill of Yer-
m AP'rvTeri[n' Sumner, and Willey—15.
P, n.r , l~: ies'v5' Cat£eli- Lewis, Nye,
Y'X-id. ' Sprague, Williams, and
■ o the amendment to the amendment wa3
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
urK. °'1 concurring in the amendment as
uir uu« l.
' "• SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
iiay- Oil that. ['-No!" "No!"]
r. SHERMAN. It is the same thing over
again. 6
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts demand the yeas and
nays?
Mr. SUMNE U. Yes, sir; I ask for the yeas
and nays.
1 he yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 40, nays 15 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard. Boreman, Brown-
low, Carpenter, Cassorly, Corbett. Davis, I)rako,
Harlan, Harris, llowe. Howoll, Kellogg, McCreery,
JlcDona.d. Morton, Osliorn, Pool, Pratt, Kamsey,
Kice, Kobertson, Koss, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz,
beott. Sherman, Speucer. Stewart, Stockton, Thayer,
Ihurnian.Tipton, Trumbull, Tickers, Warner, Wil-
lev, and W ll-m—4o.
, ^A.V^ Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Cameron,
i imkiing, Cragm, Kdmunds, Fenton. Ferry, Fowler,
Howard, Morrill of .Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Aye. Patterson, and Sumner—l.s.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell. Chandler, Cole, Gil-
bert, Hamilton, Hamlin, Johnston. Lewis. Norton,
1 omeroy, Sprague, Williams, and Y.ites—l;!.
So the amendment wivs concurred in.
liie \ICh PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments made in the Committee of the Whole
have now ail been disposed of.
Mr. MOUIllLL, ot' Vermont. I offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end
of the proviso to section three, on page 3 :
But shall be accounted for as between the States
Irom which and to which any banks may remove.
So that the proviso will read :
Provided, That the amount of the issue of said
banks shall not be deilae ted from the amount of new
issue provided for in this act, but shall be accounted
tor as between the States from which and to which
any banks may remove.
I suppose it will be said that the section
means the same thing whether this amendment
shall be adopted or not; but I think it is not
quite clear. The Senate have already adopted
a provision by which we shall have an issue of
$45,000,000 instead of the three percent, notes,
and $20,000,000 to be taken from banks in
States having an excess, and also that banks
moving from one State to another shall not
diminish the whole amount. Now, I desire to
have it made plain to this extent: that if banks
go from one State, so that that State shall not '
have an excess, it shall not be called upon to
contribute; and if they go to swell the amount in
other States, so that they shall have their proper
quota, they shall not have a right to anything
more.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask one
question only._ If you provide " that the
amount of the issue of said banks shall not be
deducted from the amount of new issue pro- i
vided for in this act," and at the same time '
provide that it shall be accounted for a3 be-
tween the States, what will be the result legally i
of the two provisions standing together? j
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I answer the i
Senator that the other States to which no banks
will remove will of course get it, and the States
from which it will not he withdrawn or not i
removed will have to contribute. It is per- i
fectly clear. There can be no objection to the !
amendment, I think. :
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 20, noes 28.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays. I am sure the Senate do not
understand the amendment or they would vote
for it. The only effect of it is 
Mr. HOWE. If this amendment is to be
debated  i
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only desire 1
to state the effect of it. I will not occupy one
minute. You can occupy two in reply if you '
choose. j
Mr. HOWE. Is the right confined to the !
m^er.^an amendment to state its effect ? i
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; certainly i,
not. 1 he effect of it is just this : if banks shall j1
be removed from one State so as to diminish j'
the amount of capital they now have, then they'!:
shall not be called upon to contribute to this
deficiency. [i
Mr. SHERMAN. They would not be under
the law as it stands.
. Mi". -MORRILL, of Vermont. And if they
shall be transferred to othet States so as to
give those States their due amount, then those
I States shall not be entitled to any further
benefits under this act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment, of the Senator
from Vermont, upon which he demands the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to state my under-
standing of this amendment. I understand
the proposition to take $20,000,000 from tho
East and give it to the West and South is u
proposition to transfer so much banking cir-
culation from the capital of the East and let,
it be enjoyed by the capital of the South and
West, and in addition to that the bill pro-
poses to allow capital already employed in
banking in the East to go South and West and
engage in the same business ; but tho amend-
ment will substitute the right of eastern capi-
tal to do southern banking for the right of
southern capital to do its own banking. It is
a substitution of eastern capital for southern.
rl he question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 30 ; as follows:
YEAS-Mewrs.. Anthony, Buckingham, Cameron,
Chandler, ConkImg, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton.
1 erry, Gilbert, Hamlin, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of \ errnnnt, Nye, Patterson, Sherman, Stewart,
buraner, \ ickers, Williams, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, BrownJow,
Carpenter, Casserly, Corbett, Davis, Drake, Fowler,
Harlan, Harris, Howard, llowe, Howell, Johnston,
Kellogg, McCreery, McDonald, Morton, Norton,
Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, llice, ltobertson, Boss,
bflulsbury, bawyer, Schurz, Scott, Stockton, Thayer,
Tipton, Trumbull, and Warner—3G.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cattell, Cole, Ham-
llton, Lewis, Pomeroy, Spencer, Sprague, Thurman,
W llloy, and Y ates—ll.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
amendment aa an additional section :
Attd be it further enacted. That all banks incor-
porated under the laws of any State which shall
redeem their circulation in national banking cur-
rency shall be exempt from the tax imposed on their
j said circulation by the sixth section of the act ap-
, proved. March 3,1865, entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled 'An act to provide internal revenue, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses,' approved June 30,1864."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the fourth
section of the bill, page 4, line sixteen, by
adding at the end of the section these words:
"and also in the city of New Yorkj" so that
: these new coin banks shall not only redeem
I their bills at their own counters but also at
the commercial capital of the country, where
'1 they naturally tend.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That will be entirely
j fatal to the scheme. I suppose I cannot dis-
cuss it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to amend the bill
' by inserting at the end of the fourth section
the words '' and also in the city of New York;"
so that it will read:
• _ Which notes shall bear upon their face the prom-
ise of the association to which they are issued to pay
them upon presentation at the office of the associ-
ation in gold or silver coin of the United States,
and shall be redeemable upon such presentation in
such coin, and also in the city of New York.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to the honorable
Senator to insert those words after the word
"association," in the fourteenth line, instead
of at the end of the section.
Mr. CONKLING. That would be better.
Mr. WILSON. I consent to that change.
I move to insert the words "and also in the
city of New York" after the word "associa-
tion" in the fourteenth line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to amend the
fifth section, so as to strengthen these batiks,
by striking out the word " twenty-five," in the
fourth linej and inserting the word "forty,"
Whi6h ill reqttife these C6in note banks to
