1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1913
withdrawn as I would from contact with the
devil himself.
When I heard the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Buckley] who, it may be, is a northern
man by birth, pleading for a people who have
been oppressed and downtrodden as no other
people have been since the days of Cromwell
and his iron rule of Ireland, I felt that, being
in my seat, I could not resist the temptation to
say something on this subject. His remarks
are creditable to his head and heart; and if the
people of the North would hear him, if they
would understand the real situation of affairs
in the South, if we had a representation here
that was honest and patriotic, much of the bit-
terness and malice and hate which we now see
would not be exhibited, as it has been from
time to time since I have been here upon this
floor.
No, sir; since Lee and Johnson with their
scarred veterans laid down their swords the
alarm, of war has not been heard in this coun-
try. Yet, as I said before, we hear nothing
day after day but "rebel," " traitor,ku-
klux;" we hear nothing but denunciation of
the people w ith whom I have lived all the days
of my life. But, sir, I believe and feel that there
is a returning sense of justice and magnanimity
among the people of this country ; that they are
looking at the question as they should look at
it; that they are viewing in the proper and de-
served lightsome of these gentlemen who come
here as Representatives of the people of the
section which I in part represent. They regard
such men as disturbers of the public peace ;
and I hope to see sooner or later the time when
they will be held in that utter detestation in
which the followers of Christianity hold the
devil and his works.
Now, air, while I agree with almost every-
thing that has been said by my eloquent friend
from Alabama, [Mr. Buckley,] I differ with
him a little in regard to some of the measures
which the party to which I have belonged have
enacted for the government of this country.
While I cannot enterinto the heartsof men and
determine what has been the motives of my
political associates in the course which they
have pursued, I cannot avoid the conviction
that party has had too much to do in the settle-
ment of the vexed questions growing out of the
recent war. If we had been actuated by pure
motives, if we had been animated by a love of
country and by that spirit of Christianity which
ought to pervade our entire land, it seems to me
that a portion of our fellow-citizens, people of
our own kindred, connected with us by the
nearest and dearest ties of nature, would not be
held in bondage, in shackles, not even ranking
on a level with the position of the slaves they
once owned. I ask gentlemen how they can
reconcile such a course of treatment to their
own consciences?
But it is said by some gentlemen that these
people merit nothing ; that we have not dealt
with them as severely as justice demanded.
Well, sir, without making a plea in their behalf,
I ask you in the name of everything that is
good and sacred whether something is not nue
to yourselves ? I ask you whether something
is not due to the great conquering political
party of this country? I ask you whether
something is not due to the great principles
which underlie our Government? I ask you
whether you will in your spite, in your hatred,
in your malice strike down the very pillars that
uphold and sustain the Government which gives
you your official life and vitality?
Whv, sir, I cannot but recall the struggles
through which our fathers passed in order to
give us this country. Irememberthatpartof
our history with pride. By the principles of
that era let the proceedings of this day be
tested. Why, sir, the idea of taxing a people,
and at the same time denying them the right
to vote, denying them the right of self-govern-
ment, is monstrous to me, and ought to be so
to everyone trained in the principles of repub-
lican government. Yet I every day hear gen-
tlemen upon this floor talk about keeping still
in bondage, holding still in serfdom, these men
who are the peers intellectually, morally, and in
every other view, of the men who would treat
them as menials.
Why, sir, sush a policy on the part of the
Government is, to my mind, perfectly mon-
strous ; and this is my apology for any undue
warmth with which I may discuss this subject.
I am sure that ko man having in his heart the
impulses of his fathers will longer sanction the
keeping of manacles upon any part of the peo-
ple of this country. Why should not these fet-
ters be struck off? Are you afraid that there
will be resistance to the laws of the land? The
Army is at your disposal. You have a Presi-
dent with three years of his term yet unexpired.
You have a large majority in this House; you
have a large majority in the Senate. You have
the Supreme Court, composed entirely of loyal
men. I ask you whether there is any danger
of this country being overthrown by these men
whom you denominate "rebels."
As this word "rebel" is so frequently used
in this House, allow me to say a word on that
point. I have not known a " rebel" since the
surrender of Lee and Johnston. In my travels
through the South and elsewhere I have seen
no armed force arrayed in opposition to the
Government. If there were any rebellion or
insurrection existing I would not be the last
man in this House, if I were not the first, to
introduce some measure for putting down armed
resistance to the Government and protecting
the glorious flag of my country. But, sir, as I
have said, party is at the bottom of all this thing.
It is all gotten up for party purposes. And
right here the remark is made that we must
keep Georgia out in the cold two years longer.
It is urged upon the ground that it is necessary
to keep up our political power in this country.
In the name of God, has it come to this, that
there is no "virtue" in this Government ex-
cept what belongs to one party? I do not
believe it. I have been taught to measure men
according to their merits, according to their
moral worth, according to their intelligence
and patriotism, whether they belong to this or
that party.
Why, sir, do you not know that when any
party becomes dominant in this country every
shallow man joins it, because through it he
may reach power and place? It has been my
fortune or misfortune all my life to have fought
against the dominant party. I have opposed the
dominant Democratic party. I have kept my
eye upon that party so long as it was dominant
in order that no evil might come either to the
people or the Government. I was always op-
posed to the rule of that party being perpet-
uated in the land. We are now in the domi-
nant party, and we must be vigilant that its
dominance shall work no harm to the Repub-
lic. It was John Randolph who said that it
was not the party out of power of which we
should stand in dread, but it was the party in
power which should be watched. I?he Repub-
lican party is the dominant party, and it is only
from the dominant party that evil can come to
the country. So I have always said, and so I
say now.
In reference to the case of Georgia I heard
a fact upon this floor which meets with my
heartiest condemnation. It was said that a
feeling had crept into the minds of many men
here that we should override the lav/; that we
should act in defiance of the great underlying
principles of this free Government; that we
should perpetuate the men in power in Georgia
in the ofiices which they now_ hold simply
because it will give us a little brief authority.
I spurn the idea as anti-republican, as a spirit
akin to the spirit of the devil himself. Do not
let it be said that we who boast so much of lib-
erty, of representative government, of a Gov-
ernment of the people, absolutely give coun-
tenance to and sanction a principle which will
perpetuate men in office against the sovereign
will of the people themselves. I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read an article on this sub-
ject, and I will remark that I believe it is from
a great authority. It is an editorial from the
Chicago Tribune, a leading Republican paper
in the West, and I indorse every word of it,
and believe every patriot in the country will
indorse every word of it.
Mr. ELDEIDGE. As the gentleman says,
it is good authority, and I indorse every word
of it.
Mr. ROGERS. I believe it is, and that the
editorial will be indorsed by every patriot and
every man who loves the flag of the country.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Geovgiain Bonds.—The bill proposed by General
Butler to prolong the control of the State of Geor-
gia in the hands of Governor Bullock and the present
Legislature will not meet the approval of. the coun-
try, and we can hardly account for the dcgrco of sup-
port it seems to find at the hands of Republicans in
the House. We look to the Senate to defeat it with-
out doubt, whatever the action of tho House may be.
It will be remembered that the House lias already
been called upon to take a questionable and unpre-
cedented course in expelling the delegation from
Georgia after an act had been passed readmitting
that State, and after a portion of its delegation had
taken their seats in the House. Such action was
excused by the eourso of the Legislature of Georgia
in expelling its colored members; but it at least
showed precipitancy and want of due consideration
in tho JHouse that it should be obliged in this man-
ner to retrace its own action, and remand a State to
its provisional government, whose Representatives
had, in part, already been sworn in as members of
Congress. Such precedents are dangerous, and,as
far as possible, should be avoided.
"After once remanding the State to its provisional
form—after seeing the old Legislature reassembled,
the colored members restored to seats in that body,
the members who could not take tho test-oath ex-
pelled—it is now proposed by General Butlek to tide
the State over the next election under its present
officers so as to securo two years more of so-called
Republican ascendency. On behalf of the Repub-
lican party we object to any such dirty proceeding.
If the people of Georgia want Republican officers
let them elect them. If they want Democrats or
alligators in their State offices let them elect them.
We have now arrived at a stage in the work of
reconstruction where the past is absolutely irre-
versible. The fifteenth amendment will be pro-
claimed as soon as the provisional governments
voting for it—Georgia and Texas—arc readmitted.
Not only is liberty secure, but universal suffrage
will be thereby made secure. This obtained, the
warrant for holding any southern btate in shackles
ends, and tho further enslavement of theso States
by Congress becomcs a wrong and an outrage, as
promptly to bo resented and guarded against by
the whole power of the country as the further
enslavement of the African portion of their citi-
zens. Individual rights being secure, and the sov-
ereignty of the nation being undisputed, State rights
must now come in for their proper share of pro-
tection. We hope Congress will recognize this fact
by admitting Georgia promptly without limita-
tions. Ko paltry shackles they can impose upon
tho aotion of her people will serve the cause ot
equal rights at all, especially when they would
thereby delay the admission of tho State ana the
proclamation of universal suffrage, which will bo
made as soon as Georgia and Texas are admitted,
and not before."
Mr. ROGERS. That is an editorial from
the Chicago Tribune, a paper which I have
read with much interest for several_years. I
hope gentlemen, after hearing it, will not get
up and say " Mr. Rogers has run off the track
and gone over to the Copperheads." The
article is true. That js what I understand to
be Republican principles. That is genuine
republicanism in its purity. It is not the fungous
growth of which we have had so much here.
That is republicanism as I understand it, and
goes back to the great ideas and principles which
underlie this Government, that the people must
be represented by men of their own choice.
But, sir, after I have said thus much gentlemen
may say, "Have you no word of condemnation
for the Kuklux and all those traitorous fel-
lows down there?" Mr. Speaker, wnen that
question comes up you will find me taking my
position upon it as I have taken my position
upon this question. But I do pot intend to
let myself be dragged off in this way by the
mad-dog cry of rebel or traitor when 1 am
° . <> _  r x<rn
lllCliVO. AO 1B  Dlij 1 ,
dignity of a man of intellect and man
attempt thus to scare off the timid and a^ary
by these frightful tales of Kuklux, hobgob-
lins, rebels, or traitors. No, sir, I have seen
