4746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
fully vigilant. Increase the number of mem-
bers, make this body anything like as numer-
ous as the British House of Commons, and
absenteeism becomes a confirmed ami incur-
able evil. In the House of Commons, with six
hundred and forty members, the work is done
on almost all ordinary measures by less than one
hundred members. Forty constitute a quorum
in that body. It has been found impossible
to hold members in attendance on ordinary
occasions, and it has become necessary to fix
upon this insignificant number as a quorum.
There is never anything approaching a full
attendance except when there has arisen some
question of absorbing interest or vital moment,
which would result m the dissolution of the
Parliament or the continuance in power or
dismissal of a ministry. Then the party whip
is applied, and members are brought in from
all over England, France, and the German
States, where they have gone for business or
pleasure, and thus something near a full vote
is obtained. 1 trust we shall never see such a
state of things in this body, the American
House of Commons. I never want to see the
day when, out of a vast number elected to this
House, only a few men will stay here from day
to day attending to the general legislation of
the country, while to get a full vote upon the
more important questions it will be necessary
to send all over the country, from Maine to
California, to bring members in.
Besides, sir, it contracts the freedom and
the scope of debate. It may be questionable
whether we should have more or less debate;
but if a measure be important it is important
that it should be discussed, and out of that
discussion may come some kernels of good.
An increase of the number of members here
would be in fact to diminish the value of each
one of the Representatives here to his constit-
uency. This evil of increased representation
would make the American House of Repre-
sentatives little better than a mob; and, com-
pared with this, the consideration whether a
State shall have in the Forty-Second Congress
and for the years following an additional Dum-
ber of members sinks into absolute insignifi-
cance. Whether you shall have only two hun-
dred andforty-threemembers, oranunruly, irre-
sponsible body vastly increased, is a question
as important to the American people as most
that are ever before Congress. Whether Maine
shall have her present number in the next
decade, or be cut down to four, as I believe
she will be with the House kept at two hun-
dred and forty-three members, as 1 hope it will
be, is a matter of no importance. If it, comes
to my lot to be left out, I guaranty that my
State will have a delegation of'four amply capa-
ble to care for her interests. Whether I am left
out, or some one else, is of no account compared
with the evils impending from an increase.
Whether Iowa or Illinois or any other State
shall increase her representation in the Forty-
Second Congress, and thereby give room for
sundry ambitious and struggling gentlemen who
want to come here in addition to the able and
effective delegations those States have here
now to take care of their interests, pales into
absolute insignificance. Theotheris thegreat
question involving the interests of the whole
country for generations yet to come. It should
not be put through under the whip and spur
of the previous question. It should be given
to the Law Committee of the House, who will
investigate these questions to their lowest
depth, and give us the result of their mature
consideration.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now yield for three min-
utes to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judd.]
Mr. JUDD. I am very much obliged to my
friend from Pennsylvania for even the few
minutes he has allowed me. I desire to reply-
to the question of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. laflin,]aswellas to thegentleman
from Maine, [Mr, Hale,] who has just taken
his seat. The history of this whole question in
a few words is this: pending the consideration
of the census bill I offered various amend-
ments to the several sections of that measure,
to create a new apportionment, in concert with
my friends on this floor. In order to have a
discussion of the principle of the thitig I intro-
duced an independent bill, referred it to the
Committee of the Whole, and entered a motion
to reconsider. That motion came up for debate,
and on that motion all of the debate occurred.
The House refused to reconsider the reference,
and left pending before the House for its con-
sidei-ation the question as presented on the
census bill. When the question came up on
the census bill the gentleman managing it
struck out the two sections to which it was
applicable. The question reconsidering the
pending bill was no test on the floor of this
House, because every member knew that the
question was to be reached on the census bill
then pending.
The question was fully discussed. My friend
from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] I think, discussed it.
I am not mistaken, I think, that he discussed it,
and discussed it fully. Other gentlemen dis-
cussed it, and discussed it fully.
One word as to the question of courtesy on
the part of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
He used harsh language. He charged me with
being discourteous, and alleged as a reason
that the discussion had been entirely on our
side. If he had paid any attention to the debate
he would have seen that he was mistaken. My
colleague, [Mr. Marshall,] thegentleman from
New York on the other side, [Mr. Cox,] the
gentleman from New York on this side, [Mr.
Laflin,] and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] all of them, if we can judge from
their remarks against the bill, addressed the
House before any one was heard in favor of the
bill. Then I took the floor and made some
remarks. I yielded to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,] to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] and to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] and as my
hour was just expiring 1 demanded the previous
question. The debate so far had been four to
four. When the gentleman from Pennsylvania
said that his side had no chance to debate the
proposition, four had spoken in favor of the
bill while four had spoken against it. I moved
the previous question because my time was just
about expiring, arid not from any discourtesy
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I believe
I have said all that the subject requires.
Now, I will sa.y just one word on the merits
of this proposition. A reference to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary has been moved by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and I desire to
say to all who are the friends of this measure,
however they may differ about details, who
desire to have the measure, either in this form
or some other, that if that motion is carried
the measure i3 defeated. If it is not carried,
then the amendment of my colleague [Mr.
Marshall] will come up to be voted on, and
then the amendments of the Senate, if the
Honse so pleases, may be non-concurred in,
and the question will go to a committee of con-
ference. Hut if the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania prevails, the measure is
defeated for this session.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Van Wxck.]
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Speaker, I have
been listening carefully to this debate, but have
failed to ascertain that there is any necessity
lor this unusual legislation at this time. I admit
that much that has been said by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Judd] and other gentlemen
in this debate, in regard to the right of their
people to an increased representation on this
floor, is true. But I fail to see why that in-
creased representation should be given prior
to the time provided by the Constitution and
the previous legislation of the country.
I think there is one point in the bill, a refer-
ence to which will show the necessity of refer-
ring the bill itself to a committee, which will
have time to digest it properly. I desire to
call the attention of gentlemen to a provision
in the bill, which I shall read:
If the representation of any State shall be increased
or diminished by such apportionment any additional
Representative or Representatives of such State so
increased, and all tlie Representatives of any State so
diminished, in tbe Forty-Second Congress shall be
chosen by the State at large.
If, then, it shall appear, upon the examin-
ation provided for by the bill, that the State of
New York is entitled to one Representative less
thanthenumberslienowhas, that in the newap-
portionment she is entitled to but thirty instead
of thirty-one Representatives, as bow—I do
not know whether that will be the case or not,
I merely make the supposition—then this bill
provides that the whole of the Representatives
of the State of New York shall be elccted by
the State at large. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois what right he has to impose such a
change in the system of representation on the
State of New York or any other State in the
Union? That is a proposition which comes
before the House, pure and simple, to be voted
on as a part of this bill.
I ask the gentleman from Illinois and his
friends if the presence in tbe bill of such a
proposition as this is not of itself a sufficient
reason to justify the sending of the bill to soro 
committee to mature it and to bring it a little
more into accordance with tliat sound princi-
ple of ropresentat.^.i which requires Repre-
sentatives coming here to have constituencies
behind them? 1 see no reason why such un-
usual legislation as this should be imposed on
the country at this time, when, in the ordinary
course of events, the increased representation
to which they may be entitled will in due time
be meted out in the usual way to the great and
growing States of the West and the increased
voting population of the South.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now yield ten minutes
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. In listening to the debate in
this House upon this question, and in observ-
ing the votes which have been taken on it, I
have been somewhat struck with astonishment,
and I think any gentleman whose attention has
been called to the votes on the question from
both sides of the House must certainly be sur-
prised, to find what a strange combination now
exists in the House for the purpose of defeat-
ing this bill. I find extreme men on the right
and extreme men on the left, united as if com-
bined together for a single purpose, namely,
for the defeat of this bill. And with what
object, sir? Merely to prevent some of the
States, young in years but immense in popula-
tion, from having a just apportionment of
representation, in accordance with the Consti-
tution of the country.
The argument of thegentleman from Maine
[Mr. Hale] and the argument of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scomeld] in
reference to the apportionment every ten years
under the Constitution is not, in my judgment,
correct law. It is not the fact that by the
Constitution you are required to reapportion
the representation of this country every ten
years. There is no such provision in the Con-
stitution. When the Constitution was frame*3
our fathers, who framed that instrument, pro-
vided that within three years an apportionment
should be made of representation in the differ-
ent States, and then that it should afterward
be made within every ten years. The Consti-
tution does not read that you shall apportion
the representation onty at the end of every ten
years, but it reads that the apportionmont shall
be made within ten years.
Mr. PAINE. Will thegentleman allow me
to make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE._ I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Illinois that the Constitution does
not even make provision that there shall be an
