3802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
to decide by their votes when they come to vote
on the question of adopting the report. If the
Senator presents it as a parliamentary point,
then it must be for the Chair to decide.
Mr. CASSERLY. I supposed I was address-
ing the objection to the report to the Chair.
That was my understanding. I supposed I was
addressingtlieargumentin supportofthe objec-
tion both to the Chair and, with the permis-
sion of the Chair, to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is correct.
The Senator, then, makes the point.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Chair will allow
me, I did not wish, and I never do wish, to go
outside of the question before the Senate in
debate. I confine myself to that. I make
that explanation because I do not wish to be
cut off in the subsequent course of this debate
from an opportunity to consider the provis-
ions for the enforcement of the fourteenth
amendment. I yield now to the Senator from
Delaware—either one of them who may choose
first to address the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from California does not press this parliament-
ary point, the Senator from Delaware ia now
entitled to the floor on the conference report.
Mr. SAULSBURY. With the consent of
my colleague, as I made the point I wish to
state distinctly the grounds of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware insist upon the parliament-
ary point against the conference report?
Mr. SHERMAN. Ifthepoi ntis made it is
a point of order to be decided and not a ques-
tion for argument. If it is made I hope it will
be atonce decided, because our time is limited,
and I should like to have about ten minutes
myself. If Senators who represent the minor-
ity will allow that much, I should like to have
ten minutes. I hope the time is not to be con-
sumed in the discussion of a point of order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to state to the
Chair the grounds upon which I make the
point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware desires to state the point of order,
and the Chair will decide it after he states it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The point of order is
that sections twenty-one and twenty-two of
this bill contain new substantive matter, which
was not included either in the bill of the Sen-
ate, or the bill of the House, to which the Senate
disagreed. Section twenty-one is :
And be it further enacted, That whenever by the
laws of any State or Territory the name of any can-
didate or person to be voted for as Representative or
Doleg&to in Congress shall bo required to be printed,
written, or contained in any ticket or ballot with
other candidates or persons to bo voted for at the
saroo election.for State, territorial, municipal, or
lociu officers, It shall bo sufficient prima /acte evi-
dence, either fortllo purpose of indicting or convict-
ing any person charged with voting or attempting or
offering to vote unlawfully under the provisions of
the preceding sections, or for committing either of
the offenses thereby created, to prove that the per-
son so charged or indicted votod, or attempted or
ottered to vote, such ballot or ticket, or committed
either of the offenses named in tho preceding sec-
tions of this oct with reference to such ballot. And
the proof and establishment of such fact shall be
taken, held, and deemed to be presumptive evidence
tnatsuch peison voted, or attempted or offered to
vote, lor such Representative or Delegate, as the
ca«o may be, or that such offense was committed with
reference to the election of such Representative or
Delegate, and shall be sufficient to warrant his con-
viclion, unless it shall bo shown that any such bal-
lot, when cast or attempted or offered to be cast, by
V111 > did not contain the name of any candidate for
tho ofliec of Representative or Delegate in the Con-
gress of the United States, or that such offense was
not committed with reference to tho election of such
.Representative or Delegate.
Again I object to the report as transcend-
#ing the power of the committee of conference,
because it contains section twenty-two, which
enacts—
That any officer of any election at which any
Representative or Delegate in the Congress of the
United States shall be voted for, whether such offi-
cer of election be appointed or created by or under
any law or authority of the United States, or by or
under any Slate, territorial, district, or municipal
law or authority, who shall neglect or refuse to per-
ioral any duty in regard to such election icquired of
him by any law of the United States, or of any State
or Territory thereof; or violate any duty so im-
posed, or knowingly do any act thereby unauthor-
ised, with intent to affect any such election, or the
result thereof; or fraudulently make any false cer-
tificate of the result of such election in regard to
such Representative or Delegate; or withhold, con-
ceal, or destroy any certificate of record so required
bylaw, respecting, concerning, or pertaining to the
election of any such Representative or Delegate; or
neglect or refuso to make and return thesameasso
required by law; or aid, counsel, procure, or advise
any voter, person, or officer to do any act by this or
any of the preceding sections made a crime; or to
omit to do any duty the omission of which is by this
or any of said sections made a crime, or attempt to
do so. shall be deemed guilty of a crime, and shall
be liable to prosecution and punishment therefor, as
provided in tho nineteenth section of this act for
porsons guilty of any of the crimes therein speci
tied.
I also object to it because the following pro-
viso is annexed to section twenty:
Provided, That every registration made under the
laws of any State or Territory, for any State or other
election at which such Representative or Delegate
in Congress shall be chosen, shall be deemed to be a
registration within the meaning of this act, notwith
standing the same shall also bo made for the pur-
poses of any State, territorial, or municipal election.
I will state that these are distinct, new sub-
stantive matters introduced into the report of
the committee of conference, none of which
matters were either in the House bill, which
was disagreed to by the Senate, or in the Sen-
ate bill as adopted by the Senate; that neither
the Senate nor the House have ever had an
opportunity to vote upon either one of these
questions upon which, under your rules, each
House had the right to a separate vote; that
they could not be considered by either House
on the same day, but had to be read the first,
second, and third time on separate days. I
place the objection on the ground of the com-
mon parliamentary law, not under your par-
ticular rules, but that these provisions contra-
vene a principle of the common parliamentary
law which governs this and all legislative bodies,
and which you will find in Jefferson's Manual,
which you have on your table, which declares
that, a committee of conference can only decide
upon matters which have been the subject of
disagreement between the two Houses, and
upon nothing else. If the committee in this
case have attempted to incorporate into the
report any matter or thing not the subject of
disagreement between the two Houses, then
my point is that, according to the common
parliamentary law which governs this and all
legislative bodies, they have transcended their
authority and their report cannot be received.
That is the point I make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the point made by the Senator from
Delaware, and will decide it. Upon page 224
of Jefferson's Manual it is laid down, in an
extract from 6 Gray, 274—
"That it is unparliamentary to strikeout at a con-
ference anything in a bill which hath been agreed
and passed by both Houses."
That is the fundamental principle of parlia-
mentary law governing conference committees,
that matter which has been agreed upon by both
Houses cannot be touched by the conference
committee. Unquestionably, so far as that point
is raised by the Senator from Delaware, that
is correct. In this case, however, in applying
the principle to the bill and the amendment,
there was nothing agreed upon between the two
Houses. The House of Representatives passed
a bill to enforce the fifteenth amendment. The
Chair speaks of it in brief. It came to the Sen-
ate. The Senate struck it all out after the enact-
ing clause and inserted various propositions to
enforce the fourteenth amendment; to enforce
the fifteenth amendment; to put down illegal
bands of marauders; to guard against illegal
voting and its results; to protect the equal
rights of citizens under the laws; to reenactthe
civil rights law; and also, on the motion of the
Senator from Wisconsin not now in his seat,
[Mr. Cakpektek,] to provide a remedy for a
person failing to be elected in consequence of
a refusal to receive votes that could be cast
under the Constitution of the United States.
This was in brief the Senate bill. The House
non-concurred, and the disagreement was re-
ferred to a conference committee for settle-
ment.
The Chair overrules the point of order made
against this conference report by the Senator
from Delaware, on the ground that upon an
examination of this bill the Chair does not
think 'the conference committee have gone
beyond the parliamentary law. The Chair
directs the attention of the Senator from Del-
aware to page 225 of Jefferson's Manual, where
will be found the following extract, from 9
Gray and 3 Hatsell:
"At freo conferences the managers discuss viva voce
and freely, and interchange propositions for such
modifications as may bo made in a parliamentary
way. and may bring the sense of the two Houses
together."
It has always been the uniform usage of
both Houses, under this, that conference com-
mittees can propose amendments in regard to
the text which has not been agreed upon be-
tween the two Houses, modifications which
are germane to the text which haa been referred
to them to settle by the conference.
The Chair will instance a point now before
the Congress of the United States. In the
appropriation bill now pending $500,000 has
been appropriated by the Senate for the ex-
tension of the Capitol grounds. The House
may non-concur entirely in that amendment.
Suppose that disagreement is referred to a con-
ference committee; the conference committee
may properly report that the two branches
shall agree to the appropriation of $500,000
upon conditions; that is, that there shall be a
commission to estimate the value of the prop-
erty ; that it shall not exceed such an amount;
that the money shall be paid out at certain
stated intervals. Those matters would natur-
ally grow out of the subject of disagreement
and would be germane to it.
The Senator from Delaware will also see, in
examining this bill, that by the two sections
introduced into it on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] and afterward
renewed by the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Hamlin] provision is made in regard to illegal
voting and endeavoring to guard against illegal
voting, and in the twentieth section to prevent
fraudulent registration and the result that might
grow out of it, of persons attempting to per-
sonate others who were legally registered.
The proviso to which the Senator refers to the
twentieth section is, in the opinion of the Chair,
strictly germane to that twentieth section. The
section relates to registration. That was a sub -
ject referred to the committee of conference.
They had a right to report to agree to that sec-
tion, or to agree to it with modifications and
amendments in a parliamentary way which
would be germane, and which it would have
been proper to introduce as germane to the
section in its discussion in the Senate.
The Senator from Delaware will also remem-
ber that in the twenty-first section, printed in
roman on page 18 of this bill, inserted on the
motion of the Senator from Wisconsin, it was
provided that where a person was defeated or
deprived of his election to any office "by rea-
son of the denial to any citizen of the right to
vote who offered his vote at the election, on
account of his race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude," he should have the right to
recover possession of the office t£by quo wctt'
ranto, or other appropriate proceeding, in the
circuit or district court of the United States."
Ihese three sections offered, two by the Senator
from Ohio and one by the Senator from Wis-
consin, cover a very large scope in regard to
illegal voting and its results, and the Chair
thinks it was properly within the scope of the
conference committee to propose amendments
thereto that were germane to the propositions
that had been submitted to them. Not one
word had been agreed upon between the two
Houses; they had totally disagreed in regard
to all the features of the bill. Therefore, till
the House bill, with any amendments prop-
