2858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
Speaker's table to take up any special bill as
the gentleman proposes; but I am in favor of
taking up the business on the Speaker's table
in regular order.
'lhe House divided; and there were—ayes
70, noes 34.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
mobile marine hospital.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in response to a resolution of the House, con-
cerning the condition and management of the
marine hospital at Mobile, Alabama; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
rest paid for headquarters.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication, from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with the request of
the Committee on Military Affairs, statements
prepared by the Quartermaster General of the
amounts paid during the past year for rental
and other expenses connected with the Gen-
eral, Lieutenant General, and major generals
of the Army; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
tests of spirits meters.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a letter from the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, in relation to certain spirits distilled
under the direction of a committee appointed
to make certain tests of spirits meters; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
george e. cooper.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a letter from the Secretary of War, in rela-
tion to the presentation of a gold watch and
chain to Surgeon George E. Cooper, of the
Army of the United States, by the Govern-
ment of France; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
sales by post traders.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a letter from the Secretary of War, in rela-
tion to sales to enlisted men by post traders;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
levi c. guptill.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a copy of a deed executed by Levi C.
Guptill, of the State of Iowa, conveying to the
United States two certain lots of land situate
in the village of Estherville, county of Em-
mett, Iowa.
On motion of Mr. WELKER, the communi-
cation was referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
tick meter.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a letter from the Treasury Department in
reference to the Tice meter.
On motion of Mr. ALLISON,-the communi-
cation was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
census.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1595) to amend an act entitled
"An act providing for the taking of the sev-
enth and subsequent censuses of the United
States, and to fix the number of the members
of the House of Representatives and to pro-
vide for their future apportionment among the
several States," approved May 23, 1850.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to move,
With a view to saving the time of the House,
that the House non-concur in the amendment !
of the Senate, in order that the matter may go
to a committee of conference. And I would
just say that the Senate made this amendment
' with the express understanding that while they
desired those changes a committee of confer-
ence should be granted if asked for.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the amendment
by the Senate may be reported.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Strike out alloftho original bill aftorthe enacting
clause of the House bill and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and ho is
hereby, directed to include in the instructions to the
United States marshals for taking the census the
present year directions to obtain the following sta-
tistics respecting the surviving officers, soldiers, and
sailors of the war of 1812, and the surviving widows
i of deceased offioers, soldiers, and sailors of said war,
| to wit: name and age of each surviving officer, sol-
| dicr, and sailor; name of deceased officer, soldier,
and sailor whose widow survives; date of enlistment
and length of service, with name of company and
regiment and vessel in which service was rendered,
as nearly as may be, of each officer, soldier, and
i sailor, and of each deceased officer, soldier, and sailor
whose widow survives; what pension, if any, the sur-
viving officer, soldier, and sailor, or widow, is receiv-
ing.
sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the time
allowed for transmitting the said copy of the returns
of the assistant marshals to the Census Office is hereby
further limited so that thereturnsof population and
mortality upon schedules numbered, respectively, '
one and six, in the act of May 23,1850, shall bo sent i
to that offico on or before the 15th day of August !'
next, and the complete returns upon all the schedules i
annexed to and made part of that act, excepting
upon the schedule therein designated as No. 2, p
which schedule is hereby revoked, canceled, and Ij
declared to be no longer a part of said act, shall bo !
forwarded to the Census Office beforo the 1st day of
October following: Provided, That the Secretary of
the Interior shall be authorized to extend the time
allowed for returns on the schedules, other than
those of population and mortality, in any case where i
it shall appear to him to bo necessary: Provided fur- j
ther, That whenever, from the loss or destruction of
returns, or from causes beyond the control, of the ■
officers charged with the enumeration, it shall bo
shown to be impracticable to comply with the re- :
quirements of this scction, the Secretary of the In-
terior is authorized to extend the time allowed for
rendering returns of population and mortality, not
beyond the 1st day of October next.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the Secre- <
tary of the Interior be, and he is hereby.authorized !
to increaso the compensation allowed marshals or ,
agents and their assistants for taking the ninth cen- ;
sus in California, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, New Mex-
ico, Montana, Idaho, Colorado, Wyoming, Arizona,
and Washington, but only so much as may be found
necessary to'securo the prompt and faithful execu-
tion of the work.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That each assist-
ant marshal or agent shall be paid for making out i
and returning complete copies of tho original cen-
sus returns, as required in the eleventh section of
the act to which this is a supplement, eight cents for
each page of tho two copies of the original census [
returns required by tho said elevbnth section. j
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that the :
House non-concur in the amendment of the !
Senate.. j
The SPEAKER. The question must be put j
in the form, "Shall the House concur in the i
amendment?"
Mr. PAINE. I desire to move that the
House concur in the amendment, with the
exception of the first section.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the House
trill permit me, I will make a brief statement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
floor, and is entitled to proceed.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a point of order. It
is that a motion to concur in an amendment
mnst take precedence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the motion to non-concur is never put. The
question is always put, "Shall the House con-
cur?" The gentleman from Ohio may indicate
to the House his reasons for desiring non-con-
currence, but the Chair can only put the ques-
tion of concurrence.
Mr. PAINE. I move to concur in the
amendment, with the exception of the first
section.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] did not have the floor to
make that motion. The gentleman in charge
of the bill, as representing the Committee on
the Census, was on the floor. And the Chair
can only put the motion in the way in which
that gentleman desires.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say a
word, and then yield to the gentleman to make
any motion he desires. I simply wish to say
that we are now so near the 1st of May, at
which time we must be sending out the blanks,
in order that they may reach their points of
destination, that the taking of the census may
begin according to law on the 1st of June, that
there ought to be no farther delay if it can
possibly be avoided. 1 feel that the only safe
course in regard to this matter is to non-concur
in the amendment of the Senate. They may
ask a committee of conference if they choose,
and let all the suggestions that anybody has to
offer be laid before that committee of confer-
ence, and then in the report, which may be
made very soon, the whole matter may be
brought up. I hope that will be done and that
the motion to concur will be voted down.
Mr. PAINE. I move that the House con-
cur in the amendment of the Senate, with an
amendment to strike out the first section. I
agreed with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] as he will bear me witness, on the
main features of the bill which was reported
by the Census Committee and carried through
this House. I approved that measure most
heartily, and gave it my most cordial support.
Bat I am entirely satisfied, from the proceed-
ings of the Senate upon that bill, that it is
utterly idle to hope that that measure will
receive the support of the Senate during the
present session of Congress. It is manifest,
from what has already occurred, that the Sen-
ate are resolved upon passing no.such bill, but
upon making some few additions to the law
now in force, which are provided for in this
amendment. I have, therefore, abandoned
all hope that any such bill as my friend and I
should be glad to see passed will become a
law at this session. I am unwilling, then, that
being so, to intrust this bill to a committee of
conference. I do not know what the conclu-
sions of that committee might be. I have been
compelled too often to vote in this House upon
questions presented by conference committees
when I have had no opportunity for examina-
tion.
Now, I do know what is in this bill. The
Senate have carefully considered and passed
it, and if the first section, which seems to me
to be a most improper provision for taking
statistics in regard to soldiers of the last war,
shall be stricken out, I am willing to take it
as a slight improvement upon the existing law.
and to allow the next census to be taken
under it. I am free, at the same time, to say
that if I had the remotest hope that the plan
which the gentleman from Ohio presented to
the House and so urgently advocated here
could receive the vote of the Senate, I would
not object to his proposition to non-concur
and refer the matter to a committee of confer-
ence; but believing, as I do, that we must
either vote for this or incur the danger of
being compelled to vote for something worse
as the result of a conference committee, I ask
the House to concur in the amendment of the
Senate, with an amendment striking out the
first section.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would not say
a word in reply to the remarks of my friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] if he were not
manifestly under a misapprehension as to the
purpose of my motion. I, too, like him, have
very regretfully been compelled long before
this to abandon all hope of securing the pas-
sage of the bill which the House passed early
in the session and sent to the Senate. But since
that time—and the gentleman does not seem to
have observed it—on the 22d day of March, the
House sent a short bill of six sections to the
Senate, abandoning their original plan alto-
gether, and merely remedying Bome of the
imperfections of the present law, without any
purpose of getting a new system adopted. For
