1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4747
apportionment within every ten years; it sim-
ply provides for a census within every ten
years, and requires that the apportionment
of representation shall be made according to
population.
Mr. LOGAN. I was about to allude to that
fact. The requirement of the Constitution is
this: that a census shall betaken within ten
years, and that the apportionment shall be
based on that census; but if the proposition
of the gentleman is correct., I ask him if the
Constitution should not read tlms: ''the time
within which an apportionment shall be made
shall not exceed ten years?" That is the mean-
ing of it. You are limited, so far as time is
concerned, that you shall not pass beyond ten
years, but within that time you may apportion
representation every three years, as our fathers
did in the first apportionment, or you may ap-
portion it every five years or every ten years.
There is no lawyer in this House with any
standing before the country who will get up
here and give out as his opinion that the Con-
stitution means that you shall only apportion
representation every ten years. No lawyer
will stand up here and risk his reputation, in
my judgment, on a statement that that is the
meaning of the Constitution.
Now, then, if that is the Constitution, let
us see what it means. The Constitution in-
tended to leave to the people of the different
States the arrangement of the districts to be
made by their own Legislatures, in number
not exceeding and not less than that appor-
tioned by Congress. Congiess makes the nu-
merical apportionment. This is the Constitu-
tion, and this is the proper construction of it,
in my judgment.
Now, then, if thi3 be true, where is the
wrong ill this bill? Whom does it oppress?
If you deny representation to the people of
the Northwest and of the South, or refuse them
their just proportion of representation, you
oppress those people. It is no oppression on
the States in the East, which have all the rep-
resentation they are entitled to, and under this
bill are permitted to retain that representation.
But you, gentlemen, who have now all the rep-
resentation you are entitled to, and under this
bill are permitted to retain it, are determined,
I suppose, that we who have not now our just
proportion of representation shall not have it.
Why? "Why is it? Is it because we have com-
mitted any wrong? Is it because our people
are less honest, less entitled to protection
under the Constitution than yours? Why is it
that we are not to have representation accord-
ing to the provisions ol the Constitution? I
can tell you the reason. It is because of the
jealousy which has sprung up in this House of
the great growth of the mighty West. Gentle-
men from the East are determined to prevent
it as long a3 possible from having its just rep-
resentation upon this floor.
I find Pennsylvania to-day standing with
Rhode Island and Massachusetts and Maine
and Connecticut and Vermont against allow-
ing the West its just representation. All those
States have combined—with whom ? With the
Democracy here to prevent us of the North-
west and South from having just representa-
tion here. Let me ask you why this is? It is
because the people of the Northwest are an
agricultural people, and because the interests
of the Northwest might not perhaps find theni-
selves ou this floor exactly in accord with j
yours. The Democracy are willing to defeat j
us; they are glad to do it. They join^wilh you 1
to defeat us, because they know the Northwest j
will roll up large Republican majorities; and ;
yon join with them to prevent us from sending i
Republican members of Congress on to this ]
floor. That is what you are doing. It is a i
combination between New England and the
Democracy 10 preveilt the f°ur million colored
oersons who have just been relieved from the
chains of bondage from having that represent-
ation here to which the Constitution entitles
them.
And why should they not have it? Why
should not these people have the increased
representation to which they are justly entitled?
Because you want to feel their pulse and see
how they will vote on this floor. I venture the
assertion here to-day that, if I could assure
you that Illinois would send representatives
here who would vote to allow you to tax all
the pins and needles used in this country, you
would vote to let them come in here. That is
the reason why you refuse it now—no other
reason in the world. If Illinois, Michigan,
Iowa, Texas—if all these States would only
send men here who would vote taxes upon our
people for the benefit of the ironmongers of
Pennsylvania, you would vote to let them
come. And that is the reason you will not do
it now—that and no other.
Ail other argument against this bill is but
humbug, and means nothing else than to de-
prive our people of their just representation on
this floor. You say that perhaps the Demo-
crats will get the increased representation here.
Does the Constitution say that a man shall not
be represented in Congress because he is a
Democrat? Is that the meaning of the Con-
stitution? I'et because you aro afraid the peo-
ple will send this or that man here you would
deprive them ot' representation. Now, that is
not constitutional, that is not good policy ; it
it not honest, nor is it just. It, is a low, nar-
row, contracted view, to be taken by a small
man, diminutive in mind, in feeling, in con-
science, and in sympathy, a man knowing noth-
ing of the broad views of an honest statesman.
[Here ihe hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOEIELO. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] for ten
minutes.
Mr. POLAND. My friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] who has just taken his seat, says
that there is a very strange combination against
the passage of this bill; that the combination
embraces some Republicans living in a.partic-
ular section of the country, and some very bad
Democrats, the two uuitmg in opposition to
this bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not say " bad.''
Mr. POLAND. Now, I would like to have
my friend take a census of the supporters of
this bill, and see whether they are all members
of one particular political party. Does my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Logan] agree with
my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] who
has made altogether the best argument that lia3
been made in favor of this bill, unless I except
that of my friend from Illinois ? Do they agree
perfectly in oil their views concerning political
questions ? lu my humble judgment they have
not always coincided perfectly here.
I do not suppose, Mr. Speaker, that either
the friends of this measure or the opponents
of it are so perfectly disinterested in their
motives as men are in relation to some other
things. It is undoubtedly true that the mem-
bers from the New England and the Atlantic
States generally oppose this bill because they
think that by it they will be improperly de-
prived of a portionot the representation which
they now have, and to which they are con-
stitutionally and legally entitled. And it is
undoubtedly true also that the gentlemen from
Illinois [Mr. Judd and Mr. Logan] and other
gentlemen from western States and from the
southern States support this bill because by it
the representation of their States would be
enlarged. I think there is about as much of
disinterested motives ou the one side as ou
the other, and ubour. as much of selfishness on
the one side as on the other. And 1 do not
think it becomes the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] to stand up here and charge us
wilh selfishness and claim that he has none
himself.
Now, it is undoubtedly true that under the
provisions of this bill, if'it shall become a law,
even w iih the number of Repiesentatives, three
hundred, which the Senate provide by their
amendment, the little State of Vermont, which
I in part represent, will lose one member of
this House. It is not a matter of any very great
importance, for my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan,] or perhaps my friend from the Chi-
cago district, [Mr. Jodd,] or some other equally
able gentleman, will run for Congress in that
State on the ticket at large, and come here in
the place of the one we would lose; so that it
would not be a matter of any very great account-
But, sir, we have lived in this country for
nearly a hundred years since this Government
was first established, and we have got along by
having an apportionment made every ten years,
and got along very well. Although there lias
been an inequality in the representation before
the expiration of each decade, although at times
there has been a very considerable inequality,
yet nobody has ever before talked of having a
rebellion about it, as does my eloquent friend
from Ohio, [Mr. BiNOriiAM.] Nobody has ever
before started up and said, " Oar representa-
tion is unequal, and unless you make it equal
there will be trouble in this country." That
has been left to be proclaimed by my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who always puts
a great deal of rainbow into the Constitution
as well as in everything else. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, why should we depart
from what lias been the settled policy, the set-
tled course of business in this country upon
this subject? My friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] intimated that it ought to be done
because the South and the West have been
unjustly treated ; and he complained, among
other things, that the East has the largest
amount of currency, alluding to this and other
topics which are brought up here occasionally
to engender sectional prejudice. Now, I can-
not tsfke time to clear up all those matters;
but I say that the Representatives from New
England and the Atlantic States have notbeen
unjust to the West, either in their legislation
or otherwise. We know that the West lias been
settled from New England and the eastern
States ; that the western people are " bone of
our bono and flesh of our flesh." We never
have been unjust to them ; we never intend to
be ; and any attempt to influence the votes of
gentlemen from the West, or the South by urging
that they must go in favor of this bill in order
to protect themselves against injustice from
New England, New York, and the other east-
ern States is an appeal to prejudice : it is not
an appeal to truth or reason.
Why should this change in the apportion-
ment be made at this time ? ft is said there
is an inequality. Has this not existed hereto-
fore? New States have been constantly grow-
ing up, population has been steadily increas-
ing ; and toward file end of every decade there
has always been an inequality. It may be true
that the inequality is greater now than it has
ever been before in consequence of the in-
creased representative population of the South
growing oat of the abolition of slavery. It is
ou this account that my friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] is in favor of this bill, not on
account of the great growth of the Northwest.
1 think, Mr. Speaker, that the Constitution
never contemplated that there should be an
apportionment until after the census had been
! taken, until after the people had been ennmer-
j ated. The intention was, according to my
I view, that Congress should have the enumer-
i atiou before it, prior to making an apportion-
! meut. Some discussion has been had as to
i whether the Constitution does not require
I that this enumeration shall be made at set
i periods of ten years. I concede that the lan-
j guage of the Constitution does not, in terras
; require this, but I think such is the fair spirit
, of the instrument. Such has been the practi-
: cal construction of the Constitution from its
i formation down to the present time. Sly friend
| from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] and other
j legal gentlemen here are familiar with the well-
] recognized principle that a practical and_ set-
j tied construction of a constitutional provision
I or a law is entitled to great weight. It has
