1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1915
to the Clerk's desk to be read an extract from
the annual message of the President of the
United States, sent to Congress in December,
1869.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The specie payment question.—Anion^ the evils
growing out of the rebellion and not referred to is
that of an irredeemable paper currency. It is an
evil which I hope will rccciveyour most earnest at-
tention. It is a duty, and ono ot the highest duties
of the (Jovernment to secure to the citizensa medium
of exchange of fixed, unvarying value. This implies
a return to a specie basis, and no substitute for it
can be devised. It should be commenced now and
reached at the earliest practicable moment consist-
cat with a fair regard to the interests of the debtor
class.
*'Immediate resumption not wanted.—Immediate re-
sumption, if practicable, would not be desirable. It
would compel the debtor class to pay beyond their
contracts the premium on gold at the date of their
purchase, and would bring bankruptcy and ruin to
thousands. Fluctuation, however, in the paper value
of the measure of all values, gold,is detrimental to the
in terests of trade. It makes the man of business an
involuntary gambler; lor in all sales where future
payment is to be made, both parties speculate as to
what will bethevalueof thecurreney to bo paid and
received. I earnestly recommend to you, then, such
legislation as will insure a gradual return to specie
payments and put an immediate stop to fluctuations
in thevalue of currency. Themelhodsto securetlic
result are numerous as are the speculators in polit-
ical economy. To secure the latter I see but one
v/ay, and that is to authorize the Treasury to redeem
its own paper at a fixed price whenever presented,
and to withhold from circulation all such currency
redeemed until sold again for gold. The vast re-
sources of the nation, both developed and undevel-
oped, ought to make our credit the best on earth."
Mr. ASPER. Mr. Speaker, in the remarks
which I shall submit to-day I shall endeavor
to sustain the position assumed by the Presi-
dent in the annual message from which the
extract has just been read. I believe that it is
of the utmost importance to bring the currency
to a uniform, safe, sound, and convertible basis
so that it will circulate all over the country and
be convertible everywhere at the will of the
holder. I do not expect to advance any new
argument upon this question, nor to add any-
thing new to induce Congress in its legislation
to assist the President in bringing about that
object. But I had expected to exhibit the
pressure which rests upon the people of my
section in consequence of the undue distribu-
tion of the currency to the eastern section of
the country, to the neglect of the South and
West. In this respect, Mr. Speaker, I find a
strong argument to bring Congress to a con-
sideration of the subject, which I hope will
bring some relief to my section of the coun-
try.
It is true, as has been stated hereto-day, that
this country has gone through a great war. In
consequence of this war new demands have
been made upon the financial and banking sys-
tems of the country. Great changes have thus
resulted, and, as the President says, it becomes
necessary to do away with the evils resulting
from the changes which have thus occurred and
which are now resting upon the country, so that
we may, as speedily as possible, come back to
the standard of currency universal in the world.
At the beginning of the war our currency was
what may be called a mixed one—partly paper
and partly coin. The paper currency was
furnished by the banks chartered under State
laws. At the opening of the war there were
$200,000,000 of this character of currency in
the country. The coin in the country at that
time was variously estimated at from one hun-
dred to three hundred million dollars. About
two hundred million dollars was probably the
standard. So that we had at the opening of
the war in the neighborhood of four hundred
million dollars of currency.
In consequence of the pressure during the
war the Secretary of the Treasury demanded
that there should be an issue of Treasury'notes,
necessary in order to do the business of the
country. Congress stepped forward and granted
the necessary authority. About $400,000,000
of Treasury notes have been put in circulation,
ana have entered into and become a part of
the circulating medium of the country.^ It
was also determined to establish a national
banking system. That system has been in
operation for several years ; and the result has
been that all the State institutions which form-
erly furnished circulating medium for the coun-
try have gone out of existence through the
pressure of national taxation and at the demand
of the great interests of the country.
By the report of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, bearing date October 1, 1809, we find
that sixteen hundred and ninety-four national
banking institutions have been established
throughout the country. Seventy-four of those
institutions have withdrawn their circulation
and have gone out of business, leaving sixteen
hundred and twenty banks which furnish the
national banking currency of the country.
The circulation of these banks is based upon
the national bonds, amounting to $342,475,100.
The amount of currency outstanding on the
30thday of September last was $299,789,155 45.
To this should be added the outstanding Treas-
ury notes, $350,109,978 50, and the fractional
notes, amounting to $39,950,039 08—making
a total of $075,S49,053 03 of this paper cur-
rency.
To this, sir, shouldbe added the amount of
coin outstanding, the amount of coin in the
Treasury, and the amount of gold in the vaults
of the banks of the country and the amount
locked up in the pockets and strong boxes
of the country of those who hoard money,
amounting in the aggregate to about two hun-
dred million dollars. That, Mr. Speaker, would
make the circulating medium of this country
about nine hundred million dollars. A portion
of this money, $82,510,822, is greenbacks,
which is a portion of the reserve fund of the na-
tional banks. The city banks hold $61,768,220
of three per cent, certificates, and $53,801,622
of the temporary loan certificates: so that
$198,077,558 of this amount of circulating
medium iskept out ot the rightful uses for which
a circulating medium is established ; locked up
in the Treasury of the country, locked up in
the vaults of the banks, necessary to furnish
the reserved fund and necessary to furnish the
kind of fund that is to be kept in the vaults of
the city banks with which to redeem the circu-
lation of the country banks. So therefore it is
not at all within the limit of circulation furnish-
ing the necessary oil of commerce; and it is
safe to say that the actual circulation is not
over $500,000,000.
I wish to say, Mr. Speaker, that a small
contraction of currency is going on. Accord-
ing to the reports of national banks furnished
to the Comptroller of the Currency on the 22d
of January last the circulation of the national
banks is $4,593,127 05 less than ou the 30th
of September last, so that there is a constant
contraction of the currency going on. Suppose
the currency of the country is $900,000,000;
that is, in circulation as well as that which is
locked up as a reserve, locked up in the vaults
of the Treasury. Say it is $900,000,000. Then
estimate the population of the country to be
forty millions, and you would have a circulating
medium for each inhabitant of the country of
$22 50—a little more than the amount which
is furnished or used in England for the popu-
lation there, where the business is compact,
where a large portion of the business is trans-
acted with certified checks or in the banks of
the city of London and other cities of the
empire.
But we voted to add to the circulation
$50,000,000. For one, sir, while I believe the
proposition is of doubtful propriety, because
I believed it necessary that we should have
some relief I voted for it. Then, if we had
the currency extended to that amount it would
only add $1 25 to each inhabitant throughout
the country. But if that extension of the cur-
rency could be in the direction of the national
banks, if that could be given to the South and
the West, then it would give us some relief
there, and would not add to the currency more
than $40,000,000, counting the necessary re-
serve required to put it afloat; nor could it so
inflate the currency as to produce serious re-
sults. But it the Currency Committee should
in their deliberations find it necessary, or be-
lieve they could only add that amount through
Treasury notes and greenbacks, I would for
one vote "no" on such a proposition as that, for
I believe that every greenback or Treasury note
added to the .circulation, that every dollar
added from that direction, puts off the day when
we may be able to come to a specie standard,
and the proper and necessary mixed currency
that will be of equal value all the country-
over.
It becomes necessary to inquire in what man-
ner this currency is distributed throughout the
country. Where is it? Where are the asso-
ciations which furnish this national currency ?
Are they equally distributed over the nation?
Do we in the State which I in part represent
have the same banking facilities they have in
Massachusetts or lihodelsiand, or even in the
State of New York ? According to the Comp-
troller's report of 1808, at the time when that
report was made, under the date of June 30,
1868, there had been $310,000,000 of national
notes issued from the Treasury and distributed
to the banking associations of the country.
Of that $310,000,000 Massachusetts, Rhode
Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey,
Pennsylvania and Maryland, with an estimated
population often millions, received $221,000,-
000; while the States of Missouri, Arkansas,
Tennessee, Kentucky, Iowa, and Illinois, with
an estimated population of seventy-five hun-
dred thousand, of that circulation received only
$21,244,000. '
The section of the country first named in
that estimate, with about one fourth of the
population, has two thirds of the circulation
received, furnished to the national banks and
issued by them. The other, having almost
an equal amount of population, almosta third
of the population of the country, receives only
about one fourteenth of the circulation. Now,
let us see how it is as regards individual Slates
where this currency has been distributed. The
State of Massachusetts has of that circulation
fifty dollars to every inhabitant. The State of
Rhode Island has seventy-two dollars to every
inhabitant. The State of Connecticut has forty
dollars to every inhabitant. The State of Dela-
ware has eleven dollars to every inhabitant.
And my own State, with a population of a mil-
lion and a half, with itsvaried interests, its great
mining interests, its mineral and agricultural
wealth, exceeding that of any other State in the
Union, has only two dollars of the circulation to
the inhabitant. Arkansas has thirty cents to the
inhabitant. Tennessee has one dollar, and
Kentucky has two dollars. And these, sir, are
facts which I give to show to the House and
to the country the inequality of the distribu-
tion of this currency.
1 have here, Mr. Speaker, a list of the sev-
eral States comprising the States west of the
Mississippi, except Louisiana, with a popula-
tion, according to the last census, of about
seven millions, but which I believe, when the
census shall have been taken this year, will be
found to be about ten millions—about a quarter
of the population of the country. We have in
those States $11,790,488 The following tabu-
lated statement shows the distribution to these
States, with the estimated population in each :
Amount. Population.
Minnesota $1,476,800 400,000
Iowa  3,252,223 1,000,000
Missouri  4,129,310 1,750,000
Arkansas  179,500 500,000
Louisiana  1,131,415 ~®,000
Texas  407,535 bOO.OOO
Kansas  341.000 300,000
N ebraska  170,000
Oregon  88,300
California  - .
Nevada  131,700 M.OOO
Colorado  254,000 100, 000
Utah   135,000 100.000
Montana."  36,000
Idaho  6S.O00
New Mexico  ' ltK)'OW
$11,796,488 6,930,000
