1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4749
Mr. JUDD. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—-yeas 97, nays 92, not voting
41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Armstrong, Arnell,
Bailey, Banks,Beaman, Bennett, Biggs. Bird, Blair,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buffmton, Burr,
Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Cessna, Ohurcuill,Wil-
li a; u T. Clark, Cleveland, Covode,_ Cox, Davis,
Dawes, Dickey, Donley, E1p., Eldridge, 3?erriss,
Fisher, Uetz, Gilfillan, Gtriswold, Haight, Ilalde-
man, llale.llambleton, llamill, Hill, Hoar, Holman,
Ifoopcr, Jenekes, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Knapp, Latlin. Lash, Lawrence, Lewis,
Xvlayham, McNeoiy,\V ill ism Moore, Morgan, Daniel
J. Morrell. Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Myers,
Negley, Niblaek, O'Neill, Packer, Phelps, Poland,
Porter, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Sanford, Scoficld,
Porter Sheldon. Shober, Slocum, John A. Smith,
"William J. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Steven-
son, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Swann. Tanner, Taylor,
Xwichcll.Van Auken.Van Trump,Van Wyck,War<l,
William B.Washburn, Wheeler, Wood, and Wood-
ward—97.
KAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Asper, Atwood,
Axtell, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin. Bingham,
Boles, Booker, Boyd, Buck, Buckley, Burehard,
Burdett. Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L.
Cobb, Ooburn, Conger, Conner, Cook, Crebs, Cullom,
Degener, Dickinson, Dockery, Dox, Dyer, l?arns-
worth, Perry, Pinkelnburg, (rartield, Gibson, liar-
ris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hays. flefiin.Ingersoll,
Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Judd, Knott, Logan, Marshall, Maynard, McCor-
miek, McCrary, MeGrew, McKee, McICenzie, Jesse
II. Moore, Morphis, Orth, Packard, Fame, Palmer,
Peck, Perce, Piatt, Prosser, llice, Rogers, Roots,
Sawyer,Shanks,Lionel A.Sheldon, Sherrod,.Joseph
S. Smith, William Smyth, Stoughton, Stradcr,
Strickland, Taffe, Tillman, Trimble, Tyner, Upson,
Van Horn. Ca,dwalader C.Washburn,Welker. Wells,
Whitmore, Wilkinson, Williams, John T. Wilson,
and Winchester—92.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ayer, Barnum,
Benton. Bowcn. Roderick li. Butler, Cake, Cowies,
Dixon, Duval, Fitch, Pox, Hamilton, Heaton. tloge,
Hotchkiss. Kerr. Loughridge, Lynch, McCarthy,
Mereur, Milne", Eliakun 11. Moore, Jlungen, New-
sham, Peters. Pomeroy, Xlidgwiy, Sargent, Schenck,
Schuiuuker, Worthington C. Smith, Stokes, Swee-
ney, Townsend.Voorhees.Wallaee.Willaru, ihigone
M. Wilson, Winans, and Witcher—11.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
unrolled bill and resolution signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
roiled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (II. II. No. 572) to amend an act
incorporating the National Junction Railway
Company; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. SG) concern-
ing the Southern Pacific railroad of California.
message teoii the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goriiam,
its Secretary, communicated, for the concur-
rence of the House, a resolution providing for
printing extra copies of the report of the Su-
perintendent of the United States OoastSurvey
for 1869.
The message also announced that the Senate
had receded from its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the joint resolution (II. R.
No. 302) donating certain condemned ordnance
forasoldiers' monument atPoughkeepsie, New
York.
leave to print.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, obtained leave to
havo printed in the Globe, as part of the de-
bates, remarks on the bill (II. R. No. 1S:>3) to
provide for the apportionment of Represent-
atives to Congress among the several States.
[See Appendix.]
message ek03i the president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Poutku, one of his Sec-
retaries, announced that the President had
approved and signed bills and joint resolutions
of the following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 2218) supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to authorise the con-
struction, extension, and use ofa lateral branch
of the Baltimore and Potomac railroad into and
within the District of Columbia," approved
February 5, 1870;
An act (H. R. No. 1697) to incorporate the
National Mutual Life Assurance Association of
Washington, District of Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 1998) granting a pension
to Betsey Arlin;
An act (H. R. No. 209G) granting a pension
to Mary Fryer, of Philadelphia;
An act (H. R. No. 2101) granting a pension
to Dolly Brown;
An act (H. R. No. 2102) granting a pension
to Jacob Gates;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 300) granting
a pension to John Powers, late a private in the
eleventh regiment United States infantry in
the war of 1812 ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 304) author-
izing the Secretary of War to place at the dis-
posal of the judges of the county court of
Greene county, State of Missouri, certain cap-
tured ordnance.
cseoiigia.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
make a privileged report. I am instructed by
the Committee on Reconstruction to report
back, with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute, the bill (H. E. No. 1335) to admit
the State of Georgia to representation in the
Congress of the United States, with the amend-
ments of the Senate thereto.
I desire to say a word before the substitute
is read. Everybody remembers what the Sen-
ate amendment is. The committee have in-
structed me to report as a substitute the Mis-
sissippi and Texas bills with the same condi-
tions and the same provisions precisely, with
this addition: that there is a section allowing
the militia of the four States of Georgia, Missis-
sippi, Texas, and Louisiana to be reorganized.
That vote, I may say without offense, because I
do it under instructions, was afterward recon-
sidered, and there was one majority against
that report. I was afterward instructed to
report as at first; so that now there will be
before the House the Georgia bill as reported
from the Committee on Reconstruction pre-
cisely the same as the bill we passed in regard
to Virginia and Mississippi, with this single
addition : the right to leorganize the militia in
the four States. I was then instructed to ask
the House to allow this bill to be debated for
the remainder of to-day, and also to ask for
an evening session to-night for the purpose of
debate only ; and then to bring on a vote to-
morrow morning. If the House will agree to
that I will submit the proposition. I now
yield to my colleague [Mr. £)awes] for a few
moments.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to call the attention
of the House for a moment to the condition
of this subject in connection with the other
business before Congress, if the members
will revert to the beginning of this session
they will be able to call to mind what was
the bill first reported from the Committee on
Reconstruction by my colleague, [Mr. But-
ler;] the length of time the discussion lasted
which ensued upon that bill; the amendment
which was offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] for which I myself voted ; and
the sending of the bill so amended to the other
branch of Congress, where it remained many
months, involving a discussion and the time
of the Senate for a considerable portion of that
period.
The bill then came back here, changed not
only in form but in substance, there having
been substituted for our attempt to restore civil
government in that distracted State a military
government without provision for election or
otherwise, except under military control. That
bill again went to the Committee on Recon-
struction. Without attempting to reilect at all
upon that committee, I venture to call the
attention of the House to the well-known fact
that there is not entire unanimity among the
members of that committee in regard to the
best method of meeting this new phase of
reconstruction in this the last of Ine States to
be reconstructed.
My colleague [Mr. Butler] has now brought
in this bill as a substitute for the Senate bill.
I do not know what may be the feeling of the
House in reference to this bill, or whether any
portion of the Reconstruction Committee may
have some substitute which may carry a ma-
jorit/of the votes of this House. A majority of
the House may be for the measure reported
by my colleague, who represents the commit-
tee. Whether that be so or not, I submit to the
House that in the present diversity of opinion,
not only in this House but in the Senate, and
also between the Senate and the House, what
hope is there in this way of proceeding that we
shall be able to legislate here so as to lift this
State up out of its now prostrate condition and
place it erect upon its feet before wo separate
this session ? 1 hope that we shall endeavor
to contrive some measure that will put an end
to this controversy among ourselves and be-
tween the two Houses upon this subject before
we separate; that we shall not go back to our
constituents confessing that from December
until July we have been in a state of division
and in acrimonious debate among ourselves
over this question, while the people of Geor-
gia have been left as they were when we came
together here, without any government which
has the semblance of being the choice of the
people over which it, is established, and that
they are to continue for an indefinite time longer
under military rule.
I for one, after having originally voted for
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] and though willing now to vote
for any fair amendment embodying either the
principles set forth in that proposition or in any
other upon which this House will agree or the
Senate will be likely to concur in, I am con-
strained for once and for the first time in this
controversy to offer a substitute for what my
colleague, representing the Committee on Re-
construction, has reported to the House. It is
a substitute that ignores all those conditions
which have heretofore been attached to propo-
sitions for the reconstruction of Georgia; which
recognizes the fact that Georgia has ratified
the several amendments to the Constitution of
the United States, that she is entitled to rep-
resentation, and is authorized to enact military
laws sufficient for her defense. If my colleague
will give me the opportunity to offer this sub-
stitute I will do so, solely in the hope that, if
it shall not be adopted by the House, still out
of it may grow some proposition that will have
less of clinging to our former position, and
more of a disposition on the one side or the
other to recognize the fact that we are now in
the last hours of a session of more than seven
months' duration, during which this discussion
has continued from beginning to end of the
session, disturbing tbclegislation and the delib-
eration in both branches, and up to this time,
as the result of it, bringing forth no fruits
which will lead to practical results.
1 therefore ask my colleague to permit me
to offer, as a substitute lor what ha has re-
ported, that which I now send to the Clerk's
desk to be read. I suppose that if I cannot
oner it as a substitute for his proposition I
have the right to offer it for the purpose of
perfecting the text of the amendment of the
Senate. I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Amend the amendment of the Senate by striking
out the preamble, and sections one, two, and three,
and inserting in lieu thereof the following :
Jleitninctfd, &c„ That the State of Georgia hav-
ing complied vrith the reconstruction acts, and the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States having been ratified in
good faith by a legal Legislature of .-aid State, it is
hereby declared that the Stale of Georgia is enti-
tled to representation in the Cougrc-:s of the United
States.
Inseifc in section four, after the woi-d " G-eorgia,"
the words, " Mississippi, Texas, and Virginia
Mr. DAWES. I ask the Clerk to read the
bill as it will be with my amendments.
The Clerk read as follows :
JJe it criactfl, f That tho State of Georgia hav-
ing complied with the reconstruction acts, and tho
