1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1917
But, it may be said, in this way you would
be contracting the currency. Well, sir, why
not do so in that way? While yon are taking
these notes out of the way, while you are with-
drawing them from circulation, while you are
canceling them at the Treasury, why not ex-
tend the facilities for national banking ? Why
not authorize the organization of national bank-
ing associations in Iowa, Missouri, Arkansas,
and the other States where there is a deficiency
to-day? Whjr not authorize the organization
of these associations, and extend to them an
amount of circulation equivalent to the amount
withdrawn by the cancellation of Treasury
notes ? Why should not this be done? In that
way the currency would not be contracted, but
you would commence the redemption of the
Treasury notes, and at the same time you will
take out of the way this irredeemable paper
currency that is resting so heavily upon the
business of the country.
I had the honor, Mr. Speaker, at an early
stage of this session to introduce a measure
upon this question. I introduced a bill looking
to the extension of national banking facilities
throughout the country, and to a commence-
ment of the redemption of greenbacks. In
substance my proposition is that in order to
make room for a national currency to be ex-
tended to the Westandthe South, where bank-
ing facilities are most needed, the Secretary
of the Treasury shall receive a portion of the
duties, upon imports in Treasury notes, which
shall be canceled when received, to the extent
of, say, thirty per cent, per annum.
A gentleman at the other end of the Capitol
has recently introduced a proposition in the
Senate to take up fifty per cent, of the amount
received for duties upon imports in greenbacks,
to be canceled when so received.
No w, I believe that with a reduction of thirty
per cent, of the amount of duties on imports,
which would amount to about fifty million dol-
lars a year, we would withdraw the entire green-
back circulation in four years; we would appre-
ciate the value of the national bank currency
and of our bonds, whether the premium on gold
remains where it is now, runs lower, or goes
higher. Before the four years would expire
I believe that the greenback circulation of the
country would be above par, far above par,
perhaps, as it would be in demand for the
necessary reserve fund in our banks and the
redemption fund of the cities. But $50,000,000
a year would not reduce the greenback circu-
lation of the country as rapidly as desirable ;
it would amount to only $200,000,000 in four
years. As for the rest of the greenback cur-
rency, I would allowthe Secretary of theTreas-
ury to fund it. But I am met on all hands by
the question, why let the Secretary of the
Treasury fund these greenbacks? for that would
be converting the lion-interest bearing ppr-
tion of the debt into an interest-bearing, which
we may be sure the country would not en-
dure.
Now, I believe, the reason why these $400,-
000,000 of greenback circulation has been kept
afloat so long, why we have not adopted some
measure for their redemption, is the fact which
is held out to the country, that that portion of
the national debt is drawing no interest what-
ever, and therefore it would be neither proper,
right, nor just to place it in a condition where
it would bear interest, and in that way add to
the burdens of the people.
What has kept a difference of value between
greenbacks and gold ? Why is it that the differ-
ence has been so great, that the chasm has been
so wide between greenbacks, or the paper cur-
rency of the country, and gold? Has it not been
because of the fact mainly that this portion of
the circulation was irredeemable? It is a de-
mand upon the Treasury oi the United States
to pay a given sum of money. But if you take
your ten-dollar greenback note to the Ireasury
of the United States what will you get for it?
Will you get the amount of money for which
it calls ? Will the Treasury pay you ten dollars
in lawful money, in gold or silver, or in any-
thing that is equivalent to ten dollars in value?
Your ten-dollar note will be redeemed, it is
true, bat you will be given another ten dollars
of the same description, another greenback.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. ASPER. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL. Suppose a man takes a
national bank note to the bank that issues it,
in what will the bank redeem it?
Mr. ASPER. In greenbacks.
Mr. RANDALL. Certainly not in gold ?
Mr. ASPER. No ; but national bank notes
have bonds behind them which drawthe gold—
another character of money.
Now, sir, I believe that the irredeemable
character of these greenbacks is the reason why
this chasm has been kept open between gold
and the paper circulation of the country ; and
I believe further that this greenback currency
has cost this country $100,000,000 a year in
the amount of depreciation, which is equivalent
to twenty-five per cent, interest upon the whole
ue ; or, in other words, has reduced this por-
tion of the circulation one quarter ; and of
course also affects the national bank circula-
tion with a like infirmity.
One hundred million dollars annually have
been added to the burdens of the country.
Where is the effect of this felt most severely?
It is felt by the small dealers, by the laborers
of the country. The weight of this burden does
not fall upon capital; it falls upon the laboring
and the producing interests. Whenever, dur-
ing the last four years, the farmers of my sec-
tion have desired to move their products to
market, they have been obliged to take pay-
ment in a depreciated currency, and thus they
have received so much less than they would have
received if a redeemable currency had been in
circulation. It would havebeen better if every
dollar of the Treasury notes had been funded,
if every dollar had been placed in six per cent,
interest-bearing bonds, and the country had
paid that interest at the rate of $24,000,000 a
year, than that this burden should thus fall
upon the labor and business of the country,
oppressing so badly the interests of the West.
That is my view in reference to this question.
Why, sir, the $24,000,000 of interest would
have been a mere bagatelle compared with the
burdens that have rested upon the people. It
would have been better for us to have paid
that amount twice over than to have had this
depreciated currency.
But I am asked by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Raxdall,] and it is a very nat-
ural inquiry—it is one we must be prepared to
meet—"How much better is the national bank
note ? What do you get for that note if you
present itatthe counter of thebank? " Why,
sir, yon get greenbacks. But I have yet to
learn the fact that any national bank note has
ever failed of redemption; for behind that
national bank note rests the bonds, the prin-
cipal and interest of which are payable in gold.
And if the bank goes out of existence, it the
association fails, the Treasury sells the bonds
which have been deposited as security by the
bank, and with the proceeds pays the billhold-
ers. But if you get this irredeemable green-
baek currency out of the way, if you wipe out
of existence this Treasury note or greenback
circulation, to what point do you come? If
the Treasury should commence the redemption
of greenbacks and wipe them out of existence
year by year, at the rate of fifty or one hundred
millions annually, extending in the mean time
the national bank facilities to the West and the
South, the greenback circulation would in the
process of time be reduced to the amount held
in reserve by the banks. Then you would have
a banking circulation based upon bonds, and
you would have still in the vaults of the banks
their reserve fund. Having reduced the green-
back circulation to 8100,000,000 or $150,000,-
000, if you extended the national bank circu-
i lation to $500,000,000 or even $600,000,000,
your reserve fund would not exceed one hun-
dred and fifty or one hundred and sixty mil-
lion dollars.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man of what that reserve is composed? Is it
gold deposits or gold certificates? Is not that
reserve composed of these very same green-
backs?
Mr. ASPER. Yes, sir; I am coming to that.
This reserve fund would be $160,000,000; and
probably most of it would be greenbacks; but
there would be no other greenbacks in circu-
lation. What would naturally follow? When
you get the greenback circulation down to
$160,000,000 your greenback is about at par,
as the old demand notes were; you can at any
time in any business demand gold for the green-
back and it is forthcoming. But with the
$100,000,000 of gold that is constantly in
the Treasury of the United States, with the
$48,000,000 of gold, or, what is the same thing,
gold certificates now in the vaults of the banks,
as is shown by the last report to the Comp-
troller of the Currency, you have in round num-
bers $150,000,000 of gold—$100,000,000 in the
Treasury of the United States and $48,000,000
or thereabouts in the vaults of the banks
located mainly in the city of New York. With
this $100,000,000 in gold the Secretary of the
Treasury, if duly authorized by law, could
redeem these greenbacks, could exchange the
gold which would accumulate in th« Treasury
for the greenbacks in the vaults of the banks.
Then you have gold in the vaults of the banks
instead of the vaults of the Treasury; and then,
when you present your note at the counter oi
the banking association you get the gold for it.
While we do not expect this is to be done im-
mediately, we do not think with the New York
Tribune that the way to redeem is to say that
we redeem. I do not believe, Mr. Speaker,
that is the way. But you have to commence
somewhere. You will have to commence to-day
or to-morrow or next year to use the necessary
means which will bring about the changes that
will be safe and reasonable to enter upon what
we believe to be necessary, and that is areturn
to specie payment. That is what we have got
to do.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to incorporate with my
remarks the bill I had the honor to introduce
on the 10th of January last. It is as follows :
A hill to extend the privileges of the act to provide
a national currency secured by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof; and to provide tor the
payment and cancellation of the United States
Treasury notes, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives nfthe United Slates of America m Congress assem-
bled, That the national currency issued under the
act to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof, shall be
increased gradually, as the United States Ireasury
notes now circulating as lawful money shallberetired
or redeemed by the Secretary of the Treasury, as
hereinafter provided, until the entire amount ot
notes for circulation shall be $000,000,000, and sha.l
not exceed that amount: Provided, That the increase
of national currency herein provided for shall be
given out to banking associations, to be organized
or now organized under said act, in such States and
Territories having no banking circulation, or a cir-
culation less than the average circulation of the
States of Massachusetts, Ehode Island, Connecticut,
New York, Pennsylvania, and Maryland, the same
to be estimated on the basis provided in the act to
establish a national currency, passed June 3,1803, tor
the distribution of $300,000,000 of national currency
provided for by said act: And provided furtlier. Anal
no State now having its full quota of said $300,0uu,OuJ
or an excess thereof shall be permitted to organize
new banking associations, and reeeive therefor notes
for circulation, nor shall the circulation of baniung
assoeiationsnow organized insuchStatesbemcreased
until all tho States and Territories shall have a bank
ing circulation equal to the banking circulation oi
such States, and thereafter the distribution of na-
tional currency shall be equal to all the States and
Territories, as near as may be, according totnepop-
ulation and wealth of each.
Sec. 2. And be it further enaeted, That to P™,™
for the increase of the national currency as afore-
said, tho Secretary of tho Treasury is hereby author
ized and required to direct that thirty per cen . ■
duties on imports shall be paid and rece ln
United States Treasury notes, and that all notes tnus
received into the Treasury shall be canceled, and no
new iilsues of United States notes or Treasury notes
