1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GlLOBE.
2861
to-day what my record has been upon contested-
election cases before this House. But I do
not recollect—and I am willing to be corrected
if I am wrong—a single instance where a Dem-
ocratic member upon this floor voteddirectly
against a Democrat in a contested-election case.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman says
that in election cases he always goes upon the
law and the evidence.
Mr. MYERS. I do, or try to do so.
Mr. WOODWARD. I would like to ask
the gentleman if he tried to do so when he
turned John Moffat out of this House?
Mr. MYERS. Yes, sir ; I not only tried to
do so, but I succeeded in doing so. I suppose
that galled the gentleman, too.
Mr. WOODWARD. Allow me to say 
Mr. MYERS. In a moment.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman had
better take the whole question at the same
time.
Mr. MYERS. I prefer not to yield now.
Mr. WOODWARD. Let me finish what I
desire to say, which is that if there had been
the slightest regard to the law and theevidence
in that case the gentleman would not be here
to-day.
Mr. MYERS. I have listened to my col-
league, [Mr. Woodward,] and I see what it is
that sinks deep into his soul. I know exactly
how he has voted on all these questions. I
know he never voted against a Democratic
claimant of a seat on this floor in any contested-
election ease. I was elected by over seventy ma-
jority of single votes; the Committee of Elec-
tions so reported. The House acted on this
evidence, and the people of my district at the
succeeding election sanctioned them by more
than one thousand majority. Theattemptmade
to contradict that report and evidence having
failed seems still to burn in my colleague's
breast. And although some Democrats re-
mained away rather than vote against the strong
testimony id my favor, the gentleman cannot
get over it. He is there upon the record vot-
ing to sustain the claim of a man 
Mr. WOODWARD. Who was elected.
Mr. MYERS. Who came here by fraud,
and had added in his return a large nnmber
of votes that were shown to be illegal and
spurious, and the gentleman could not contra-
dict it upon this floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Has not this debate
gone far enough? I make that point of order.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, having disposed
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woodward,] and the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerb,] I will now yield to my friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. KERR. I begthe gentleman's pardon.
He has not the floor to yield.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Kerr] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What has become of
my point of order?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] insists upon his point
of order the Chair will be compelled to sus-
tain it.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman will not
press it now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will wait a little.
Mr. KERR. I desire but a few moments
longer. I wish to say in reply to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers,] who
seems to be a great deal more hurt than I am,
that the point which he undertakes to mag-
nify so much was in my judgment so lightthat
it has never come down or sunk anywhere.
It is entirely unsubstantial in every one of its
characteristics and features, but is precisely in
keeping with the points generally made by that
gentleman on this floor. He is full of such
points, and evidently has the impression that
he sometimes makes them very smartly, so that
they will hurt somebody a great deal.
In reference to what he has said of the con-
duct of Democrats in this House, and their
votes upon contested-election cases, I desire
to say that during the last eight or ten years
they have not had many opportunities to vote
in such cases except to sustain minority re-
ports of the Committee of Elections, and that
in the judgment of many gentlemen upon the
other side of the House they have nearly
always been right. Even the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers,] who now says
that he voted against the admission of Mr.
Washburn, of my State, and of Mr. Delano,
of Ohio, to seats upon this floor, thereby im-
peaches the judicial fairness and integrity and
honesty of his own political friends in this
House who voted for their admission. He
was right then and they were wrong. It gives
me pleasure to say to the gentleman that he
was right in those two cases, however wrong
he undoubtedly was in many other cases. As
to the motives which generally control the
decision of contested-elections by the majority
in this House, I refer the gentleman to the
opinion of the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] lately chairman
of the Committee on Elections. I want also
to say that I have both reported and voted
against the admission of Democratic claimants
to seats here.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to another point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. My point is that this
debate is not in order on the resolution now
before the House.
The SPEAKER. If the point of order is
insisted upon the Chair must sustain it. The
Chair has been indulgent in not ruling this dis-
cussion out of order, desiring, so far as a per-
sonal explanation was concerned, to give the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] every
latitude for that purpose; but the gentleman
must himself see that the discussion is going
far beyond all proper limits of debate npon the
resolution now before the House.
Mr. KERR. I would like to yield for a few
moments to one or two gentlemen.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman yields
it will be the duty of the Chair, should the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] insist on
his point of order, to confine remarks strictly
to the pending resolution, which directs the
Speaker of the House to notify the Governor
of Louisiana that there is a vacancy in the
representation from the first congressional dis-
trict of that State.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman from Illinois
may be willing to waive his point of order in
behalf of some other gentleman.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I shall not withdraw
the point.
Mr. KERR. Then I demand the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to be heard on
this resolution. I claim the right to be heard
as a member of the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. It is a question for the
House to determine.
Mr. STEVENSON. I make my appeal to
the House. I hope the previous question will
not be sustained.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 53, noes 52; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kerr and
Mr. Stevenson were appointed.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the House
now adjourn.
LEAVE or ABSENCE.
Mr. McKENZIE obtained leave of absence
for three days.
Mr. BOOKER obtained leave of absence
for two days.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, obtained leave of
absence for two days.
Mr. PLATT obtained leave of absence for
five days.
Mr. BURR obtained indefinite leave of ab-
sence, on account of sickness in his family.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. SCOFIELD obtained leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers of R. C.
Erwin for reference to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. STOKES obtained leave to withdraw
papers in the case of Mrs. Eliza M. Scantland,
of Tennessee.
committee appointments.
The SPEAKER announced the following
appointments on committees:
Committee on the Pacific Railroad—Law-
rence S. Trimble, of Kentucky, in place of
Philadelph Van Trump, who declines further
service.
Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads—Philadelph Van Trump, of Ohio, in
place of Lawrence S. Trimble, who declines
further service.
annexation of dominica.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to offer a resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object. I think it is
about Dominica. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Hear it
read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will say
it has no reference to Dominica I will withdraw
the objection.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
title.
The Clerk read as follows:
Joint resolution to annex the Republic of Domin-
ica.
[Laughter.]
; Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
st. james and little rock railroad.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, by unani-
mous consent, reported from the Committee
on the Public Lands a bill (H. R. No. 1830)
granting lands to aid in the construction of the
St. James and Little Rock railroad; which was
read a first and second time, recommitted, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Sargent that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and five minutes p. m.)the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of George
S. Gunn, for a pension.
Also, the petition of B. P. McDaniel, for
repayment of money expended in defending
himself when tried by court-martial.
Also, a petition of the Masons of Delevan,
Illinois, asking the protection of American
citizens in Cuba.
Also, a petition of Masons of Flora, Illinois,
praying for protection of Masons in Cuba.
Also, a petition of Masons of Chicago,
Illinois, asking for the same.
Also, a petition of Masons, of Springfield,
Illinois, asking for the same.
Also, a petition of Minonk Lodge of Masons,
praying for the same.
Also, a petition of Masons of Jerseyville,
Illinois, in behalf of the protection of citizens
and Masons in Cuba.
Also, petitions of Masons of Nauvoo, Illi-
nois, of Chester Lodge of Masons, and of
Washburn Lodge of Masons, Illinois, for the
same purpose.
By Mr. PROSSER: The petition of Clay
Carter, (colored,) setting forth the loss of both
legs from frost in the service of the United
States, and asking a pension.
