3806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
ballot or ticket, or committed either of the offenses
named in the preceding sections of this act with ref-
erence to such ballot.
You need not actually prove, therefore, the
gravamen of the offense; you have that pre-
sumed for you ; you have the presumption that
the man was guilty, and you may either indict
him or convict him without proving the grava-
men of the offense at all. I say the proposi-
tion is a monstrous one. It is utterly repug-
nant, or ought to be, to any American mind,
and it is an entire reversal of all the principles
that have heretofore been supposed to He at
the basis of our administration of justice.
Mr. President, there are many provisions of
this law which would challenge comment and
deserve the strongest reprobation. I am aware,
however, of the near approach of the time
fixed compulsorily by the majority for taking
the vote, and that other gentlemen desire to
make some remarks touching this question
before that time arrives. This measure indi-
cates to me only more strongly that which
from my soul I do regret, that it seems to be
the belief of Congress that the American people
will not perform their duties to each other and
to their Government except under the lasb and
under your coercive powers. I would not give
much for that man, either for his patriotism or
for any other quality that would tpake him a
good citizen, who only performs his duties
because he is afraid not to perform them.
Sir, the strength of the American Govern-
ment ought to be in the hearts of the American
people. You cannot conjure it there ; you
cannot put it there by bayonets, and you never,
never will establish it by acts like this. Yon
are now relying for your governmental safety
entirely upon coercive power. You are not
counting upon that" cheap defense " of nations
which is the love that every son of his country
ought to bear toward it. Those things you are
discarding. You are not treating your fellow-
citizens according to their deserts; you are not
appealing to their higher or their better motives,
but you are fast substituting instead of our
voluntary system of government a system of
compulsion; and I say it will be an unhappy
day for this country when the safety of our
Government shall depend upon the amount of
military force or upon the amount of judicial
tyranny which your laws may enable you to
bring to bear upon the people.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it was
my intention to discuss this question at some
length; but the time at which the vote is to
be taken, deducting the half hour allowed to
the Senator from Nevada, is nearly exhausted.
I shall not, therefore, enter into any general
discussion of the merits of this bill, if merit it
has j and I shall be compelled in a few mo-
ments, according to the understanding, to close
n:y remarks.
Mr. President, many thoughtful minds, in
view of the legislation of Congress during the
last five years, are beginning to doubt the wis-
dom of the action of our fathers who ratified
the^ Constitution of the United States. If the
legislation of Congress for the last five years is
to be permanent, then I for one, in the Sen-
ate of the United States and upon my personal
responsibility, declare it to be my solemn
belief that our fathers made a great mistake
when they originally ratified the Constitution
of the United States. And why do I say so?
Because every feature of their work has been
destroyed by your revolutionary action. I do
not mean to be personally offensive to Sen-
ators, because for the members of this body
personally, generally, I have great respect.
But, sir, I say with all the honesty that can
influence an honest heart, that I regard this
Republican party as nothing more nor less
than a.revolutionary party which has deliber-
ately, with purpose and with design, subverted
the Constitution of their country, while charg-
ing their political opponents with disloyally.
In time of war, when you could appeal to that
patriotism which you know ever warms the
American heart, when you could say that
the flag of the country had been fired upon and
that the life of the nation was endangered, you
could cry out " disloyal," "copperhead," and
"traitor" to your political opponents. But now
that war has ceased ; and in the times of peace
and calmness the honest reflecting people of
this country will sit in judgment upon your
action, and that judgment will be that under the
pretense of being loyal yourselves to the Con-
stitution and Government of your country,
under the pretense of being the friends of the
Union formed by your fathers, you deliberately
planned the subversion of the Government
which they framed, and you stand to-day before
the enlightened world, and you will stand for-
ever upon the pages of impartial and enlight-
ened history as the destroyers of the Constitu-
tion and liberties of your country.
Let it never be heard again from any mem-
ber of this llepubliean party that there exists
throughout the length and breadth of this whole
land one man unfaithful to the Constitution and
Government of his country as framed by his
fathers, one man who desires to destroy the life
of this great nation, unless he is a member of
this revolutionary, Black Republican party.
Tell me if you dare, tell me if you can, one
great feature of the personal liberty of the citi-
zen or of the rights of the States which you
have not destroyed, which you have not totally
subverted.
Your fathers, belonging to separate and in-
dependent communities called States, thirteen
in number, entered into a common bond of
union for certain definite, specific purposes, the
preservation of the liberty of the citizen and the
preservation of the rights of the States. Turn
to the writings of the master minds who com-
posed the Convention which framed your Fed-
eral Constitution and read what they said were
the objects and the purposes for which that
Constitution was formed. Was it to d.estroy
local self-government? Was it to destroy the
powers of the States which made the Constitu-
tion—for all this talk about the Constitution
having been made by the people of the United
States may do for men who never read the
Constitution and know nothing of theAistory
of it; it was made by the States, ratified by
the States, was the creature of the States; and
do you suppose that those States would have
ratified that instrument if they supposed it con-
ferred power upon you, their mere creatures,
creatures endowed with but certain limited and
specified delegated powers, to subvert the whole
system of government? If the people of the
States ratifying this Constitution, if the wise
men, the representatives of those States in the
Federal Convention which adopted the Con-
stitution, believed that you would ever attempt
such legislation as that you have been latterly
enacting, do you suppose they would have ever
framed the Constitution or entered into the
Union f Impossible, sir; they would have
scorned such an instrument as an insult to their
understanding. Happily for those great men,
they were taken from earth before your party
sprang into power or before the scenes of this
day wore to be enacted. God for wise purposes
does not allow men to live always; and 1 do
not know but that one purpose of the lim-
itation of human life may be that it takes the
good away that they may not see the evil of
the bad.
Your Federal Constitution was framed, ac-
cording to the writers in the Federalist and
every other writer upon the Constitution of
the United States, for certain limited, specified
purposes; and Mr. Madison says in the Fed-
eralist, which I will not take the time to read,
for purposes connected with our foreign rela-
tions, with the imposition of taxes for the sup-
port of the General Government, and for the
regulation of commerce with foreign States
and between the States composing the Union.
These were the three purposes for which the
Federal Government was framed. And the
same book and the same writers tell you that
the States reserved to themselves all other
powers, and never intended to delegate them
to any single authority wbieh they themselves
had made, to any creature of their own.
Now, sir, east your mind's eye back, and
answer me as an honest Senator whether you
believe that if the men who framed the Con-
stitution had known that the legislation of the
last five years, particularly yonr civil rights bill,
your fourteenth and fifteenth pretended amend-
ments, and this most iniquitous bill to enforce
these pretended amendments, would have been
enacted, they would ever have entered into the
Federal Union? No, sir. It is a fraud not only
upon the living but upon the noble and illus-
trious dead, and by their memory and by their
honored ashes 1 protest against your legislation
here to-day as an outrage upon every principle
of right and upon every principle of govern-
ment which they held sacred, for which they
periled their lives, and for which they fruitlessly
adopted this Federal Constitution.
Sir, I repeat that if this legislation is to be
permanent the framera of the Federal Consti-
tution made a great mistake in entering into
the Federal Union, and far better would it
have been that the States had remained separ-
ate, independent, sovereign communities than
to have entered into a contract with themselves
which you so willfully and knowingly subvert.
I have but a few minutes left, I perceive.
Mr. President, I design from these general
remarks to notice one feature in this bill, and
I wish to call the attention of the country, of
every man, woman, and child throughout the
country to it; and I wish the old gray-headed
fathers not only who hear me to-day, but who
shall read my remarks, to ponder well that par-
ticular matter which I now propose to call to
their attention. I call on the mothers through-
out the land to heed one provision of this,
I had almost said infamous bill, and I will say
it now, because it is not unparliamentary, I
presume, before it becomes the action of the
body. I call upon the young men throughout
the land to note it. I call upon the young
women throughout the land to note it; and
what is it?
That all citizens of the United States who are or
shall be otherwise qualified bylaw to vote at uny
election by the people in any State, Territory, district,
county, city, parish, township, school district, mu-
nicipality, or other territorial subdivisions, shall
he entitled and allowed to vote at such elections.
Then, sir, under the pretense of enforcing
the fifteenth amendment you open in every
city, in every county, in every 'State of this
Union, the public schools to the control of the
free negroes of the land. You open every free
school throughout the country to the black race
as well as the white. Ah, sir, you who sit in
congressional halls may suffer nothing from
this ; you may be able to hire private tutors in
your families; you may be able to send your
children to other schools in other countries
where this thing is not law; but throughout
this whole broad land ninety-nine out of every
hundred of your fellow-citizens are not able to
do so; and if they will guaranty or secure to
their loved ones the privilegesof common-school
education they cannotdoitwithoutplacingthera
in schools with free negroes and mulattoes.
Do you believe that if you had presented this
issue plainly and distinctly to the American
people, do you believe that if you were to
present it now they would approve of your
action? No, sirs; you know they would not.
There is one remedy, thank God! The very
heedlessness of your action, the very greed
with which you grasp at power, will be the
means of your own defeat; and may God hasten
the day, for I never could yet divine why in
His providence, whether for purposes of venge-
ance or of wrath, He allowed such a party to
disgrace His footstool. Yes, sir; the free
schools of the country are to be opened alike
to black and white ; and that by the legislation
of a Republican Congress !
_ Sir, there are other features of this bill which
it would give iae pleasure to discuss ; bat I
