974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
RECONSIDERATION OF REFERENCES, ETC.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
various votes by which bills, &c., had been
referred and recommitted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDEMNITY FUNDS.
Mr. DICKEY. I ask leave to report back
from the Committee on Appropriations the bill
(H. B. No. 979) authorizing certain indemnity
funds received from the Governments of China
and Japan to be covered into the Treasury of
the United States, for the purpose of putting it
upon its passage.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object to
anything that comes from that quarter, right
or wrong.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Has not the Committee
on Appropriations the right to report at any
time ?
The SPEAKER. For reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
but not for action.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports.
The morning hour nowcommences. and reports
are in order from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
KMIL RUGER.
Mr. JUDD, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported back the memorial of Emil
Ruger,asking compensation and redress against
the Government of Denmark for false arrest
and imprisonment, and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that it be laid upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
E. DIEKELMAN.
Mr. JUDD, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution (H. R. No. 144) to
enable the Court of Claims to hear and determ-
ine the claim of E. Diekelman, a -subject of
the king of Prussia; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the claim of E. Diekelman, a subject
of the king of Prussia, for damages for the
alleged detention of the ship Essex by the mil-
itary authorities of the United States, at New
Orleans, in the month of September, 1862,
shall be referred to the Court of Claims for its
decision, in accordance with the principles of
equity and justice, and to award such damages
as may be just in the premises, if he be entitled
to any damages.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, andpassed.
Mr. JUDD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER W. A. KIRKLAND.
Mr. WILLARD, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, Senate joint
resolution No. 28, to anthorize Lieutenant Com-
mander W. A. Kirkland, of the United States
Navy, to accept a gold medal from the emperor
of France.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes Lieutenant Commander W. A. Kirkland,
j i Pnlte4 States Navy, to accept a gold
medal from the emperor of Ffancp, tendered
him in appreciation of services rendered to the
inhabitants of Point-&-Pitre, when that place
was visited by a hurricane.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
i The latter motion was agreed to.
I COMMANDER CHARLES H. BALDWIN.
! Mr. SWANN, from the Committee on For-
! eign Affairs, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that the same do pass, Senate joint reso-
lution No. 27, authorizing Commander Charles
H. Baldwin, of the United States Navy, to
accept a gold medal from the king of the
Netherlands.
! The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes Commander Charles H. Baldwin, of the
United States Navy, to accept a gold medal
from the king of the Netherlands, tendered
him in appreciation of services rendered to a
merchant vessel of that nation in distress.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SWANN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN CITIZENS IMPRISONED ABROAD.
Mr. SWANN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to present a report,
the subject-matter of which is of considerable
interest to a large class of our citizens. I am
also instructed to ask that the resolution ap-
pended to the report be now considered.
The report, which was read, states that on
the 14th of December, 1869, the following reso-
lution relating to the treatment of American
citizens now held in prisons under English
authority was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs:
Resolved, That the American people. learn with
; horror and indignation of the treatment of American
citizens no w held as political prisoners under English
authority; that no language is sufficient to condemn
the usage of such prisoners, and that we urge upon
the national Executive the imperative duty of imme-
diate intervention on their behalf in such manner
as shall tend to the prompt amelioration of their
condition or their release; that the President com-
municate to this House such information as he may
have in reference to this subject.
The report further states that the committee
have no official or authentic information which
would justify at this time, and without further
investigation, the adoption of the resolution
in the form in which it was presented for their
action; that they, however, deem the inquiry
which it proposes of too much gravity, affect-
ing as it does so large a class of our citizens,
to be hastily disposed of, and without the most
searching scrutiny into the obligation which,
if the facts therein stated be true, it imposes
upon the Representatives of the people in the
cause of justice and humanity.
The report further states that the committee
cannot shut their eyes to the fact that a large
element of our population, composed alike of
Irish and native-born citizens, have become
deeply interested in the wrongs alleged to have
been _ committed by the authorities of Great
Britain: but while expressing no opinion upon
the truth or falsity of the statements brought
to their notice, the committee deem it their
duty to express their cordial sympathy in the
subject of the resolution submitted to them,
so far as to cooperate in the endeavor to pro-
cure the fullest information upon the facts
involved in the inquiry, not only as a duty
of Christian charity, but of obligation to our
adopted citizens; that while interposing the
offices of humanity in behalf of all alike, it
should be demanded by this Government,when-
ever occasion arises, as a measure of interna-
tional right as well as of justice, and that no '
American citizen, whether native or natural-
ized, shall be subject to outrage in any country
or by any people without prompt and ample
reparation.
The committee, therefore, submit the follow-
ing resolution, and recommend its adoption br
the House, namely:
Resolved bv the House of Representatives, That t'i«
President of the United States be requested to com-
municate to thisHouse, if not incompatible with the
public interest, any information which may have
come to his knowledge concerning American citi
zens, whether native or naturalized, who may be at
this time confined in the jails or prisons of Great
Britain for political offenses, and any facts in rela-
tion to the treatment of such prisoners whi eh he mav
foel at liberty to communicate. *
The question was upon adopting the resolu-
tion.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, the resolution
as reported by the committee is a simple reso-
lution of inquiry, calling upon the President of
the United States to furnish this House with
information in reference to the confinement
of American citizens charged with political
offenses by the authorities of Great Britain.
Upon this resolution 1 desire to say a very
few words. It is well known to the country
that for years past the people of Ireland have
been subjected to outrage and degradation •
deprived of the rights which were accorded to
otliers living under the same Government;
restricted in their religious faith ; robbed of
their hard earnings by an exacting aristocracy,
and finally driven to seek an asylum in this
free« land, under the combined pressure of
slavery and starvation. Of the nationalities
that have flocked to our shores to escape the
oppression of despotic rule it is not invid-
ious to say that the Irish have taken the lead
as pioneers in that great march of progress
and development which has leveled your
forests, called into practical existence your
works of internal improvement, and contrib-
uted by their labor to the productive wealth
and power of this nation. The Irish constitute
a large and useful element of our population.
Deeply imbued with the spirit of liberty, they
have sustained your institutions and fought
your battles. To say that I am in sympathy
with these people would be to express but
feebly my appreciation of their character and
services.
It is the first duty of a Government, Mr.
Speaker, to protect her citizens, to throw around
them the panoply of her power, and to defend
them when assailed, at every sacrifice, against
oppression and wrong, come from what source
it may. Not less imperative is the moral duty
of friendly remonstrance when the principles
of right and justice are forgotten, and nations,
like individuals, become blinded by distorted
views of their own interest.
The people of Ireland are charged with
'' political offenses," and some of our harm-
less and unoffending citizens of Irish descent
have fallen victims to the suspicions which"
have attached indiscriminately to their race.
They are the despised champions of popular
sovereignty and the right of self-government.
This is the high crime with which they stand
charged. They have done no more than the
people of France have done recently, and Louis
Napoleon has been forced to concede, in boldly
striking the chord of popular sovereignty and
self-government and demanding the liberaliza-
tion of the degrading system under which they
have so long and patiently suffered. England
may throw them into prisons, but that chord,
she may rest assured, will never cease to
vibrate. It is the voice of freedom, coming
from the martyred graves of Tone and Emmett
and Fitzgerald. Can any one with the impulses
of an American heart refuse to extend a help-
ing hand in every form of benevolent sympathy
to these brave and galldnt people, and in thus
acting to make glad the firesides of millions
who are scattered over this land, showing at
least that if we are powerless we are not
ungrateful?
If England can see her true interest, which
