2862
THE 0ONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
By Mr. SCHENCiv: A petition of 98 clerks
and employes of the Sixth Auditor's office,
praying that the tax on salaries be continued
no longer than that on incomes.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 21, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
max, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Charles
Latham, Plymouth, North Carolina; of R. M.
Allisou, Concord, North Carolina; of W. W.
Peebles, Northampton county, North Caro-
lina; of Thomas Cochrane, jr., Chowan county,
North Carolina; of S. H. Hood, Johnston
county, North Carolina; and of C. W. Murray,
Duplin county, North Carolina, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of E. Ran-
sum, of North Carolina, in behalf of Bartlett
Jones, jr., and John A. Pledgen. of thatSt&te,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
S. W. Cockrell, of -Greene county, Alabama,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petitions of A.
C. Mcintosh, Taylerville, Alexander county,
North Carolina, and of A. B. Jones, Asheville,
North Carolina, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the Belect Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented a
petition ofFoster Henshaw and others,of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, representing that
there is no legal grade established onVirginia
avenue and Third street east and praying Con-
gress to enact a law authorizing the grading of
that part of the avenue; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
Mr. BAYARD presented the petitions of
Caroline Payne ana Lydia A. McLaughlin, of
Delaware, praying arrears of pension; which
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
John W. Price, of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 510) to simplify and reduce the
expense of taking testimony in establishing
claims for bounties and pensions, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Oliver Powers, praying to be allowed pay as
a private in company K, tenth regiment Ten-
nessee cavalry, up to the day that the company
was discharged, reported a bill (S. No. 825)
for the relief of Oliver Powers; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Asa Porter, pray-
ing to be allowed arrears of pay and bounty
on account of service rendered by his son,
Elias K. Porter, of company B, first Missouri
heavy artillery, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was re-
ferred a resolution of the Senate of the 8th of
December last, requesting that committee to
inquire if any States are denying to any class
of persons withiu their jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws, in violation of treaty
obligations with foreign nations and of section
one of the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution, and if so what legislation is neces-
sary to enforce such treaty obligations and
such amendment, to report it back, and there
having been a bill reported on that subject by
the committee, I move that the resolution be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 671) to promote commerceand to cheapen
the transportation of the mails and military
and naval stores between Cincinnati and Chat-
tanooga, reported it without amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (II.
! R. No. 1766) in relation to the Iowa river in
j the State of Iowa, reported it without amend-
ment.
! Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 520) for the relief
| of L. F. Larkin, of Weldon, North Carolina,
I reported it with an amendment.
He also,from the same committee, to whom
| was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1718) for the
J relief of A. A. Vance, postmaster at Morris-
town, New Jersey, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
128) for the relief of George W. Keyes, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 16) for the relief of Benjamin Cooley
and James W. Boswell, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Henry Newell,pray-
ing that the Secretary of the Treasury may be
authorized to issue to him duplicate United
States bonds in lieu of United States bonds
Nos. 37785, 37786, 37788, and 34954, lost at
seainOctober 1866, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 828) for the relief of
Henry Newell.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Benjamin D. Roper,
of Charleston, South Carolina, praying for re-
muneration for property destroyed by order of
Colonel Beecher, United States Army, in the
spring of 1865, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No.-
826) to amend an act to provide internal reve-
nue to support the Government, pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes, ap-
proved June 30,1864, as subsequently amended;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 827) to provide for the collection of debts
due the United States from certain southern
railroad corporations; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 178) relative to the suits of the
United States against certain southern railroad
corporations; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
. Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 829) in relation to fraudu-
lent trade-marks upon foreign watches; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
steamship service to australia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there are no
Senate resolutions the morning business is ex-
hausted, and the Senate resumes the consider-
ation of the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, refer-
ring the bill (S. No. 736) to authorize the
establishment of ocean mail steamship service
between the United States and Australia to
the Committee on Commerce. The Commit-
; tee on Post Offices and Post Roads has already
: been discharged from the consideration of the
j bill, and the question now is on the resolution
j of that committee that it be referred to the
: Committee on Commerce.
1 The resolution was agreed to.
!]' general orders.
!i The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
/ will report the next resolution which has been
laid over.
The Secretary read the following resolution
submitted by Mr. Anthony on the 19th in-
stant, as modified by him :
Ordered, That on Friday and Saturday next, imme-
diately after tho privileged morning business shall
t have been concluded, the CalendarshaU be taken up
i for the consideration of general orders not objected
to, and no other business shall bo in order.
| The resolution was agreed to.
change OF roms.
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
resolution of Mr. Williams, providing that the
I rule last adopted in regard to the order of busi-
ness should be go construed as not to apply to
: the morning hour.
i Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that that resolu-
j! t-ion be passed over.
;! Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. POMEROY. Oh,
i j no ; let it lie on the table.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not want it laid on
the table. I move that it be passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
steamship service to australia.
Mr. COLE. I was not giving attention at
the time the vote was taken upon the motion
to refer to the Committee on Commerce the
bill (S. No. 736) relating to steam service
between the United States and Australia. I
move to reconsider the vote by which that bill
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to reconsider the vote by
which the bill in regard to a subsidy for a line
of steamers between California and Australia
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The question is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. COLE. I only wish a distinct vote on
the subject. If I had heard it announced I
should have asked for a division at the time.
If it is the sense of the Senate that the bill shall
be referred to the Committee on Commerce,
of course I must abide by it; but I should like
to have the judgment of the Senate given
distinctly.
Mr. NYE. What does the Senator wish to
have done with the bill ?
Mr. COLE. I want it to go back to the
Post Office Committee, or else to be placed on
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, as ho did yesterday, that if this motion
to refer to the Committee on Commerce should
be voted down, the bill will be placed on the
Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY, But a vote of the Senate
could recommit it to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. I move the reconsideration for
the purpose of getting the sense of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I inquire if the
bill has been considered by the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was consid-
ered by that committee, and reported back
