1918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
shall be issued in lieu thereof or for any other pur-
pose whatever.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That further to
provide for the retiring of the United States Treasury
notes, the Secretary of theTreasury is hereby author-
ized to prepare aUnited States registered bond, under
such form as is now provided by law, payable at the
pleasure of the United States after such period as
may be named by him, not less than twenty years or
more than thirty years from date, and of such denom-
inations, not less than fifty dollars, as he may deem
expedient, bearing interest at a rate not exceeding
four and a half per cent, per annumin coin, payable
on bonds not exceeding $100 annually, and on all
other bonds semi-annually, which bonds ho is author-
ized to exchange for thoUnited States Treasurynotes
now in circulation as lawful money, in such amounts
and at such time or times as the demand for a circu-
lation for the new banking associations will warrant;
and all United States Treasury notes thus received
in exchange for such bonds shall bo canceled. And
the United States bonds issued under the provisions
of this act may be deposited in the Treasury by all
now banking associations, as the security for thoir
ciiculating noteb, as is provided in tlieaet aforesaid ;
and all bonds issued under the provisions of this act
shall be exempt from taxation by or under State or
municipal authority.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all United
States bonds heretofore issued by and under authority
of law, bearing a greater rato of interest than four
and one hall'per cent, per annum, hold by banking
associations, corporations, or individuals, may be
exchanged for the long term, four and ono half per
cent, interest-bearing bonds, authorized by this act;
and for the accommodation of parties desiring coupon
bonds the Secretary is hereby authorized to issue
coupon bonds of like character and terms as the
registered bond herein provided for.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts, in anywise conflicting with the provis-
ions of this act, or inconsistent therewith, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall retain in the Treasury all
coin received tordutieson imports and from all other
sources, except such portion thereof as may be neccs-
sary to pay tho interest on the public debt and for
gold certificates,until in hisopinion a sufficient sum
shall have accumulated to pay oil' and redeem the
United States Treasury notes heid by tho banking
associations as their reserve or redemption fund,
colled 'lawful money' of tho United States in tho
net aforesaid; whereupon tie shall, upon notico to
the banking associations, require them to oxchange
tho Treasury notes held by them l'or coin at tho
Treasury; and all sueh Treasury notes received by
him in such exchange shall be canceled. And from
and after such time as the Secrotaryof the Treasury
shall deem reasonable, and not to exceed four years
from tho dato, and upon nnd after due notico shall
be given of such decision, the reserve or redemption
fund of all tho banking associations shall be coin
instead of the lawful money now provided by law.
Sec. 7. And be it further r,meted, That this act
shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage.
Mr. Speaker, J do not present this bill be-
lieving that it is better than any other, but I
believe this to be the only way to arrive at n
correct view of this question, that every gentle-
man who has a proposition should submit it to
the House in order that all the propositions to
be offered may be discussed, the reasons for
and against each weighed by each member of
the House and silted, and the truth at last
reached, so that wo may have as the result
of our labors the very best measure which can
be devised by the united efforts of all the Rep-
resentatives of the people. 1 believe that is
the only way by which we can reach the best
result, and in that view I have drawn up and
presented a proposition embodying tho ideas
I entertain on this particular question.
Mr. McNEELY. 1 ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a question.
Mr. ASPER. Certainly.
Mr. McNEELY. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to issue national bank currency to take
tho place of greenbacks ?
Mr. ASPEE. Yes, sir.
Mr. McNEELY. Does the gentleman pro-
pose that this national banking currency shall
be redeemed by greenbacks?
Mr. ASPER. I propose they shall be re-
deemed bygreenbacksunt.il the change I have
stated can be brought about whereby they will
be redeemed with gold.
Mr. McNEELY. Idesireto ask the gentle-
man, then, why he says greenbacks are an
irredeemable currency, when he proposes to
redeem his bank notes with greenbacks?
Mr. ASPER. In answer to the gentleman
I will say that greenbacks are an irredeem-
able currency, because we do not redeem them.
But as soon as you commence their redemption
then they are no longer irredeemable.
Mr. RANDALL. When specie payment
takes place, I ask the gentleman whether a
dollar in greenbacks is not equal to a dollar
in gold?
Mr. ASPER. Most certainly.
Mr. RANDALL. I maintain that the green-
back is the better circulation of the two. Men
who have to choose between parting with
greenbacks and parting with national bank
notes, pay out national bank notes rather than
greenbacks, because the greenbacks are used
for the redemption of the national bank notes
in case the national banks should fail. In my
judgment, if we are to have a circulation, it
should be a circulation of greenbacks instead
of a circulation of national bank notes, be-
cause the greenbacks will not require the
Government to pay double interest; that is to
say, the Government shall not be required to
extend to the banks the privilege of furnish-
ing the entire amount of circulation required
by the people and pay interest upon the bonds
required to be deposited to sccure that circu-
lation, as well as to afford to the banks the
privilege of making money out of the monop-
oly of the circulation.
Mr. ASPER. I thought the gentleman was
going to ask me a question ; but instead of
that he has gone on to make a speech.
Mr. RANDALL. I thought the gentleman
was through with his speech.
Mr. ASPER. I think, Mr. Speaker—and
that is my position in reference to the matter—
that the national bank notes are the superior
circulation. A Treasury note has nothing be-
hind it but tho general credit of the country.
It is true that we do not expect that this Gov-
ernment is going into repudiation. I do not
believe there is any one m the country or any
great body of the people who desire the repu-
diation of the national debt. 1 believe, how-
ever, that the national bank note currency is
the best for the people, because behind the
national cutrency are the gold-bearing bonds,
which to-day, under the operations pursued by
tho Secretary of the Treasury, are above par
in the market of New York.
Mr. McNEELY. If tho gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him, I would like him to tell
me why the bonds of the Government back of
the national currency have a better security
than the faith of the Government back of the
greenbacks.
Mr. ASPER. Simply because the national
currency rests upon a bond that is redeemable
or payable in gold, and if you force the bond
into the market you get gold for it.
Mr. McNEELY. The gentleman and my-
self are both from the West, and I hope we
are both for an increase of the circulation
there. lie says that the national currency is
based upon bonds payable in gold; that it is
based on the faith of the Governmentto redeem
them indirectly. Now, sir, the greenbacks, as
I understand, are based upon the faith of the
Governmentto redeem thorn. And I want tho
geutlemnn to tell the House why the national
currency based upon bonds, which are based
upon the faith of the Government, is better
than greenbacks based themselves directly on
the faith of the Government; and this although
the greenback costs nothing for interest, while
tho national currency costs the interest paid
upon the bonds necessary to secure its redemp-
tion.
Mr. ASPER. I have shown, Mr. Speaker—
at least I have tried to show, and I believe I
have succeeded—that the irredeemable char-
acter of the Treasury notes was one reason why
there was so great a difference between gold
and the currency.
Mr. McNEELY. That is the difference be-
tween the gentleman and myself. I do not
know why he calls greenbacks irredeemable.
That is the term used in all our speeches, in ail
our papers, in all our politics, but it is one
which I have never yet understood.
Mr. ASPER. Theyare called irredeemable
because they are not redeemable in gold.
Mr. McNEELY. Why not?
Mr. ASPER. Merely because the Govern-
ment have made no provision for it.
Mr. McNEELY. Our pledge that they shall
be paid in gold is as binding as any other pledge
of this Government.
Mr. ASPER. That is the very point in issue.
The point is to secure the adoption of such
measures as will commence the redemption of
the greenback currency in gold. That is what
we are talking about, what we are trying to
drive at. JBut if the gentleman gets his circu-
lation in greenbacks—six or seven hundred
million dollars of paper currency in Treasury
notes, or greenbacks—I would like to know
where the Government is to get the gold to
redeem it; or when and under what circum-
stances and under what branch of the Govern-
ment will the Treasury organize its banking
system by which it will redeem these green-
backs ?
Mr. McNEELY. If the gentleman will allow
me to answer I will say that some time ago I
made a speech in which I proposed to take up
all the national bank currency with greenbacks,
and pay off the national bonds with greenbacks
where greenbacks were promised and with gold
where gold was promised ; and stated that with
that policy in a few years we would have in
this Government only about §900,000,000 of
indebtedness,-and that in the shape of green-
backs. And I said that when this had been
done, when the national debt had been extin-
guished and the interest upon it had ceased,
this would be the only indebtedness of this
Government, and we could then consider the
proposition of returning to specie payments.
Mr. ASPER. Well, Mr. Speaker, I hope
the gentleman will not make any more speeches
till I have concluded. I am perfectly well
aware that what has just been stated was the
position taken by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. McNeely] and by one of the great leaders
of his party in the country. But I am also well
aware of the fact that the country by a large
majority has put its seal of condemnation upon
that policy. And if this Government has got
to engage in banking I think we had better
have some reorganization of the system, and
have some bureau or other charged with the
banking interests of the nation.
I do not think this can be done; but by the
policy I have proposed we will extend banking
facilities all over the country. It will bring
banking facilities to the homes of all business
men in my own State and my own district; and
bj means of it they will get sufficient money
and a cheap currency. Why. sir, cannot these
banking associations loan their money, their
own hills, at a cheaper rate than they can lend
the bills which they get in the city of New
York? How does this policy operate? How
does it operate upon business there? Why. as
regards my own district and my own State, 1
read but the other day that one of the most
extensive packers of pork in the city of St.
Joseph was compelled to sell his stock of hogs
on foot, because he could realize more money
in that way than he could realize by packing
and selling the mess-pork they would make.
Why, sir, how was it last season? We had
very large crops at the West. Our farmers
realized a large return for their labor. They
had wheat and grain, they had pork, they had
beef, they had stock of all kinds ready for mar-
ket ; but it was given out from the city of New
York or from some other direction that the
Government was about suddenly to return to
specie payment, and what was the result? The
banking institutions had been extending facil-
ities to the private bankers of the West on call
loans at from four to six per cent., and you
see every day in the money articles in the city
newspapers " money easy at from four to six
per cent." What does it mean? Why, that
money was easy on call loans ; that is, when
you borrow money from a banker on the con-
