ism
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2863
with a resolution, asking that that committee
be discharged from the consideration of the
bill, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Commerce. The Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads were discharged from the
further consideration of the bill at that time,
and then the morning hour expired and the
remainder of the resolution proposing to refer
the bill to the Committee on Commerce was
laid over.
Mr. POMEROY. I ought to state that while
the bill was before the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, yet it was not considered with
a view to determining its merits. It was con-
sidered far enough to find out that it related
more to commerce than to postages, and there-
fore the committee thought it had better go to
the Committee on Commerce, simply because
there was little or no questiou of postage
abont it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The object of
my inquiry was to ascertain that fact. It seems
to me that if this bill has been considered by
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and if it has found that the subject-matter does
not belong to it bat does belong to another
standing committee of the body, that of itself
is a reason why the bill should go in this direc-
tion.
Then I wish to make another observation in
this connection, and that is that the general
subject of commerce and its condition at the
present time demands the special attention of
the various departments of the Government.
The attention of the country has been arrested
by the general condition of the commerce of
the nation. Now, as yoa have the judgment
of one of the standing committees of the Sen-
ate that this particular bill relates essentially
to a question of commerce, and involves that
question and relates to that particular interest,
I submit it is of the utmost importance that
this bill should go to that committee, and that
it should be considered in harmony and in
connection with the general interest now prev-
alent in the country, and which the executive
department has manifested in the communi-
cation of the President to Congress, and also
in connection with the recommendations of the
Treasury Department. I should hope, there-
fore, that the friends of this bill would find that
their trae interests lie in the direction of the
general subject and of the general interest which
is everywhere manifested in the country now to
do something for the languishing condition of
commerce. I am sure the friends of this bill, if
they desire only to promote what the standing
committee of the Senate has indicated, to pro-
raotean interestwhich lies in this direction, will
find more auxiliaries and more support if the
bill is allowed to take this direction than they
can find if it is made a specialty, in which they
undertake to make the simple question of post-
age the prominent question. I hope, therefore,
that the vote will not be reconsidered; that the
bill will go to the Committee on Commerce;
that that committee will be charged with its
consideration, and will consider it in connec-
tion with the general desire in the country to
promote this great interest.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, it is
proper that all of these bills should go to some
one committee. I have taken no part in the
debate thus far, because the Committee on Com-
merce of course is in the hands of this "body,
and it is its duty to investigate any subject that
the body sees fit to refer to it. But I will state
that there is a sub-committee of the two Com-
mittees on Commerce of the House and the
Senate, who are now holding two or three meet-
ings a week and endeavoring to make a very
thorough investigation into what the commer-
cial interests require at this day at our hands.
If th'e Senate should see fit to send all these
bills to the Committee on Commerce, that com-
mittee of course will accept the trust and to
the best of its ability perform the duty. Should
it see fit to send them to any other committee
it will perhaps be gratifying to the Committee
on Commerce, because it will relieve it from a
vast amount of labor. It is in the hands of
the Senate. Of course, I have no suggestion
to make.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I am afraid that
by the course pursued here the end will not be
reached that all of us so much desire. I think
there is great force in what the Senator from
Michigan suggests, that all these bills should
go to one committee and have one general
consideration, and some general conclusion be
arrived at. The fact is, however, that for the
last two or three years questions of a kindred
character have been reterred to and received
the attention of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads. They have teported upon
several bills, and the Senate have acted upon
those reports. I can see no impropriety in that
committee continuing its labors on this subject;
for my friend from Maino will see at once thai
there can be no great amount of commerce with
any country where there is not a great amount
of correspondence. The one follows the other
as naturally as can be. If you are going to
open commerce with a nation you must first
open correspondence with it, and through that
correspondence the commcrce is created and
brought into successful action. I therefore can
see no impropriety in the suggestion that the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, who
have acted on so many of these propositions,
should continue to act on them. Their reports,
I believe, have been quite satisfactory. Some
of those reports are pending now. • Some of
the bills are pending and on the Calendar that
the committee have reported. I do not see
why at this present moment the policy should
be changed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Nevada does not seem to understand that
the committee to whom this bill has been re-
ferred reports to the Senate that this is not a
postage bill, that it is a matter of commerce.
Now,why again send to that committee such a
bill? Why send to the Committee on Post
Offices and Po3t Roads a bill the character of
which is essentially commercial?
Mr. NYE. I do not understand 
Mr. COLE. As a member of that com-
mittee I must state that the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, as I understand
it, have not reported that this is not a postage
question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understood my
colleague to say so, and I so understood the
report from that committee. Certainly it was
stated that this bill was essentially commercial
in its character.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, and if my colleague
will allow me, the Senate Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads reported it back solely
on that ground, and no other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So I understood
that they had determined that question.
Mr. NYE. I do not know that that can be
regarded as anything more than the expression
of an opinion on the part of that committee,
and upon that opinion I desire to take issue
with them. I insist upon it that if the subject
is worthy of the consideration of the Commit-
tee on Commerce it is worthy of the consider-,
ation of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, from the fact that you can have
no commerce with any people unless ,a large
correspondence ensues; and therefore the con-
clusion to which the committee came, as sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Maine
on my left, [Mr. Hamlin,] I think is a conclu-
sion which can hardly be justified by the fact;
for, the one thing existing, the other follows of
course.
Now, sir, in regard to this proposed line, I
think the Post Office Committee, if they have
come to that conclusion, have come to an erro-
neous conclusion, from the fact that there is
no portion now of the commerce of the Pacific
that is more looked after and looked to than
postal and commercial relations with that fast-
growing colony of Australia. On our coast,
aud I believe all over the coantry, we are in
the habit of regarding that country not merely
as a colony now, but we look forward to a day
not far distant when it shall have a flourishing
independent government of its own. There-
fore I hope the importance of this subject will
not be lost sight ot, at least in the handing of
it from one committee to another. In either
aspect it is worthy of consideration, in view of
its importance; and I do not care much which
oommittee it goes to. I judge the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads have come to
the conclusion that it is some work to investi-
gate it, and they had better send it to my not
more but equally industrious friend from
Michigan, who is acquainted, as my friend
from Maine knows, with all manner of com-
merce, from that on the Detroit river, which
he once so graphically described, to ships that
carry the flag around the world.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will my hon-
orable friend allow me to ask him a question?
I understand the Senator has a preference for
the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads 
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator will
allow me to say, only from the fact of theic
having had kindred subjects under consider-
ation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, I ask my
honorable friend, when that committee report
to the Senate that this subject-matter does not
belong to the class of subjects falling under
their jurisdiction, whether that, in his judg-
ment, is not absolutely conclusive on this point;
and when that committee recommend it shall
go to the Committee on Commerce, and they
say this is a commercial question, whether
he does not think that of itself is sufficient to
send it to that committee ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I have
already said a great deal more on this sub-
ject than I purposed doing; but I desire the in-
dulgence ot the Senate again for a brief period,
I think the fact which my colleague states is,
or ought to be, conclusive in the action of the
Senate. He has stated that the general sub-
ject of commerce will necessarily come before
this body for its action, and nobody will say
that that is not a question which should appro-
priately and rightfully go to the Committee, on
Commerce. It will go there. Now, in the
examination which the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads made of this subject
the whole point submitted to them for their
consideration was in what way or manner will
the establishment of this line aid and revive
the commerce of the country? That was the
way in. which it was presented to us; that was
the way it was discussed, and facts were pre-
sented to the committee to support the bill
upon that hypothesis. Now, taking that state-
ment, which is a little elaboration of the one
made by my colleague, and taking then the
statement which the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce has made this morning, that
.they should all go to one committee, the Sen-
ator there certainly is right, and if this bill
goes to the Committee on Commerce it ia the
purpose of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads to let the other kindred bills go
there that are commercial; it seems to me, tak-
ing those two statements together, there can
be no doubt, or there ought to be no doubt,
where this bill should go. Let the Senate vote
upon it and do what they please with it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems to
me if the friends of this measure desire any
action upon it at all—and I can see that it is an
important measure—they should consent to let
it be referred to some committee, and not kill
it by debating it. If it is referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, by the
statement of the Senator from Maine it is
evidently to be based upon a mere fiction. If
it is referred to the Committee on Commerce
their report will be based upon some facts.
Now, the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads have manifested a disposition to be rid
