1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
975
I sincerely hope she may, in the midst of the
lights of universal progress blazing in her face,
she will throw open her prison doors and cease
this war of rigor and exaction so widely at
variance with the spirit of the age. The Pres-
ident of the United States, representing the
sentiment of the whole American people, in
any effort he may make toward a general
amnesty, will win for himself the applause of
every lover of republican government and free
institutions by using all the moral influence
which his high and commanding position may
enable him to exert.
Mr. Speaker, the day for human degrada-
tion has gone by. The light of a new era is
dawning upon the world; and insult and
injury and tyranny and oppression, in what-
ever form and to whatever people, whether
weak or powerful, will be visited by swift retri-
bution.
The American people will ere long cover
this whole continent. In the providence of
God they will hold it. In the interest of human
freedom they will stretch forth their arms to
the remotest confines of civilization, offering
encouragement and fellowship to the suffering
of every land. Ireland will be free and the
whole world will be free. But in entering
upon this great march of civilization and
Christian charity toward all mankind let us
proclaim in the "foreground, let us write it in
letters which may not be mistaken as the car-
dinal principle of our political faith and our
settled rule of action, that an American citi-
zen, whether native born or adopted, in what-
everquarter he may be thrown, whether among
Christians or infidels, whether in free lands or
lands dedicated to human bondage and oppres-
sion, shall stand forth with the official assur-
ance of this Government of immunity and
protection under that noble passport which
the world will be made to respect, " I am an
American citizen."
Non-intervention in the affairs of other na-
tions has always been a ruling principle in the
past administration of this Government; nor
is it my purpose at this time to recommend
any departure from this rule in the case sub-
mitted for the action of the committee in the
sense iu which it has been understood. While
insisting upon justice to our citizens without
compromise or abatement, we infringe no duty
or obligation enjoined upon us by our relations
with a friendly Power or the duties of recip-
rocal courtesy and good understanding as
between friendly nations. But it is no part of
that policy that we should submit to insult in
the persons of any of our citizens, nor was it
intended to stay the voice of outspoken sym-
pathy or earnest remonstrance. Great Britain
interfered more than once in the civil war
which distracted our people and deluged this
land in blood. She will not lose sight of the
fact that we are again united under a common
flag, and that while we shall continue to do
justice and even to forbear in the interest of
peace there is a point beyond which it may not
be prudent to excite the sensibilities of the
American people.
Looking to the great future we know our
destiny. That chapter is already written. The
American people need not be told in what rela-
tion they stand to the civilized world to-day.
Unfurling the banner of freedom in the dark
days of the Revolution they have fought the
battles of liberty upon a thousand fields. The
struggling masses of the Old W orld have caught
the inspiration of their success and are fast
opening their eyes to a brighter and more auspi-
cious future. Their example is abroad upon
the earth with its lessons of wisdom and tri-
umph. France has felt it; and the world has
reached the turning-point of the coming con-
version. The rights of man will triumph over
tyranny and wrong. England may talk of her
political offenses " and manacle still more
securely the hands of our helpless brethren to
stay the torrent which she is hopelessly striv-
ing to avert; but the time will come—nay.
Mr. Speaker, is not far distant—when these
obnoxious "political offenses" will be the
groundwork of her regeneration and the pride
and glory of those who will control her destiny.
Mr. Speaker, let me indulge the hope that
the sympathy of this House in the call which
we propose to make upon the President will
reach the prisons of our Irish brethren and
impart at least one ray of sunshine amid the
darkness which has so long hovered over them.
And let me hope still further that England,
warned by events which have so recently trans-
pired upon her own borders and at her own
door, and before it is too late, may see the
wisdom of breaking asunder the bolts of her
dungeons and at once striking the shackles
from the hands of these suffering people. It
is what we have a right to expect from a great
and generous nation.
I ask, Mr. Speaker, that the resolution sub-
mitted by the committee may be put upon its
passage.
I yield for fifteen minutes to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, when I offered the
resolution asking for information on this sub-
ject from the President of the United States,
I did so because I had been assured that the
President had in his possession information
with respect to these English prisons and Irish
prisoners which should be known as well by
Congress and the people as by the civilized
world. I am thankful, not on my own account,
but for the sake of many friends who have been
aud who are now in these English prisons, that
the committee has seen proper to report back
this resolution, even though they have changed
its form aud substance. I am sorry it was not
reported as I wrote it. It was written for our
active intervention as to the prompt ameliora-
tion of the condition and the release of the Irish
political prisoners. But I will not challenge
a report couched in language so gentle with
humanity and inspired with sentiments so just
to so many of my constituents and their friends.
Believe me, Mr. Speaker, I have no inten-
tion and certainly no necessity of catching the
aura popular is, even when it blows from Ire-
land. 1 never knew an Irishman who was not i
my friend. I am not insensible to their long !
devotion to my humble political fortune, and
they will understand that I seek no aid or praise
from them by my sympathy for their friends
and compatriots.
Nor did I offer my resolution in any unjust
spirit of reproach upon the English Govern-
ment. As at present administered that Gov-
ernment is not so inimical to Ireland as its
predecessors. What reproaches may come
upon that Government hereafter by the devel-
opment of facts for which this resolution calls,
I know not. But the resolution as reported,
calling for information upon this subject, is
eminently proper.
Mr. Speaker, we are not without precedent
for such action as is involved in this resolution,
or even for the resolution which I originally
offered. I know that at the first blush mem-
bers will say, "What business have "we to
intermix in the internal affairs of Great Brit-
ain ?" But, sir, we have an example. It is
upon this very subject of prisoners. It is set
by the English Parliament. It is inspired by
Mr. Gladstone and defended by Lord Palmer-
ston. The former had issued a brochure in 1851
as to the condition of the prisons and prisoners
of Naples during the reign of king "Bomba."
Before referring to certain evidence which I
had in my possession when I introduced this
resolution, 1 ask the attention of the House to
an extract from the Life of Mr. Gladstone, re-
ferring to these Neapolitan prisons. In this
extract will appear the action of Parliament
with reference to that pamphlet. It will show
that we have in this instance a conspicuous pre-
cedent, which is honorable to English human-
ity, and which we cannot ignore. It is strictly
pertinent, and particularly prominent as a pre-
cedent. It touches the international question.
It touches our intercourse with respect to mat-
ters of humanity. I send the volume to the
desk^and ask the Clerk to read from pages 69
aud 70, the extract I have marked, as showing
that the English Parliament took notice of a
similar case hardly more aggravated than the
condition of the Irish-American prisoners now
held in confinement under British authority.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Late in the session of 1851, Sir De Lacy Evans in
his place in Parliament, staked of Lord Palmerston
a question, the cist of which was tin inquiry into
the accuracy of Mr. Gladstone's statements: whether
the victims 'are suffering refinements of barbarity
and cruelty unknown in any other civilized coun-
try?' In his reply, Lord Palmerston used these
words: 'It has not been deemed a part of the duty
of the British Government to make any formal rep-
resentation to the Governmcntof Naples in a matter
that relates entirely to the internal affairs of that
country. At the same time I thought it right, see-
ing that Mr. Gladstone, whom I may freely name,
though not in his capacity of a member of Parlia-
ment, has done himself, as I think, very great honor
by the course he pursued at Naples, and by the
course he has followed since; for I think, when you
see an English gentleman who goes to pass a winter
at Naples, instead of confining himself to those
amusements that abound in that city; instead of
diving into volcanoes and exploring excavated
cities ; when we see him going into courts of justice,
visiting prisons, descending into dungeons, and ex-
amining great numbers of the cases of unfortunato
victims of illegality and injustice, with a view after-
ward to enlist public opinion in the endeavor to
remedy these abuses, I think that is a course that
does honor to the person who pursues it.'
" Lord Palmerston went on to say that he had sent
copies of Mr. Gladstone's pamphlet to every English
embassador, with an injunction that in the interests
of humanity they should bring them under the notice
of the courts to which they were severally accredited.
This statement was most enthusiastically cheered.
The importance of these productions of Mr. Glad-
stone's heart and pen can hardly be exaggerated.
They did very much to arouse and intensify the sym-
pathy of all classes of English socioty for long-suffer-
ing Italy."
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I think the Ameri-
can Congress can well afford to do what the
English Parliament did under Lord Palmer-
ston's championship. I happened, if I may be
allowed to refer to the fact, to be in Naples in
1851, and visited these very courts and these
very prisons. In an humble way I contributed
to the public and international sense of justice
by some descriptions of these horrors. But I
well remember that the pamphlet of Mr. Glad-
stone as to the atrocities of the Neapolitan
Government in its treatment of prisoners
startled the world and commanded reform. It
was a pertinent subject to be brought before all
civilized nations. The same may be said of
the Irish American prisoners. Humanity, the
general sense, the best moral sentiment among
civilized nations, is a part of the definition of
the law of nations. It is in harmony with this
law that we should ask, diplomatically or other-
wise, the mitigation of wrong and outrage
wherever they exist. It was not so much my
intention in introducing the original resolu-
tion to reproach the English Government as to
call the attention of Congress and the country
to the allegations. I believe if the honored
English premier felt that public opinion in
either hemisphere was outraged by the treat-
ment of English political prisoners he would
reform the abuses. The liberality of his char-
acter and his noble pamphlet to which I have
referred are evidence that he is not likely to be
indifferent. If I were a member of the English
Parliament I would be still more outspoken in
demanding inquiry; for there the inquiry would
be more pertinent, as the relief is there to be
found.
But inasmuch as these prisoners are asso-
ciated so intimately with our own citizens, and
as some of them actually our citizens, their
treatment appeals with great emphasis to our
people and Government; it appeals as well to
the humanity and progress of the century.
I refer the House to facts which are alleged
as to the food, clothing, diseases, &c. It must
be borne in mind that these prisoners are men
of refinement and education. They are not
felons, sir. But they are regarded by most of
their countrymen as patriots. These facts are
collated to my hand by a skillful pen. I rehearse
