876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 2,
them for the attention and sympathy of the
House. These allegations are:
1. That political prisoners in England suffer
from inadequate clothing, starvation, and
inattention of doctors.
2. That political prisoners are chained to
hideous criminals, foul and idiotic from besti-
ality, and forced to bathe with and wear the
under-clothing of criminals suffering from the
most loathsome and infectious diseases.
3. That political prisoners are not only com-
pelled to herd with wretches convicted of the
foulest crimes against God, man, and nature,
but they are selected for severities of treat-
ment and rigors of discipline from which all
other prisoners are exempted.
4. That political prisoners are wantonly
goaded by governors, jailers, and prison offi-
cials generally, by all possible resources of
perverse ingenuity—evincing a common under-
standing on the subject—into infringements
of rules and regulations speoially made for them,
bo that technical excuses may be found for the
infliction of extra and rigorous punishment.
5. That political prisoners, men of delicate
physique, are given tasks which they cannot
perform, however sedulous their labor and \
attention, and are punished by certain depriva-
tions of food for natural incapacity to achieve
as much work as burglars and common con-
victs whose lives have been devoted to rough
and muscular occupation. !
6. That the food supplied to political pris- j
oners is abominable in the extreme, ana in-
sufficient even if nourishing. It is composed
of the refuse of animal and vegetable matter,
decayed meat, entrails, shamble offal, and
other nauseating ingredients, and all forming
a mass so loathsome to the taste and offensive
to the smell that few stomachs can retain it.
This substance is given to political prisoners
who are detailed for the hard labor of the
quarries. By the evidence it will be seen that
the food served to the political prisoners is
either strong, rancid, ana indigestible, or de-
cayed, nauseous, and sickening; so that by a
fiendish perfection in the successful study of
the subject—the primal object of the prison
authorities—the destruction of the prisoner's
health is attained by the use of either. The
political prisoner is exhausted and broken
down by want of sleep if he use the One, and
equally weakened ana reduced if he accepts
but cannot retain the other. It will be also
seen that the food of invalids is of even worse
quality than that of "able-bodied" convicts.
7. That when there is a broiling sun the
political prisoners are exposed to it. That
when there is a drenching rain the political
prisoners are kept needlessly under it, although
a shed for refuge is close at hand. That when
the inclemency of winter, as that of 1866-67,
was so great that it was deemed not proper to
expose sturdy British burglars and ruffians to its
severity, the political prisoners were driven
out to work in the snow and ice-covered quar-
ries, to root up stones with their bruised and
bleeding hands.
8. Thatthistreatment is pursued for no other
apparent reason than that the chief political
prisoners being men of education, having ex-
alted ideas of right, and possessing the usual
sensitiveness of the literary character may be
more violently humiliated in mind and body,
or driven into the outer realms of imbecility
and insanity; a design which has also suc-
ceeded iri several cases.
Finally, thatwhatbetweenbeing at the mercy
of drutaken directors, slave-drinking governors,
insolent jailers, brutal doctors, with wet cells,
nauseous food, insufficient clothing, overpow-
ering labor in the quarries, degrading services
in the prisons, indecent exposure in the name
of discipline, petty persecution on account of
country and religion, the debasement of being
chained to bestial criminals, the whole course
of "discipline" personal toward the political
prisoners in England is obscene, exasperating,
revolting; unnecessarily filthy, but necessarily
calculated and intended to cause disease, debil-
ity, insanity, and death.
It will not do to ignore these facts. They
are not connected with Fenianism. No active
Fenian movement is now going on that I am
aware of. They appeal to other sentiments.
They are not even offered here in the way of
asking amnesty, though millions in Great Brit-
ain have asked for it. They are, for the present,
only recited to induce public opinion to exer-
cise its authority as a censor morum, between
civilized nations.
In an extract, which I append as a comment-
ary to these facts, I appropriate this eloquent
passage; I only wish it were ascertained to be
apochryphal:
" The-case of the political prisoners should appeal j
to the civilized world. Their sufferings cannot bo i
described. The debates in the English Parliament j
have brought to light a system of treatment which
the romancist of the horrible, in his direst necessity,
would scarcely ascribe to the most barbarous age or
country in history. There is, indeed, a fear of cre-
ating doubt as to the reality of horrors surrounding
the political prisoners, the plain truth so shocks and
assaults ourfacultiesofbelief; but undeniable simple
facts on the record show that thetreatmentof polit-
ical prisoners in England has resulted in death, in
raving insanity, and that of those whose sufferings 1
havebeen prolonged to the present several are re- ,,
duced to the lowest state in which life can be bus- ';
tained, and others have been brutalized into imbe- ,
cility. This class embraces several American citizens i!
by birth and adoption. On no subject in these days
have the people of Ireland been so unanimous as on
a general amnesty for the prisoners."
I confined the original resolution which I in- ;
troduced, from motives of prudence, to one ob- j
ject. That object was to create public opinion.
If we cannot reach the throne of Great Britain
itself we may at least reach the premier's
bench. I believe Mr. Gladstone to be a man j
of such enlarged sentiments that he will not j
take a step backward or divergent from the !
direction which he took in 1851 in regard to i
the Neapolitan prisoners. !
But, Mr. Speaker, the House would naturally
ask, are not these stories and statements about
the bad treatment of prisoners mere fictions
born of the fervid Celtic imagination? I have
conversed with some of these prisoners, and I
know of what I speak iri regard to some of
them. As to others the testimony is already
upon the files of this House. Especially in
reference to the treatment of Father McMahon,
of Indiana. His case was reported by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth] at the last
Congress, to which I call the attention of the
House. With that case he is more familiar; I
leave it to his statement. Then, too, there is
the case of Lynch, of Milwaukee, and other
cases which have been already discussed here.
I might refer here also to the letter before
me of Captain 0' Connor. He was a soldier of
our Army. For five years he has been a victim
in Chatham prison. He is unable to hear from
his friends in this country. All communica-
tions are stopped by his jailors; his letters
suppressed, his heart oppressed, his health
broken, his mental tortures intolerable. All
that transpires from his prison, by a chance
letter, js his simple, touching request, in case
of death, to be borne home—home, here to
America, to be laid beside his mother in her
grave 1
The whole matter is summed up when I say
that I believe the proof will demonstrate that
a more barbarous prison system for political
prisoners never came from brutal jailors or an
indifferent Government. Why, sir, the inform-
ation which I have referred to is that these
prisoners are chained two and two; chained
with felons of the worst dye; chained with
burglars and murderers ; subjected at times to
the broiling sun, and at times to drenching
rain—treatment to which burglars and ruffians
are not subjected. They are compelled to wear
infected clothing; to take loathsome and poison-
ous food. They are goaded by cruel keepers to
breaches of discipline for which they are atro-
ciously punished. They are men of the most
delicate constitutions and refined susceptibil-
ities. Among them are editors, poets, and
orators. It is a part of their torture that their
spirit is fretted and their bodies wearied and
worried by coarse and brutal men, who have
as little sympathy with these Irish gentlemen in
their political aspirations as with the elegancies
of their poetry, the ardor of their eloquence,
or their culture of literature. These prisoners
are far above their jailors by habit, education,
and character. This adds double torture to
their confinement and abuse.
Some of these persons have been driven by
harsh treatment to imbecility,insanity,or death.
Such treatment calls for some remonstrance;
such treatment calls for more ; it calls for
effort on our part, if not in the interest of inter-
national comity, at least in the interest of
humanity, decency, and civilization, for their
release and restoration to their friends. I
would not and do not argue the Fenian ques-
tion or any other connected with Ireland
and her wrongs. She has for that, eloquent
speakers of her own eloquent race. I would
not jeopard my resolution by such irrele
vant discussion. I only ask that the Ameri-
can Government, which, through its Federal
officers here, has been so lately bowing before
one of the princes of the British empire in so
extraordinary a manner, will_ in some way, if
not by its Executive then by its Congress, ex-
hibit its sympathy and regard for that generous
Irish people which has done so much of the
hard labor of this country ; which by its bone
and sinew has made so many of our enterprises
successful, and which is in many ways a great
part of the life, energy, wit, genius, wealth,
and soul of our nationality and country. I ask
for them some consideration,_ and for their
friends in prison some commiseration. We
will thus teach and reach the rulers of the Eng-
lish realm.
In conclusion, I have never seen, Mr.
Speaker, an account of these honors given to
the gentle young prince of England that I have
not felt that there was a skeleton at the feast!
Ireland is that skeleton 1 Let us do our duty
here in forming public opinion, whoever may
dance attendance upon the scion of royalty.
We have the right to do this by our relations
with the Irish people and the English language.
We should do it, because especially of our old,
near, and dear relations to Ireland. We should
do it because of the sympathy she gave us in
our struggles, as well as the power she gave
to our arms when we were divided and threat-
ened with permanent disunion.
These and every other consideration in the
interest of humanity and civilization demand
the passage of this resolution. I hope the
inquiry it contemplates will be pressed, and
that on the answer of the President, we will
have further and more emphatic action.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker,
I most heartily concur in the spirit of this reso-
lution and regret that from lack of information
the committee have been unable to report one
stronger in words and more pointed in purpose.
No nation can be truly great that does not
Erotect its citizens upon foreign soil. Nothing
as so established the fame of the nation against
whom this inquiry is directed as the prompt,
determined, and effective manner in which she
ever compels a respect to her citizens wherever
they may wander. Cost is not counted against
national honor, and an insult to her citizens is
an insult to the nation at large. Ah English-
man walks boldly in every clime with the proud
consciousness that he has an army at his b3ck;
that no dungeon so deep, no sea so far that the
arm of his country will not reach to avenge his
ill treatment; that whether amid the crowded
millions of China or the recesses of savage
Africa, she will alike protect and make the
name of Englishman a shield of safety. There
is no finer incident in English history than her
sending an army that long, weary,
sickly journey to Abyssinia to rescue a handful
of adventurers that claimed the British Isles
as a birthplace. , ,
Our own glorious nation mast establish sucn
