4752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
shall, by ordering anew election down.in
Georgia, open the whole question of the recon-
struction acts. That is the great question to
be determined by this House, I for one de-
sire, before wo leave this city, to close up fully
and completely the reconstruction of the lately
rebellious States, so that we can go home to
our constituents and say that we have closed
up reconstruction, never to be reopened again
unless new acts of outrage and of wrong shall
require us to reopen it.
And as a part of the closing up of the recon-
struction of the rebellious States, I reported to
this House the other day, from the Committee
on Reconstruction, and by direction of that
committee, a general act of amnesty. And
when it shall appear that reconstruction is fin-
ished, when it shall appear that fair, open, and
just elections, where every man may vote
according to his conscience, without fear, favor,
or intimidation, can take place in the South,
then I propose to vote for and to urge with all
the power I can a general amnesty for all acts
and doings during the rebellion, with certain
excepted classes. And I have put those ex-
cepted classes in separate and distinct para-
graphs, so that the House may have an oppor-
tunity to amend the general amnesty bill, and
allow as many, or so many only, of the excepted
classes to remain as they may see fit, in order
that we may have a full and free expression of
the opinion of the House.
That being so, I propose before I sit down,
in obedience to the instruction of the commit-
tee, to ask for an evening session to-day for
discussion of this bill, in addition to the dis-
cussion which may be had this afternoon. I
hope there may be unanimous consent given
for that, as I understand there are several
gentlemen on the other side who desire 'to
debate it, and then the vote can be taken after
the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 hope there will be no
agreement of that sort made until we can have
an opportunity to vote upon and dispose of
some of these amendments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I propose
to allow all amendments to be ottered and voted
upon.
Mr. BINGHAM. The single objection of
any member on this floor will prevent any other
amendment being offered until one of the pend-
ing amendments has been disposed of. And
I propose by the help of this House to see
whether wo can have a vote upon any amend-
ment which has been agreed to by a majority
of the Committee on Reconstruction, and that,
too, one which has heretofore been agreed to
by a majority of this House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
need not be any heat upon this subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. There will not bo.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Letevery-
body keep cool. 1 will myself ask that every
amendment which members desire to offer may
be received and considered as pending. I ask
unanimous consent that that arrangement bo
made.
Mr. MORGAN. That will be entirely satis-
factory.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
arrangement proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] to receivc all
amendments which members now desire to offer
and have them considered as pending to the
bill?
No objection was made.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask now
Hint there be a session to-night for debate on
this bill.
Mr. "SARGENT. When is it proposed to
have the vote taken ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To-mor-
row.
Mr. WO01) WARD. This evening has been
designated for a caucus ot' the Democratic
members of this House. _
Mr. CESSNA. Pat it offtill to-morrow nighl.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
will make this suggestion: that the vote be
taken to-morrow at four o'clock.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me the
vote might be taken earlier than that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
will say three o'clock or two o'clock.
Mr. BECK. Four o'clock will be about the
right time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
will give notice that at two o'clock to-morrow
I will call the previous question.
Mr. BE AM AN. Say one o'clock.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well;
one o'clock.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts propose that this matter shall
go over as unfinished business, and come up
to-morrow after the reading of the Journal?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. And that the final vote
bo taken at one o'clock?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I propose
to call the pievious question at one o'clock to-
morrow; and in the mean time I desire that the
bill and all the amendments may be printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] gives notice that to-
morrow at one o'clock he will demand the
previous question on the bill and amendments.
He moves that they be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTn. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] by adding to the first
section of that proposition the following:
But nothing in this act contained shrill bcconstrucd
to deprive tho people of Georgia of tho right to fin
election for members of the General Assembly of said
State in tlio year i:;7'0. as providod for in tho consti-
tution of said State.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot accept that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not ask tho
gentleman to accept it. I offer it.
The SPEAKER. General consent has been
given that any member may offer amendments,
which shall be considered as pending.
Mr. BECK. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] not to call
the previous question before three o'clock
to-morrow, as he originally proposed.
A Member. That matter has been fixed.
The SPEAKER. It has not been fixed by
tho House. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts gave notice that he would call tiie pre-
vious question at one o'clock to-morrow. The
Chairdid not submitthe question to the House.
Air. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will do
just what the House desires.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to ask whether the
unanimous consent that all amendments which
may be offered shall be considered as pending
applied to amendments to the report of the
committee or to amendments to tho amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes?I
The SPEAKER. Either, as tho Chair under-
stood. The gentleman from Massachusetts has
given notice that to-morrow at one o'clock he
will call tho previous question on the bill and
amendments. In the mean time they will bo
printed. The Chair presumes that the gentle-
man limits tho light to offer amendments to
this day's session.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to amend by
adding the following to the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes:]
Provided, That the SLateof Georgia is admitted to
representation in Congress as one of tho States of
the Union upon the following iundamental condi-
tions: First, that it shall never be lawful {or the said
State to deprive any citizen of tho United States, on
account of his race, color, or previous condition of
servitude, of the right to hold office under the con-
stitution and laws of said Stale, or upon any such
ground to require of him any ofher qualifications for
oluce than such as ure required of all other citizens.
Second, that tho constitution of Georgia, shall never
be so amended or changed as to deprive any citizen
or class of citizens of tha United States of the school
rights and privileges secured by the constitution of
said Stato.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
FARNSWORTn,] by striking out the words " in
the year 1870so that the clause will read:
But nothing in this act contained shall bo con-
strued to deprive the people of Georgia of the right
to an election for members of the General Asssembly
of said State, as provided for in the constitution ot
said State.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
desire the House to settle whether the vote
shall be taken on this question at one o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. BECK. If tho gentleman will say two
o'clock, we will all consent.
Mr. BINGHAM. Say two o'eloek.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
understand that two o'clock will be agreed to
all around.
Several Members. It will.
The SPEAKER. Is there unanimous con-
sent that at two o'clock to-morrow the pre-
vious question shall be considered as ordered?
There was no objection.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] yield to the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Allisox] for that
motion?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do.
Mr. DAWES. If the House will stay in
session about an hour longer to consider the
miscellaneous appropriation bill it will expe-
dite business very much.
Several Members. Oh, no; let us adjourn.
On the motion to adjourn there were—ayes
73, noes 45.
So the motion was agreed to; and tho
House (at four o'clock and ten minutes p.
ill.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. DEGENER: Two petitions of cit-
izens of Medina county, Texas, for protection
against Indians.
By Mr. MAYNAIiD: A memorial of 170
persons, citizens of Tennessee, in behalf of
tho Tennessee Manual Labor School at Eben-
ezer, near Murfreesborough, Tennessee.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A memorial asking for
an American register for the bark Busy.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 23, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
mas, 1). D.
On motion of Sir. MORTON, and by unan-
imous consent, tho reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MKJIORIALS.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of James
King, jr., of Tennessee, and of Thomas A.
Wood, of Kentucky, praying the removal of
their political disabilities; which were referred
t o Use select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. CONKLING. Ipresenttwo memorials,
numerously signed by citizens of the State of
New York, setting forth that an opportunity
exists and the duty rests upon Congress to
reduce taxation, and in that view especially
protesting against the organization of a tax
which no longer exists by law, referring to tho
income tax. I move that these memorials lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of H.
W. Reade, praying compensation for superin-
tending the transportation of money belonging
