1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2865
appeal with the Senator from Nevada. Why
should we not all have our lot under the new
rule of the Senate ?
Mr. STEWART. Because this is a special
case.
Mr. SUMNER. There are other special
cases.
Mr. STEWART. This is a special case. I
appeal to the Senator from Massachusetts to
let us save three or four or five hundred thou-
sand dollars for the Post Office Department.
Mr. SUMNER. Shall we not save it by
taking up the measure in its order?
Mr. STEWART. It cannot be saved unless
we pass the joint resolution immediately. I
do not know but that the money will be lost
now. The time is passing away.
Mr. FERRY. We can get at the joint reso-
lution in ten minutes if we go on in regular
order.
Mr. STEWART. No; if it goes by now it
will be three or four days before it can be
reached. Let me explain what it is, and then
L shall relieve myself of all responsibility in
the matter. By the advertisement for contracts
with the Post Office Department the time when
bids were to be opened and declared was about
the 1st of March. The time for entering into
the contracts was fixed at the 1st of July.
In the long, expensive routes west of the
Rocky mountains, which are a great drain on
the revenues of the Post Office Department,
it is necessary to stock the route early in the
season or it is impossible to do it at all. Hay
is to be cut, barley is to be hauled, and other
provisions made to get ready to execute the
contract, and there must be a whole season in
which to do it. This circumstance has been
taken advantage of during two or three admin-
istrations in this way: the party having the
route stocked and having the existing contract
puts in one high bid, higher than anybody else,
up to the existing contract price, and then
about half way between him aud the bottom
of the list there will be a batch of honest bid-
ders, half a dozen or a dozen or fifteen or
twenty, all ranging within a few thousand dol-
lars of each other. And below all of them
there is generally put in a bid which is so low
that the mail cannot be carried for the price;
it is a sham bid. Of course the contract is
awarded to the lowest bidder; but time passes
on and the 1st of July comes, at which period
the contracts are to be entered into. Up to
that time the sham bidder does nothing, and,
of course, he is not ready to enter into a con-
tract, with sureties, and the Post Office Depart-
ment must make another arrangement. The '
arrangement must be made at once. Then, j
of course, the other bidders who are between ;
the Bham bidder and the existing contractors
have no time to stock, the route, and conse- j
quently are unable to perform the service, and j
the result is that the Postmaster General is
forced to make a contract with the existing j
contractors at their high bid.
There was the case of Wells, Fargo & Co.
a few years ago. A man named Spades put [
in a bid far below what the service could be !
done for. It was a sham bid. Still it had all j
the formalities of a bid, and the Postmaster
General regarded himself as bound to wait until j
the time arrived; he could do nothing. In !
that case the time arrived on the 1st of Sep- '
tember or October. Nobody else could put in j
a bid. The Postmaster General went over to ;
New York and consulted Horace Greeley and
several others in order to divide the responsi-
bility. Then a contract was entered into with
Wells Fargo, & Co., whereby a very large
amount of money was expended in pretend-
ing lo perform service.
I do not want to see the Postmaster General
placed in that situation at this letting. I wish
the attention of the Senate called to this mat-
ter because it is more serious than the frank-
ing privilege. The complaint is that in the
western country we are absorbing all the funds
of the Post Office Department, and when we
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 180.
go there and ask for mail service to accom-
modate the people in localities where there are
new communities growing up we are met with
the statement, "Your section is absorbing all
the public money." That is the complaint.
I want to avoid that. The Postmaster Gen-
eral tells me that in one case now there is a
possibility of saving $100,000, and there are
several others where various amounts can be
saved, if he is allowed to summon up the sham
bidders and require them to enter into their
contracts at once.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit that the merits
of the question should not be discussed on the
motion to take up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas raises a question of order, which
is that the pending proposition to place this
joint resolution on the Calendar of special
orders is governed by the rule which applies
to a motion to proceed to the consideration of
certain business, and therefore discussion on
the merits of the bill is not in order. The
Senator from Kansas is right. The Senator
from Nevada, however, asked unanimous con-
sent, as the resolution to make this joint reso-
lution a special order had been reached, that
the Senate, instead of adopting that, would pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion. Now the Senator from Kansas objects 
Mr. POMEROY. No; I prefer that it should
be considered now.
Mr. SUMNER. I will not object to its con-
sideration to-day.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that the
Senator from Nevada proposes to make some
amendments to this joint resolution, in accord-
ance with suggestions of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Edmuxds.] If such amendments
are made I should like to see what they are.
I want to consider them. This matter interests
my constituents, those people who have made
bids 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Oregon that, under
the point of order made by the Senator from
Kansas, debate is not in order on the merits of
the joint resolution. The Chair so ruled on the
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator from Nevada
made some remarks, and I wish simply to say
that these people cannot be summoned here
by the 1st of May. I should like to know what
the amendments are.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, on
the point of order made by the Senator from
Kansas, must arrest debate and bring the Sen-
ate to the consideration of the resolution of the
Senator from Nevada that this joint resolution
be made a special order, which requires "a two-
thirds vote.
Mr. FERRY. I object to its being made a
special order. I understood that the Senator
from Nevada asked unanimous consent to pro-
ceed now to the consideration of the joint res-
olution itself.
Mr. STEWART. I made that request.
Mr. FERRY. That not being granted, the
question arises upon the resolution to make
the joint resolution a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. FERRY. That is the question, I under-
stand, now before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion before the Senate.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, the first gen-
eral order is one regarding which I have pre-
viously given notice that I should object to any-
thing taking precedence of that by way pf
unanimous consent, and should endeavor to
prevent any such precedence being acquired.
The first general order is the veto message of
the President of the United States on the bill
for the relief of Rollin White. I do not wish
this bill or any other bill to be made a special
erder so as to get precedence of the first gen-
oral order.
Mr. STEWART. Will you not give me
unanimous consent to dispose of it ?
Mr. PERRY. I have no objection to con-
sidering it now..
Mr. STEWART. Who will object?
Mr. KELLOGG. No one will object if the
Senator from Nevada will allow the question
to be put and not make a speech.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the question to the Senate. Is there
objection to the joint resolution named by the
Senator from Nevada being read by the Secre-
tary, subject to objection and subject to demand
for the regular order?
Mr. CORBETT. I object until the amend-
ments are printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on the resolution of the Senator from
Nevada that this joint resolution be made a
special order.
Mr. FERRY. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
ten Senators rising to second the call, not one
fifth of those present.
Mr. FERRY. Then I have some remarks to
make on the propriety of making this bill a
special order. I object to these special orders
except upon business of an extraordinarily
important character 
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow me
to make another motion? I move to postpone
all prior orders, and proceed to the consider-
ation of the joint resolution.
Mr. FERRY. That I have no objection to.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator.from Nevada being before the
Senate, he moves to postpone the present and
all prior orders for the purpose of considering
this joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
the consideration of the joint resolution (S. 11.
No. 159) authorizing the Postmaster General
to prescribe an earlier time for the execution
of contracts by accepted bidders, and for other
purposes.
The preamble recites that in the instructions
appended to an advertisement issued by the
Postmaster General on the 30th day of Sep-
tember, 18C9, inviting proposals for carrying
the mails of the United States for four years,
from the 1st July, 1870, in the States of Cali-
fornia, Oregon, and Nevada, and in the Terri-
tories of Washington, Idaho, Montana, Wyo-
ming, Colorado, Utah, Arizona, and New
Mexico, it is stipulated that the contracts are
to be executed by or before the 1st day of July,
1870; and that in view of the importance of
the service to be performed and the damage to
the public interests which would result from
failure to put it in operation at the proper time,
it is desirable to fix an earlier period than the
1st of July for the execution of the contracts,
and to adopt such other precautions as may
seem necessary to guard against the failure of
bidders or contractors to fulfill their obliga-
tions.
It is therefore provided in the first section of
the joint resolution that the Postmaster Gen-
eral may, in any case in which ho may deem
it necessary, require accepted bidders under
the advertisement of September 30, 18G9, in
viting proposals for carrying the mails of the
United States in the States and Territories
mentioned, to execute contracts and return
them to the Department at an earlier period
than the 1st day of July, and, at the discretion
of the Postmaster General, as early as the 1st
day of May, 1870.
'The second section provides that in any case
arising under the advertisement mentioned, or
which may arise at any. time hereafter, in which
the Postmaster General shall have good reason
to believe that any bid for carrying the mail on
any route has not been made in good faith, he
shall be authorized to summon the bidder or
bidders to appear before him and_ show cause
why such bid should not be set aside; and the
