3810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
tion, and proceeds of the sale thereof. And any person
claiming to have been the owner of any such aban-
doned or captured property may, at any time within
two years after the suppression of the rebellion, pre-
fer his claim to the proceeds thereof in the Court of
Claims; and on proof to the satisfaction of said court
of his ownership of said property, of his right to the
proceeds thereof, and that he has never given any aid
or comfort to the present rebellion, to receive the
residue of such proceeds, after the deduction of any
purchase-money which may have been paid, to-
gether with the expense of transportation and sale
of said property, and any other lawful expenses
attending the disposition thereof."
The act of June 25, 1868, referred to in the
amendment, provides:
"That whenever it shall be material in any suit or
claim before any court to ascertain whether any per-
son did or did not give any aid orcomfort to the late
rebellion, the claimant or party averting the loyalty
of any such person to the United States during such
rebellion shall be required to prove affirmatively
that such person did. during said rebellion, consist-
ently adhere to the United States, and did give no
aid orcomfort to persons engaged in said rebellion;
and the voluntary residence of any such person in
any place where, at anytime during such residence,
the rebel force or organization held sway, shall be
prima facie evidence that such person did give aid
and comfort to said rebellion and to the persons
engaged therein."
Mr. DRAKE. Senators who listened to the
reading of those three sections of existing
laws will have noticed how full, complete, and
explicit the provisions of them are. One would
suppose it impossible that any court in this
country could be found to disregard and set
aside the provisions of those laws, and make
that disregard of those provisions the basis for
taking money out of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States. But, sir, it seems that any calcu-
lation of that kind would be found to be a great
mistake.
I hold in my hand a copy of a decision given
by the Supreme Court of the United States in
a case that went up on appeal from the Court
of Claims, in which the Supreme Court did
entirely set aside those provisions of law which
have been read to the Senate, and did give a
judgment against the United States in favor
of a man who was identified with and gave
aid and comfort to the rebellion, a judgment
under which something like $120,000 have
been paid out of the Treasury since. They
found that he had given voluntary aid to the
rebellion. The court found that fact, and so
stated in the opinion. But they found that
about three weeks after General Sherman cap-
tured the city of Savannah, in Georgia, where
this man's cotton was, ho went forward and
took an oath of allegiance to the Government
of the United States, and thereby made him-
self the beneficiary of an amnesty offered by
the President; and the court decided, directly
in the teeth of the provisions of these laws,
that the amnesty wiped out the whole past and
reinstated this man in all his privileges and
rights as if lie had never given aid and comfort
to the rebellion; and they gave judgment for
Mm on that ground.
Now, sir, I do not propose, so far as any
action of mine is concerned, to allow the Treas-
ury to be depleted in this way. I propose to
put it out of the power of any court whatever
to give any such effect to an amnesty or a par-
don. And I state to the Senate now that I
have official information from the attorney who
is employed by the Government to defend the
suits that are now pending in the Court of
Claims seeking for the recovery of cotton cap-
tured during the war from the rebels, that if
that decision is allowed to stand without the
interposition of Congress, judgments will be
recovered against the United States in favor
of men who were rebels throughout the war
to the amount of more than ten million dollars,
and nothing on this earth will prevent it.
If the Senate wish to have these judgments
for $510,000,000 and more rendered against the
United States in favor of rebels, who, when the
rebellion ceased to have vitality, and all its
hopes were gone, came forward and took an
oath of allegiance entitling them to amnesty,
then all they have to do is to express that pur-
pose, and my duty will have been performed,
and theirs too. But I do not think that the
Congress of the United States should suffer the
Treasury to fall under the grasp of a decision
of this kind that is to take money out of it in
this way. Therefore it is that I offer this
amendment. That it is proper here cannot
be questioned. There is an appropriation in
this bill, and this amendment follows it, for
money to pay judgments rendered by the Court
of Claims in favor of claimants, and i t is per-
fectly proper that in connection with that
appropriation should be a restriction and limit-
ation upon the power of that court to render
judgment against the United States.
This is all that I deem it necessary to say to
bring the facts before the Senate. Of course the
Senate will pass their judgment upon them.
Mr. MOKRILL, of Maine. I do not rise
to debate the matter, nor to say anything by
way of reply to the Senator from Missouri in
regard to this amendment, but to suggest that
if this legislation is relevant, and if this sort
of legislation is supposed to be admissible on
an appropriation bill, I defy the ingenuity of
any man, I do not care who he is, ever to
prosecute to final success an appropriation bill.
If this is proper, anything in the way of legis-
lation is proper; and you might as well put
,on Little & Brown's edition of the Statutes-
at-Large and say that it is relevant, because in
some remote sense it would be; but in no direct
sense, which makes a thing germane or relevant,
can I conceive that this proposition is relevant.
My honorable friend from Missouri says that it
will save $10,000,000. The whole sum appro-
priated in this bill to the Court of Claims is
only $100,000.
Mr. SAWYER. Sir. President- 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ate, without discussing this proposition, to vote
upon it at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine desires the Senate without discussing it
to vote upon the amendment. The Senator
from South Carolina is entitled to the floor, if
he insists upon it.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not propose to discuss
the amendment at length ; but I wish to call
attention to two or three facts. The thirteenth
section of the act of July 17, 1862, provides—
" That the President is hereby authorized, at any
time hereafter, by proclamation, to extend to per-
sons who may have participated in the existing
rebellion in any State or part thereof, pardon ana
amnesty, -with such exceptions and at sueh time and
on such conditions as he may deem expedient for
the public welfare."
, On the 8th of December, 1803, the President
of the United States issued a proclamation, of
which the following is a part;
"I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United
States, do proclaim, declare, and make known to all
persons who have, directly or by implication, par-
ticipated m the existing rebellion, except as herein-
after excepted, that a full pardon is hereby granted
to them and each of them, with restoration of all
rights of property, except as to slaves, and in prop-
erty cases where rights of third parties shall have
intervened, and upon the condition that every such
person shall take and subscribe an oath, and thenee-
lorward keep and maintain said oath inviolate; and
which oath shall be registered for permanent preser-
^ation, and shall bo of the tenor and effcct following.
Then follows the oath, which is known as the
amnesty oath.
"The persons excepted from the benefits of the
loregoing provisions are all who are, or shall have
been, civil or diplomatic officers or agents of the so-
callod confederate government; all who have left
judicial stations under the United States to aid the
rebellion; all who are, or shall have been, military
or naval officers of said so-called confederate gov-
ernment above the rank of colonel in the army or
?T He'JtS?a?t V?the naTy: a11 who Ieft seats in the
United btates Congress to aid the rebellion; all who
resigned commissions in the Army or Navy of the
United States and afterward aided the rebellion
and all who have engaged in any way in treating
Stw -pe h?"3',or ^h,\te P^onsin charge of such,
otherwise than lawfully as prisoners of war, and
which persons may have been found in the Umted
capacity5"7106 aS rs* seamen, or in any other
Now, Mr, President, if that pardon meant
anything, it meant that the property of the
persons who had taken that oath should there-
after be safe from seizure. As a matter of
fact all real estate which was seized by the
United States and formerly belonging to such
persons at the time they took the amnesty
oath was restored. All kinds of property were
restored, so far as my knowledge or observa-
tion goes, except the cotton which was seized
in one or two cities of the country. This anom-
alous proceeding took place in the cities of
Savannah and Charleston. All the cotton that
was found in the store-houses of those two
cities, and, so far as I know, in no other cities
on the Atlantic coast, was seized and appro-
priated to the use of the United States. The
cotton in Wilmington was notgenerally seized ;
the cotton in other parts of the South was not
generally seized. At any rate, in the State
where I live such was not the case. That cot-
ton was in many instances taken from men who
were just as loyal as any men in the country,
and who have had to fight in the Court of
Claims at large expense to recover the fourth
of what the cotton was worth.
But it is sought to exclude from the Court
of Claims a large class of people who are new
entitled to go there by the judgment of the
Supreme Court of the United States—a judg-
ment unanimously rendered, an opinion to
which there was no exception by any judge.
It is now sought to narrow the field of applica-
tion for relief in the Court of Claims by this
amendment. It does seem to me that the
ingenuity of the Senator from Missouri might
be better employed than in attempting to take
from the small number (for it is a small num-
ber, and not a number whose claims are at all
likely to amount to $10,000,000) of those who
are now appearing in the Court of Claims to
ask that which was taken from them after full
amnesty and pardon for the past, with the con-
dition of restoration of the property as one of
the conditions of the pardon, what little chance
they have left to get back something that
belonged to them.
It will be observed that in that proclamation
all the more guilty parties in the rebellion arc-
excepted from the benefits of it. With the
Supreme Court as it is now formed, with a
Supreme Court in which every Senator on this
floor has entire confidence, it does seem to me
that this matter may be safely left in then-
hands. If it is the intention of a pardon by
the President of the United States, under the
proclamation issued according to the provis-
ions of the act I have read, which gives to the
President full power to fix the conditions, to
effect anything, it means to effect what it says.
Mr, EDMUNDS. My friend from South
Carolina evidently labors under a little con-
fusion of ideas about this matter. In giving
force to the pardon and restoration of rights
under that amnesty proclamation, as we must,
Congress did not undertake, when it author-
ized the amnesty, to have the Court of Claims,
instead of Congress, decide whether the man
had complied with the conditions by any means.
It took express pains in the same series of
statutes, on the subject of captured and aban-
doned property, to provide that persons should
not go into the Court of Claims unless they
went in there upon the proof of complete and
constant loyalty, not upon the proof that they
had been rebels and traitors and had got par-
doned ; but we only authorized the Court of
Claims to entertain jurisdiction of those cases
when the party who came before it should show
affirmatively that he had all the time been a
supporter of the Government of the United
States. We created the Court of Claims ; they
are merely our agents for getting money out of
the Treasury; and we only authorized them to
decide whether a man was entitled to restart) -
tion, &e., when he should prove, not that he
had got pardoned, not that he had sacrificed
lives and destroyed property of the United
btates, and had got a pardon for it from Lin-
coln or Johnson, or anybody else, but that he
had all the time been a loyal man* That was
the proposition.
