4754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
as a violation of the first principles of civilization, and
contrary to the precedent happily established on the
North American continent; and in the name of
humanity they solemnly insist that these things
shall cease.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the peo-
ple of the United States are pained to hear that the
pretension of property in man is still upheld in the
island colonies of Spain lying in American -waters;
thathuman beings endowed by nature with theright
to Hie, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are held
its slaves, despoiled of all rights; that instead of term-
inating this pretention at once the Spanish Govern-
ment propose to protract it for an indefinite period
by an impossible system of gradualism; that such a
spectacle is justly offensive to all who love repub-
lican institutions, of which liberty and equality are
cardinal principles, and especially to the people of
the United States, who now, in the name of justice
and for the sake of good neighborhood, ask that
slavery shall cease at once.
Sec. 3. And beit further resolved, That the United
States, being once colonies, achioved independence
as a nation by successful resistance to the Euro-
pean Power claiming to govern them, and their
example was followed afterward by the Spanish
colonies on the American continent, all of which
have achieved independence likewise: that already
the same aspiration for independence begins to stir
in the neighboring eolonies of Great Britain; that
these instances, in harmony with the spirit of the
age, teaeh that the day of European colonies in this
hemisphere has passed; that, impressed by this con-
viction, the people of the United States regret to
witness the extraordinary efforts of the Spanish Gov-
ernment by violence and blood, to maintain unnat-
ural jurisdiction in Cuba, forbidden by tho great law
of progress and hostile to the best interests of both
parties.
Sec. 4. And be it further resolved. That the people
of the United States declare thoir sympathy with
their fellow-Americans in Cuba struggling for inde-
pendence, and at the same time their sympathy with
the people of Spain in their present efforts for lib-
eral institutions in their own ancient land, and thoy
call upon this people, as a first stage in reform at
home, and for the sake of peace, to recognize at once
theright of the Cubans to govern themselves; that
they make this appeal with sincere good will to the
people of Spain, and with the assurance that tho
justice they do to others will rebound to their own
happiness, welfare, and renown.
Sec. 5. And b* it further resolved. That the Presi-
dent of the United States is charged with the duty
of communicating these resolutions to the Govern-
ment of Spain.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless objected
to, the resolution of the committee is before the
Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Those ore exceedingly
long resolutions; and it seems to me, with the
greatest deference to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, that they ought to be printed.
They are resolutions which bear on those for-
eign relations of ours which are at present of
the most moment, and certainly of the most
interest to the people of the country. In every
such expression made by this country, whether
through Congress or through the Executive,
the utmost fitness and propriety of attitude and
language, it seems to me, are essential. So
much may turn upon a word, so much may
turn upon the mode in which an idea is pre-
sented in an expression such as these resolu-
tions are intended to convey, that I suggest to
the chairman of the committee whether he will
not, upon the whole, consent that tho resolu-
tions be printed before being acted upon by
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I appeal to my friend. He
knows they have been considered carefully in
committee, and I hope he will allow the Sen-
ate to act on them at once. There is a dispo-
sition around me, I find, to act to-day *, and
in a matter like this, which has been under
discussion the whole session, where every Sen-
ator has probably matured his conclusions, I
think wc are all ready to act promptly. I hope
my friend will allow us to act.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope so too.
Mr. STEWART. Let us vote.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President—— _
Tho VICE PRESIDENT, 'lhe Chair will
slate that if their consideration be not objected
to tho resolutions are subject to debate, but if
objected to they are not before the Seuate.
'Mr. COLE. The resolutions seem to be
unexceptionable both in language and in senti-
ment, and 1 hope they will be passed.
Mr BOUEMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not understand the Senator from California to
object.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not know what I
am supposed to object to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To the consid-
eration of the resolutions to-day.
Mr. CASSERLY. I simply asked that they
should be printed, and I suppose that is an
objection to considering them now.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. That is an objec-
tion. They will be ordered to be printed, if
there be no objection.
CONTRACTS FOB SERVILE LABOR.
Mr. STEWART. I move to postpone the
present and all other orders for the purpose of
considering Senate bill No. 973, to prohibit
contracts for servile labor.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the Senator from
Nevada will yield a moment, and allow a joint
resolution of mine to be taken up. I do not
think it will give rise to any debate. It is the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 222) relative to
applications for alterations of railroad charters.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order that the res-
olution I submitted yesterday respecting night
sessions should be considered at this time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
tho motion of the Senator from Nevada post-
pones that and all other orders, if agreed to.
That resolution is now on the Calendar of res-
olutions. It is not included in the privileged
morning business, which includes petitions,
reports of committees, bills introduced, and
resolutions presented.
Mr. BAYARD. As that is a motion which
respects the convenience of the Senate, I think
it would be better to consider it in precedence
to the business proposed by the honorable
Senator from Nevada. It may possibly by its
decision affect the time for the consideration
of the bill ho now proposes to discuss.
Mr. STEWART. 1 have been trying for a
long time to get this bill up. Many Senators
have requested me to insist upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of tho Senator from Nevada.
Mr. CASSERLY. The motion to pass over
is no longer one under the rules of the Sen-
ate, and therefore this motion is not in order
in the present shape.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not a motion
to pass over ; it is a motion to postpone tho
present and all other orders.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood the Sen-
ator from Nevada certainly to word his motion
as a motion to pass over.
Mr. STEWART. No.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion was
not made in that shape as the Senator will see
by reading tho Globe.
Mr. POMEROY. This question is open to
debate. I hope the Senator will debate it; he
will find no difficulty now, as we have repealed
the rule.
Mr. CASSERLY. I beg the Senator from
Kansas to repeat what he said. I did not hear
him.
Mr. POMEROY. I said this was a subject
open to debate. The rule was repealed yester-
day that allowed a motion to pass over to be
made and decided without debate. This is
open to debate.
Mr. STEWART. On the merits? I most
respectfully differ with the Senator from Kan-
sas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is it in order to amend
this motion by substituting another bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. It
has been decided frequently in the Senate that
it is an independent motion and must be decided
on its merits, and is not subject to amendment.
That has been decided in past years repeatedly.
Mr. CASSERLY.^ I should greatly desire
that this motion might not be adopted this
morning, and there are two reasons for that.
One is, that I desire to bring before the Senate
a bill which has been pending here a much
longer time than the bill of the Senator from
Nevada. I refer to House bill No. 975, and
which is a bill for the purpose of saving for
settlers in the State of California a body of
valuable lands which, on the 6th of July, will
be released from withdrawal for the Western
Pacific Railroad Company. I should not speak
of that as the object of the bill; I should rather
say it is one of the effects of the bill, because
the object is more general. I should like to
get that bill up.
In the next place, this bill of the Senator
from Nevada deals with a subject which is not
only important, but which is difficult to be dealt
with in legislation. Without intending now to
discuss at any length what strike me as the
defects of the measure which he proposes, I
may say in general terms that when you under-
take to deal with a species of slavery which is
not recognized, and consequently not defined
by any law, the difficulty of dealing with such
a slavery is very greatly enhanced; and itis by
no means easy to select the proper modes of
expression so as on the one hand to reach di-
rectly the evil intended to be reached, and on
the other hand to avoid legislation too severe
and too sweeping in its scope. Although very
much pressed by other business night and day,
as the Senate knows we all have been since
this bill has been before the Senate, I have
endeavored so to alter the measure proposed
by the Senator from Nevada as to make it
reach the object which I presume he had in
view in bringing his bill here, and which, with
deference to him, I undertake to say he has
totally failed to do. I was not able to complete
my purpose because my attention was called
off to other avocations. The Senate know per-
fectly well that the rule which is sometimes
attributed to lawyers is of binding force in this
Senate, never to do to-day what you can put
off until to-morrow; and when bills are called
up suddenly and unexpectedly from day to day
those are matters which we must attend to ;
those we cannot put off until to-morrow, and
all other things have to give place to them.
In the next place, I am suffering to-day from
a most violent headache, such as to incapaci-
tate me from speaking except with consider-
able pain to myself. The bringing up of this
bill at this time will necessitate a long discus-
sion, for which I assure the Senate I am by no
means fit. I trust that under these circum-
stances the Senator from Nevada will indulge
me with a postponement until to-morrow. To-
morrow I shall endeavor to be ready for him
and for His bill, with such amendments as I
think are required to meet the object the bill
proposes to accomplish, according to its title
at least.
Mr. STEWART. I hope this bill will be
proceeded with now. The Judiciary Commit-
tee have examined it very carefully, and it is a
subject that should be acted upon. It seems
to me that a delay of action on it is entirely
unnecessary. It has been sufficiently delayed,
and it is time it was acted upon, so that the
country may know whether the United States
intend to stop this system of slavery that is
attempted to be inaugurated now through the
United States. Every day we see telegrams
that large numbers of Chinese are being taken
to different places in the United States, creat-
ing uneasiness. And if it be true that they
are there under this kind of contract we should
make an effort to stop it. If this legislation
does not reach the evil, which the Judiciary
Committee think it will, other legislation can
be had. I hope the bill will bo taken up.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think it is very likely
that I shall vote with the Senator from Ne-
vada when the bill ia taken up; but I appre-
hend he did not hear one of the reasons
assigned by the Senator from California why
this bill should not be considered to-day. He
has substantial objections to it in its present
