1922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
No. 657) for the relief of the sureties of Wil-
liam L. Adams; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
658) to strengthen the legal reserves of the
national banks and to provide for the resump-
tion of specie payments on and after January
1, 3871; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend by my side [Mr.
Kellogg] says that that is a good bill by the
title. If be will do me the honor of reading
it he will find that it is a good bill in substance.
I move that it be printed and referred to the
Committee on Finance, and I hope my friend,
the excellent chairman of that committee, will
give his attention to the point.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE (by request as he stated) asked,
and by unanimous consent obtained, leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 659) for the relief of
A. A. DeLong; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 660) incorporating the Southern Trans-
continental Railway Coinpany and granting the
right of way and lands in aid of its construc-
tion ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. GUI) to amend an act entitled "'An act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
tliroughoutthe United States ;"w hich vvas read
twice bv its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. GC'2) making ngrant of lands to the State
of Alabama, to aid in the construction of the
Chattahoochee and Mobile railroad in said
State ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, ar.d ordered
to be printed.
Mr. 110WE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
(HKi) to extend the time for completing a rail-
road between Madison and Portage City, and
giving construction to the act of Congress
granting lands to the State of Wisconsin to aid
in building railroads ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 6(H) explanatory of the act of July 25,
18G6, relating to the Sutro tunnel; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Mines and Mining, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro
dace a joint resolution (S. R, No. 154) author-
izing the Secretary of State to adjust certain
claims, and directing the payment thereof;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be ptinted.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 155) to exempt from succes-
sion tax property in the city of Baltimore, in-
tended to be conveyed by Mrs. Isabella Brown
to the Presbyterian church in that city con-
nected with the General Assembly of the Pres-
byterian Church of the United States; which
nas read twice by its title.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. It might as well He on
the table. There is a bill reported from the
Committee on Finance that will cover it, and
I will call it up this morning during the morn-
ing hour if I can.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well; letit lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion will lie on the table.
Wit AN GEL INDIAN- VILLAGE, ALASKA.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which v/as considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to ;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed, if not inconsistent with public interest, to
transmit to the Senate so much of the report of Vin-
cent Colyer, special Indian commissioner, as relates
to the Indian village of Wrangel, Alaska, including
the accompanying illustrations, now in the hands of
tho Government Printer, showing the condition of
that village previous to its recent bombardment by
the United States troops.
Mr. WILSON also submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unanimous
conseut, and agreed to :
Jteaolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed,
if not inconsistent with public interest, to transmit
to the Senate the full report of the recent bombard-
ment of the Indian village at "Wrangol, Alaska, by
the United States troops stationed at that post.
loss of the oneida.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following res-
olution :
Jlesotved, That tlie Committee on Naval Affairs be
requested t>o report to tlio Senate joint resolutions
expressing the deep sorrow of the nation for tho loss
of theofficers and men on board the war ship Oneida,
expressing tho national admiration fortheirgallant
conduct, and expressing the national abhorrence for
the inhuman and brutal conduct of tho commander
of the Bombay.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the resolution be
reported.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. I venture to suggest to
the honorable Senator that it might be well to
modify the resolution in the early part, com-
mitting to the committee the discretion to re-
port as proposed if, upon a review of the facts
by them, the facts shall warrant such areport.
'The latter clause of this, the Senator will see,
prejudges pretty fully the whole case.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from New
York evidently supposes that this is my reso
lutiou. I rose to say precisely what the Sen-
ator liom New York has said.
Mr. CONKLING. I understood it to come
from, the Senator from Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was offered
by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon.
Mr. THURMAN. And also to say that we
have as yet no official information on this sub-
ject. I was told last night by one who ought
to know that we are very soon to have an offi-
cial report on this subject. I submit that a
resolution containing such a clause as the last
one in this resolution ought not to be passed
on mere hearsay. If we were to act upon what
we have heard, undoubtedly I feel as much as
any Senator on the floor can feel what is ex-
pressed in that resolution; but in so delicate
a matter, a matter which undertakes to con-
sign to eternal infamy, as this resolution does,
the commander of the Bombaj', we ought not
to act until we have authoritative evidence that
the accusation is just. It may turn out that it
is just. But yet an officer of our Navy told me
last night that he could not conceive it possible
that the commander of the Bombay was guilty
of what is charged in the resolution; but still
it may be that it is so. At all events do not
let the Congress of the United States act in
this manner, and accuse men before they have
some official evidence on which to act.
Mr. MORTON. I supposed that the ques-
tion as to the culpability of the commander
of the Bombay was established. I was in-
formed this morning at the Navy Department
by a distinguished officer, not the Secretary
of the Navy, however, that the consular court
at Yokohama had found the commander of
the Bombay guilty and had sentenced him to
a mild punishment, he being suspended from
command for six months only. I am willing,
however, the resolution should lie on the table
until we can get further information.
■Mr. THURMAN. That is satisfactory,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will go over until to-morrow.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
State's,by Mr.PoRTER. his Secretary, announced
that the President had on this day approved and
signed the resolution (S. R% No. 109) in rela-
tion to settlers on the late Sioux Indian reser-
vation in the State of Minnesota.
. . eastern oheroicees.
Mr. ABBOTT. Iunderstand that the Senator
from Nevada objected to the consideration of
a bill reported by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs through a misappre-
hension.
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move that the bill reported
by the Senator from Iowa from the Committee
on Indian Affairs be considered.
The motion was agreed to, by unanimous con-
sent; Eind t-he Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill (S. No.
646) providing for the payment of the expenses
of the delegation of the eastern Cherokees.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment to strike out all
after the enacting clause and insert:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized to pay the necessary expenses of
Ueorgrrt W. Buihyhead, James BIythe, S. Mink, Wil-
liam Matoy, James Taylor, and David Tucker, dele-
gates of tho eastern Cherokees, incurred in visiting
Washington on business of the tribe, out of the con-
tingent fund of the Interior Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and theamendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, and was read the third time, and passed.
succession tax on charitable devises.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
037. I ask unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under the new
rule, it will require unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Several Senators are in-
terested in measures covered by this bill, and
there are two or three pressing cases.
Mr. FERRY. I concurred in the rule re-
cently in regard to resolutions of the Senate
which are to be acted upon; but I have a res-
olution in regard to the consideration of trea-
ties, which I suppose will be passed without a
dissenting voice, from what I learn from the
Committee on Foreign Relations. I should like
to have that resolution taken up this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
that if this bill gives rise to debate I shall not
seek to press it now. It is a question of a
simple character.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to taking up the bill mentioned
by the Senator from Ohio.
The bill (S. No. G87) to relieve public char-
ities from taxation, was read the second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to repeal all provisions of existing
laws whereby any tax or duty is laid upon be-
quests or devises, or transfers by deed, grant,
or gift, made or intended to take effect after
the death of the grantor, of any real or personal
property, in trust or otherwise, for public uses
of a literary, educational, or charitable char-
acter, or upon any real or personal estate which
may become subject to any such trust under
any past or future disposition, which, if made
in favor of an individual, would confer on him
a succession ; and no taxes heretofore levied
under such provisions of law but not paid are
to be collected.
Mr. POMERO Y. I suppose this bill relates
to internal revenue taxes. It does not relate
to the taxes of the States. It is drawn in such
a way that it would prohibit a State taxing
these devises or bequests, as it seems to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are three or tour
I cases, especially one in New York and one
