1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2867
Oregon not to press tkik onthis resolution. It
is for   specific purpose ; mad his amendment
changes the whole system. I approve of it if it
can be properly digested ; bat let it be offered
on some other bill and let it go to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Koads.
Mr. CORBETT. If yon want to protect the
Treasury against the imposition of straw bid-
ders this is the veiy manner in which to do it;
compel the parties to deposit money, the same
as the Secretary of the Treasury does when
parties bid on gold in New York. He com-
pels those who bid for gold to deposit a check
lor a margin, so that in case gold falls the
Government shall have some security.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator will see 
Mr. CORBETT. I decline to be interrupted.
I think this proposition is a fair one. It pro-
tects the Treasury. My sole desire is to pro-
tect the Treasury and to keep straw bidders
from bidding. Now, if Seuators desire that,
if my very zealous friend from Nevada desires
to do that, I certainly think he cannot object
to this proposition. It confines the bidding to
responsible men. It prevents men of straw
from bidding If they do bid they forfeit this
ten per ccn " On a. contract of $50,000 they
will have to put np $5,000. Responsible men
can put np that amount of money without
inconvenience; others cannot.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think my friend from
Oregon is right in the main; bnt I would sug-
gest to him, as this joiut resolution is now
amended, it is merely to try a question of fraud
in a special case that has occurred, and then
the act will exhaust itself. When the post
office appropriation bill comes up the proper
place for his amendment will be on that bill,
and as it has now been brought to the atten-
tion of the Senate everybody can consider of
it. I am in favor of the principle. The
details I do not understand at the moment.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 have no objection to
lliis joint resolution as it now stands; but I
want some such provision as this in the law,
to prevent straw bidding.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So do I; but it ought to
he in a general law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Oregon withdraw his amendment?
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to have a
vote taken upon it. I think it is as appro-
priate on this as any other bill. I should like
to test the sentiment, of the Senate.
The V1CC PRESIDENT. The question is
on theamendmentof the Senator from Oregon.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. POMEROY. As there are two lines
of railroad now running to Colorado, one com-
pleted and one nearly so, I move to strike Col-
orado out of the preamble of the joint resolution.
Mr. STEWART. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
proposed recess.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask my colleague to
give way until I can renew the motion, as the
honorable Senator from Delaware has with-
drawn liis objection, for an evening session to
consider bills that are not objected to this
evening.
Mr. HO W ARD. I have no objection to that
motion being put if a vote can be taken with-
out debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan asks that by unanimous con-
sent an order be made that the Senate, at five
o'clock to-day, take a recess until half past
seven o'clock, for the purpose of considering
in the evening bills to which there shall be no
objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood that that was
agreed upon for to-morrow.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is for to-night.
Mr. SUMNEU. Then I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent, and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts objects.
Mr. SUAlN ER. I understand that we are
to consider that very business to- morrow morn-
ing.
"BLACK BOB" INDIAN8.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the report of
the Committee on Indian Affairs relative to
the "Black Bob" Indian lands in Kansas
be recommitted to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
v northern pacific railway.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (S. It. No. 121) authorizing the Northern
i Pacific Railroad Company to issue its bonds
for the construction of its road, and to secure
the same by mortgage, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Thurman,
which was to add the foliowiug, to come in at
\ the end of the resolution:
| And the rights and privileges hereby conferred
I upon said company, and the grants of land hereby
made to it, are conferred and made upon this condi-
tion : that said company, its successors and assign?,
shall forever transport over said road and its brandies,
free from any toll or charge, all the troops, prod ace,
stores, and munitions of war that may belong to the
United States.
Mr. CASSERLY concluded the speech com-
menced by him yesterday. It will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to make a statement before he proceeds ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say that I am
paired off on this joint resolution with my col-
league, [Mr. Shermax,] who is absent from the
city to day. Although the pair was really on
the passage of the joint resolution, I suppose
in equity it ought to extend to other questions
on which there may be a vote. I shall not,
therefore, be able to vote on any of the ques-
tions that may be taken. If he were here he
would vote for the passage of the joi nt resolution,
| and I should vote against it. Now, in order
that ray friend from Nevada may have time to
make bis reply, I move to extend the time
fixed for taking the vote until half past three
o'clock. I do this at his suggestion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio
asks unanimous consent that the time fixed
for taking the final vote on the measure before
the Senate be extended for half an hour. Is
there any objection ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object to that,
unless there is a special emergency.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make some
remarks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I must insist
on carrying out the agreement that has been
made.
Several Senators. Oh! do not object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Maine to ob-
ject.
Mr. STEWART. Then I decline to make
any remarks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What does the
Senator wish ?
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make some re-
marks, and I want the time extended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the rea-
son ? I have heard no reason assigned. .
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make some
remarks on the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, I object.
We have had it up several days, day after day.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg the attention of the
Senator from Maine for a moment. The Sen-
ator from California has consumed au hour and
three quarters, or nearly that, in the speech he
has made to-day, and it was expected that
some other Senators would address the Sen-
ate on thissubject; but unfortunately we are
driven very near to three o'clock, the time
fixed for taking the vote. Between now and
three o'clock the Senator from Nevada will
have an opportunity to say but little. 1 there-
fore beg the Senator from Maine to withdraw
his objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I declinc to
withdraw it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to correct the
Senator from Michigan. I did not occupy so
much time as he supposes, and probably not
more than an hour and a half, because a good
deal of my time was consumed by a discussion
which went over the morning hour. I wish to
say also that I understood, not expressly, but
impliedly, that there was no disposition on the
Other side to debate this question at all, but a
desire without debate to bring it to a vote.
However, I do not wish to be understood as
objecting to an extension of the time.
Mr. STEWART. I just wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that this
measure has been talked out on three difFerent
occasions when we were ready to take a vote.
Now, there have been statements made here
which ought to be replied to. We have waited
and waited; and now 1 ask for a few minutes
time to be allowed to make that reply. I have
not occupied on this bill more than fifteen
or twenty minutes altogether, and now I am
denied time enough to make the reply I desire
to make.
Mr. THURMAN. My impression is that
the objection of my friend from Maine came
too late. The Chair had announced that the
time was extended, and therefore the Senator
could not object after that. I hope he will
not insist on the objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Seuator
from Maine had a right to object, and the Chair
understands him to insist on his objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say
that more than three days have been occupied
in the discussion of this subject; and when it
is obvious that the sense of the Senate is en-
tirely with the friends of the measure, for them
now to insist upon occupying the time of the
Senate on a question which has already occu-
pied so much time, against other important
bills that are waiting, is a proposition that I
think ought not to be made, and certainly
ought not to be entertained if it is made. That
is my judgment. I think it is trifling with the
business of the country.
The PRES1D1N G OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada will proceed.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to say that there
have been some arguments and some state-
ments made that ought to be replied to, as the
Senator from Maine would know if he had
been here and listened to them. There have
been some attacks on the Republican party
and its policy, and statements have gone out
here which I think ought to be contradicted.
I shall not, however, undertake to do it unless
I have time enough allowed me for the purpose.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I could
wish that the Senator from Nevada would pro-
ceed if a longer period were allowed. If he
declines to proceed, I have only a few words
to say in reply to the extended and very earn-
est remarks of the Senator from California,
remarks in which he has, in my opinion, done
great injustice to the bill now before us and
great injustice to the Republican party; but
time will not allow me to go into this latter
consideration at all. I shall leave that party
to stand upon its record, a record which is as
solid, as dnrable as adamant. It will go into
history, and be read by our posterity with pride
a thousand years hence, when that Senator
and myself, like the present generation, have
been gathered to our fathers.
I rose merely to say that among the numer-
ous erroneous statements of the honorable
