1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3811
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
one moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. The decision with refer-
ence to _ the case cited by the Senator from
Missouri is a decision, not of the Court of
Claims ultimately, but of the Supreme Court.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very good.
Mr. SAWYER. And I presume they decided
it*on all the laws that bore upon the case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; that is just
what my friend from Missouri is complaining
of, and rightly; I am coming to that presently.
I am only showing the Senate and my friend
from South Carolina that we do not, retract
anything that the proclamation of President
Lincoln provided as to giving a man a restor-
ation of his rights, whatever they may have
been, pledged by that proclamation, if lie con-
forms to it. We are undertaking now only to
say what we said before, and in the same
breath in which we said that, that wo will not
trust the Court of Claims or any other court
to take money out of the Treasury to pay it to
a rebel and traitor because be has got par-
doned ; he must come here and satisfy us that
he comes within this provision in the amnesty
of PresidentLincoln. There is the difference.
My friend will observe it is a pretty wide differ-
ence ; a very wide difference.
Then further, if wo were to go into the merits
of the question as to captured and abandoned
property taken as prize of war, that a rebel and
a traitor has run away from, and which has
fallen into military possession, as this cotton
did, it is not by any means clear ; on the con-
trary, I should say it was quite clear otherwise,
that it comes within the restoration provided
for in that amnesty at all. That is a restoration
of the property which the man has forfeited
as a citizen by reason of being a traitor, a mu-
nicipal restoration of forfeited property, which
stands upon an entirely different ground from
a quantity of property he may have owned
during the rebellion that he from the conse-
quences of war has abandoned, that was in the
course of military use and was captured, and
which becomes the property of the United
States, not as forfeited under anything which
the President may pardon, but as being a prize
of war ; and under that principle we have only
authorized the Court of Claims to restore any-
thing to anybody when he could show that his
hands had been clean all the time.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator seems to mis-
understand the state of facts in the case which
was quoted by the Senator from Missouri; that
is, that the cotton was taken from that claimant
after the amnesty oath had been taken, and he
had not abandoned it in any sense whatever;
and so it is with all these cases.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is the difficulty,
that my friend from South Carolina is arguing
from a particular case where a particular man,
the gentleman in whose case this precedent is
made, may have been a loyal man in his heart
all the time, and may have had his property
seized, which, however, is a mistake; it was
captured like any other property. But sup-
pose I grant what he says. The point is not
whether this particular gentleman ought in jus-
tice to have his money; the point now is 011
this decision of the Supreme Court on appeal
from the Court of Claims, whether any rebel,
any traitor, whose property was captured or
abandoned, -who has a pardon, can come into
the Court of Claims with a pardon in his pocket
from Andrew Johnson and take every dollar
of the cotton-money out of the Treasury, be-
cause there are only $11,000,000 left; and
Judge Hale, who is very intimate with this
matter, and is the representative of the Gov-
ernment in these cases, informs us that this
decision will take $12,000,000 of the $14,000,-
000 that are left. The question is whether the
Senate of the United States is willing to see
that done.
Here is one case which illustrates this mat-
ter, the case of Lamar, a man very prominent
before or during the war, at Savannah, Geor-
gia. This Mr. Lamar or his heirs, assigns,
or executors, for I believe he is dead, have a
claim on the calendar of the Court of Claims
for more than a million dollars in one single
case ; and he has in his pocket, or his repre-
sentatives have, a pardon of Mr. Andrew
Johnson. He took the benefit of the amnesty,
and here is his written statement of the cir-
cumstances—it is too long to read all of it—
under which he consented to take that oath so
as to get his $1,000,000:
" By availing myself of the law of Congress of 17th
July, 1862, and President Lincoln's proclamation
of 8th December, 1863, founded thereon, I could, if
justice and law wore dealt to mo in common with
others, preserve all my property to myself, pay off
all my debts, and have a comfortable competency
remaining for myself and my family, and 1 could,
whenever! pleased, expatriate myself from Yankee
dominion and vicinity.
"By refusing, all my property must go into the
Yankee Treasury, under tbeir confiscation acts, and
1 bo left in their midst, unable to move beyond their
tyranny and despotism in any direction.
" Some may say 1 had rather gone under the pro-
tection of France or of Great Britain, or perhaps of
the king of Dahomey; but letit be remembered that
none of these alternatives were at my choice. Nor
can I see much advantage in any of thorn if they had
been ever the one I took, nay, none by no means so
good, for if I am not deceived and defrauded of my
legal rights I can avail myseif of a choice among
them all, and can now go from 'ono to tho other, or
anywhero else, till lean improve my position, which
almost anything on earth that is tolerable will do,
over Yankee Puritanism and Yankee Democracy.
If I cannot serve the confederacy by the course I
have adopted T eanatleastdefeatthe Federal Treas-
ury in acquiring all my property for its advantage,
which I prefer to make myself a beggar and a dun-
derhead at my time of life, and if I may not thoreby
givo active and direct aid to tho better cause, it will
be in some degree, at least, an indirect benefit, by
diverting so much from its enemies.''
Mr. MORTON. What is the date of that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Some time in 1865. I
do not know the precise date ; it was after he
had taken the benefit, and this was his excuse
to his southern friends for doing it. The Su-
preme Court of theUnitedStateshas decided—
it is a most astonishing decision to me—that
though the law declares that the claimant must
prove that he has been constantly loyal, yet
if he brings out a blood-stained pardon from
his pocket for the very offenses the law says
he shall not commit, therefore in law he has
been constantly loyal, and conforms to the very
conditions the act prescribed 1 Congress did
not mean that when it said that a cotton claim-
ant must show his loyalty. This amendment,
therefore, is proper on an appropriation bill, or
any other bill to protect the Treasury, to keep
money in it which is in danger of going out.
It only carries out the meaning and intention
of the act of Congress in creating this tri-
bunal. Instead of permitting people to come
here and draw money in violation of law, it is
to say that no man who has a pardon, or any-
thing of that kind, shall recover so as to be
entitled to stand in court at all unless the law
is complied with ; and I do hope the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, who is
endeavoring to protect the Treasury, will aid
us in accomplishing this result.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I hope the
amendment ojfered by the Senator from Mis-
souri will be sustained. It is eminently proper,
and, in my judgment, vastly more important
than Senators may at first consider. I have
no idea myself how much may be drawn out
of the Treasury of the United Slates by men
under the proclamation of amnesty read by the
Senator from South Carolina. But what did
that proclamation offer to those who were in
rebellion against the Government? It offered
amnesty and pardon to those thus engaged in
arms or aiding the rebellion against the Uni-
ted States, provided they would then take the
oath of allegiance to the United States Gov-
ernment and abjure all allegiance to the con-
federate government. Was not that the mean-
ing of the proclamation, and not that men
should go on in rebellion against the Govern-
ment for two years longer, taking the chances
to establish the confederacy as against the Uni-
ted States, and then if it failed como in and
avail themselves of the benefits designed for
loyal men? I will read one section Of the
preamble to this proclamation, which will show
one of the causes bringing the President of the
United States to issue the proclamation :
_ "Whereasthe congressional declaration for lim-
ited and condi lionalpardon accords with well-estab-
lished judicial exposition of the pardoning- power ;
and whereas, with reference to said rebellion, the
President of the United States has issued several
proclamations with provisions in regard to the liber-
ation of slaves: and whereas it is now desired by
some persons heretofore engaged in said rebellion to
resume tlieir allegiance to the United States, and to
reinaugurateloyal State governments within and for
their respective States."
That was the cause. He says here are sec-
tions of the country prepared to return to their
allegiance to the United States Government,
and we will give them an opportunity to do so:
and in order to induce them to do that, we will
promise the restoration of property which has
fallen into the hands of the united States Gov-
ernment originally belonging to them. Bat
when did those now claiming money in the
Treasury take the oath of amnesty? I ques-
tion if there is one solitary man who has a claim
in the Court of Claims against the United States
Government who took the oath earlier than
1865. Possibly some may have done it in 1864,
but it does not matter whether it was in 1664
or 1865, they did not do it until they were
compelled to do it.
Now, I propose to state what I know to be
the fact as a rule; there may be exceptions to
be sure. During the rebellion, it will be remem-
bered by all Senators that in the height of the
rebellion it was almost a death penalty on the
part of any man in the southern States to offer
to sell a bale of cotton at all. Public senti-
ment said the cotton should be burned, that no
man should cultivate cotton. The intention
was to starve out the European manufacturers
and compel the United States Government to
surrender to King Cotton.
I recollect pretty well thatat onetime no man
in my section of the country dared whisper a
word about selling cotton. I think it was pretty
late in 1862 before any cotton was sold at all.
Ultimately the planters, who, by the way, were
the moving spirits in the southern confederacy
and controlled it absolutely, came forward and
said "We must sell our cotton; we have no
other basis to go upon ; we have no credit; we
have no money ; we have nothing in the world
but cotton ; cotton will command money, and
cotton must be sold.'1 The confederate gov-
ernment yielded to the clamor, but stipulating
at the same time for a portion of the proceeds.
They got up a subscription to a cotton loan,
upon which cotton bonds were based, as every-
body will remember. Then a rush set in in
every direction to get cotton out of the coun-
try.
I ask Senators to consider who controlled
that cotton, who were the men authorized to
take it out of tho country, who were the men
protected and sheltered by the confederate
authorities in getting cotton out of the coun-
try? Were they loyal men? I ask anybody
to say whether the loyal men dealt in cotton
at all ? I undertake to say that not one soli-
tary loyalist anywhere in the country would
risk a cent on a bale of cotton. I would not
have done it. It was offered to me for a song,
but I knew I could not keep it; it would have
been wrested from me in twenty-four hours.
1 could not have hid it or sheltered it in any
warehouse in the southern confederacy so as
to give it protection, nor could I get it out of
the country, unless I stipulated to bring back
in return for it munitions of war to-aid tho
southern confederacy. Those were the terms
upon which cotton was carried out of the
country. Who engaged in that trade? I know
a great many who did ; men, some of whom
professed to be loyal to the United States Gov-
ernment, I grant you ; others of whom pro-
fessed to be great confederates; but they were
neither one thing nor the other; they went
for making money, and it did not make much
