1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1928
in New Jersey, which have been brought to
our notice, and one in Baltimore has been pre-
sented to-day. This billis to cover cases where
persons have died giving real estate for char-
itable uses. The words of the bill have been
very carefully selected with a view to confine
its operation to public uses of a literary, edu-
cational, or eharitable character.
Mr. POMEROY. Have you confined it to
the specific tax imposed by the internal revenue
laws' of the United States ?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is an exemption
from duty of articles imported for these pur-
poses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the suggestion of the Senator from Kan-
sas is that this bill should be confined to na-
tional taxes.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot remit any
others.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the billbe read again.
The bill was read.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio whether it would not
be expedient to include in the operation of this
bill transfers made for religious purposes ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The words "publicuses
of a charitable character" I believe have been
held to include most bequests of that kind.
Mr. DRAKE. I will mention a case that
was referred to the committee the other day,
about which I have been interested. A lady in
Baltimore has built a church which she wishes
to donate to a Presbyterian congregation, and
the question is whether the transfer will not be
taxed. It seems to me that it is not a case
where a tax ought to be levied. Would it not
be proper, in addition to " literary, educa-
tional, and charitable" purposes, to say also
" and religious purposes?"
Mr. SHERMAN. I am afraid that might
extend too far.
Mr. FERRY. I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio that this bill had better be recommitted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will stand by my agree-
ment. As this leads to debate I will not press
it now.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to make a suggestion.
I offered a resolution this morning, and the
response of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance to it was that this general hill would
cover that special case. Upon looking at it 1
do not think it does cover it, and tlieieforo I
wish that it may be laid over, so that an amend-
ment may bo prepared that will cover the case.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing that the bill
shonld lie over. I called it up to-day on the
ground that two or three charities of this kind
are withheld from being completed by the neces-
sity of paying six per cent._ succession tax.
One in New Jersey and one in New York are
now withheld from public uses on account of
the necessity of paying this tax.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
again be placed on the Calendar.
BIDS folt MAIL transportation.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads be requested to .inqniro n any legislation
is necessary to prevent sham bidding on contract s
let by the Post, OflLco Department.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to call the at.ten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on 1 ost
Offices and Post Roads to this resolution and
to a practice which has gr®wn uj> in the V.' est,
in the Pacific States and Territories especially,
which is very expensive to the Post Office
Department. In that country it is necessary
to commence stocking one ot the long routes
v. ith kav, grain, stock, &c., early in the season.
Hay must, be cut before the 1st of July. I he
contracts at the regular lettings are to go into
cffect on the 1st ot J aiy. The persons having
the old contracts bid high, put m a bid mat is
very high. About fifty per cent, below them
the average honest bidders have laeir Lius.
Then clear down below them is usually a sham
bid. The sham bidder makes no preparation
to carry out his bid, and as a matter of course
when the 1st of July arrives he does not come
forward. He has made no preparation to stock
the route or perform the contract. Indeed,
he makes no contract; he never comes forward
to carry out his bid. The result is that the
Post Office Department is required then to
make a special contract with the only party
with whom a contract can be made; that is,
the party having the route stocked, the old
contractor. By that means the old contractor
controls the price absolutely, and the money
is absorbed in these exorbitant contracts, so
that small neighborhoods cannot be supplied,
and still the West is charged with large expendi-
tures. And there are Targe expenditures of
money. It is necessary in that country to begin
certainly as early as the 1st of May to make
preparation for fulfilling these contracts.
It seems to me that if the Postmaster Gen-
eral is not empowered now, he should be
empowered at once to call on these bidders to
come forward, make good their bids, and enter
into their contracts, and give ample security,
not straw bail, so that those who are willing to
carry the mails at a reasonable price shall have
a fair opportunity. It is the impression of the
Post Office Department that they have no power
under the law to call on these sham bidders to
make their contracts and put in their security
until the 1st of July, and this has been going
on for a long time and is a great abuse. I
hope the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads will take the matter in hand so that this
year this system of sham bids shall not be a
success.
The resolution was agreed to.
treaties for foreign territory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is concluded ; and the Senate now re-
sumes the consideration of the concurrent res-
olution for the appointment of a joint special
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FERRY. I ask unanimous consent to
dispose of the resolution I offered on Thursday
last to amend the thirty-ninth rule.
Several Senators. Let it be read.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Iteaolved, That the thirty-ninth rule shall notnpply 1
tn siny treaty for the annexation to the TIniteubtates
ot' the en tire dominion of any foreign Power, but any
such treaty shell bo considered and the question ot .
its ratification dceidod in open session of the senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
! lion to the present consideration of this reso- ;
lation? :
Mr. MORTON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Senate
resumes the consideration of the concnrrefit
resolution in regard to the appointment of a.
joint special Committee on Indian Affairs.
bolivian navigation company.
Mr. ANTHONY. On last Friday I called
up a bill to which the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Drake] found some objection ; but upon
examination he has withdrawn his objection.
The bill lias been read, and I suppose it is
onlv necessary to go through the formplity oi
voting on it. I should like to call it up this
morning. It is a bill (S. No. 6oS)_ to incor-
porate the National Bolivian Navigation Com-
pany.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That will be discussed.
Mr. ANTHOXo: there is nothing to
discuss about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Js theie objec-
tion? The Chair hears none, and the bill (S.
No. 008) to incorporate the National Bolivian
Navigation Company is before the Senate as
■ in Committee of the Whole.
| The Committee 011 Commerce reported the
: bill with amendments, ihe first amendment
| was in line nineteen oS section one, after the
word "may" to insert "under authority of
! the Peruvian and Bolivian Governments,'' and
1 to insert, at the end oi the section:
! Pro-Uii, 'Chat the United States shall not be re-
sponsible for loss or damage resulting from the trans-
portation of property to or investment made in any '
toreign country.
So as to make the section read:
Beit enacted, &e., That George E. Church. William
H. Reynolds, Jerome B. Chaffee, S. L. M. Barlow,
A. S. Maekie, Charle3 A. Lambard, and George P.
Wilson, and such other persons as may be associated
with them and their successors, are created a body
politic and corporate by the name, style, and title of
the National Bolivian Navigation Company, and by
that name shall have perpetual succession, and shall
be able to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded,
defend and be defended in all courts of law and equity
within the United States, and may make and have a
common seal. And the said corporation shall have
power to own, soil, build, purchase, mortgage, and
charter steam and other vessels, and employ the same
in navigation between the United States and the
ports of South America, or upon the rivers and nav-
igable waters of Bolivia and Brazil, and may hold
suchrealandpersonal propertyof every kindas may
be necessary or useful in connection with the said
business, and may, under authority of the Peruvian
and Bolivian Governments, engage in public works
connected with such transportation, or which may
become necessary in order to develop the same in,
upon, or near the said rivers, and for that purpose
may issue its bonds or other obligations secured by
a plodge of its property and franchises: Provided,
That the United States shall not be responsible for
loss or damage resulting from the transportation of
property to or investment made in any foreign coun-
try.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, line
three, after the word'1 company'' to strike out
"and until others can be elected;'' so that the
section will read:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the corpor-
ators named in this act shall be the directors for the
first year from the organization of the company, and
thereafter annual elections of directors by the stock-
holders shall bo held at meetings to be called for
that purpose, at which each share of stock present,
in person or by proxy, shall be entitled to one vote,
and a majority of the stock thus represented shall
elect.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
message ee0si tub ii0dse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson. its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following joint resolutions, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 190) provid-
ing ior the safety of passengers 011 steamboats:
and
! A joint resolution (rt- R.Ko. 131) appro-
| priatmg to tiie widow and children of the late
i E. SI. Stanton, for their use, a sum equal to one
; year's saiary of an associate justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States.
enrolled bill signed.
The message aisoannouneedthatthe Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 260) for the relief of Polly Hunt, admin-
istratrix, and George W. Hunt, administrator
of the estate of Walter Hunt, deceased; and it
was thereupon signed by the Vice President.
joint indian committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first resolu-
tion in order is the Senate concurrent resolu-
tion for the appointment of a joint special Indian
Committee. On Friday last a motion to indefi-
nitely postpone the resolution as amended was
disagreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Cannot the Senate, by unan-
j imous consent, pass over this resolution and
i take up the House concurrent resolution 011
j the same subject, which is a little lower down
' on the Calendar?
| The VICE PRESIDENT. If there bo no
i objection, the House concurrent resolution will
I bo taken up, and it will be regarded as amended
, so far as it was amended by the Senate ptevi-
' ouslv.
i There being no objection, the Senate pro-
1 ceeded to consider the House concurrent ie-o-
j lution, which, as amended, reads:
• lle-oh-ed bV the Senate, (the House> of
t:ves concurring,) lha.tajomtopooialOon-m-.~i. „
