1924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Indian Affairs, consisting of ten members, five from
the Senate aad five from the House, be appointed,
to whom may be referred any subject relating to
treaties with Indian tribes, payment of annuities,
and examination of claims referred to Congress from
the Interior Department relating to Indians, tfith
power tq consider all questions arising under said
treaties, and whether the same may be abrogated,
annulled* or modified; and whether 'any further
treaties £nail be mad© with Indian tribes, and if any,
under what restrictions; and whether any and what
revision of the several acts providing: for the organ-
ization of the department «f Indian .affairs may be
expedient ornecossary; and also whether any and
what further provision may be necessary for auditing
accounts, examining vouchers presented in relation
to feeding and caring for the Indians, and in what
manner and to what extent they shall be subsisted,
and what lands shall be reserved and set apart for
them, and how the same may be secured by law to
the use of the Indian tribes; and finally to consider
the expediency of determining by law what shall bo
the legal status of persons of Indian descent under
the laws of the Umted States, and what course shall
be t aken toward them which sball best tend to their
civilization, Christianization, and ultimate citizen-
ship; and to report thereon by bill or otherwise.
Said committee shall have power to employ a clerk
and examine witnesses, if necessary.
Mr. HARLAN. I will offer an amendment
which will meet the objections that have been
made to the resolution, to strike out all after
the word "appointed" and insert:
To whom shall be referred the subject of the pro-
priety of a change or modification of the Indian
policy, and such other subjects pertaining to Indian
affairs as may bo referred to it by either branch of
Coogres*; and said committee shall have power to
examine witnesses, to send for persons and papers,
and to employ a clcrk at tho compensation allowed
a clerk of a standing committeo of tho Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that we shall have the
whole resolution read as it stands amended,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution,
as amended, will be read.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows :
L'-vrJvcdby theHouseof Jlcpre&cniatioco, (tho .Senate
corn-lining,) That a joint special committee, to con-
sist of ten member.*, live from the Senate and live
iii>w the iioufe, be appointed, to whom shall boro~
iW-rod the propriety of a ch.-mgo or modification of
t ho Indian policy and Such other subjects pertaining
to Indian affairs ns may be referred to it by cither
branch of Congress; and said committeo shall havo
power to exammo witnesses, to send for persons and
papers, and to employ a clerk at the same compensa-
tion allowed a clcik of a standing committeo of the
.Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think it wise to
make this joint committer. I do not see what
is to come of it, and I think joint committees
of the two Houses improper. It'wo havo one
upon this question we might as well have one
upon others. I think the two bodies should
be independent, of each other, and I am espe-
cially opposed to a joint committee upon this
subject because I think the policy that has
been announced in the IIouso of Representa-
tives over and over again during tho last two
or three years shows a hostile'spirit toward
the Indians. I would rather trust the Senate
of tho United States, with its record of the last
two years, to act independently and for itself
than to have «. committee made tip of these
two branches.
I cannot see what is to bo gained by it, and
I hope the Senate will keep clear of all such
entangling alliances and act according to its
own judgment, and let the House of Repre-
sentatives take the responsibility of acting for
itself. I hope that we shall inaugurate at this
session of Congress a liberal and generous,
humane and civilizing policy toward tho In-
dians. T think that feeling pervades the Sen-
ate, and I trust we shall act upon it. I trust
the House of Representatives will concur with
us in it, and that we who have emancipated
one race, and given it the rights of citizenship,
will now enter upon the policy of taking care
of and preserving and civilizing the small rem-
nant of the Indian tribes on this continent, and
s.iving them if we can. If not, they must perish.
Let us do what, is right toward them. I do
n-;t see tho wisdom of making a joint commit-
tee that shall unite the Senate and the House
of Representatives upon this question. I there-
fore must vote against the resolution, unless
some reason can be shown for it.
Mr. STEWART. I think there is great pro-
priety in having a joint committee. lit the first
place, I deny that the Hsuseof Rfipi-e'sfentative's
is tiny less humane than thfe Seftate. I think
it is just as humane. I thihk the Senate unwit-
tingly has been pursuing a most inhumatt pol-
icy in every way in the world^the policy of
feeding men -without labor, the policy of send-
ing them ahead of civilization and there sup-
porting them at enotmous expense. The lib-
eral policy has beeti a policy of degradation,
of misery, of drunkenness, Of barbarity, of
murder of Indians and of whites. All the
mosey you have spent has only been to demor-
alize the Indians. Yon feed them a part of the
year and they have no idea of working; you
feed them a part of the year and the vest of
the year they steal and murder 5 you teach
them these habits by your large donations to
them ; you have no regulations which tend to
civilize them. Your wosrk for three hufldred
years has been a failure. The wild Indians in
Nevada are much in advattee'of your Indians,
except a very few that were carried back into
the States and then went forward. ThoSe that
stayed baokin North Carolinaand Georgia have
been partially civilized, and there is the only
instance of civilization you have among Indians.
There is no good result from moving them for-
ward. No Indians have been civilized by put-
ting them on reservations far in advance of
settlements and hauling goods to them. No-
body has been benefited by it but Indian
traders. It is high time, if the Indians are to
be civilized, that they should be brought into
contact with civilization.
in the State of Nevada I believe it is re-
ported that there arc some six or seven thou-
sand Indians, and some of the military author-
ities have put them down ashigh as eight thou-
sand, About one thousand of those Indians
labor. Of course they are not advancing very
much, but they are in abetter condition than
the treaty Indians, whom you feed, because
they do not expect support from you. 'They
rely to some extent on their own exertions.
This is a matter of grave importance. Your
Indian policy must be confessed to havo been
a failure. Any person who will go and look
will see with his own eyes that it has been a
failure. I think the two Houses should have
some means of investigating tho subject and of
coming to an understanding on some general
policy that shall be humane, that shall bring
tho Indians within civilizing influences, and,
if they are to be fed by the Government, will
bring them nearer the base of supplies, and not
lead them to believe they are stroag, import-
antnations, and that they must be dealt with as
such. Your habit of making treaties with them
makes them vain and egotistical. It is labor
that civilizes men. The Indians should be
taught to labor and should be paid for their
labor. You should treat them as you treat the
colored men, give them an opportunity to labor
and to live where they will be protected by the
law. But this humbug of treating them as
nations, pandering to their pride in their wild,
savage condition, has led them to murder your
advanced settlers.
Here you are all the while talking about the
maltreatment of the poor Indian. What is the
fact? Your policy brings the Indian in contact
with the frontier settlers. You feed them a
part of the year, and the rest of the year they
murder women and children. Then your sol-
diers go after them; you send your soldiers 011
liiivd marches after them, and when they per-
form the duty you require of them you blame
them and you censure them. Recently the
most severe and tho most unjust censure has
been heaped on one of the most gallant soldiers
in the late war of the rebellion. A brave sol-
dier has been branded before this country for
discharging his duty, a duty which was the
necessary consequence of your policy. By
treating Indians differently from other men
you taught them that they were nations, you
taught them to make reprisals, and the result
was that they murdered women and children ;
and then you sent your soldiers on hard marches
to "punish them, and when those soldiers have
(lone their doty you blame them.
I say this is a matter of such grave import-
ance that both Houses should examine it, and
SXatftine it carefully. I believe the Indians
should be brought back, so far as may be, and
kept within the limits of civilization, and that
there Should be some opportunity to teach
them to labor. Look at the result of your
system on the Pacific coast. For twenty years
you have beta waking donations and bounties
to the Indians there that have enriched those
engaged in traffic; but your policy has produced
no civilized Indian, hor has it improved the
condition of the Indians. The Indian tribes
in that country are in a vforse condition than
they were twenty years ago- They know less:
their habits are worse; they are diseased, and
are degenerating and falling into decay.
If it is possible to civilize tho Indians it needs
a different system; your present system will not
produce it. This system has failed; it is fail-
ing; it is leading to the murder of your pio-
neers thatgo West; itisleadingtoextravagance
on the part of the Government; it has been
draining the Treitettry for t#enty years; it is
not in accordance with civilization or human-
ity. It is time to stop it. I should like the
Senate and House of Representatives to have
a joint committee to consider a general policy.
1 should be opposed to general legislation by
the means of a committee representing the two
branches united: but it is a proper matter to
be discussed between the two Houses what
policy should hereafter be pursued. It should
bp a large committee. The Indian question is
the most difficult question before Congress. I
should like to have a fair consultation, to sec
what policy should be adopted, so that when
our Committees on Indian Affairs bring forward
their bills they may be in pursuance of a gen-
oral policy mutually agreed upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada will please suspend his remarks. The
morning hour has expired, and the Georgia
bill is before the Senate, being the special order
of the day.
Mr. HARLAN. This resolution has been
up three or four times, and I would ask the
Senator from Illinois who is charged with the
Georgia bill if he will not let it go over inform-
ally so as to enable us to take the vote 011 this
resolution. I do not think there will be any
further general discussion of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand from sev-
eral Senators around rnc that the resolution
will be further discussed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Iowa as desiring
that the concurrent resolution he introduced
as a Senate resolution may be regarded as
indefinitely postponed, the House concurrent
resolution being the unfinished business of the
morning hour.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Sen-
ate concurrent resolution on the subject will be
regarded as indefinitely postponed, and taken
off the Calendar.
_ Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator from
Illinois give way on the Georgia bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ho does not.
The Georgia bill is before tho Senate, and tho
Senator from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORTON. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds I desire to submit an amendment to the
Georgia bill as an additional section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill has not yet
been read.
SPATE OP GEORGIA.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho bill (H. B,
No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States is now before the Senateas in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It will be read.
The bill was read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now let the amendment
