1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
day are these multitudes of people who require
instant help to save them from starvation. I
ask the Clerk to read a letter I send to the
Clerk's d esk, which will probably be the shortest
statement I can make in the premises.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, D. C., January 31,1870.
Dear Sib: Permit me to call your early attention
to the Senate bill for the temporary relief of the poor
of this District, and to urge immediate action upon
l ca™assure you that the condition of hundreds of j
this class, who have been supplied here mostly by !
private contributions, with scarcely sufficient to ]
maintain life, must surely perish unless immediate
relief is extended by Congress.
Our funds are now nearly exhausted, and this day
fifteen hundred persons, representing as many fami-
lies. applied to this office with tickets of visitors for
food and fuel, and all we could stive them was one
single loaf of bread, and some were sent away without
even that.
The results that must follow if the supply is with-
held will devolve a fearful responsibility, 1 fear, upon
those who would cause delay in granting the pro-
posed appropriation.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
A. K. BROWNE,
General Agent Washington Ansociat ion for the
Improvement of the Condition of the Poor.
Mr. Burton C. Cook,
Chairman District Committee, &c.
Mr. COOK. The board of visitors in this
city who certify to this state of facts are, I
understand, appointed from the different reli-
gious denominations of this city. They are
appointed by the Protestants, Catholics, and
Jews. I am told that the Jews not only main-
tain their own poor, but contribute to.the sup-
port of the poor belonging to other religious
societies. This board of visitors report to us,
after personal inspection and from their knowl-
edge of the necessities of the suffering poor of
this District, that this appropriation is needed.
Mr. SWANN. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him one question?
Mr. COOK. I will yield to the gentleman
for a question, and answer it if I can.
Mr. SWANN. I ask the gentleman whether
an appropriation has been made by the muni-
cipal authorities of Washington toward the
object he proposes to accomplish by this bill?
Mr. COOK. I am not aware that any such
appropriation has been made. While I find
special authority conferred by law upon the j
municipal authorities of Washington to levy
tax for water purposes, for gas purposes, and
for a multitude of other purposes, I find no
authority to levy a tax for the support of the I
poor.
Mr. SWANN. I believe appropriations have
been made for similar objects here in the Dis-
trict of Columbia by the municipal authorities;
and if the gentleman will permit me I will say
that he will find as much suffering in the cities
immediately around us. Take my own city for
instance, and he will find the poor people there
just as urgent for relief as any in the District
of Columbia; and if we go into the system of
appropriations, I see no reason, Mr. Chairman, ;
why these communities which may make simi- ,
lar appeals to us can be refused. !
Mr. COOK. Mr. Chairman, whatever is the ;
occasion of this suffering, it most assuredly and j
absolutely exists. j
It was stated in the Senate—I cannot verify .
the statement myself, but I presume it to be ;
correct, as it was made by a gentleman likely j;
to be well informed on the point—that one |
half of the taxable property of the District of I
Columbia was owned by the United States, '
and therefore wholly exempt from taxation.
There are a multitude of paupers in this city ;
and in the District who have come here in
consequence of the legislation of the national
Government, and who ought not to be made a
charge exclusively on the citizens of Washing- j
ton. It is not just or right that it should be so.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swank]
says that in many cities there is an amount of 1
suffering equal to the amount of suffering in '
the city of Washington. I have not seen it. I
never saw in my life such an amount of phys- j
ical suffering arising from the absolute want of
food as has met my eyes during the few days
I have been endeavoring to investigate this
matter.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for an inquiry?
Mr. COOK. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois whether it is not prac-
ticable to report a substitute for this bill which
shall authorize the municipal authorities of
Washington and Georgetown to levy a tax on
the property of those cities for the support of
the poor, and in advance of that to borrow
money to be repaid by the proceeds of this
tax ?
I will state further that there is not a city in
the United States where taxes are so low as in
this city of Washington, and there is not a city
where so little is done for the poor. There is
not a city for whose benefit the Government
lays out so much money as for this ; and yet,
in the face of that, and while this city makes
no appropriation at all for the poor, we are
asked to tax our constituents, who are much
more heavily taxed than the people here, that
we may relieve the people here from being
taxed for the support of their poor. Is that
just ?
Mr. COOK. I believe the fact to be that
the taxation is not exceptionally low. I admit
that the rate is low, but the valuation is high.
Mr. LAWRENCE. What is the rate ?
Mr. COOK The rate is seven and a half
cents, but the valuation is to the full amount
of the value of the property. As I have said,
the rate is low but the valuation is high.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will thegentleinanyield
I for another word ?
j Mr. COOK. I cannot yield further.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman is mis-
taken.
1 Mr. COOK. I do not think I am mistaken.
I find the valuation is made oil the full value
of the property in the city. But be that as it
may, I would say in reply to the other question
that I think it is practicable to introduce a law
establishing a pauper system in the District of
Columbia, and I would be in favor of it.
I desire that the people of the District of
Columbia shall have a government of their
own, and be represented by Delegates upon
this floor. I believe that will give them a bet-
ter government by far than they now have.
But, sir, while this is being done, I know from
my own personal observation that there are
hundreds of people here who will be dead and
buried before any provision for their aid can
be made in that way.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a suggestion?
Mr. COOK. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I have not risen for the pur-
pose of discussing this measure just now, but
merely to offer a suggestion. If this House
intends to pass a bill to relieve the poor of this
District I would say, instead of taking $30,000
and putting it in the hands of the mayor of
Washington and the mayor of Georgetown
without any knowledge of how it will be used—
I would suggest to the gentleman that he should
provide that the Secretary of War be required
to order the commissary to issue rations to
these people up to the amount of the $30,000,
and then there will be no danger of the money
being used for improper purposes. If the House
intends to pass a pauper bill, the principle of
which I do not recognize as correct, let them
pass a bill to feed the paupers, and not a bill
to be used for electioneering purposes. !
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is sound doctrine. 1
I go for that. j
Mr. COOK. This bill was prepared by the ]
Committee for the District of Columbia. There j
can certainly be no force in the suggestion made \
by my colleague. Of the commissioners whom !
it is proposed to appoint two are Democrats ;
and two Republicans. Those commissioners !
are the mayor of Washington, the mayor of 1
GfeOfgetbtth, the pf-fisidStit of the levy cbnrt.
and General O. O. Howard, and those four
men must concur in using this fund for any
electioneering purposes. I do not believe there
is any force in that objection.
Mr. LOGAN. I want my colleague to
understand that I do not say they are going to
use it for any such purposes ; but if the money
is to buy food the Government can buy food
a great deal cheaper than these gentlemen can
do it. The Government has got the food, and
let the Government, through its commissary
department, issue food every day in rations to
these people. Then the relief will be dealt out
honestly. That is what I propose.
Mr. COOK. I believe that no more proper
instruments could have been selected for the
distribution of this fund than the gentlemen
named in this bill. What have they been doing
here for the last month ? The Provident Aid
Society, the Freedmen's Aid Society, and the
Industrial Home School have been soliciting
from private charity the means by which these
people have been kept alive for months, moved
by the purest charity. No imputation is just
upon the men and women who are engaged in
supplying the needs of these paupers in the
cities of Washington and Georgetown. It is
not fair that they should be accused of improper
motives.
Mr. LOGAN. Inasmuch as the gentleman
insinuates that I cast imputations upon these
men he will allow me to say that I did no such
thing. I say that the way I propose is the sure
way to afford this relief. Inasmuch as the gen-
, tleman seeks to put me in a false position, if
he will allow me I will state what one of these
gentlemen said to me right on this floor. If
he desires to have it I will state it here. [Cries
of'' Let us have it." ] General Howard himself
told me he was sorry his name was in the bill.
He told me so sitting here in this Hall. I did
not intend to say it; but as my colleague says
I I am casting imputations on people I have
said it. I do not know why General Howard
, said it to me, but he did say it.
j Mr. COOK. Why, then, General Howard
I is the very best man that could be selected to
guard against any misappropriation of this
fund.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me a moment I will say that I can thor-
oughly understand why a gentleman of Gen-
eral Howard's character should desire to avoid
responsibility of this kind without his suppos-
ing there is anything improper in the measure
itself.
I rose, however, to reply to an argument
which has been presented here and which has
been repeated from year to year every time a
proposition of this kind has been made. It is
substantially this: let the people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia take care of their own poor.
Allow me to suggest that this District is pecu-
liarly situated, if we could have the ordinary
settlement laws enforced here so that the Dis-
trict should take care of and be charged only
with the poor that legitimately and properly
belong to it there might be something in that
argument. But that is not the case. The poor
here are those that float in from all parts of the
country, attracted by some mysterious charm
that there is about the capital that brings the
necessitous and the oppressed and the dis-
tressed here. They come here from every por-
tion of the country, and to charge the people
of this District with their care and support is
unjust; it is unfair; it is improper. It is a,
charge that belongs properly to the nation.
They are, in fact, the nation's poor. Buteven
supposing tliev are properly a charge upon the
people of this District—a charge which the
people of the District will not assume—yet we,
the Representatives of the nation, cannot afford
to see people suffering under the very eaves
of our Capitol, a spectacle to all who visit us
from abroad. We are obliged, in self-respect
and for the honor of the nation, to take care
of them, and see that they do not suffer.
I hope that this measure, ivhich is a small
