187a
TSB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2869
from Michigan asks unaaimoai consent to sake
gome remarks.
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas objects. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The question being put, the amendment wa 
declared not to be agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT called for the yeaa and nays j
and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Axbs answered to his name.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there is a misap-
prehension. I think we are all in favor of this
amendment I understand it meets the views
of the committee, and if we can have the vote
taken vtva voce again I have no doubt it will
be adopted.
Mr. RAMSEY. I presume the amendment
will be passed without objection if the question
is again put, without calling the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the call for the yeas and nays will be
withdrawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely rise to inquire
whether the committee are satisfied with this
amendment? It is difficult to understand it on
its reading.
Mr. HOWARD. _ As the chairnjan of the
committee I am satisfied with it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. If the Sen-
ator from Michigan accepts the amendment, I
have no objection to it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I insist on the roll-call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California insists on the roll being called. It
has been commenced and will be continued.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
call of the roll, and the result was announced—
yeas 88, nays 7; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Casserly. Chandler, Cole, Corbett,
Cragin, F'enton, Ferry, Fowler, Hulas, Harris,
llow&rd.Howe, Kellogg, McOreery.McDoaald, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Oiborn,
Patterson. Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Saulsbnry, Scott,'
Spencer, Sumner. Thayer, Trumbull, Willey, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—38.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Flanagan,
Hamilton of Texas, Nye, Robertson, and Stewart—7V
ABSENT — Alegars. Abbott, Carpenter, Cat tell,
Conkling, Davis, Drake. Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamlin, Howell, Johnston. Lewis,
Norton, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Ross. Sawyer, Sehuri,
Sherman, Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,
Vickers, and Warner—27.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I offer the following
amendment, to come in as a proviso after the
one just adopted:
Provided, That in the construction of the said rail-
road American iron and steel only shall be used,
the same to be manufactured from American ores
exclusively.
Mr. POMEROY. Jn the State of Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. CAMERON. No; I do not say in the
State of Pennsylvania j. in Kansas if you like.
I think the chairman of the committee will
accept this amendment
Mr. EDMUNDS. He cannot accept it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The chairman cannot
bind the Senate by accepting that. I object
to it.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is in the original
charter.
Mr. CAMERON. No; i£ is not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. Those in favor of the amendment will
say "ay;" those opposed to it, "no." [Putting
the question.] The noes appear to have it; the
noes have it; the amendment is not agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. No, Mr. President; allow
me a moment. This ie not exactly in the
clidrtsr
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Pennsylvania desires the yeas and nays,
he mast call for them when the Chair an-
nounces doubtfully that the ayes or the noes
-appear to have it.
-Mr. CAMERON. Then I will try th« amend-
ment again when the bill comes into the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be in
order.. The amendment is not agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the res-
olution by adding the following afa an additional
section:
And be ii further te*«heti. That Congress may at
any time alter or amend this joint resolution, hav-
ing duo regard to the rights of said company and any
other parties.
The amendment was agreed to.
The. joint resolution was exported to the
Senate, as amended, apd. the amendments,
made as in Committee of the Whole, were con-
curred in. ,
Mr. CAMERON. I now renew Ihe amend;
ment that I offered a moment ago; and I de-
sire to say a word ppon it.. I request the
attention of the Senate, for I. do not think any
man in the Senate who is disposed to reflect j
for a moment will object to it. j
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do not argue it against i
the understanding. i
Mr. CAMERON. I submitted the amend- ;
ment first to the chairman of the committee j
and he approved it. I wish simply to state j
the reason for it. In the original charter tbere
was a clause that the rails should be laid of
American iron; bat that was evaded in this
way: bad rails were broken up in England
and shipped to this country and rerolled at
small expense, and that is the cause of the
difficulties we have had on the Paeifio railroad.
Bad iron has been brought in here at a low
price, fraudulently, tuad against the .manufac-
turers of this country.. All I desire is that the
road shall be made of American rails, and
tho$e rails to be made out of the ores of the
country. I cannot sep how anybody who de- j
sires the prosperity of his own country can
object to it. It may be that the same machin-
ery, the same extra discipline by which the
joint resolution is sought to be carried through
will prevent the adoption, of .any amendment
except one offered by the chairman;. but I
have submitted this amendment to the chair-
man of the committee and it meets his ap-
proval.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to a question of.
order., ■ . , , ' ,
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator fro*
Pennsylvania will suspend; the Senator from.
Nevada rises to a point of order. '
Mr. STEWART. I rise to a question of
order. I suppose the agreement must be en-
forced by the Chair or l>y the Senate. The
agreement was that we should vote without
debate, at three o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated that the Senate unanimously agreed to
take the vote at three o'clock to-day without
further debate; but at the same, time the Chair
stated that it was not in the power of the Chair
to arrest any Senator from proceeding, if he
chose to do so, in violation of the agreement.
Mr. STEWART. Such agreements have
been enforced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Never by the
present occupant of the Chair.
Mr. STEWART. Well, they have been
enforced by the Senate, and I do not feel any
delicacy in enforcing this one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present occu-
pant of the Chair never attempted to enforce
such an agreement; it is. for the Senate tp
enforce it.
Mr. NYE. Ionly wish to say a single.word.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Do not.violata this under-
standing.
. Mr. NYE. I am not going tp violate any.
I am only going to say a single word. I wish
to ask the Senator from Pennsylvania if his
amendment is the subject for the Consideration
o£ which he wanted us to adjourn last night?
[Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. I will say that the result
of my reflections last night produced this
amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I hope the amendment will
prevail.
Mr. CAMERON and Mr. MORTON called
for the yeas and nays on the amendment; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 27, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler, Cragin, Fenton,
Flanagan, Fowler, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, How-
ard, Howe, McDonald, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Scott, Stewart.
Thayer, and Willey—27.
NAYS—Messrs. AmPSJ3ayard.Cf^serly, Colo, Cor-
bett, Perry, Kellogg, MeCreery, Pomeroy, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Saulsbury, Spencer, Sumner, Trumbull, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—18.
ABSENT-""
Conkling
ton of Mi . . ..
ston, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Norton, Pool, Ross. Sawyer, Sohurst, Sherman,
Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, v ickers, and
AVaruer—27.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time.
Mr. CASSERLY. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 40, nays 11 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Ames, Anthony, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Corbott, Cragin,
Fenton, Ferry. Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Ham-
lin, Harris, Howard, llowe. Kellogg. McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Revels, Rice,
Robertson, Sawyer. Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Trumbull-Williams, Wilson, and Yates—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly, Fow-
ler, Ilarlan, MeCreery, Morton, Pratt, Saulsbury,
Schurz, and Willey—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Carpenter, Cattell,
Conkling, Da vim, Drake, Edmunds, Gilbort, Hamilton
of Maryland, Howell, Johnston, Lewis, Popl, Ross.
Sherman, Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,
Vickers, and Warner—21.
. So the joint resolution was passed.
■ Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the title
of the joint resolution by adding ihe words
"and for other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
. OREGON INDIANS.
Mr. CORBETT submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by Unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
JRenolved, That theSecretaryoftho Interior inform
the Senate as to the condition of the Indians in
southeastern Oregon, their location, and what pro-
vision, if any, is necessary to bo made for their
establishment and support.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. , The next and
list special order is the bill (H. R. No. 086) to
abolish the franking privilege.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed with the consideration of that bill now,
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask tho Senator from
Minnesota to permit me how to offer the reso-
lution for a recess and evening session.
Mr. STEWART. Let us pass this franking
hill,at opce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan asks unanimous consent to submit a
resolution.
Mr. EDMUNt>S. , I ptyeot. . . \ -
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects to the proposition of the Sean
ator from Michigan.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to pass
over this special order, with a view of proceed-
ing to the consideration of House billNo. 974,
being the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator8
from Maine moves to pass over the special
order, leaving it in its place on the Calendar,
for the purpose of then proceeding to the con-
sideration of the appropriation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Tina bill to abolish the
franking privilege has been lying like a lion in
the path for a month past, and I mink we might
as well take it up now and dispose of it; and
then other business cati be proceeded with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
pass over is not debatable.
