1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4757
Iowa moves to strike out the last proviso in
the first section, in the following words:
jProvided, however. That the paid words "mineral
lands" shall not be understood to mean lands con-
taining coal or iron.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir; I move to strike
out those words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. When the surveyor sur-
veys a section of country he either marks it
"mineral" or not. He never marks it "iron "
or "coal," but it is either "mineral" or not
mineral; and we have made adistinction lately,
which is almost without a difference, saying
that coal and iron are not considered mineral
in the technical sense. The surveyor marks
them on the plat. I do not object to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa in this case.
Mr. RAMSEY. These mineral lands are
seldom segregated, are they? I think there is
no designation of them.
Mr. POMEROY. Coal lands in my State
are preempted at $1 25 an acre, like any other
lands, because the surveyor general has not
marked them on the plat. No one knew there
was any coal in the country; it is a prairie
country where the coal does not crop out.
Coal land is preempted like any other land, and
afterward the coal is found ; there are beds of
coal deep in the ground, but that does not
avoid the title.
Mr. HAItLAN. Not at all. If after this
company should get title they should discover
a mine of any kind they would continue to
hold it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill (H. R. No. 2045)
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses, is before the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope that will be passed
over.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill will lead to long
debate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think not. Let the Sen-
ate first see the evidence of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt it will
lead to debate, and I must insist on the tax
bill, especially as I cannot get a limitation of
debate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I must say to the Senator
from Ohio that he is rather harsh in insisting
on tlie rule this morning; but I suppose I must
yield to the tax bill.
IIOUSK DILLS REFERRED.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
at this time lay before the Senate for reference
some House bills which are on the table.
The bill (H. R. No. 2293) supplementary to
the several acts relating to pensions was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 351) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to examine
and adjust the accounts of the late collector of
the third and sixth collection districts of Mis-
souri was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 253) authorizing the
allowance of the claim of the State of Minne-
sota to lands for the support of a State uni-
versity was read twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. That bill has been hereto-
fore passed by the Senate, considered by the
Committee on Public Lands, and if there is no
objection I should like to put it on its passage
now. It is a bill reported by the Senator from
Indiana at the last Congress, (Mr. Hendricks,)
iiii'I with a very able renort accompli}ing it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there is ob-
jection or debate the Chair will withdraw this
b'll and proi-enf it to-morrow morning.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think there will be no
objection to the bill.
Mr. 1IA.UIj.VN". Does not this give to the
State of Minnesota i'lst double the usual quan-
;,!v?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It does not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot yield if this mat-
ter is to be debated.
ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
reserve this bill, the Senator from Ohio object-
ing to debate.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to the bill (H,
R. No. 2082) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1871, and for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
ORDNANCE FOR SOLDIERS' MONUMENTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the message of the House of Representatives
announcing its disagreement to the amendment
of the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No.
302) donating condemned ordnance for a sol-
diers' monument at Pouglikeepsie, New York.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate amendment
was one adopted on my motion, making the
donation a general one for soldiers' monu-
ments. I have no objection to receding from
it, so far as I am concerned.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
recede.
Mr. SHERMAN. I merely moved a gen-
eral amendment, so that the donation might be
applied to an association in Ohio, for which
the committee have reported a bill. Therefore
I am satisfied.
The motion to recede was agreed to.
TAX BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2045)
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses, the pending-question being on the motion
tcf strike out the sections relative to income tax.
Mr. SCOTT resumed and concluded his
speech commenced by him yesterday. [It is
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, I do
not suppose that I can add anything to the
argument of the Senator from Pennsylvania;
and yet I desire to state two or three facts that
have come under my observation, to show the
inequality of this income tax. The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] stated yesterday,
if I understood him, that the income tax was
the only one which equalized taxation.
I have a neighbor who one year paid tax on
an income, resulting mainly from his own ener-
gies, of $12,000. The next year he paid a tax
on an income of $8,000; making during the
two years a tax of five per cent, on $20,000,
being$1,000 which Impair! to the Government.
The next year, pursuing the same, business, he
lost $25,000. What, then, was his position?
What, then, was the equality with which the
income tax bore upon him? He had lost in
the three years $5,000, and in addition to that
$5,000, $1,000 more, which he had paid to the
Government as a tax under your income law.
Is that equality? I do not so understand it.
I know of another man, a neighbor of mine,
who paid one year a tax on an income of
S-5,000, and the next year he lost $30,000.
Take that man at the end of two years, and I
ask you, sir, or any one, whether he was taxed
equally with other men under this law?
Another objection thai I have to this law is,
that it requires every man at the end of the
year to leveal the fact whether he has or has
not made any money during the year. 1 know
that a good business man. a man who thor-
oughly understands his business and intends
to prosecute it judiciously, is very loath to re-
veal his condition. It is not for his interest to
do ?o. If lie is doing a good and profitable
business he does not want his neighbors to
know it, lest they should spring upon him a
competition which would destroy him. If he is
doiny jjn unprofitable business lor the prtsent.
year, and yet is struggling along in anticip;-1 ion
of profits in the future, he does not want that
fact known, lest it shall be an injury to his
credit. I have seen the time many and many
a day when I was dependent upon credit for
the prosecution of my business, and when it
would have been far better for me to pav a tax
on $5,000 or $10,000 than to fail in making a
return, as I should be required to do under this
law. That is theeffectof it uponhonest men.
It presses them to present an account which
shall be such as to'strengthen their credit—a
credit which is essential to them.
But there is another class of men who in the
same way are ready and willing to pay a tax
on an income which they never receive. You
know, sir, and I know, that there are many
men engaged in business whose great object is
to establish a credit and use that credit for the
moment, and then take advantage of any cir-
cumstances which may occur by which they
may deprive their creditors of their just dues.
I know of men who, in prosecuting their busi-
ness^ finding themselves in an embarrassed
condition, will not hesitate to return an income
under your law, if so be they are convinced it
would give them a credit, to enable them to
become_ more largely indebted to those who
confide in them. Thatis only another example
of the demoralizing influences of this law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
kill, of Vermont, in the chair.) The question
is on striking out the fifth and sixth sections
of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
yeas and nays upon that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. Before the vote is taken
I wish to say one word. I shall vote to strike
out these sections. I shall do so, not because
this is the only tax on property levied in the
United States. I do not so consider it. I
believe it will be found that the effect of this
tax is the effect of all other taxes in the end ;
it comes down upon the consumer. It may be
illustrated ina number of ways. You compel
a man whose income is derived from the rents
of houses to pay an income tax, and he will,
just as certainly as he rents houses at all, in-
crease the price for which he rents them on
account of the tax which you have imposed.
If you compel a merchant to pay an income
tax derived from his business as a merchant,
he must put that into his expense account, and
he must charge an additional price for his
goods. And so on with every person almost
who pays an income tax. I do not say that
they always get reimbursed ; but the bulk of
the tax at last falls, not upon their shoulders,
but upon the shoulders of some one else.
That being the case, it will not do to say that
this is simply a tax on property, and that
the laboring people of the country are not at
all interested in it. It falls on labor in the
end, no matter how it is levied.
Mr. BAYARD addressed the Senate in re-
marks which will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, we have
heard much clamor in this country for the last
four or five years in regard to the taxation of
the United Stales bonds. There is but one
tax that has reached United States bonds ; and
we find that the distinguished representatives
of the party who have been demanding the
taxation ot United States bonds continually
are now quite unanimous for the repeal of the
only tax that reached those bonds. The Sen-
ator from Delaware has just expressed the
opinion that while he will vote to repeal the
income tax, which does fall to a certain extent
upon the income derived from United States
bonds, he is anxious to tax these bonds di-
rectly, in violation of what the most of us under-
stand to be the contract, in violation of the
understanding with which the holders bought
them.
Mr. L5AYARD. Will the honorable Sen-
ator rend (lie contract to which refers?
Mr. MOR I UN. 1 do not think it is neccs-
sai.V to re;i'S the law dealing these bonds. It.
is we!' nnde'^to'.'d bv the whole co'.jntiv.
