1870,
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that was offered by the Senator from Indiana
Ids rsctcl
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Witxey
in the chair.) The amendment will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That so much of the act
entitled "An act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Aripy for the year ending June 30.1868,
and for other purposes," approved Maroh g, 1S67, as
prohibits the organization, arming, or calling into
service of the militia force in the State of Georgia,
bo, and the same is, hereby repealed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, in report-
ing this bill back from the Judiciary Commit-
tee as it came from the House of Representa-
tives it comes with the conditions which have
been imposed Jjy Congress upon two other-
States—Virginia and Mississippi. The opinion
of a majority of the Judiciary Committee, and
my own opinion on the subject of fundamental
conditions, is well known. We wore opposed
to them upon, the other bills admitting Vir-
ginia and Mississippi to representation, and I
am still of opinion that fundamental condi-
tions of this character ought; not be adopted;
but after the Senate had twice decided to
impose them the committee, which is but an
organ of the Senate, did not feel at liberty
farther to persist in reporting to amend by
striking them out, and I shall feel at liberty,
when the final question shall be taken upon
admitting the State of Georgia to representa-
tion, to vote as I did on the other bills to which
I have referred.
There is also another provision annexed to
this bill wbieh was not attached to the other
acts admitting the other States. That pro-
vision, which is the first proviso, declares :
Provided, That nothing iu this aot contained shall
be construed to vacate any of the offices no\y tilled
iu the State of Georgia, either by the election of the
people or hy the appointment of tho Governor there-
of, by and with the advice and consent of tho senate
of said State; neither shall this act be oonsuued to
extend the official term of any officer of said State
beyond the term limited by theeonstitution thereof,
dating from the election or appointment of such
officer; x or to deprive the people of Georgia of the
right, under their constitution, to elect senators and
representatives of the State of Georgia in tho year
1870; but said olection shall be held in the year 1870.
either on the day named in the eonsti,tution_of said
State or such other day as the present Legislature
may designate by law.
The committee reported in favor of retaining
this clause. Before proceeding to speak par-
ticularly as to the necessity of the proviso
which f have just read, afid the reason for its
retention in the bill, I wilt give as succinctly
as I can a short history of this Georgia case.
It is some time since wo began this recon-
struction policy, and several laws have been
passed upon the subject. It is unnecessary to
go back lurther, however, than to the action of
the State of Georgia under the various recon-
struction acts of Congress by which she adopted
a State constitution. This constitution, under
the acts of Congress providing for the recon-
struction of that as well as other rebel States,
was submitted to a vote of the people of the
Slate of Georgia April 20, 1868, nearly two
years ago, and by them ratified. At the same
time that the constitution was submitted to the
people of that State for ratification they were
authorized to choose a Governor and a Legis-
lature and other officers, which they did.
After the adoption of that constitution, m
April, 1868, the Congress of the United States
passed upon it in an act which is entitled >lAn
actto admit the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida to representation in Congress.'' This
act was passed on the 25th day of June, 1868,
and it recites in its preamble, lcavipg out the
other States:
"Whereas the people of Georgia, in pursuance of
the provisions of an act entitled 'An act for the more
efficient government of the rebel states, passed
March 2, 1867, aud the acts supplementary thereto,
havo framed a constitution ot btate government
which is republican, and have adopted &aiu consti
tation by a large majority of the votes east at the
election hold for the ratification or rejection of ihc
same; Therefore,
"Resolved"—
You will observe, Mr, President that this
preamble, from which I have omitted the other
States which are embraced in it, for brevity's
sake, declares that Georgia, under your vari-
ous reconstruction acts,has framed a "consti-
tution of State government which is repub-
lican," and has adopted that constitution
" by a large ©ajority of the votes cast attlie elec-
tion." The act then proceeds to declare—
" That each of the States of North Carolina. South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and JJlorida,
shall be entitled and admitted to representation irx
Congress as aState of the Union when the legislature
of said State shall havo duly ratified the amendment
to the Constitution of the United States proposed
by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known as article
fourteen, upon the following conditions."
The act then proceeds to make it "the
duty of the President of the United States,
within ten days after receiving official inform-
ation of the ratification of said amendment by
the Legislature of either of said States, to
issue a proclamation announcing the fact."
Georgia was also required, in addition to
ratifying this amendment, to strike out of
her constitution certain clauses which wore
regarded as in conflict with the Constitution
of the United States. One of the clauses pro-
hibited a suit from being brought upon any
debt which had accrued prior to the 1st day
of June, 1865—manifestly an unconstitutional
provision. The provision was this:
" No court in this State shall have jurisdiction to
try or determino any suit against any resident ot
this Stale upon any contract or agreement made or
implied, or upon any contract made in renewal of
any debt existing prior to tho 1st day of Juue, 1865."
That and another provision of like char-
acter were required by this act of June -2G,
1868, to be stricken from the constitution.
Each of these States ratified the fourteenth
amendment, and the President of the United
States made proclamation of the fact; and the
Legislature of Georgia, as her constitution
authorized it to do, also struck out from her
constitution, in compliance with the act of
Congress, these unconstitutional provisions, of
which also the President of the United States
made proclamation; and this act declared that
each of these States should be entitled to rep-
resentation when these conditions were com-
plied with. All the other States—those of
North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Alabama, and Florida—after having complied
with this act by the ratification of the fourteenth
amendment, as required, and after proclama-
tion of that fact had been made' by the Presi-
dent as required, sent their Representatives to
the other House and their Senators to this
body, and they were admitted to their seats
without any further legislation and without
objection.
The State of Georgia sent her_ Representa-
tives ajso, v/ho were admitted in the other
House to their seats, the act having been com-
plied with which declared that State, as well
as the others, entitled to representation. Sen- :
a tors were not elected by the Legislature of
Georgia in time to reach Congress before its ,
adjournment iu July, 1868. The election took !
plate some day, the precise dale 1 do not now
remember, in the latter part of July, and Con-
gress adjourned during the same month. But
the members from the House, having been
clected at the April election, did arrive here
in time, presented their credentials, they were
referred to the Committee of Elections in the
House of Representatives, the committee re-
ported that Georgia had complied with the act
of June 25,1868, in the same manner as North
Carolina, South Carolina, and the other States,
and was entitled to representation ; and there-
upon the members took their seats and sat to
the end of that Congress.
Ia the mean time, after this action had taken
place and Georgia had ratified the fourteenth
amendment, and the military authorities had
been withdrawn from that State, and the control
of the State was turned over to its Governor
and its Legislature, the Legislature convened
on the 4th day oi July, and I think it contin-
ued in session until some time iu September.
When the Legislature assembled there were in
each branch some colored members, who par-
ticipated in the ratification of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States and in all its proceedings during the
nionths of Julyahd August and until same time-
in September, when a question was raised as to
their eligibility on account of their color. Th,9
Legislature decided that they were ineligible,
deprived them of their seat.?, $nd proceeded
to ipsj^U in tjieir places the persqns wbo bad,
received the next highest number Qf Wes,i
minority canclidates. * 1
1 ought to have stated that when the legis-
lature first organized, General 'Meade, -^ho
was then in command of that military district,
declared that no person who was constitution-
ally ineligible upder the third section of the
fourteenth amendment was entitled to a seat jp
the Legislature, and he refused to recognize the
Legislature as properly organized until it should
institute an inquiry and ascertain whether any
of the members were obnoxious to that clause
of the Constitution of the United States, ijach
house appointed committees upon that subject,
and those committees reported that some per-
sons were ineligible. There were two or three
reports, majority and minority reports; but
each House finally decided that all the sitting
members were entitled to their seats. This
occurred in July, before General Moade would
recognize 1h'e Legislature as properly organ-
ized. On being informed of the decision of
each branch of the Legislature he announced
the fact to the headquarters of the Army, stat-
ing that the Legislature was organized. Gov-
ernor Bullock was thereupon duly inaugurated
as Governor of the State, and the Legislature,
as I have already stated, proceeded to legislate
until some time in September, when the ques-
tion arose with regard to the colored members
and they were expelled.
Subsequently Messrs. Hill and Miller, who
had been elected by the Legislature to seats in
this body in July, and before the colored mem-
bers were expelled, presented their credentials
here. When their credentials were presented
they were referred to tho Committee on the
Judiciary. And as very much has been said
in the various documents which have been laid
before the committee in regard to the report
made in that case, I desire to call the attention
of the Senate for one moment to the report.
The report concluded with a resolution—I
have it here before me—which reads in these
words, it being on Mr. Hill's credentials alone ;
"That Mr. Hill is not now entitled to bo admitted
to his seat in tho Senate."
The report was drawn up by one of my col-
leagues upon the committee, the Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] and his reasoning has
been quoted as the opinion of the committee.
The reasoning of it never was agreed to by
the committee. Nothing was agreed to except
the resolution that "Mr. Hill is not now enti-
tled" to his seat. One member of the commit-
tee [Mr. Conklixg] attached to it this state-
ment ;
"I concur in the conclusion of tho report, that
Mr. llill ought not to be admitted, and agree that
the report be made. KOSCOJE C0NKL1NG.'
Another, Senator at that time on the com-
mittee, notnowamemberofthisbody, attached
to that report this statement:
" X eoneur in the conclusion ofthoreport, thatMr.
Hill ought not now to be admitted, and agree that
the report be made. ^ ERELINGHUYgEN,,
There are two members of the committee
who dissented from the reasoning of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, which has been quoted over
the country and before the committee as if it
was the opinion of the Judi'eiary Committee.
You will observe that neither of these two
Senators agreed to it. I made a minori-y
report, disagreeingwifofo, which appears neie.
That makes three members of the committee.
Mr. Hendricks, then the Senator from Indi-
ana, was also upon the committee, and he dis-
agreed to it and so stated in the Senate, -..o
