1926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
that the reasoning of this report never had the
sanction of but three out of the seven mem-
bers comprising the committee. The reso-
lution that Mr. Hill was not then entitled to
his seat had a majority, and a majority also
took occasion to repudiate the reasoning of
the report as it was made. I state this so that
there may be no misunderstanding as to the
action of the committee at that time. The
Senate never acted on the report at all; it
took no action upon it whatever, much less
did Congress ever agree to it. The report was
made and that was the end of the matter. It
was never called up for consideration.
So the matter stood, Mr. President, until
December last, when another act was passed
in regard to the State of Georgia. The occa-,
sion, I take it, for the passage of this act in
December last was the expulsion from the
Georgia Legislature of the colored members
and the seating in their places of minority can-
didates. Those were the main reasons. There
were also allegations that certain members of
the Legislature were ineligible, under the third
section of the fourteenth amendment; but Con-
gress took no action in regard to that, and the
House of Representatives admitted the mem-
bers notwithstanding those allegations, which
were made at the time ; and it was not until
after this expulsion of the colored members
from the Legislature and the seating in their
places of minority candidates that any action
was taken by Congress. The expulsion of the
colored members was contrary, as the supreme
court of Georgia decided, to the constitution
of Georgia. Congress felt justified in Decem-
ber last, in consequence of this act of the
Georgia Legislature in expelling these colored
members and putting others in their places, to
pass another act, which is the act to which I
now call attention.
It will bo observed that this act passed the
22d of December last is not an act placing
Georgia under a provisional government at all;
but it is an act providing for the reorganization
of the Legislature. For what purpose? There
was no other object in this act, and Congress
had nothing else in contemplation than to purge
the Legislature of such members as were dis-
qualified by the fourteenth amendment, and to
reseat the colored men who had been illegally
expelled. That was the object of this act, not
to overturn the government of Georgia, but
simply to accomplish those two objocts. Now,
let us see how that was to be done. The first
section of the act directed the Governor of the
State to do a certain thing:
"That tho Governor of tho State of Georgia bo,
and hereby is, authorized and diroctcd, forthwith,
by proclamation, to summon all persons eleotodto
tho (xeneral Assembly ot said State, as appears by
tho proclamation of Goorgo G. Meade, tho general
commanding the military district including tho Stato
of Georgia, dated Juno 2o, 18G8, to appear on some
day certain, to bo named in said proclamation, at
Atlanta, in said Stato; and thoroupon tho said Gen-
eral Assembjy of said Stato shall proceed to perfect
its organization m conformity with tho Constitution
and laws of tho United States according to the pro-
visions of this act."
What was to be done? Tho act is specific.
1 he Governor of the State—not the provisional
governor, but the Governor of the State—is
required by proclamation to summon certain
persons. Whom? Those persons declared by
Major General Moade to have been elected to
the Legislature. Could the Governor summon
anybody else, persons not declared to have
been elected, or minority candidates? Clearly
not. He was notified whom to summon, and
those persons so summoned were to appear on
a certain day m Atlanta.' And what then were
they to do ? They were to proceed and perfect
the organization of the Legislature. The Gov-
ernor had but one duty to perform. He was
to issue this proclamation to certain persons
designated in the law, to assemble at a certain
time; and they, when they got together, were
to perfect their organization. And how were
they to do it? The law answers:
■^'^rn^ri%nJbo ambers so elected to said Senate
a.nu House of Representatives shall be convened, as
aforesaid; each and every member and each and
every person claiming to be elected as a member of
said Senate or House of Representatives, shall, in
addition to taking the oath or oaths required by the
constitution of Georgia, also take and subscribe and
file in the office of the secretary of State of the State
ofGeorgiaoneof the following oaths or affirmations."
Then the form of the oath is given. After
these members of the Legislature meet they are
to proceed to perfect their organization by
taking the oath in the words prescribed in the
law. What then ? If any person takes this
oath falsely "he shall be deemed guilty of
peijury;" and then the law goes on to pre-
scribe what the punishment shall be, and says
in what court the party shall be tried. If a
member of the Legislature takes this oath
falsely the act says he shall be subject to in-
dictment in the district or circuit court of the
United States for the district of Georgia, and
on conviction shall be punished as prescribed
by the act. Is this not very plain ? The act
then provides that those who do not take the
oath, who neglect or refuse to do so, shall not
be entitled to take seats in the Legislature;
and then, in order to guard against any inter-
ference on the part of anybody with this Legis-
lature, Congress carefully—and this act seems
to have been drawn with great care—declares
in the fifth section, "that if any person"—
now, mark the language, "any person"—
"That if any person shall by force, violonee, or
fraud, willfully hinder or interrupt any person or
persons elected as aforesaid from taking either of
tho oaths or affirmations proscribed by this act, or
from participating in the proceedings of said senate
or house of representatives, after having taken one
of said oaths or affirmations, and otherwise complied
with this act, he shall bo doomed guilty of a felony,
and may bo tried, convicted, and punished therefor
by the circuit or district oourt of the United States
lor tho district of Georgia, iu which district said
ofl'onso shall bo ooinmittod; and shall bo punished
thorofor by imprisonment at hard labor for not less
than two nor more than ton years, in tho discretion
of tho court, and tho jurisdiction of said courts shall
be solo and exclusive for tho purpose aforesaid."
This fifth section was inserted for the very
purpose of preventing anybody from interfer-
ing with the organisation of this Legislature
in the mode that Congress had prescribed. It
imposes a severe penalty against any one who
should violate this clause of the statute. The
next section declares—
"That it is hereby declared that the exclusion of any
person or persons electod as aforesaid, and bo ing
otherwise qualified, from participation in tho pro-
ceedings of said sonato or houso of representatives,
upon the ground of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of scrvitudo, would bo illogal and revolution-
ary, and is hereby prohibited."
That is for the purpose of reseating the col-
ored members who had been expelled. The
seventh section declares—
"That upon tho application of the Governor of
Georgia tho Prosidont of tho Unitod States shall
employ such military or naval forces of the United
States as may bo nocessary to enforce and oxocute
the preceding provisions of this act."
And tho last section, the eighth, declares—
" That tho Legislature shall ratify tho fifteenth
amendment proposed to tho Constitution of tho Uni-
ted States before Senators and Kenresentativosfrom
Georgia aro admitted to seats in Congress."
I wish Senators to observe that theie is not
one word in this statute requiring the Legisla-
ture of Georgia to ratify the fourteenth amend-
ment, because that had been ratified by the
Legislature in 1868, and had been so pro-
claimed ; there is not one word in this act of
December last requiring the Legislature to
repudiate those unconstitutional provisions of
her State constitution which prohibited the col-
lection. of debts, because they had been repu-
diated by the Legislature in July, 1868, the
colored men taking part in that repudiation.
Now, sir, I have laid before you the act of
December last. It is plain, it is specific, it
is direct, and it amounts only to this: that
certain men were to assemble, being the per-
sons declared elected to the Legislature by
General Moade, and when they assembled to- i
gether on a day to be fixed by the Governor of j
the State they were to take a certain oath, and
if any one took that oath falsely he was to be ji
guilty of perjury ; if any declined to take the i|
oath they were to be refused seats in the Legis-
lature ; and those thus convened, includingthe
colored members, were to organize; and if
anybody, no matter who, interfered with the
organization of that Legislature, he was to be
subject to a penitentiary offense.
Now, could a statute be more clearly drawn
than that is; and yet, Mr. President, what
occurred ? Why, sir, the Governor of the State
of Georgia went home aud issued his procla-
mation for the members of the Georgia Legis-
lature to assemble, who had been declared
elected by General Meade, and when they got
together how were they met? We have before
us the evidence to show, and ,it is uncontra-
dicted and admitted all around, that when they
went to the place of assembling they found
there a Mr. Harris, not a member of the Legis-
lature, but an employ6 upon some of the rail-
roads of the State, armed with authority from
the Governor of the State to organize that
Legislature. No one was allowed to be sworn
and take the oath prescribed unless by bis per-
mission, and he swore in others in his discretion.
He adjourned the Legislature from day to day
without any vote, without any motion, and con-
tinued to control its proceedings without the
consent of a single member. All this was done
by order of Governor Bullock, sanctioned by
the military commander.
1 should like to know if there is any Senator
here who thinks that was not an interference
with this Legislature. I should like to inquire
if there is any Senator here who justifies that
action, no matter what the result may be,
whether right or wrong, with this statute be-
fore him, "That if any person shall by force,
violence, or fraud, willfully hinder or interrupt
any person or persons elected as aforesaid from
taking either of the oaths" he shall be guilty
of a penal offense? Can any one justify a third
party, an outsider, going in, and sustained by
the Governor and by military authority, refus-
ing to swear any members at his discretion ?
But this is not all. He not only refused to
swear the members who were entitled to be
sworn, but men were prevented from coming
forward aid taking the oath. On this point I
will read the affidavit of Mr. Penland, who was
elected a member of the Legislature. 1 wish
the Senate to hear his affidavit, as ho is one of
the members who was prevented from taking
part in the organization of this Legislature by
the improper interference of an officer of Gov-
ernor Bullock:
Statu op Georgia, pulton County.
I, John H. Penland, ropresentative-elect from the
county 01 Union, do solemnlyswear that X appeared
in the city of Atlanta, on the 10th day of January
last, in obedience to the proclamation of his Excel-
lency Governor Bullock, for the purpose and with
the intention of qualifying under the late actof Con-
gress as a member of tho Legislature, loeling that I
could conscientiously take tho oath first in order
named in said act, and should have proceeded at
onoe to qualify underpaid act, but from tho following
facts: I was o,pproached near tho door of the repre-
sentative hall by asecretaryofthcexeoutive depart-
ment, and told that if I proceeded to take tho oath
that I would certainly bo prosecuted at onco for per-
jury. I was at the sametimo and by thesame party
informed that iff would omitthotakingof the oath
and sign an application for pardon already drawn
up m blank, asking Congress to remove my disabili-
ties, that 1 would be relieved in from five to ten days,
and permitted to take my seat as amember. Under
the influence of fright and anxiety to avoid the an-
noy ance of a criminal prosecution, although perfectly
satisfied that I had no disabilities under thelawand
ieehng that I could fully and freely take the oath,
I nevertheless signed said application. I am now
sixty-rune years of ago, and neverhadasuitincourt
in my lite, and was induced to omit taking the oath
mentioned simply for thepurpose of avoiding a crim-
inal prosecution, and not from any sense of guilt or
want oi ability to take the oath, and am now, after
reflection and due deliberation,ready and willing to
take and subscribe said oath in terms of the act.
JOHN H. PENLAND.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, this 14th day
of February, 1870.
THOMAS SPENCER, J. P.
Was this not interference, for an officer of
the Executive to meet one of the representa-
tives of the people as he entered the house of
representatives and tell him that if he took
the oath he would be indicted for perjury, but
