2870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays upon it.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has pri-
ority. The Senator from Maine moves to pass
over the special order, leaving it on the Calen-
dar, for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of the appropriation bill, pending
which the Senator from Alabama moves that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 25, noes 20.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think we had better have
the yeas and nays. Let us see who wants to
dodge the franking question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Maine
says that those who vote to go into executive
session wish to dodge the bill for the abolition
of the franking privilege. I am in favor of
that bill, and intend to vote for it; but lam
going to vote now to go into executive session.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 21; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Caaserly, Cor-
bett, Davis, Fenton, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Howard, Kellogg, Mc-
Creery, Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Norton, Pratt,
Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury, ischurz, Spencer, Sum-
ner, and Yates—28. i
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Chandler, Cole, Cragin. ;
Edmunds, Ferry, Hamlin, Harris, Howe, Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sawyer,
Stewart, Thayer, Trumbull, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Carpenter, Cattell,
Coskling, Drake. Flanagan, Gilbert, Howell, John-
ston, Lewis, McDonald, Osborn, Pool, Rice,' Ross,
Seott, Sherman, Sprague, Stoekton, Thurman, Tip-
ton, Vickers, and Warner—23.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After two hours spent in executive
session the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. *
Thursday, April 21, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. W. E. Parson.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. BUf*FINTON. I desire to have the
Journal of the House corrected. They have
me recorded as not voting on the first vote taken
yesterday on the election of Mr. Sypher. I
voted "no."
The SPEAKER. The correction will be
made.
The Journal, as corrected, was approved.
OROSR OF BUSINESS.
Mr, DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I have received
a note from the chairman of the Committee of
WayB and Means [Mr. Schenck] stating that
be is not well to-day, and will not be able to
go on with the tariff bill. I propose, therefore,
after the morning hour to go into Committee
Of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
to take up and dispose of the Navy appropria-
tion bill or the diplomatic appropriation bill,
aad perhaps both of them.
JOHN wilson.
Mr. CAKE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Accounts to report back the resolution
referred to that committee in regard to the
elaim of John Wilson, and to ask that it be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. Let it be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
. Mr. CAKE. It has already passed the Com-
mittee of Claims. Their report being made, it
was referred to the Committee on Accounts.
We now ask that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. I think the Committee on
Accounts have declined very properly to have
it paid out of the contingent fund. The Com-
mittee of Claims have charge of these matters,
and let them report a bill to pay it in the
ordinary way. I move that it be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
hope not. I have seen it every session I have
been in Congress, for some eight or ten years,
and I do not desire to see it again.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the whole
thing so as to pay the elaim out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution before the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
Retohed, That the Clerk of the House pay to John
' Wilson, out of the contingent fund of the House, in
| full satisfaction for his services in superintending
i and preparing the maps of the public land States
ordered by resolution of the House of May 4, 1848,
the sum of $3,600, the said John Wilson having been
employed in said duty from 4th of May, 1848, to 14tb
of January. 1852.
The SPEAKER. This is a House resolu-
tion, and the Chair cannot entertain the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. It should not go to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. CULLOM. Let it be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that it be recom-
mitted to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON moved toreconsider the vote
by which the resolution was referred to the
Committee of Claims; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tennessee! loyalists.
Mr. STOKES. I ask unanimous consent to
present a memorial signed by a large number
of true loyal men of Carroll county, Tennes-
see, setting forth the condition of the country
and asking for relief at the hands of Congress.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That can be
done under the rules.
Mr. STOKES. I ask to present it in open
House. It is the first time 1 have asked such
a faver.
Mr. WOOD. I object. Let it come in under
the rules.
IMPROVEMENT OF MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I ask unan-
imous consent to submit the following resolu-
tion:
Jietolvtd, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish this House with a copy of the report of
Amos Stickney, captain of engineers United States
Army, to Brigadier General (1. K. Warren, dated
July 2,1869, on the improvement of the Mississippi
river from Fort Snelling to the Falls of St. Anthony.
Mr. STOKES. Unanimous consent was
refused to me. I object, and call for the regu-
lar order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That is a
good idea.
LOUISIANA ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the unfinished business of yesterday,
being the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] on which tellers
were ordered on seconding the demand for the
previous question. The Clerk will again report
the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Ketofatd, That the Speaker of th e House be directed
to inform the Governor of the State of Louisiana
that there is a vacancy in the representation from
that State in the first congressional district thereof.
Mr. KERR. I withdraw tho resolution.
Mr. STEVENSON. I renew it for the pur-
pose of moving to refer it to the sub-Commit-
tee of Elections which had the case in charge,
and upon that motion I wish to be heard for a
few minutes, I propose to givf very briefly my
reasons for making this motion, and then to
call the previous question, not desiring to take
up the time of the House unnecessarily.
After the extraordinary, conflicting results
reached in the two cases already reported from
the State of Louisiana, it becomes this House to
consider where we are and what we propose to
do. It is not for me to reproach any member
of the House for having differed from me. I
claim to act in all these matters impartially,
without fear, favor, or affection. I hope all
others do the same. I am willing to believe
they do, and I should be ashamed of myself
and of my associate members of this House if
I could believe otherwise. It has been charged
on this floor that the case of Sypher was affected
by the supposed opinion of that gentleman on
the question of the tariff. I do not believe
that. The only testimony elicited to sustain
this charge came from one who overheard cer-
tain talk and did not understand it. It is sel-
dom that a man listening or looking through a
key-hole hears or sees all that passes within ;
but I do believe that if the result was affected
in any way at all by the supposed status of the
gentleman on that question it was affected
adversely to him.
Mr. BOYD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a point
of order. The resolution, as I understand it,
instructs the Speaker to inform the Governor
of Louisiana that there is a vacancy in the rep-
resentation from that State. I do not think that
the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio are
pertinent to that matter, and I therefore submit
that they are not in order.
The SPEAKER. Great latitude was given
to debate yesterday when the same resolution
was offered by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerb.] The Chair, therefore, does not
teel called upon, under the circumstances, to
enforce the rule very strictly, especially as the
gentleman has stated that he only proposes to
occupy the floor for a very few moments.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not propose to
6nter at length into this matter or any collateral
matter; but I wish this declaration to go forth
from me against what I believe to be slanders
against members on this floor. I have no par-
tiality for the gentleman accused, whom I re-
gard as a fanatic for protection. If I have any
partiality in the matter as between the two sec-
tions on my side of the House on that question
I should be classed rather with the liberal men.
If, Mr. Speaker, the truth is ever fully known
about that case it will be found that if any
improper influences operated at all they oper-
ated adversely to Mr. Sypher by caucus and by
combination. But I do not charge any improper
influences. I want simply to caution the Honse
as to its future action on cases like this. We
are to report three more cases from the State
of Louisiana, cases in principle precisely like
this. We have acted already upon a case in
principle identical with the Sypher case. No
man can draw the distinction of a hair in legal
principle between the cases of Sheldon and
Sypher. Not in one iota do they differ.
The learned gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] who was so active in both—in one in
favor of Sheldon, and in the other against
Sypher—would rack his brain and probe his
conscience in vain to find a particle of distinc-
tion. Neither would he find much comfort in
the figures. According to the full returns,
official and unofficial, there was a majority for
Hant against Sheldon of 10,615. And yet
the gentleman from Ohio advocated and voted
for the admission of Sheldon. The majority,
according to the official returns, for St. Martin
against Sypher was 9,614, less than the majority
of Hunt over Sheldon. And yet the same
gentleman opposed by argument and vote the
claim of Sypher.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think I must raise
a point of order. A discussion as to the vote
for Sypher or the vote for St. Martin haa noth-
ing to do with this resolution to inatruct the
Speaker to inform the Governor of Louisiana
that ft vac*Qcy exist*, J think it my duty tq
