982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
matter to the Treasury, will not meet with
opposition.
M r. VOOR HEES. Will the gent leman yield
for a moment?
Mr. COOK. I desire to finish what I was
saying, and then I will yield the floor. This
bill provides that this fund shall be distributed
through the agency of certain societies in the
city of Washington. Those societies hare
shown themselves to be the proper agencies
for the distribution of this fund, from the fact
that, for months past they have been soliciting
and distributing private charity among the
poor of this city.
Mr. MORGAN. I would like to ask a ques-
tion of the gentleman.
Mr. COOK. Very well.
Mr. MORGAN. I want to know by what
right, under the Constitution, it is proposed to
impose a tax upon the people of Ohio for the
purpose of supporting the paupers of the Dis-
trict of Columbia? And I would ask, further,
if this is a part of the system of economy,
retrenchment, and reform which has been
promised on the part of this Administration ?
Mr. COOK. The right to pass this bill
arises under that provision of the Constitution
which gives to Congress the exercise of exclu-
sive legislative control over this District; and
the providing for the starving and suffering
poor of this District is a proper and legitimate
exercise of that legislative power. There is no
body of men that has that power if we have not.
As to this being a part of the system of econ-
omy promised the people, I hold that it is not
economy to permit in the streets of our national
capital old men and women, whose lives have
been spent in slavery, whose children have been
taken away from them and sold to the South
never to return, to perish from absolute starva-
tion. God deliver me from any such economy
as that 1
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me to offer an amendment to which I am sure
he will not object ?
Mr. COOK. I cannot yield to any amend-
ment. I desire, Mr. Chairman, to make another
statement. I remember when in the very crisis
of our struggles during the late war, when we
were struggling to maintain the national life,
a proposition was made to send food to the
starving people in Ireland, and we freighted a
ship and sent it across the ocean with food for
the people of Ireland, who were not suffering
more than are hundreds of people suffering
to-day in the streets of this national capital.
And many of the gentlemen who voted for that
proposition are to be found to-day with consti-
tutional scruples against relieving the wants of
the starving people of this city. I remember,
too, when we appropriated a very large sum of
money—much larger than is asked for by this
bill, many times more—for the relief of the
starving Indians upon the plains, who had no
claims upon us except that they were human
beings and were starving.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to ask one more
question of the gentleman.
Mr. COOK. No, sir; I decline to yield
for any more questions. We made that appro-
priation for the Indians, not as a matter of jus-
tice and right, but as a matter of charity; and
we have also appropriated, by the aid of some
gentlemen who are now questioning me and
raising constitutional objections to this bill,
food for starving rebels.
I now move that the committee rise for the
purpose of closing debate.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman will
allow my proposition to be read at the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I also ask to have an
amendment read which I desire to offer.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My point of order is
that this bill must be read by sections for
amendment before we pass from its consider-
ation in Committee of the Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of ordef. It is competent for the Com-
mittee of the Whole to rise at any time.
Mr. COOK. I move that the committee now
rise and report this bill to the House.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not want to debate this
bill, or to make any factious opposition to it;
but my colleague [Mr. Cook] is not disposed
to allow us to debate it at all. I am as willing
as he is to aid and feed starving people. I have
as much sympathy for the poor old slave as he
has. I did as much to free the slaves as he
did. I am as ready to feed them as he is.
But I am not ready "to vote money to be put
in the hands of anybody for that purpose.
Now, sir, I shall offer, if the House will
allow me, a proposition that has a great deal
more charity in it than this bill. It is a prop-
osition that the Secretary of War be instructed
to issue rations to the poor people of Washing-
ton city until otherwise ordered by the Presi-
dent. That is my proposition and there is no
robbery in it.
Mr. COOK. I move that the committee rise.
Mr. LOGAN. I have had a little timeyielded
to me, and I am not yet through. I hope gen-
tlemen will not be m such a hurry to get a
chance to vote on this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] will understand that his
colleague [Mr. Cook] has moved that the com-
mittee rise. If the gentleman is speaking to
that motion the Chair will entertain the debate,
but no further.
Mr. LOGAN. I am speaking upon the ques-
tion as to whether the committee shall rise. I
say that there ought to be an opportunity to
offer amendments to this bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a point of
order. I submit that the motion that the com-
mittee rise is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The question is on the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] that
the committee rise.
On the motion there were—ayes 68, noes 76.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. KNOTT obtained the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Knott] has been recognized.
Mr. LOGAN. I am very much obliged to
the Chairman for his courtesy toward me.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois will bear in mind that as the gentleman
from Kentucky is a member of the Committee
for the District of Columbia, it is the duty of
the Chair to recognize him in preference to
gentlemen who are not tnembers of the com-
mittee.
Mr. LOGAN. Perhaps the gentleman from
Kentucky will yield to me. I was making some
remarks which I would be very glad to finish.
Mr. KNOTT. How much time does the
gentleman want?
Mr. LOGAN. Not very long.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Kentucky yield to the gentleman from
Illinois?
Mr. KNOTT. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. I am very much obliged to
the gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. How long a time does
the gentleman from Kentucky yield ?
Mr. LOGAN. We will arrange that between
us hereafter. I do not want to occupy much
time. The Chairman need not be so impatient.
I trust I shall not disgust him with what I shall
say.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am very much obliged
to the gentleman from Kentucky for his cour-
tesy. I am such an unfortunate man on this
floor that I have very rarely been recognized
in my own right, but have usually been com-
pelled to borrow time from somebody else. But
inasmuch as I have borrowed it in this case I
will use it as sparingly as possible.
I know, sir, that the intention was perhaps
to put this bill through without allowing amend-
ments, and perhaps to place those who might
vote against it in a false position. I desire that
I shall not be placed before the country as
being opposed to proper charities to any class
of persons, I care not where they may reside.
I know an attempthas been made in and about
this Capitol to place me in a false position in
reference to this matter, to represent me as
having so contracted a heart that I will not
give food to needy people because they happen
to live in Washington city. Such an imputation
upon me is untrue.
My opposition to this bill is founded in jus-
tice ana in right. If the impoverished people
of Washington city who are begging to-day for
food at the hands of Congress are to be re-
lieved, if crumbs are to roll from the lap of
this nation into their mouths, I want to take
proper measures for insuring that our bounty
shall reach those who need it. That is my
position. I do not believe it proper or just
that we should establish in this District at the
public expense a national pauper-house for
any people, or that we should annually make
large appropriations which may attract from
Virginia ana Maryland and the barren wastes
everywhere around paupers whose support is
to be thrown upon the national Government
that onr people may be taxed to feed them. I
do not believe the principle is correct. I op-
pose it on principle and on that ground alone,
and if we are to appropriate this money every
year for the purpose of feeding the paupers of
this country we will make this city a poor-
house and nothing else.
Again, sir, why do I offer this proposition
to amend? I offer it as a substitute to the
bill presented by the committee. It provides
that the Secretary of War shall do what? Not
to give money, but that he shall give bread
and meat or whatever other necessities of life
he may have under his control, for the purpose
of feeding and clothing the poor people of this
District. It provides that he shall feed them,
and that this money shall not go into the hands
of anybody other than the hands of the officials
of the United States Government. It will
fully accomplish the intention of the committee
if their intention be to feed the poor people in
this District. Tf they intend to feed the paupers
here then let them place the funds in the hands
of the Secretary of War, or some other respons-
ible Government officer. The mayor of this
city is not responsible to this Congress; the
mayor of this city is not responsible to the
nation ; he is only responsible to his constit-
uents. Make the Secretary of War respons-
ible and the poor people will get the meat and
bread you intend giving them.
I say that the Secretary of War should be
authorized to give these people food and cloth-
ing from day to day until the heat of summer
comes and vegetation springs from the ground,
so that the men we see so constantly in our
galleries, who are some of the paupers to be
provided for, may go forth to plow the earth
and to assist in bringing forth by their labor
the products which it is so willing to bestow
and which are so much needed by these people.
But, sir, I have seen so much money appro-
priated in this city and seen so -much money
expended lavishly, that I am opposed to this
proposition. I shall vote against appropri-
ating any for the purpose of placing it in the
hands of the mayor of the city of Washingt on;
and I do not care whether he is a Republican
or a Democrat. Indeed, it is not important
to the country whether he is a Democrat or a
Republican. I do not care either whether the
mayor of Georgetown is a Democrat or a Re-
publican. I am opposed to it because I do not
want this money placed in the hands of any
person except those who are responsible to the
Government of the United States. You and I,
Mr. Chairman, happen to know a little about
the demand for these appropriations for this
city just before an election. Therefore, in
