3814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May-25,
establish a claim which, under the Constitution,
he has a right to.
My point is, that when the Constitution said
that the President should have the power to
grant a pardon it meant such a pardon as had
these incidents and conferred these rights ;
that is to say, if a man before he received his
pardon had rendered himself incapable of
bringing a suit in court or of defending a suit
in court, when the pardon was granted it oper-
ated constitutionally to make him the very
man that he would have been if he had never
committed the act for the commission of which
he is pardoned. Now, the Senator says that
this constitutional right, which restores him to
all his legal rights to institute suits, to defend
suits, to institute a suit against you, sir, for
calling him a traitor, shall not be given in
evidence; it shall not be heard; and yet he
says he is not passing upon the effect of the
plea or the claim of the pardon. Why, sir,
this amendment does nothing else. It destroys
the effect by excluding it. It is fruitless to say
that the pardon exists but it shall not operate
and have the legal effect of a pardon. That
is my first objection to this amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honoraMeSenator will
allow me, I will put this proposition to him :
suppose this bill in as many words was to de-
clare that a man who had committed a crime
and had been pardoned by the President for
that crime, should not briug a suit in one of
the courts of the United States, that would be
simply in direct terms the effect and the force
of tne circumlocutory language that is used
by the amendment now before the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly; the illus-
tration is very apt and appropriate. The lan-
guage of the amendment is :
Nor shall any such pardon, amnosty, acceptance,
oath, or other act as aforesaid, heretofore offered or
put in evidence on behalf of any claimant in said
court, be used or oonsidored by said court, or by the
appellate court on appeal from said court, &o.
Here is a legal plea; not only a legal plea,
but a constitutional plea, because it is not by
virtue of any statute that the President has this
pardoning power; it is by virtue of the Con-
stitution, which is above all statutes ; and this
amendment says in effect that when the plea
of the Constitution of the United States is pat
in the court shall not receive it. The Con-
gress of the United States says that the Supreme
Court of the United States on appeal from the
Court of Claims shall not consider a constitu-
tional plea.
But as the hour for the recess has nearly
arrived, I will not elaborate that idea, but will
state another objection. I ask my learned
friend again whether he really was serious in
offering this amendment? I know that the
Congress of the United States have gone a
great way in attempting to pass judgments as
well as to pass laws; but here is another pro-
vision 
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator per-
mit me a moment ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have only got a min-
ute or two left.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to make a motion
to postpone the recess until five o'clock, in
order that we may have an executive session.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senate have ordered a
recess at half past four o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. I know they have ; bat
I want to postpone the time for taking the re-
cess till five o'clock, in order that we may have
an executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. You cannot do it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think we can.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware yield for that purpose?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan asks that by unanimous consent the
time for taking the recess be extended until
five o'clock.
Mr. FOWLER and others. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. . Objection is
made.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope my friend will
not take up any of my time. I have only got
a few minutes, and I wish to go on. I desire
to call the attention of the Senate to another
provision of this amendment:
And in all cases where judgment shall have been
heretofore rendered in the Court of Claims in favor
of any claimant on any other proof of loyalty than
such as is above required and provided, and which
is hereby declared to have been and to be the true in-
tent and meaning of said respective acts, the Supreme
Court shall on appeal reverse snch judgment.
Was the like ever heard? You will not let
the Supreme Court of the United States say
what judgment they shall render; but you, a
coordinate department of the Government, the
Congress of the United States, say that where
a judgment has been rendered by the Court of
Claims, and comes up on appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States, the Supreme Court
shall reverse the judgment. Where is the equal-
ity of the coordinate branches of the Govern-
ment? Where does my learned friend get the
power for Congress to say to the Supreme Court
of the United States what judgment they shall
render in a case?
Mr. DRAKE. Let me ask my friend, can
any court in this land render judgment against
the United States without the consent of the
United States? I ask for an answer to that.
Mr. SAULSBURY. You say they shall
reverse the judgment.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the Senator from Del-
aware that question.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have but a moment
or two left. I will answer that this evening.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask if any court in the
United States can enter a judgment against
the United States without the consent of the
United States?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The horn of the di-
lemma on which I hang the Senator now is
this: he says the court shall reverse the judg-
ment 
Mr. DRAKE. Now answer my question.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Senator
from Delaware declines to be interrupted.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will go on for my
other minute.
Mr. DRAKE. I say to the Senator that he
knows that no court in this laud can render a
judgment against the United States without
the consent of the United States thereto ; and
if that be the case why should not the United
States say to the Supreme Court that it shall
not render such a judgment?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Give me the rest of
my minute. Does the Senator from Missouri
know of any legal provision or constitutional
provision that Congress shall tell the Supreme
Court whatjudgment they shall render, or if one
has been rendered against the United States,
that the Supreme Court shall reverse it?
Mr. DRAKE. They dismissed the McArdle
case because the jurisdiction of the court was
taken away from them.
Mr. NYE. The hour for the recess has very
nearly arrived; but before the recess I desire
to have a telegraphic dispatch, which has just
been received, read. It has a bearing on this
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks that a telegraphic dispatch
maybe read. The Chair hears no objection.
It will be read.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read as fol-
lows :
Kaleish, North Carolina,
May 26,1870.
To Senators Pool and Abbott, Washington ;
Gentlemex ; I telegraph you the text of a letter,
with oomments, concerning the murder of Senator
J. W. Stephens, of Caswell county"—
Mr. CASSERLY. I object to the reading
of that paper.
Mr. NYE. Why? What for?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to object.
Mr. POMEROY. It is too late to object.
Mr. CASSERLY. I could not tell what it
was when it was first sent up.
Mr. NYE. It is part of my speech on this
Mr. CASSERLY. I believe we agreed to
take a recess at half past four o'clock.
Mr. NYE. I have the floor, and I want that
dispatch read as a part of my speech. That is
the beginning of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada desires the dispatch to be read
as part of his speech on the pending proposi-
tion.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Nevada
had not the floor on this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair rec-
ognized the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Dela-
ware had the floor.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. He had resumed
his seat.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I thought the hour for
a recess had arrived.
Mr. NYE. I cannot help what you thought.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada has the floor and desires this
paper to be read as a part of his remarks.
If the Senator from California objects to the
Secretary reading it, the Senator from Nevada
must read it himself.
Mr.' CASSERLY. I will not object if it is
put on that ground.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading, as
follows:
It is the most horrible of all the outrages which
h.ive occurred, and I deem it to be my duty to in-
form you fully of this murder.
Yancjoyyille, May 23,1870.
Editor of the Standard:
Sie: On the evening of the 21st instant we wcro
startled by one of the most shocking murders that
can be clad&ed among the outrages of modern times.
During a meeting held by the Democratic or Con-
servative clement of this county, John W. Stephens,
senator from this county, was most cruelly and bar-
barously murdered. About tour o'clock on the even-
ing of the 21st instant Senator Stephens was in the
public court-room in the court-house, in the town of
Yanceyville, attending a public county convention,
when a supposed friend of liis touched him on the
arm, and said, "Let'sgo down,"and he did go down
with him 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will suspend the reading. The hour of four
and a half o'clock having arrived, the Senate
now takes a recess until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
lUtlDGli AT NJSBKASKA CITY.
Mr. TIPTON. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads have recommended
the passage of a joint resolution allowing the
Midland Pacific road, near Nebraska City, to
bridge the Missouri river, to connect their road
with the roads on the other side of the river;
and as the gentleman is absent who is entitled
to the floor, I ask for its consideration at this
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Nebraska asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider the joint resolution
indicated by him. It will be reported, subject
to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 195) authorizing the Midland Pacific
Railway Company to build a bridge at or near
Nebraska City, to connect its road with other
railroads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The resolution
ought to specify what bridges. It says "at
Burlington and other places."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know anything
about this joint resolution, and my friend from
Nebraska knows that I would not interpose
any objection to a proposition of his if I could
possibly avoid it; but I am satisfied that we
