4758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. If the proposition of the
Senator from Delaware is a violation of the
contract, why is not your income tax law a
violation of it?
Mr. MOUTON. Really, I think it is very
ensy to inform the distinguished Senator on that
point. An income tax, which is a general tax,
and falls upon all incomes, is not obnoxious
to ihe objection of a tax that goes directly to
a particular contract or a particular species ot
property. I think that has been perfectly un-
derstood in regard to the assessment of these
taxes from the beginning, for while it has been
claimed by the Republican party generally that
to levy a tax upon bonds directly would be a
violation of the contract, I do not know that I
ever heard it claimed before by anybody that
to levy au income tax was a violation of that
contract. I think that that argument is a new
argument that is brought to the rescue when
arguments in favor of the repeal of the income
tax are few and far between.
Mr. CONKLING. Shall I interrupt the
Senator if I state to him frankly the difficulty
1 have about that, and ask him to relieve me?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly not.
Mr. CONKLING. The difficulty I have is
not a new one at all; and it is not the one
which the honorable Senator from Ohio dis-
posed of so summarily yesterday. If there is
no contract about this, of course the question
does not arise; but the honorable Senator
from Ohio, I may say so without offense to
him, answered the question yesterday by
ging it. My difficulty is precisely this, and X
state the ease for convenience simply as to
bondholders alone now: the bondholders took
those bonds and advanced their rnoney^upoii
the faith of legislation which said, taking it
altogether, that no State, municipal, or fed-
eral lax should be laid upon the bonds
Mr. MORTON. Does it say "Federal tax?
Mr CONKLING. .For convenience I so
stated it. I will omit that if the Senator wants
to be accurate; I will stale it precisely, whether
more or less convenient. It said that these
bonds should not be subject to State or muni-
cipal taxation. Am I right in that?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; undoubtedly.
Mr. CONKLING. It said also that these
bonds should be subject to a tax known as an
income tax, which should be levied, collected,
and paid until 1870, and no longer. Now, i
do not wish to discuss the question of the right
of one Congress to tie up the hands of another;
but I beg to ask the honorable Senator why it
ib that one part of this legislation does not
attach to these bonds and take upon it the
nature an d obligation of a contract j ust as much
as the other. And to conclude and point my
he liable to municipal taxation until 18/0, and
no longer. Nobody doubts, I suppose, the
tjower, in the sense of the power ot members
of Congress, to say when that time came that
the pledge should be violated; but m the sense
of eood faith, how would such a provision be
other or different from the very one which we
arc now considering?
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] suggests to me that the tax law
is not part of the contract.
Mr. CONKLING. That is too narrow; that
is sharp and technical, and will not do. _
Mr MORTON. The whole argument is too
narrow entirely. It is the first time I ever
heard that because a law contained a limita-
tion a period when it was to expire by its own
limitation, that became a part of the contract
„„>! Incline a moral obligation which prevented
tilt: Government from renewing it at ire end
"'f do "not 'think it necessary, for I do not
' /. a fa unk'-' lotif speech, to spend lime
on That queJiam.' ! had not supposed that any
Senator seriously intended to insist that there
was a contract that the income tax should exist
until 1870 and no longer; and so lightly do I
think of that argument in my own _mind that
I shall not stop further to examine it.
Mr. President, if the law at the time these
bonds were created had said nothing about
an income tax, if there was no income tax in
existence at that time, if that had come into
existence subsequently, the tax subsequently
imposed cotild be collected upon the income
from bonds, as well as from other property, and
would not be a violation of the spirit or letter
of the contract with the bondholders. I take
that proposition to be incontrovertible, that so
far as an income tax is concerned it is no vio-
lation of the law which declares that these bonds
shall not be subject to taxation.
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayabd]
wants to know where the law is that prevents
the Federal Government from levying a tax on
its own bonds. There is no provision of that
kind in the law; it was not thought necessary ;
but will that Senator pretend to tell me or the
country that the understanding at the time was,
though not thought necessary to be put expressly
into the contract with the taker of the bonds,
that the Federal Government should not tax
its own bonds ? It can pay its bonds off in that
way. If we have the right to tax the bonds
of the United States, why talk about funding
them ? Let the Government levy a tax of one
or two per cent, and bring the interest down
to four per cent, at once. It saves all the
trouble and expense of funding the bonds. It
was never contemplated that that power should
be exercised. That is the reason it was not
put in. I will not say the Government has not
the power to do it; it has power to do a great
many things; but thut thing was never con-
templated. .
But I want to call the attention of the ben-
ate to the position of the Senator from Dela-
ware, that while he regards the income tax as
odious, and seeks to exempt the bonds from
taxation under that tax, he expresses his will-
ingness to tax them m an impossible way, in
a way in which he knows they never will be
taxed; and he expresses a willingness, too,
that the tax shall be levied upon the interest
from a bond, although it may be the only in-
come that a widow has, and instead of amount-
ing to $2,000, may only amount to three hun-
dred or five hundred dollars. The Senator is
(ireu. or live iiuuvAi^u. vawximhu.   ~i A
willing to tax an income of only $300, provided
lie can do it in a way that is not permissible
and the Senator is satisfied never will be done ;
but he proposes to exempt the bonds from tax
in the only practicable way in which they can
be taxed. , ,
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know by what
assumption the honorable Senator asserts that
I know that this is not permissible and never
can be. It only will be because, as usual, this
species of property is to be favored especially
by those who called it into being, and because
my voice will not be strong enough in Congress
to overrule it. I hat is the only thing 1 am
aware of that stands in the way. I suppose
the honorable Senator desires to state my posi-
tion accurately, and therefore let me tell him
that here is a class of property which you have
in the verylaw creating it exempted from every
burden imposed upon other property by the
local laws of the country where it exists ; you
have placed it beyond the reach of paying those
ordinary burdens which are incurred for its
protection and security as much as for the pro-
tection and security of any other classof prop-
erty.
Mr. MORTON. You mean State taxes.
Mr! BAYARD. I mean State and munici-
pal taxes. Now, the question is, what is jus-
tice and right upon this subject? For what
was government ordained, and how is it to be
maintained ? Simply by contributions by its
citizens toward its support; and if you have
deprived the country at larg^ot the power or
taxing this particular class of property, surely
you should most reasonably suggest some
method by which that property shall bear us
fair share. That is what I mean; no more, no
^Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, although I
shall make a poor speech myself, I am the
cause of many other good speeches being made;
but I hope that now they will all be deferred
until I get through, and that I shall be allowed
to proceed without further interruption. One
other argument was made by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,] and particularly
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. ThurmakJ
that the income tax, after all, falls upon the
consumer. They say that the merchant pays
the income tax, and he will charge it over upon
his consumer; and if a man owns real estate
that he rents he will charge it on his tenantry.
I inquire why should this kind of tax be charged
over upon other people any more than any
other kind of tax? If a man pays a Statetax,
will he not try to get it back in some way ? It
he can charge it over on to his tenantry, or if
he can charge it over on to his customers, is
he not just as likely to do it as if it happened
to be an income tax? If a man pays a tax ot
any kind, either State or national, and can
get it back by charging it upon somebody else,
he is very likely to do it; but it seems there is
something peculiar about an income tax, so
that if a man pays an income tax he is certain
to charge that over upon somebody else ; and
if he pays ten times as much in the form of
State tax on real estate he will not charge that
overupon his tenantry, but that falls upon him!
I think the bare statement of this thing is a
refutation of all there is in it. Whatever force
there may be in it applies to all kinds of taxes;
and if it is a good argument against an income
tax, it is a good argument against every kind
of tax ; and so I pass that by.
Then there is the argument of demoraliza*
tion. These people who have to pay income
tax insist that they will be demoralized; they
do not want to be demoralized, but they know
they will be 1 Therefore we must exempt them
for fear they will be demoralized!
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Indi-
ana permit me to state that the argument was
that it was those men who ought to pay income
tax and do not who are demoralized; not
those who do pay it?
Mr. MORTON. That is something like the
argument we used to hear during the war, "If
you abolish slavery you will fire ihe southern
heart; they never will make peace with you;
you must not do anything to make them mad ;
you will demoralize them;" and we must not
levy this income tax because we shall demor-
alize the people 1 How? We shall present
inducements to them to cheat and to lie and
illuucciuculo vuvi!.* uv v-  
to swear falsely; and therefore a just tax must
be abandoned because it will lead some men
to lie and to cheat and to swear falsely to get
rid of it.
Mr. President, allow me to say that this
demoralization and this temptation to fraud
exists in regard to all taxes where the party
who pays the tax is called upon to give in the
amount of his taxable property. So far as real
estate is concerned, that is visible; the assessor
can assess that without calling upon the owner,
and lie does do it; but so far as personal prop-
erty is concerned, there is the same degree of
demoralization.
Take the State of Connecticut, if you please.
The assessor calls upon each citizen to tell
how much money he has got at interest, how
many bonds he owns, how much money he has
on hand, how much money is due to him; and
then, in some States, he is called upon to tell
how much more money is owing to him than
he owes. All these things depend on the man's
personal integrity just as in the case of the
income tax. He lias every temptation t,o com-
mit fraud in regard to these State taxes that
he has in regard to the income tax. He has
as much facility for committing fraud in the
, one ease as lie has in the other. He can coil-
