1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4759
ceal from the assessor of the States his bonds,
Ins money at interest, his money on hand, the
amount of debts due to him, just as well as he
can from the assessor of the Federal Govern-
ment.
AH this argument about demoralization,
therefore, is just as applicable to the State
taxes as to the Federal income tax; and if it
is a good argument for abolishing one it is a
good argument for abolishing the other. I
have no respect for that argument; not a bit.
I have heard it urged for years now against
tlie income tax, but a moment's examination
will satisfy anybody that if it is a good argu-
ment at all it is good against every tax except
a mere tax on real estate, which is visible to
the assessor and which lie assesses without
consulting the owner.
Then, sir, we have the inquisitorial feature
spoken of. That is a great objection. Does
the inquisitorial feature give any honest man
any trouble? My distinguished friend from
Connecticut argued that it would require a man
to tell every year whether he had made money
or not. What honest objection is there to
that—to letting his neighbors know his real
condition? If he conceals his real condition,
it is ipso facto a fraud for some purpose, though
not one of those frauds of which the law can
take cognizance. He may hold out the im-
pression that he is doing well when he is not,
and get a false credit. Does the law, or do
morals require that he shall have the right to
do that? Certainly not. No honest man, then,
need be afraid of the inquisitorial feature.
But now I come back to the State taxes.
The State taxation in Indiana, and I under-
take to say in every State of this Union, has
in it every inquisitorial feature that the income
tax has. In the State of Indiana I am handed
a list with the different kinds of property put
down, of which I am required to give an ac-
count. I am required to state how many State
• bonds I have, how many corporation bonds,
how much money I have at interest, and a
great many other things that depend as exclu-
sively upon my integrity in giving them in as in
the case of the income tax; and if the assessor
has any reason to suppose that I have made
a false return the law prescribes a penalty,
and I can be arraigned and examined and all
my private affairs thrown open to the public.
This inquisitorial feature, that is arrayed as
a special objection against this tax, exists in
every State of this Union. Why is not the
objection made to it there? Because you can-
not get clear of State taxes ; but it is hoped to
get clear of the income tax by making _a spe-
cial argument against it. I therefore dismiss
the inquisitorial feature, which hap no force in
regard to this tax any more than in regard to
any other, except the mere tax on real estate.
Then, it was said by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania that taxation and representation must
go together. I did not exactly understand what
application the Senator intended to makeof
that aphorism. Taxation and representation
must go together according to our system this
far: that the same persons who are taxed shall
in some form be represented; but we have
never adopted the English system, that a man
is entitled to representation according to the
amount of his taxes or according to the amount
of his property. If the Senator does not carry
his doctrine out to that logical consequence,
then it has no application in this case. I ap-
prehend that my friend from Pennsylvania
would not insist upon that for one moment, and
did not mean that; and if he did not mean
that I dismiss that from the argument.
Mr. President, we have had the. argument
by epithet in this case. This has been called
an inquisitorial, an infamous, and an iniqui-
tous tax. I will meet the argument by epithet
with the argument of opinion, and I %ill give
my opinion on the other side, that it is the most
equitable and just of all taxes.
But it is said that some rich men will make
false returns, and therefore all ought to be
exempted. Many rich men make false returns
in regard to State taxes, and my opinion is
there is just as much fraud committed in regard
to State taxes as there is in regard to national
taxes, and I think the cases are far more fre-
quent in fact. They may not be quite so ex-
tensive, but they are far more frequent. But
if all rich men are to be let off because a few
of them would be guilty of falsehood and even
perjury, then they might all exclaim, " What
a good thing it was that we had some rascals
among us to get us all off!"
Then, the Senator from Pennsylvania made
an argument in regard to the amount that New
York paid, about one third. She has one
eleventh of the population, and she pays one
third of the income tax. I should be very
willing to exchange with New York and agree
that we would take her incomes and pay her
taxes, if it would be agreeable. They pay the
income tax because they have the capital there
that accumulates from every part of the United
States, because the wealth, the trade, and the
commerce of the whole country are poured into
her lap. Men go there forcommercialpurposes
from every part of the United States; and now
they would much prefer that we should pay taxes
according to population and not according to
wealth. Why, sir, they have to pay the income
tax simply because the large incomes are there.
If the large incomes were in Indiana the tax
would have to be paid there. What kind of an
argument is that? 1 do not regard it as a bless-
ing that the wealth of this country is so largely
concentrated in a few cities and in a few States.
The general diffusion of it would be better for
all of us ; and when concentration ia brought
forward as an argument by which capital is to
avoid its just burdens and responsibilities, then
I put it aside.
Mr. CONKLING. But let me say that the
Senator avoids the real argument when taking
population alone. The argument is just as baa
when you take valuation as when yon take pop-
ulation ; the outrage is as enormous, varying
only in a fraction. That is the point.
Mr. MORTON. I was about to come to that.
I noted the point when my friend from Penn-
sylvania was making his argument. Allow me
to say that I differ entirely with both distin-
guished Senators. As to the question of valu-
ation, when you count the western lands, the
broad area of the new States, and value the real
estate, that valuation may bring it up in the
manner contended for; but what has that to
do with the main question ? It has nothing to
do with it; on the contrary it confesses the
poverty of the argument, because if that estate
in the West was productive according to its
valuation we should have the incomes there ;
but unfortunately that is not true. The Sen-
ator's argument amounts to nothing unless it
amounts to this: that the taxes shall be laid
upon unproductive property instead of upon
productive property : and that brings me to the
true question involved in this case.
The income tax is of all others the most just
and equitable, because it is the truest measure
that has yet been found of the productive prop-
erty of the country. I use that phrase, "the
truest measure that has yet been found of the
productive property of the country." The
argument of the Senator from Pennsylvania
and of the Senator from Connecticut was made
up chiefly of exceptional cases, showing how
there may be hardships under the law creating
the income tax. I could show many more and
harder cases under any law that I know of in
any State for levying a tax. There is no law
creating a tax of any kind under which hard
cases cannot be found. The argument those
Senators make is from the exceptional cases.
I argue from the general run and condition of
the country, and not from the exceptional
cases.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] sug-
gests an item upon another point, and that is
that the offices of the great express and tele-
graph companies and ol many of the railroad
companies are in New York, and in that way
the taxes paid in that city are swelled.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator does not
mean personal income tax, because that appears
on a separate list.
Mr. MORTON. Iwas not speaking of the
personal income, but the aggregate. They
swell the aggregate.
Mr. CONKLING. The personal income is
that of which a statement was made by the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MORTON. Now, Mr. President, lean
defeat any tax, if you will allow me to argua
from exceptional eases of hardship, I do not
care what tax you mention; and yet these
exceptional cases are the bases of all the argu-
ments that have been made against the income
tax.
But I shall now speak of the general opera-
tion of the law; and I say, taking the country
through, taking the general condition of the
community, that the income tax is the best
expression and exponent of the productive
property of this country. Sometimes a man
pays a tax on an income that is far above his
productive property. It may be on a fictitious
income; it may be what may be called an oc-
casional income resulting from peculiar circum-
stances that may not happen again during his
life. I do not argue from those cases ; I argue
from the great mass of cases; I will say four
hundred and ninety-nine cases out of every five
hundred; and, take the country through, the
income is a true expression of a man's pro-
ductive property.
When you come to talk about hard cases
under the taxing law I will call your attention
to the State tax imposed upon real estate and
upon personal property, where a man is taxed
according to the assessed value of his property,
and that property is very often unproductive,
does not produce enough to pay his tax, and
he is compelled to sell off a strip of land or sell
portions of his personal property from year to
year for the purpose of paying his tax. Those
are the. most frequent and those are the most
cruel cases which arise under the tax laws in
any form.
There was an argument made by the Senator
from Connecticut. He said, suppose a man
makes $25,000 at his business this year and
pays an income tax on it, and next year he
loses $25,000, the income tax paid this year
is not refunded to him when the loss comes.
Certainly not; but he only pays an income
tax this year because he has got the income,
and he pays it out of his abundance and ac-
cording to his abundance. But let me suppose
it to be a State tax that is levied on his prop-
erty. He is taxed on $25,000 of real property
this year, and next year he has lost his prop-
erty by fire, or by some calamity or misfortune
his property is gone. "Would they refund to
him the State tax he had paid the year before
on that property? Certainly not. In the one
case he has lost his income on which he paid;
in the other, he has lost the property on which
he paid. Is there any difference between the
cases in point of hardship ? Certainly not._
If you come to consider the income, taking
the vast majority of cases, it is the exponent
of the property which a man owns that is pro-
ductive. If you refer to works on political
economy, it has been held by some of the
ablest men writing on that subject that unpro-
ductive property should not be taxed ; and I
say that the taxation of unproductive property
gives rise to more hardship than anything else
in taxation. But, sir, when you tax a man on
his income it is because his property is pro-
ductive. He pays out of his abundance be-
cause he has got the abundance. If to pay his
income tax is a misfortune, it is because he
has the misfortune to have the income upoa
which it is paid ; and that is all.
I started out with the declaration that it was
the most, just and equitable of all taxes. I havQ
compared it now to the system of State taxa-
tion of property according to its value, real and
