1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983
order that there may be no danger, I want to
intrust its disbursement to an officer of this
Government who is responsible to Congress.
I want to relieve the proposition from all fear
of this money being used for an improper pur-
pose. .
Let me say one thin* in answer to my col-
league, [Mr. Cook.] fie says that these pau-
pers cannot be fed in this way. We fed armies
and hundreds of thousands of men in this way.
He says that this cannot be done otherwise
than through the agencies of these aid socie-
ties. I think he is mistaken. These aid so-
cieties can make requisitions upon the Secre-
tary of War. They can certify that they have
so many men under their charge as paupers,
and the Secretary of War can order the com-
missary to issue rations for so many men.
That is the way{ sir, in which it can be done.
It can be done in that way more rapidly than
in any other. Let this bill become a law to-
night and these rations can be served out to
these paupers in this city to-morrow morning.
If you pass the bill as it now is the money
will first have to go into the pockets of these
parties, who will then have to go into the mar-
ket to purchase food and fuel for these paupers.
It is apparently an effort to get the money into
somebody's pockets. There seems to be an
anxiety to put money into somebody's pocket.
There seems to be a sort of insanity in this
House to vote away the public money on some
one thing or another in this city of Washington.
Why will they not take bread and meat? We
are told they want money. They, ought to be
satisfied with bread and meat. I tell you that
if the people of the city of Washington would
abandon their present high-flown aristocratic
notions and provide for their paupers out of
their own private purses, and not put them as
a burden upon the public Treasury and the
country, they would not come here so con-
stantly to ask for these appropriations. If
the glittering costly baubles whicn we see upon
the persons of gentlemen and ladies in this
city were used for a different purpose than
personal ornaments there would not be so
much_ distress and suffering in the city of
Washington. They themselves are in a great
measure responsible for all this suffering.
One gentleman insinuated that the opposition
to this bill comes from anything but honest
motives. No such insinuation can touch me.
I know what prompts me. Every man must
be the judge of hi&own actions. In my votes
my conduct will be controlled by the dictates
of my own conscience, and no man here or
elsewhere shall be my prompter. I am willing
to help these poor people; but I want it done
honestly and fairly.
After yon pass your bill appropriating $30,-
000, what then? After the President signs it,
after it becomes a law, after the money is
divided—some given to the mayor of Washing-
ton, some to the mayor of Georgetown, some
to this society, some to another—who is to be
accountable for the proper distribution of it?
Nobody. They will use it as they see fit. But
let the Secretary of War issue bread and meat,
apd his report will show how much has been
given to the people, how many people have
applied, how many certificates have been issued,
and the amount of money expended in food.
There will thus be a guarantee that the money
cannot be used in any improper way. If there
is any opening for dishonesty or improvidence
by this plan, I cannot see it. If we are to dis-
tribute charity, the proper and fair way will be
to distribute it by one of our official heads of
Departments who is responsible to Congress for
i and who, if he fails to comply with
the law, can be held accountable. But if you
give the money to the mayor of Washington
and the mayor of Georgetown and those socie-
ties, they are responsible to nobody. No poor
can demand food of them unless as they
shall deem it proper to give it. I do not say
these parties would be dishonest; I do not
mean any such thing. I do not say they would
be improvident; I mean no such thing. I say
nothing against those people. But I do say
that I am opposed to the principle of pouring
money into men's pockets and merely taking
their word as to what they are to do with it, i
when we have officers to act for us on behalf
, of the Government, who are responsible to us
for their conduct. •
Mr. KNOTT. I will yield to the gentleman
from Missouri £Mr. Benjamin] to offer an
amendment. After that I will yield to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] to offer
another proposition ; afterward, to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Sloccm;] aud after
that I want to talk a little myself.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to have it understood
that I offer the amendment which I propose as
a substitute for the bill, and I ask mat it may
be read.
The Clerk read as follows
Rfolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, instructed to make such orders as may be
necessary for feeding the poor of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, until otherwise ordered by
the President of the United States; the amount to
bo expended not to exceed $30,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I propose to offer the
following resolution:
SetolvedJIhat the committee riso and report the
bill to the House, with a recommendation that it bo
referred to the Committee for the District of Colom-
bia, with instructions to report a bill requiring the
proper authorities of the District to levy a tax suffi-
cient to support its poor.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I offer the following
as an amendment, to come in at the end of the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Loo an:]
That the municipal authorities of the cities of
, Washington and Georgetown be, and are hereby,
; authorised to borrow, on the credit of Baid cities,
, $50,000 for the support of the poor; and that they
! shall be and are authorized to levy and collect all
1 taxes necessary to repay the said sum and interest
thereon, and for the support of the poor hereafter
from year to year. i
Mr. SLOCUM. I offer the following as an 1
amendment to the amendment:
Provided further. That $30,000 be appropriated to
the relief of the poor of Brooklyn, recently thrown
i out of emnlovment in the Brooklyn navy-yard.
Mr. KNOTT. Mr. Chairman, I have been
■ satisfied for a long time that the affection of
j a young mother for her first-born bears no sort
of comparison to the love which gentlemen on
j this floor entertain for the people. To do
anything like justice to the depth of that senti- |
: ment would bankrupt all the resources of the
i most pathetic eloquence or the most stirring
: ; poetry. [Laughter.] If we speak of the law,
I it is " the people's lawif we speak of our-
ji selves, it is as " the people's Representatives
i; if we allude to the Constitution, it is "the
i people's Constitution;" if we have anything
1 to say about the Government, it is " the peo-
ple's Government." Everything belongs to
them, and their interests are paramount to ;
every other consideration. Gentlemen love I
them—love them as they do the apple of their j
eyes. They would undergo any sacrifice for |
them. There is not an office, from President
down, that any of us would not relieve the peo-
ple of the trouble of holding, and of which we
would not heroically shoulder the emoluments.
[Laughter.]
I take it for granted, therefore, that when I
a proposition is made in this House to squander
$30,000 of " the people's money," gentlemen j
will consider the propriety of the outlay; that
they will inquire first as to whether the pro- j1
posed recipients of this munificent bounty are 1
actually in point of fact objects of charity, and
that when they have settled that they will pro-
ceed then to ask whether they have a right, as
trustees of the people's funds, to give them
away in the manner proposed in this bill.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I regret very much
that I have not to my command terms of pathos
and of eloquence equal to those employed by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] when he
drew such a picture of distress and misery as
ought almost to have drawn tears from the very
stones of which this Capitol is built; [laugh-
ter ;] for I should like to draw a similar picture
of the poverty and wretchedness prevailing in
other cities which have equal claims upon our
charity.
Cut notwithstanding what he has said and
the letter which has been read, I have a word
to say about the objects of this bounty myself.
I have seen some of them, and while I do not
deny that there are legitimate objects of pity in
this city, both black and white, I do aver that
a large proportion of those who are to be ben-
efited by this expenditure are no more objects
of charity than gentlemen upon this floor. Have
you ever seen them? If you have not, go out
to the Government buildings beyond Judiciary
square any morning from sua up to tea o'clock,
aud in the crowd that assembles there to receive
the loaves spoken of so eloquently and touch-
ingly you will find able-bodied and stalwart
men. If you do not wish to take the trouble
of going there to find them, look in this gallery
any day when the sun is uot so hot as to make
them too lazy to come here and you will find
them perched up there like turkey buzzards in
an old deadening, calmly waiting for the rich
repast that Congress is expected to prepare for
their rapacious beaks. [Great laughter.]
When the balmy zephyrs of spring have
departed and when the heat of the sun be-
comes a little too oppressive for them to ven-
ture t.o encounter his sultry and uncomfort-
able beams, go to Judiciary square and you
will find them there reclining in the shade like
black snakes in a briar patch. [Laughter.]
This is not very rhetorical, but itis true. Yes,
sir ; it is tsue. If you do not think proper to
go and hunt them there, wait until there is
some political demonstration, some torchlight
procession, and you will find them with blue
capes and caps, every one bearing a torch,
and headed by a band of music from which
floods out upon the air the soul-stirring melo-
dies of Hail Columbia, the Star-spangled Ban-
ner, and John Brown's soul is a marching ou.
[Laughter.]
Such are the objects of charity about which
the gentleman has spoken so touchingly, and
the country ought to understand the facts about
this matter, in which it is seriously proposed
that we should expend $30,000 of the people's
money. I am not disputing, as I have said
already, that there are objects of charity in this
city, but I do say that a large proportion of
these proposed pensioners upon the bounty of
the Government are as capable of making their
living by physical toil as I am or any other
gentleman on this floor.
Now, sir, I have to say, as a member of the
Committee for the District of Columbia, that
all I have ever heard in that committee with
regard to the destitute poor of this city was
from a gentleman, I believe, of the name of
Dr. Cook, who detailed to us a very lugubrious
story on one occasion, the principal burden of
which was what he and other philanthropic
gentlemen had done, and he himself said thata
large proportion of them were capable of earn-
ing their living by labor if they only had some-
thing to do; and I thought, as I listened to his
pathetic narrative, that there were fields all
around here? within five or ten miles of the
Dome of this Capitol, that were not plowed
for want of laborers, and that their owners
would be glad to give these " wards of the
nation" employment at liberal wages. I have
been dowu in Maryland myself, and have seen
farms literally going to waste for want of the
labor which might be supplied by the idle
negroes in and about this city. You can stand
on Georgetown heights and look over into old
Virginia and see fields there untitled to-day
for want of laborers; and yet we are to be told
that the indolent vagabonds and lazzaroni of
this District are to be nourished and sustained
in their idleness, and fed and clothed at the
public expense because they can find nothing
to do. Yes, sir, there is a cry all over the
adjacent country for laborers; and where are
they? They are here fattening like vampires
