1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3815
shall never finish the appropriation bill if we
do anything else until it is done. Therefore,
in order to avoid putting myself in a position
where I cannot defend myself against other
things, I must object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont., 1 am sure, will not object to my making
some reports.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is another thing.
reports of committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. 11. No. 197) giving the consent
of Congress to the reception of a certain be-
quest by the State of New Jersey, under the
will of the late Edwin A. Stevens, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 747) to regulate
judicial proceedings, and for other purposes,
leportedit with ail amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 015) to amend an
act entitled "An act to define more clearly the
jurisdiction and powers of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 1, 1806, reported ad-
versely, and moved itsindefinite postponement;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a communication of the warden
of the jail of the District of Columbia, com-
municating a statement of the number of pris-
oners in the jail, &c., asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Choctaw
nation of Indians, remonstrating against the
enactment of certain laws, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee ou Indian
Affairs; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1823) to pro-
vide for the apportionment of Representatives
to Congress among the several States, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to state in regard
to that bill that myself, and at least one other
member of the committee, disagree to the re-
port.
legislative, etc., appropriation b*ll.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Maine calls for the regular order, and the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumes
the consideration of the bill (II. R. No. 974)
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending 30th of June, 1871 ; upon
which the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As he is not here, let us
go on with the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He was having
a telegraphic dispatch read at the time the
recess took effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The reading can he fin-
ished if it was a paper to be laid before the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itwas being read
as a part of the "speech of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I do not see how
it can be read any further. I ask what is the
pending question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
trom Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us take a vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question,
and declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for a division.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Do not divide
the Senate now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot help it. That
amendment must be voted upon squarely. I
am very sorry that a quorum is not here.
The question being put there were, on a
division—ayes 12, noes 13 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let there be a call of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves that there be a call of the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A call of the Senate!
I never knew of a call ofthe Senate in my lifel
Mr. EDMUNDS. You will know of one now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The yeas and nays can
be called.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My motion distinctly is
that there be a call of the Senate; that the
Senate be called over so that we may kuow
who are present and who are absent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the roll is to be called
merely I have no objection to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves that there be a call of
the Senate, upon which the Senator from Maine
demands the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No ; I do not
care anything about that. I demand the yeas
and nays on this amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am demanding a call
of the Senate, which is a privileged question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves that there be a call of the Sen-
ate. The Chair will state that there can be no
enforcement of the call except by a subsequent
order. It is a call simplv to ascertain who are
present and who are absent. To enforce the
call—a call has never been enforced in the
Senate—would require another vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will inquire
whether on this question on which we are
dividing it is in order to call for the yeas and
nays?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is; but a
motion for a call of the Senate, when there is
no quorum, would have priority.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think there is
a quorum present now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont withdraw his motion?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine demand the yeas aud nays
upon that motion?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator means
calling over the roll, I do not object to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I mean.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the Presiding Ofli-
cer puts the question that there be a call of
the Senate. If it is meant that there is to bo
a call of the Senate, by which the olliccra are
to be sent out to summon and bring in Sen-
ators not here, then 1 protest against it as a
thing that never was done in the Senate of the
United States. There is no way of enforcing
the attendance of Senators, aud there never
has been. Every Seuator has been upon his
honor here since the Senate was organized
eighty years ago, and the form of the motion
has always been, as I recollect it, that the
Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to request the
attendance of Senators. I think the old Sen-
ators will all bear me out that that has been
the mode in which this matter has been arrived
at. If by a call of the Senate is meant a tech-
nical call as in the House, to en force the attend-
ance of Senators, I think we had better consider
before we introduce that practice into this
body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like my good
friend from Illinois to tell us how in the world
under the rule we are even to request the
attendance of those who are absent until we
find out who they are. I have made this mo-
tion to call over the Senate to ascertain who
are present and who are absent 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, in order that we politely request the gen-
tlemen who are absent upon honor, as he says
we are here upon honor, to come in. There
can be no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair'will
state that the motion of the Senatorfrom Ver-
mont is under the last clause of the sixteenth
rule, which provides for the call of the yeas
and nays, and reads as follows:
" In taking the yeas and nays and upon a call of
the .Senate the names of the Senators shall be called
alphabetically."
If anything is required to be done to pro-
cure the attendance of absent Senators another
motion must bo made under the eighth rule
afterward. That rule provides:
" And in case a less number than a quorum of the
Senate shall convene, they are hereby authorized to
send tho Sergeant-at-Arms or any other person or
persons by them, authorized, for any or all absent
Senators."
That is not the present motion. The motion
now is simply that there be a call of the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the Secretary will call ths
roll.
The Secretary called the roll, and the fol-
lowing Senators answered to their names:
Messrs. lioreman, Brownlow, Buckingham, Cas-
seriy, Cole, Corbott, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Edmunds,
Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, llowe, Howell, Kellogg,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,Pom-
croy, Pratt, Ramsey, ltiee, ltoss, Saulsbury, Sponeer,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Thurman, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Vickers, Willey, and Williams—38.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thirty-eight Sen-
ators have answered to their names, being one
more than a quorum. The Senator from Maine
now demands the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
Chair state the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is upon agree-
ing to the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. DRAKE. Without wishing to prolong
this discussion I beg leave to say one word
before the vote is taken. I do not think any
substantial objection has been urged against
this amendment. The only one that comea
with the weight of any authority at all is from
the chairman ofthe Committee on Appropria-
tions against the matter of general legislation
upon an appropriation bill, in reply to which
I would simply say that I do not suppose a
general appropriation bill can be found within
the last thirty years that does not contain legis-
lation, not only of ageneral character, but also,
many of theui, that are private, relating^ to
individuals. Always when an appropriation
bill comes up this same objection is made, and
it is always overruled by the Senate whenever
a measure of legislation is presented which
commands the approval of the Senate. And
now, when the Treasury stands in jeopardy
to-day of having $10,000,000 taken from it by
judgments of the Court of Claims, to be paid,
not to loyal men of this country, but to rebels,
I hope the Senate will find in this amendment
a measure of law which it is proper and right
should be put on here in connec ion with the
appropriation for paying jtidgmi nts rendered
by the Court of Claims. Do let us lay
down the principle that an appropriation bill
is the proper place to authorize the expend-
iture of money, hut not a proper olace to keep
ii om the expenditure of money.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it in or ler to amend
the amendment of the Senator fr-un Missouri?
