1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2871
insist upon the point of order, or else we do
not know where this discussion will end.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Illinois insists upon the point oi order the Chair
will be compelled to sustain it. Ihe margin
of discussion allowable on the resolution is
necessarily very narrow; but the Chair was dis-
posed to indulge the gentleman, inasmuch as
great latitude was allowed on the other side in
the debate yesterday.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to show the
impropriety of sending one of these cases back
alone. . .
The SPEAKER. The resolution merely
relates to a ministerial duty which the House
may choose to devolve upon the Speaker.
Mr. STEVENSON. My motion is to refer
the resolution to the sub-Committee of Elec-
tions.
The SPEAKER. The motion of reference
does not change the essential character of the
resolution, and it does not widen the gentle-
man's liberty of debate at all. It must be
entirely confined within the scope of the reso-
lution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not the only question
debatable the question of reference?
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer opens
the question to all the debate it is susceptible
of. In the case of abill, for instance, a motion
to refer opens the whole debate in all its lati-
tude, but it does not, of course, widen it be-
yond the merits. A motion to refer gives the
gentleman the same liberty of debate that he
would have if the motion were to agree to the
resolution. But this is a mere question of the
propriety of directing the Speaker to perform
the ministerial duty of notifying the Governor
of Louisiana of the vacancy.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call attention to the
fact that gentlemen on the other sidg enjoyed
the utmost latitude in the debate yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already so
stated, and asked the same latitude for the gen-
tleman from Ohio, the same liberty.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I shall insist on the
point of order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I shall endeavor to
keep within the line.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswoeth] insists on it the
gentleman from Ohio must confine himself
within the appropriate limits of debate.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I say that we
ought not to notify the Governor of Louisiana
of one vacancy until we have determined how
many vacancies there are. I say that the cases
are substantially alike, and if this House ad-
heres to its vote in the Sypher case these seats
from Louisiana will all be vacant. I say, there-
fore, this House ought to pause before it sends
notice of one vacancy until it sees how many
vacancies there are. Why ? Because, Mr.
Speaker, we ought not to spot the State over
with elections to fill vacancies. We ought not
to send back one and hold one election in one
month, and another in another month, and
another in another month, and another in
another month. We ought not to make a
chronic state of excitement and murder in the
State of Louisiana.
I therefore propose, Mr. Speaker, that this
resolution shall go to the sub Committee of
Elections, to be held there until the House shall
have acted in its wisdom, in its infallible wis-
dom ou all these cases, and then let us know
how much territory there is to be covered and
protected. How do we know what will be done
in any of the other cases? What warrant
have we that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerb] will not, as he did in this case, argue
first tbat there has been a legal election, and
call God to witness, and the next day, under
the sanction of his oath, vote that there was
no legal election, and then in the same breath
tell us there was a legal election? What war-
rant have we that the other gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] will not come roaring
ground this side of the House, swashing the
desks of members, with his head on fire, inter-
fering against the rights of the loyal black peo-
ple of the South ? What warrant have we that
the gentleman from the wilderness of the far
West [Mr. Fitch] will notcome in here, empty
of all knowledge of the case as the idlest wind
that blows around his mountaiu home, and
decide the case against right and justice? What
warrant have we in any of these cases? What
warrant have we that the " moral element" of
this side of this House will not make a corrupt
bargain with the immoral element of the other
side of the House against the right? What
warrant have we, I say, anywhere here? It is
all a sea of uncertainty. Let us await results.
Let us wait until we see where we are; and
then let us do one more thing; let us, before
we send another election to the South, provide
for the protection of our loyal friends there.
We have by our own laws—and I call the atten-
tion of the country to the fact—we have by our
laws forbidden the loyal people of the State of
Louisiana to organize a militia to defend them-
selves.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that the
resolution pending before the House is a reso-
lution directing the Speaker to notify the Ex-
ecutive of Louisiana that a vacancy has arisen
in the representation from that State. That,
I understand, is the pending resolution.
Mr. STEVENSON. That is not the mo-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is it, then? I ask
that the pending resolution be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Speaker of the Ilouse be di-
rected to inform the Governor of the State of Louis-
iana that there is a. vacancy in the representation
from that State, in the first congressional district
thereof.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is the pending
motion?
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is
that the resolution be referred to the special
Committee of Elections having in charge the
election cases from the State of Louisiana.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then my point of order
is that it is not in order, upon that resolution
and pending that motion, to pursue the line
of argument which is being pursued by my
colleague.
The SPEAKER. That point of order has
already been made by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] and the Chair
has already admonished the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] that he must confine
himself within the rule.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope the point of order
will not be insisted upon.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not want the time
of the House taken up in this way.
The SPEAKER. All matters outside of the
question of notifyingthe Governor of Louisiana
of the existence of a vacancy are out of order.
Mr. STEVENSON. _ With all due respect,
I would ask the Chair if it is not in order for
me to discuss the condition of affairs in the
State of Louisiana and the probable results of
holding an election there now?
The SPEAKER. It would clearly be not
in order. And the Chair would beg to state,
moreover, that in his judgment there is no
necessity whatever for the passage of this reso-
lution. So far as its operation would go it
would not affect the matter at all. It would
be an extraordinary thing for the Speaker of
the House to make this notification. The Gov-
ernor of Louisiana would or would not act in
the premises without any regard to a reso-
lution of this kind. Therefore the passage of
the resolution does not at all involve the ques-
tion of the discretion of the Governor.
Mr. KERR. Then 1 desire to withdraw the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr- Kerb] did withdraw the resolution,
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevexsox]
again offered it. The Chair ruled, as he would
rule again, that a resolution of this kind, relat-
ing to the representation in this House, involves
a question of privilege. Of course it must be
disposed of under the rules, and the debate
must be limited by the rules, and that involves
merely the propriety of adopting such a reso-
lution. All that relates to the propriety or
impropriety of making this notification is in
order; but everything relating to elections
which have heretofore taken place in Louisi-
ana, or which may hereafter take place there,
is certainly not in order.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to put a single inter-
rogatory to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stevenson.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Very well.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose the gentleman
from Ohio admits that in consequence of the
vote of the House yesterday there is a vacancy
in this district. Now, does it make any differ-
ence in the constitutional obligations of the
Governor of Louisiana whatever we may do ?
And if not, then why does he desire to have
this resolution referred to the special Committee
of Elections?
Mr. STEVENSON. I will answer that ques-
tion. I suppose that the Governor of Louisiana
has some discretion inthepremises. I suppose
he has the discretion not to call an election in
: one district to-day, in another district to-mor-
| row, and in an adjoining district the day after
to-morrow, so that men may go from one to the
other and commit frauds and violence. I sup-
pose the Governor has some discretion, and I
nose to give him an opportunity to exercise
propose to take advantage of the situa-
tion here, to take time to repeal the law on our
statute-book made against Andrew Johnson
' and his southern allies, butwhich works against
ourselves and the loyal men of the South; that
law which prevents the loyal southern people
from having a lawful militia to defend them-
; selves. I propose to wait until we shall lmve
[ pyt the people of the South in such a position
that either we shall defend them or they may
: defend themselves. I say that it is an instance
I of inhuman outrage that this nation shall tie
| the hands of the Union people of the South,
1 and yet not defend them. They have no means
j to defend themselves. We send no army to
; defend them.
! Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order.
| Mr. STEVENSON. May I not answer the
1 question of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
i [Mr. Dawes?]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may an-
swer it if it be in order to answer it. That is
the point which the Chair will determine when
the point of order has been stated.
Mr. BINGHAM. My point of order is that
the remarks of my colleague [Mr. Stevenson]
are not germane to the question pending before
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman must confine
himself to the resolution or take his seat.
Mr. STEVENSON. I would be obliged if
the Chair would indicate some line, though it
be slender as a hair, in which I may speak.
The SPEAKER. It would be very easy for
the Chair to indicate the line in which the
geutleman may not speak. He must himself
indicate the line in which he will speak.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then, Mr. Speaker, I
say that this resolution ought to be referred to
the committee, because it is the proper com-
mittee to consider the resolution. It is com-
posed of gentlemen well known to the House.
It is composed of a gentleman from the State
of Ohio, a gentleman from the State of Mis-
souri, and a gentleman from the State of Indi-
ana, [Mr  Kerb.] I do not think, however,
there is any danger that the committee will
involve itself in the extraordinary self-contra-
dictions which one member of it has com-
mitted. I think it will do more wisely thar.
i that member did when, as I have said before,
