4760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
personal, and the experience of every Senator
who hears me proves to him that there iirmore
hardship from taxing a man according to the
assessed value of his property than in any other
way. Take the case of a manufacturer who
did a good business last year, according to my
friend from Connecticut; this year he has the
same personal property; he has the mill; he
has the same number of spindles and looms,
and he is taxed upon the same amount of prop-
erty he had last year; and yet he has made
nothing. This year, perhaps, he has run his
mill at a loss; or his mill has had to stand still.
There is an injustice, if there bo injustice in
these things.
The law cannot avoid that. I know we can-
not meet these exceptions. The law has to
deal in generalities; and when gentlemen com-
plain of the hard cases growing out of the in-
come tax I refer them to the fact that there
are more hard cases growing out of every other
system of taxation, because no other system
represents half so well a man's productive
property.
Now, Mr. President, I come to consider the
system of taxation that we have by the Federal
Government, aside from the income tax ; and
what is it? It is all upon consumption ; every
bit of it. It is true that a small part of our
imports are of luxuries that are or ought to be
purchased only by the very rich, if purchased
at all; but the great body of our imports are
consumed by the great body of our people.
Now, sir, I make thisgeneral statement, and
I defy successful contradiction, that consump-
tion is apportioned among the people far more
nearly according to population than itisaccord-
ingtotheir wealth. Willitbedenied by anybody
that the consumption of all articles which are
taxed in auy form falls more nearly upon the
people accoiding to population than according
to their wealth ? If that is so, then a tax upon
consumption is an unequal and unjust tax.
Take, for example, the taxes on tea and coffee,
and there are a thousand articles that stand m
the same relation. They are consumed by the
masses as necessaries of life. They are not
used by families according to their wealth, but
they are used by families according to their
numbers; and so with the great body of cheap
goods or moderate priced goods; so with the
great body of those useful and necessary things
of iron and steel manufacture, and a great
many other things that I might name, but I
have not time to name them. They are con-
sumed by the mass of the people, not accord-
ing to the ratio of their wealth but according
to their numbers. Therefore, the tax upon
consumption is not a just tax, because it falls
upon labor, it falls upon population, and it does
not fall in proper ratio and proportion upon
the people according to their wealth who are
able to pay it. And yot gentlemen argue to-day
against an income tax in favor ol a tax on
consumption.
The argument is against a tax that falls upon
the productive property according to its quan-
tity, and upon its consumption ; that falls upon
the country according to population and not
according to wealth. It is an argument in
favor of an unequal and unjust tax, and against
a just and equal tax in its principles. My lriend
from Pennsylvania said that in determining this
question we must look to the correctness of the
principle. I stand with hun there; I look to
the conectness of the principle. The princi
pie of a tax that tails upon property according
to its productiveness is tar better than ol a tax
i.bat falls upon property according to its^ as-
sessed value and not lis productiveness. The
principle of a tax. that falls upon men accord-
ing to-their ability to pay, as shown by their
annual income, is far more honest ana a far
better tax ttiari when it falls upon people
according to their numbers aud not. aecording
to their wealth ; that falls upon the family of
in, neighbor according to the iimnber of that
family,"and not according to the wealth that
that family has.
I do not know, sir, how this vote is going to
be, and that does not affect the question of my
views. I have not heard an argument against
the income tax that had any force in it that
was not stronger against every other kind of
taxation than the income tax ; and when you
come to take the standard set up by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania and look at that stand-
ard, it stands incomparably higher in justice
and equity than any other tax that can be
named.
Mr. President, I have already spoken longer
than I intended when I rose.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise, Mr. President,
not to discuss generally the subject before the
Senate, but to answer two suggestions made
by the Senator from Indiana. I shall not
dwell upon a third argument with which be
concluded—I mean his argument directed
against customs duties and tariff laws—but I
will dispose of it as lightly as he disposed of
the more serious argument against the bad
faith of renewing the income tax. I will only
say of his anti-tariff argument that it is suffi-
ciently answered when he is reminded that
consumers of imports upon which duties are
laid pay a duty upon the things they choose to
buy and consume, and upon nothing more. A
man who chooses to buy wine, or silk, or lux-
uries, or comfor of any kind, voluntarily buys,
knowing the price, and chooses to pay it,
duties and all. This consideration alone
answers the suggestion of the Senator in oppo-
sition to tariff laws and in favor of free trade
aud direct taxation.
Mr. MORTON. I did not make sueli an
argument. I did not intend to assert that I
was in favor of free trade.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not say t.heSenator
is in favor of free trade. J say the suggestion
he made is one in antagonism to a tariff, and
of course tending to free trade.
The honorable Seuator makes two other sug-
gestions, which I wish the Senate would weigh.
First, he finds himself confronted by the fact
that the population of the State of New York,
a population ofonly one eleventh of the nation,
pays one third of the income tax. How does
he dispose of that? The Senate heard him.
He said the people of New York possessed
wealth in like proportion. Then he is reminded
that if we discard numbers, and look at wealth,
at the basis of taxation, at assessed valuation,
the result is almost as outlandish and indefens-
ible as if you test it by numbers alone. ITow
does the Senator dispose of that? He says the
inequality arises from the fact that the tax is
upon productive property ; aud he adds in
another part of his argument that incompara
bly higher in its justice than any other mode
of taxation is this, because it is a tax upon
productive property, and not, upon property
itself without, reference to productiveness,
Aud how does he illustrate it? He says if
you count the lands of the West as an offset to
the valuation of the State of New York, then
an enormous disparity must be admitted. But,
says the Senator, the disparity is only nominal
aud not objectionable, because ihe properly
represented in the State of New York is pro-
ductive, and wes em lands are not. Mr. Pres-
ident, can there be in the abstract, or in its
relation to the subject before us, a statement
more erroneous than that? Does western land
escape because it is unproductive property?
Is western land unproductive? In the first
place, however, let us see whether the income
tax is a tax on productive property. Is it,?
Mr. MOiiTOX. The Senator does not put
in ail the elements I did.
Mr. CONKLING. I intend to pat in all the
elements.
Mr. MORTON. I spoke of its being pro
duetive, and concentrated in the hands of a
few people.
Mr. CONKLING. I will endeavor lo put
in all the elements. The lav/ now expired
begins by declaring every niau a pauper who
has $I8;uU0 worth of rsal estate. Wh'v? Be-
cause the rents, issues, and profits of §15,000
worth of real estate, according to our. i ule
of percentage, amount to $1,000; and every
man is set down as a pauper, I repeat, who is
a land-holder to the amount of $15,000, no
matter how productive his property may be;
no matter if he sits as a landlord receiving
quarterly his rents, and as idle as the lily cf
the field which toils not; neither does it spin.
This is the late law ; the proposed renewal
treats as a pauper the proprietorof $30,000 of
productive real estate, the whole issue of which
is net profit. A land-holder realizing $2,000
rent yearly is treated as a pauper in tins sys-
tem of taxation, the standard of which is so
incomparably high!
Is it true, then, that productive property is
taxed ? Is it true that productiveness is the
test? No, sir. Let me take the case of four
men possessed altogether of $00,000 worth of
real estate, all productive, and its production all
rental or profit; does it pay a shilling of tribute
to the Government? No, sir. Why? Be-
cause four men own it, and live upon the income
it yields. Under the pending sections this
statement will be true of $120,000 worth of
productive property owned by four persona
jointly or seveially. Side by side with this
|j60,000 or $120,000 worth of property, part of
the same block, if you please, is other $00,000
or $120,000 real estate, producing in the
same way the same issue annually. How much
does that pay? is it exempt like the other?
No, sir ; but a tax descends upon seventy-five
percent, of its value. Why? Because it is
represented by a single individual, and the
other piece of real estate is represented by four
individuals.
Is this just or equal? Is it impartial or
agrarian? Let me ask, is there any member
of this body who has looked into the British
system of income tax- without seeing that such
enormous inequalities, such absurd violations
of just and economic principles as these are 
carefully eschewed in Great Britain? Yet
here, not productive property is to be taxed,
but the agrarian dogma is to prevail that the
same property which in my hands is to pay no
tribute at all is to pay a tribute to every far-
thing of its value if it is in the hands of the man
next door whose pecuniary position is better
than mine. And this though 1 may be a drone
with no one to support, and he may delve and
be burdened with expenses.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator's argument
goes simply to the ground that small incomes
should be taxed as well as large ones. If small
incomeswere taxed, then the four men who own
the $00,000 would pay tax on their incomes;
but because we choose to exempt small incomes
and levy the tax upon the larger ones, that does
not militate against the argument. Bat the Sen-
ator overlooks, after all, theimportant fact that
in the case of the one man who has the $00,000,
his first $15,000 is exempt, just as it is m the
case of the others; it is only ihe surplus over
that upon which he pays, and the other men
not having the surplus do not have to pay ; but
he is put. on the same tooting exactly.
Mr. CONKLING. My ho norable friend is
kind enough to answer me midway, lie does
it ingeniously, because he turns away iiom the
paiucuiar issue between us at tins* moment,
but he shall not divert me liom the point. I
am now attacking his statement thai, the tux
is on the productiveness of properly. Such
other issues as are between us we will con-
sider in their turn. I am assailing as aigu-
ment, aud denying as statement, the assertion
that tne income tax is a tax on productive
property, and that tuerelore it is honest or
right that lour and one hall million people in
the State of New Yoik pay one ihird of a tax
protessed to be levied upon forty millions.
Again, am denying his explanation of tlie
fact that men aud property in ttie Weste.icape
Ihe income tax. lie says western properly is
not productive, and escapes tor Unit reason.
I Bay it is productive; rind escapes for a wholly
