3816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. DRAKE. If the Senator from Illinois
will allow me, I will state that I caused the
clerk some time ago to make a memorandum
of an amendment in the close of this section
which I desire to have made before the vote is
taken upon it; and I ask the Senator to allow
that to be read, and then present his amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the clerk to read the
amendment which I propose to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missburi modifies his amendment, aud it will
be read as modified.
The Chief Cleric. The last clause of the
amendment, commencing in the fifty-sixth line,
as modified reads:
And on proof of such pardon nnd acceptance,
which proof may be beard summarily on motion or
otherwise, the jurisdiction of the court in the caso
shall cease, and the court shall forthwith dismiss the
suit of such claimant.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I believe that does
not extend to reversing the decision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the de-
bate which has occurred on this amendment I
think has been calculated to mislead the Sen-
ate as to the action of the Court of Claims.
The Court of Claims has made no decisisn
that a pardon or an amnesty by the President
dispensed with the necessity of proving the
continued loyalty of the claimant. That court
has made no such decision.
Mr. KELLOGG. After the issuance of the
<pardon ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The court has not made
any such decision after the issuance of the
pardon. The Court, of Claims has not so held.
The Supreme Court of the United States has
made a decision of that character. Its precise
extent I cannot state, but the Senator from
Missouri has stated it, and probably correctly.
I-do not controvert his statement of it at all. I
have seen the opinion but have not read it with
sufficient care to know precisely to what extent
it goes. But the Court of Claims in deciding
the particular case of Padelford did not place it
upon theground «f his having been pardoned at
all. They placed their decision upon the ground
that be had been a person of continued loyalty;
that he had given no aid or comfort to the
rebellion. That was the opinion of the Court
6t Claims. They found that to be the fact.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator is slightly mis-
taken il'that is all he intends to say in reference
to that portion of the decision. The court
said that that was their finding unless a certain
fact which was found in their decision consti-
tuted voluntary aid to the rebellion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Which they did not
find.
Mr. DRAKE. Which they did not find, but
the Supreme Court did.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I do not know that it
would be advisable to state what the particular
case was,because we are legislating upon general
principles; but still I understand the particu-
lar case to have been something like this—I
think 1 am correct in the statement of the facts;
I will state them as I understand them. If
there is any controversy about them I will not
dwell upon it, because i do not think it is very
important. As I understand, this Mr. Padel-
ford was a Union man of unquestioned loyalty,
as much so as a mau could be, and that his
only act of giving aid and comfort to the rebel-
lion consisted in going security upon the offi-
cial bond of some confederate officer. Some-
body appointed to a civil office under the rebel
government was required to give a bond, and
this Mr. Padelford went his security upon that
bond. If lam not correct about that, I do not
wish to make any controversy about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend is right so far ;
but in addition to that he subscribed $5,000, as
president of his hank, to a confederate loan.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not. aware of the
otEer fac#. The information I had was that
this gentleman was a loyal man all the time ;
and the Court of Claims, without deciding that
he was a disloyal man, placed their decision, as
I understand it, finding a sort of special ver-
dict, I suppose, upon the ground of his loyalty.
The case went to the Supreme Court of the
United States, and there the court held that
by virtue of having received a pardon, or rather
by virtue of the proclamation of general am-
nesty issued by President Lincoln under an act
of Congress, he was in a condition to bring
this suit 
Mr. EDMUNDS. They first found that he
had given aid and comfort within the meaning
of the statute; and secondly, that the pardon
saved him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That states about the
case. My only object in referring to it at all
was to correct what seemed to be an impres-
sion that the Court of Claims had made an
erroneous decision. If they made an erroneous
decision -it was in regard to the fact. They
did not make any decision that the pardon
had the effect to authorize the claimant to sue
in their court.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Still they are bound by
the decision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly; and they
would follow it undoubtedly in other cases.
Now, then, I come to the case and to the
propriety of thislaw. We have all understood
from the beginning, and the action of Congress
has been based upon that understanding, that
we would not pay the claims of disloyal men
in the rebel States. Our legislation has gone
upon that understanding. We have gone fur-
ther than that in regard to the supplies that the
Quartermaster General and the Commissary
General were authorized to pay for ; we have not
allowed even loyal men in the rebel States to
bo paid for supplies that were furnished ; and
in our legislation givingjurisdietion to the Court
of Claims, we hare been particular to require
that the party bringing his claim in that court
must establish his loyalty, and establish it
affirmatively. He mustnot only not have been
disloyal, but he must have manifested on every
and al loccasions that he could with personal
safety make it manifest that he was in favor
of the Government of the United States; else
he is to have no standing in that court. That
has been our legislation; that has been the
understanding of Congress from the beginning.
The Court of Claims have carried outthat under-
standing. They have adopted rules and made
decisions which have required a party before
he could enter into their court at all to estab-
lish as the very first step his unquestioned
loyalty ; and he had no case, of course, unless
he did establish it.
Now, we understand that a decision has been
made by the Supreme Court of the United States
that contravenes this understanding of Con-
gress ; that that court has held that although
a person may have been disloyal, yet if he has
been pardoned or has taken the amnesty oath
under the proclamation of President Lincoln,
which was issued in pursuance of a law of Con-
gress, he may have a standing in court. I
think it is entirely competent for Congress to
refuse to let anybody sue the Government in
any court, and let every claimant come to Con-
gress and present his claim, and then we can
pay it or not, as we see proper. But Congress,
out of liberality to claimants, aud to give them
an opportunity to present their claims, has
organized a Court of Claims. We need not
have organized it. 'We could abolish the court
to-morrow. We can give it just such jurisdic-
tion as we please, and take from it such juris-
diction as we please. It is a court of modern
origin at best. There was no law authorizing
the Government to be sued by loyal or disloyal
men until within a few years past.
Now we have organized this court; but in
organizing it the understanding of Congress
has been that a man who goes into that court
to present any claim must have been loyal all
the time. The Supreme Court of the United
States in their recent decision have come to
the conclusion, and perhaps correctly as the
law stands, that a person who has had the
benefit of the general amnesty proclamation
issued in pursuance of law, and who remained
loyal after taking the oath prescribed by the
proclamation of the President, and whose prop-
erty was seized, as in this case, after the pro-
clamation issued, (for we must confine the rea-
soning of the court to the case they had under
consideration,) has a right to maintain a stand-
ing in the Court of Claims, That was not my
understanding. I am not assailing the decis-
ion of the court; it may have been right. I
do not believe it was the understanding of
Congress. That was not what we meant. It
was not the policy adopted by the nation
through its legislative department. That being
so, I am willing to say so, and I think we ac-
complish that whole purpose by taking the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri and
striking out the whole of it except the words
which I will read :
Provided, That no pardon or amnesty granted by
the President shall be admissible in evidence on the
part of any claimant in the Court of Claims to estab-
lish the standing of any claimant in said court or
his right to bring or maintain suit therein.
I am willing to vote fer that, because that
was the understanding of Congress in its legis-
lation, that no man shall be permitted to have
a. standing in that court or to maintain suit
therein in consequence of any pardon or
amnesty ; and that no pardon or amnesty shall
be admissible in evidence for the purpose of
giving him a standing in that court. I think
that accomplishesthe whole object, and it is in
a few words. There is a portion of this long
amendment of the Senator from Missouri that
looks harsh. I think it will accomplish no
more than the words I have proposed, and I
think there is no necessity for putting it in.
If the party cannot go into court with his
amnesty or his pardon for the purpose of get-
ting a standing there, then that will do him no
good so far as prosecuting his claim is con-
cerned. I should be very glad if the Senator
from Missouri could see it in this light and
would accept as an amendment what I have
sent to the Chair, striking out the whole of his
amendment except the words which I have
left unerased.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois to the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, a little
before three o'clock to-day, when the Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] was making what
by the agreement of the Senate was to be the
concluding argument on the question then
pending, I left the Senate for a few moments in
company with the other Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Nye] and the senior Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] intending to return,
as I did, at three o'clock to be here in time to
vote. But on my return I was informed that
during my absence my colleague had made
some remarks in reply to remarks made by me
last Saturday morning. And now, having seen
those remarks as taken down by the reporter,
I cannot permit the Senate to adjourn without
calling their attention to what I conceive to be,
in fact what I know to be, the great miscon-
ception'and error made in those remarks.
I must premise, however, that my colleague
had from last Saturday until to-day without
asking the Senate to hear llim upon this sub-
ject. My remarks were published in Sunday
morning's Globe. I was in my seat almost the
entfre day Monday. I was here almost all of
yesterday. I was here from about one o'clock,
or a little after one o'clock, until I went out of
the Senate at three o'clock, or a little before
three o'clock, to-day. During all that time,
two days and a half, my colleague never made
the slightest reference to my remarks. But
availing himself of a few minutes not occupied
by t'he.Senator from Nevada, who was entitled
