984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
upon the blood of the people; " the people"
whom we all love so well. Leave them to shift
for themselves instead of encouraging and
maintaining them in their idleness ; let them
shoulder their bundles and go five or ten miles
outside of this District; let the fields there
which are now being overrun with briers and
undergrowth receive the benefit of the labor
which t hey are so able to bestow upon them, and
for which they will be well rewarded, and we
will then hear no more complaint about their
wanting something to do.
But suppose, for the sake of the argument,
that all the recipients of the Government
bounty proposed by this bill are actually objects
of charity, I ask gentlemen what right they have
to give away the money of their own or my con-
stituents for their support ? I ask each gentle-
man here this question: suppose the farmers
and mechanics of your district should place
$30,000 in your hands to pay their taxes or
lor any other specific purpose, and that instead
of using that fund for the purposes for which
it was intrusted to you you should squander it
upon whatever object you might consider as
appealing to your charity, would you not con-
sider yourself, would not the world be justified
in considering you as guilty of a high breach
of trust? Would you not, in plain terms, con-
sider yourself as guilty of robbing your cestny
quetrust? Will any gentleman have thehardi-
liood to deny that such a proceeding would be
the grossest departure from moral rectitude?
Would any gentleman after having done such
a thing feel like he could look an honest .man
in the face? There is not a man in this House
who would not condemn and despise such a
flagrant breach of trust.
Cut, sir, 1 ask some gentleman more skilled
in casuistry than I am to tell me what would
be the difference between that case and the
one now before the Committee of the Whole.
Here you are the trustee of the public funds ;
they are committed to your care for a certain, j
definite, specific purpose. That purpose is the
defraying of the expenses of the Government,
to be administered upon the most economical
plan possible. Every dollar of that money
expended over and above what is necessary
lor the accomplishment of that purpose is just
so much extorted from the people by legalized
robbery. I am sustained in this position by
the most distinguished writers upon political
economy who have ever given any attention
at all to this subject.
The_ money of the people, then, having been
committed in trust for a specific purpose,
namely, to defray the just, legitimate, and hon-
est obligations of the Government, upon what
principle can you justify yourselves in donating
it for charitable purposes of any kind? Turn
to the Constitution "of the United States and
then tell me what clause of that instrument,
either directly or by anyjustimplication, author-
izes us to resolve the House of Representatives
or the Congress of the United States into a
grand benevolent association for the distribu-
tion of stale bread, beef-shin soup, and old
clothes. [Laughter.]
If gentlemen think they have the right to
treat the public money as their own let them
go home to their horny-handed constituents
and I will warrant they will teach them better.
Yes, sir, go home; and when your constituents
have left their plows and hammers and planes
and saws to meet yon at the cross-roads, to
hang enraptured upon the silvery tones of your
eloquent voices, and to drink your grog and
cider, [laughter,] tell them that you have given
away $30,000 of their money,money wrung from j
their thews and sinews by the tax-gatherer, for !
a purpose in which yon were neither morally, |
legally, nor constitutionally justified—tell them j
all this, and my word for it they will relieve '
you trom any farther service upon this floor. |
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman from '
Kentucky yield to me for a question ?
Mr. KNOTT. I will hear the gentleman's I
question. I
Mr. BENTON. I would like to have the
gentleman state upon what principle, according
ij to liis reasoning, he would justify any legis-
!| lative appropriation for charitable purposes.
Mr. KNOTT. Well, Mr, Chairman, I have
not very often enjoyed the blessed privilege of
speech in this House, and Jf was in hopes that
having been so fortunate to-day I might be
allowed to proceed without interruption. I
mean no disrespect to the gentleman in what
I am about to say, and I will answer his ques-
, tion directly. I have been here now about
three years, and in witnessing the manner in
i which debates are carried on upon this floor it
has occurred to me that if some of the members
of this Honse had been present when our
Saviour delivered the Sermon on the Mount
they would have asked him to yield for a ques-
tion. [Laughter.]
But I will answer the question. I do not
1 justify the Government of the United States
in making an appropriation for purely charita-
ble purposes in any case. Such an appropri-
ation cannot be justified under the Constitu-
- tion. The Government of the United States
is one of delegated powers. It was organized
for certain specific purposes. Whatever amount
I of money may be necessary to be expended for
the accomplishment of those purposes the Con-
gress of the United States may properly and
| constitutionally appropriate. Except for those
specified purposes we have no right to appro-
priate a solitary dollar. But, sir, suppose that
: we have the constitutional right to squander
the people's money in public charity, what can
justify us in giving $30,000 to the poor of Wash-
ington and not a cent to the poor of Baltimore,
New York, Boston, Cincinnati, Louisville, or
St. Louis? Why not resolve ourselves into a
grand charitable committee and relieve the
poor, not only in all these cities but in all the
destitute neighborhoods in the entire land?
What special claim has the city of Washington
upon the bounty of Congress more than the
city of Brooklyn, or the city of Louisville, or
the city of Cincinnati?
The gentleman. from Illinois [Mr. Cook]
says that the Government owns one half of the
j taxable property of the city, and does not pay
j taxes upon it. That may be all true ; but in
consideration of that fact, what has the Gov-
ernment done for Washington city? It has
expended within the last ten years over two
million dollars to supply its inhabitants with
water. It expends on an average at least
$150,000 annually to supply this city with a
police force; $192,750 has been asked in the
book of estimates for this purpose alone for the
ensuing fiscal year. How many hundreds of ;
thousands have been expended by the Govern- j
ment to pave the streets and avenues of this i
city I will not undertake to say ; but I do know j
that there is now pending a proposition to
expend $155,000 to pave Pennsylvania avenue
alone. I know, moreover, that thousands of
dollars are spent annually to light that avenue.
I see by the book of estimates that it is pro-
posed to pay $1,000 next year for opening the
sewer-traps, and $1,000 for sweeping the snow
off the pavements from the President's House
down to the Treasury.
But, Mr. Chairman, I might occupy an hour
in enumerating the bounties of the Government
to the city of Washington ; but I do not pro-
pose to do so now. Hereafter, if I shall be
able to raise my voice to a sufficient height to
arrest the attention of the Speaker, or if some
gentleman who is more fortunate in getting the
floor than I have ever been, will be as kind in
yielding to me as I have been in yielding to
gentlemen on this occasion, I propose to ven-
tilate the system of pillage that has been prac-
ticed upon the Government of the United States I
from its foundation to the present time in be- i
half of this corporation. I propose at the first
opportunity to treat all these matters seriatim.
I have but a word further to say on the ques-
tion now. Solomon, I believe it is, tells us
there are three things that are never satis- :
fied, yea, four things say not, It is enough: the
grave; the barren womb; the earth that is not
tilled with water ; and the fire that saiih not
It is enough." But, sir, if he could have looked
through the long vista of coming ages, and seen
the crowds that throng the galleries of this
Capitol and importune the committees in their
rooms, imploring the gift of benevolence from
this Government, he would have added the
corporation of Washington city to the list.
[Laughter. ]
1 Now, Mr. Chairman, we see that the per-
1 sons for whose benefit this bounty is proposed
' are not all of them objects of charity, but that
in fact the least portion of this money will g0
toward such-objects. We see in the next place
| that we have no moral right to give this money
any more than any other trustee has to appro-
priate the trust funds in his hands for any pur-
poses of private charity. We have no consti-
tutional power to rob the people by taxation
in order to keep up a lazar-house in Wash-
ington city. We are under no obligations to
Washington city particularly, more than to
any other city in the United States, to feed and
clothe its poor. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. C#ok] said, however, that we ought to
do this because Congress has failed to author-
ize the people of the District to tax themselves
for this purpose. That gentleman has been
chairman of the Committee for the District of
Columbia since the 4th of March last, and we
have so far heard nothing from him of the
necessity of our passing a bill of that kind;
and there are gentlemen in the House who
will vote for this bill, and who have been mem-
bers of that committee for many years, but
who, so far, have never brought forward any
such proposition.
But, sir, delinquency on the part of Congress
in this particular will not justify us in doing
wrong to cover up that delinquency. Because
we have been remiss in our duty in this regard,
that fact does not confer upon ua- a consti-
tutional power which the framers of the Con-
stitution have withheld from Congress. Nor
does that fact justify us in violating the moral
obligation we owe to our constituents by squan-
dering their money in this way. But there is
another consideration alluded to by the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Logan] which is enti-
tled to great weight, and that is that possibly
all this money will not go to feed the hungry
and clothe the naked, but will be used to influ-
ence the approaching municipal elections. I
do not say it will or will not be used for political
purposes ; but the danger that it will must be
patent to all. It may be doled out ostensibly
in charity; but what results from that? It will
attract to this city an additional number to be
thrown on the public bounty of this Govern-
ment, and their voices will have a potential
influence in controlling the destinies of this
city. I agree with the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] that we ought not to hold out that
inducement to those who are not disposed to
earn an honest livelihood elsewhere to come to
this city to be fed out of the public crib.
For these reasons, which I have hurriedly
and imperfectly attempted to give, I shall per-
sistently oppose the appropriation of one soli-
tary dollar of the public money for the purpose
indicated in this bill. I should consider my-
self recreant to the trust reposed in me by
those who honored me with a seat here if I
did ; and I hope that members of the House
will, on calm and mature deliberation, see their
duty to their constituents as I do to mine, how-
ever sympathetic they may be, or however
inclined they may be to give money that does
not belong to them for the relief of the poor.
There is a plan by which all this distress can
be relieved without taxing the people a single
dollar, and that is for every man who wants to
relieve these poor, brawny-armed, stalwart,
sturdy vagabonds, to put his hand down into
his own pocket and bring out his own money.
There is no law against that, nor does the Con-
stitution forbid it, although strict morality may.
