1870.
THE COJSTGKISSIONAL GLOBE.
476.1
different reason. Lands which need only be
tickled with a hoe to laugh with a harvest, the
Senator says are unproductive property, and
therefore not taxed! I show him that these
lands teem with productiveness, and escape
taxation merely because they are distributed
among many in place of being owned by a few.
Mr. MORTON. Ah!
Mr. CONKLINGr. "Ah !" says the Senator.
He is anxious again to change the issue, to go
to some other branch of the subject. One thing
at a time ; and at this time I hold him to the
unfounded and untenable proposition that the
income tax is a tax on productive property.
Treating it as a tax on property at all, it is a
tax depending upon where the title to property
may reside. It tramples under foot the prin-
ciple of impartiality hammered outou the anvil
of British income tax provisions—the principle
respected in England by applying the tax to
lands, and making it, among other things, a
tax on the rents, issues, and profits of real
estate, no matter in whose hands the estate
may be.
Disguise it as we may, the scheme is agrarian,
sectional, and unfair. The same kind and value
of property pays tax in one State and no tax
in another. If constituencies and people from
States which escape can find in their own in-
terest so great inducement as to seek to inflict
invidious burdens upon other localities, it will
be, if not a new, a hurtful illustration of the
blinding and disturbing force of self-interest.
1 said, Mr. President, that I did not rise to
remark generally upon this subject. I repeat
it, and turn from the point to which I have
adverted to another.
The Senator from Indiana with much em-
phasis commended the proposed income tax
because it would tax the holders of bonds of
the United States. He said it was the only
tax we could visit upon bonds or bondholders.
He said the contraci to exempt the bonds of
the United States from taxation tied our hands
as to every tax but an income tax. He holds
that by express words in the statute the bonds
are treed from State and municipal taxation,
and by implication from all national taxation,
except only the income tax. Iam unfortunate
in not seeing with the clearness of the Senator
the right to lay a new income tax upon bond-
holders with others which by act of Congress
we expressly said we would not lay ; but I pass
over tins now and come to the praise the Sen-
ator bestows on the proposed tax because it
will reach bonds and bondholders.
Why, Mr. President, has the honorable Sen-
ator forgotten thatupon a report of the Finance
Committee, a more unanimous report, accord-
ing to tuy recollection, than the divided report
before us, which I infer commands a majority
of but one in the committee—upon a report, I
believe, unanimous, this body adopted a short
time ago, in a bill known as the funding bill,
a provision which expressly and forever, as to
$1,200,000,000 of the bonded debt, exempts
every bond from all income tax?
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a moment ?
Mr. OONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; and that fact, T
take it, upsets the Senator's argument. We
proposed, in the bill authorizmgthose bonds, to
exempt them from the income tax, with a view
to increasing their negotiability and their value
in i.he market, as an inducement to surrender
up oihois that are liable to the income tax. 1
a'iMiiend the argument, to the Senator.
Mr. OONKLING. I am sorry I cannot
aeiee iwih the Senator from Indiana. I wish
1 coisid agree with him, even when he is tired
cf -'.lie point and wants to try his luck at
:"h.ther. it shows how differently the same
ihieps strike different minds, in the first place,
the Senator misunderstands, or seems to mis-
nnd'-rstand, the point and purpose for which
i n i'i r to the funding bill. 1 will state my
pmpnse: hal lir.it, I vilhngiy meet him upon
ike issue ho now invites.
I do not understand when we enacted as to
future bonds that they should be free from all
taxation that thereby we made an argument
or upset an argument as to the honesty of lay-
ing iresli taxes upon other bonds already issued
and paid for upon the conditions which at-
tached to them. On the contrary, if it can be
supposed to have had any relation to the ques-
tion of the propriety and right of reviving the
income tax at all, I should hold the act rather
a recognition of the truth that the time had
come when, as to the bonds of the United
States, the income tax was to cease.
But it was not for that purpose that I referred
to the funding bill at all. Let me tell the hon-
orable Senator the purpose for which I referred
to it. Political considerations, popular effects,
enter a good deal into matters such as this.
When a Christian nation smoked Arabs to
death in a cave in Algiers a public journal
cried out, "What will Europe say?" The
question, "What will America say?" has
much to do with the votes cast even in this
high place, and by the elect of States.
What, think you, Mr. President, will Amer-
ica say when America looks upon the measure
before ns, should it become law, and then at
the funding bill, withits immunities and exemp-
tions ? What will America say when the bond-
holders, the "bloated bondholders," as the
licentiousness of faction calls them, are ex-
pressly exempted from all income tax by a
Congress which in the same breath pursues
the teachers, the preachers, the book-keepers,
the mechanics, the men who earn with toil
and pain, and acknowledge with honesty a
slender income, which leaves their families to
sigh for the luxuries if not for the comforts
of life?
I wonder if the argument will be answered
by the explanation that the exemption for the
bondholders was put in as cork to float the
bonds, as an element of buoyancy to bear
t.hem up, and induce banks and capitalists to
buy them or take them? Suppose it will; ad-
mit, for the sake of the argument, that there is
no pledge that the income tax shall cease in
1870. Concede everything insisted upon by
the friends of the income tax, and then, Mr.
President, tell me what sort of a figure is to
be cut by the political party which, in the
presence of events surrounding us, with a
bonded debt of $2,000,000,000 held by cap-
italists at home and abroad, inscribes upon
its banner, "No income tax to be paid either
by foreigners or Americans who are capitalists
and hold our bonds, but an income tax to be
extorted from the needle-woman, the me-
chanic, the clergyman, the artisan, if in three
hundred and sixty five days, from muscles and
brain, come anything in excess of $1,000 or
$2,000?"
My impression is that when we come to the
hustings, the stamp, that place of places for
Americans, the place where no American suf-
fers by comparison with anybody else, it will
tax every the ingenuity of members of this
body to explain to the plain people what arith-
metic it was, what, public exigency it was, what,
fortuitous combination of unforseen eontm
gencies it was,which made it necessary to send
out scot free the bonded indebtedness of the
country, to give a license against all income
tax forever to the bondholders, the bondhold-
ers in foreign lands and at home, and then
pursue the small, the weak, the moderate, the
precarious in their circuinstances, with a tax
which I pronounce more indefensible, more
flagitious in its influence and effects than any-
thing yet invented in our country as a device
to raise revenue.
Mr. President, there is that in the topic be-
fore us which tempts me to discussion. I am j
moved by a zeal which, perhaps, comes out of |
the indignation reaching me from com muni- j
ties and men whose records and histories in- (
spire no district of the sincerity or patriotism |
of their judgments; the indignation oi men and j
of group's of men who may challenge eompan- j
son with any of their countrymen for zealous,
ardent, and undeviating devotion to the inter-
ests of their country ; from men who in hours
of greatest extremity and doubt went forward
with a bound to lay their jewels upon the altar
of their country. The warm convictions of
such men, the earnest judgment with which
they condemn the scheme of devising a new
income tax may, I trust, plead for me who so
inadequately utter their sentiments, if, indeed,
I need apology for the zeal with which I con-
fess I support my motion to strike out the
pending sections.
A war successfully conducted is over—a war
which taxed the nation as no war ever taxed
a people. An acknowledged great surplus is
in the Treasury; a people paying a tribute
which was never paid by any community in
the tide of time, not even by Britain after
Waterloo, has atlast reached the occasion when
law-givers and economists say that taxes are
to be dismissed. One tax, thus far paid, has
expired. Other taxes remain; many, many
millions are to be stricken off; even gross re-
ceipts of railroads are to be exonerated; and
in the midst of all this it is proposed to call
back to life the one dead tax, the war tax, the
unjust tax, the tax of doubtful constitutionality,
the tax which the public faith stands plighted
not to revive, the tax which is no longer needed,
the tax which, if the bonds of the United States
are to be exempted, becomes, on the terms
now proposed, too inconsiderable to deserve the
forgiveness which temptation may expect.
But I rose for a limited purpose, and I will
not further overstep my intention.
Mr. COLE. I do not rise to consume more
than a few minutes of the time of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. With the permission of the
Senator I will inquire whether a recess has
been ordered for this evening ?
Mr. COLE. I do not know.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate, by
unanimous consent, last night agreed that, there
should be an evening session to-night at half
past seven o'clock, for the consideration of the
Southern Pacific railroad bill; but did not state
at what time the Senate would take a recess.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that at half past
four o'clock the Senate take a recess until half
past seven o'clock.
Mr. MORTON. Say five o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER.. Oh, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope that motion will
not be put until we get a vote and dispose of
this question.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator understands
that this evening is set apart for another pur-
pose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know ; but I hope we
can get, a vote on this question by five o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better take
a recess at half past four, as we are to come
here this evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield to allow the motion
to be made?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that at half
past four o'clock the Senate take a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, in obedience to
the almost unanimous desire of the people of
the State which I have the honor in part to
represent, 1 shall vote for a total repeal of the
income tax. I do it, not upon that ground
alone, however, but because my judgmrsL is
against it.; and that judgment is based upon
the unequal operation of the tax law.
A good deal has been said by those who are
in favor of its continuance in justification of
it, alleging, as they do, that it operates as
equally and as justly as any other tax. This
proposition I am prepared to controvert. Its
operation, so iar as it relates to the State of
California., is exceedingly unequal and unjust ;
and as I have m my hand some figures, 1 will
content myself by presenting them to the Sen-
