986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Sir, it is a mere evasion of the responsibility
resting upon us to say that we propose to feed
able-bodied negroes here in the city of Wash-
ington and in the galleries of this Capitol. It
is not true as a matter of fact. There is no
such proposition here, and I know of no one
who would support any such proposition.
Now, one word as to the propriety of our
helping the poor of this city. Why, sir, the
very land alone which was donated to the
General Government when this city was laid
out has been sold by the General Government
for a greater sum than has ever been expended
by the Government for the benefit of this city.
And it has been stated by honorable Senators
in their places in the Senate of the United
States—I have not had time to verify their
statements, but I take them on their author-
ity—that all the appropriations for the District
of Columbia have not equaled the interest of
the money paid into the Treasury of the United
States for the land that was actually donated
to the Government when the national capital
tvao lA/tnta/l horo
Mr. SLOCUM*. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COOK. Certainly.
Mr. SLOCUM. Does not the argument of
the gentleman apply with equal force to my
own district? The General Government owns
property in my district which never cost it
$200,000, but which would sell to-morrow
under the hammer for $20,000,000. Now, if
the argument of the gentleman is a good one
to justify us in helping the poor of this District,
it will apply with tenfold more force to my
own district.
Mr. COOK. I apprehend that the Govern-
ment has never received anything directly from
the district of the gentleman. The Govern-
ment owns $100,000,000 worth of property in
this District which is exempt wholly from tax-
ation, and the chargcs fall with doable weight
upon the remaining property-holders of the
District. That is not just. If the rule is to be
adopted which was advocated by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Knott,] surely the Gov-
ernment of the United States should payapon
its property a rate of taxation proportionate
to that levied upon the private property owned
in this District. There is no fairness in any-
thing else, no justice at all. Let it be pro-
vided that the property of this nation located
in this District shall be subject to a tax in
proportion to the tax levied upon other prop-
erty in this District, and you will then have
provided for the payment of a larger sum of
money than you expend for the District of
Columbia in all the ways in which you expend
money for this District.
Mr. CREBS. I would ask the gentleman
what is the number of paupers in this District
that require the aid of the Government?
Mr. COOK. I can only state from the
report of these benevolent societies. I have
applied to these benevolent societies and re-
ceived reports from each of th'em. It appears
by their statements that there are eleven hun-
dred disabled and aged negroes in this District
who were formerly slaves. A large proportion
of these, as would appear by the names on
the list, are women. There are two hundred
and eignty-four orphan children in the Home
school. There are supported by the Provident
Aid Society, in whole or in part, some two
thousand families in the District.
Mr. VAN TRUMP, I would like to put a
question to the honorable gentleman from
Illinois. Apart from these general arguments
as to the objects of this proposed charity, I
would like him to point out to me any article
or section or clause of the Constitution giving
us power, express or implied, to put our hands
into the pockets of the people and apply their
money to a charity of any kind.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Chairman, that question
has been asked here in various forms, and I
have answered it as well as I could. I do not
know that I can answer it any better than I
have already answered it. We invite these
people here from different parts of the country;
they come here with their families. Through
sickness, misfortune, or providential visitation
they fall into needy circumstances. There is
no law in this District, we have passed no law,
[ authorizing the return of these people to the
places whence they came. In this way they
' become a charge not natural to this District,
j and for which it should not fairly be held re-
'■ sponsible, but which ought to be provided for
by the legislative power in precisely the same
manner as paupers in any locality would be
provided for by law. That is my answer to
the gentleman's question. I hold that the
authority vested in Congress to legislate exclu-
sively for this District gives us the power to
pass a bill of this kind. Of the paupers in this
District probably not one in ten is properly
chargeable upon the District. They are gen-
erally old, infirm, broken-down negroes, for-
merly slaves, who have come in here. The
children of these persons might have been their
support had they been permitted to rear their
own children and been recognized as entitled
; to their services. Those children have in
I many instances been sold away from them.
These people are now helpless and starving,
' and there is nobody to whom they can appeal
for assistance unless we grant it. There is
! no pauper law in this District. We have pro-
j vided no legal mode of relief for the people in
this condition. We are now asked to appro-
' priatea sum of money barely sufficient to keep
j these people from dying by actual starvation
in the streets of Washington. I speak strongly
upon this matter because I know the facts.
I yield to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Twichell.]
Mr. TWICHELL. Mr. Chairman, these
needy people of this District call for a different
kind of food from that which they are getting
here on this floor. They ask for bread ; they
are in a starving condition. There are fifty-
three persons, men and women, who are now
engaged in this city as visiting committees,
who are going all about the city examining
into the condition of every person seeking
charitable relief. These visitors report that
three hundred families in this District are at this
moment dependent from day to day for their
food upon the supplies that may be furnished
them through these visitors. If gentlemen on
this floor who may have doubts as to the neces-
sity of this measure will go to-night to the room
of this visiting committee and spend one hour
in listening to their reports I shall have no
question with regard to the vote that may be
given upon this bill.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to the amend-
ments which have been offered, because in my
view they do not meet the exigencies of the
case. They are not speedy enough in their
operation. They propose to ignore the ser-
vices of these fifty-three charitable persons who
now spend their time day and night in finding
out and aiding those who need assistance. I
yesterday visited their rooms in company with
a gentleman more interested than most of us
in this question, and I learned that they are
at this very moment looking anxiously for the
passage of this or some similar bill which may
afford the funds absolutely needed to alleviate
the distresses of the destitute in this District.
I trust that no gentleman will vote against this
bill until he has informed himself as to the
facts. The people to be relieved by this meas-
ure are not in these galleries, for they cannot
come here. Many of them are upon beds of
sickness; some of them are destitute of bed
and clothing. If you could see them as they
are I have no question the vote of every mem-
ber of this House would be in favor of the bill
just as it stands.
j [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Chairman, I hoped
that to secure the immediate passage of this
! bill it was but simply necessary to call the
j attention of the House to it. It comes to us i
from the Senate with not a dissenting vote, and
the united voice of the people of the District
■and humanity earnestly pray at the hands of a
beneficent Government the sorely needed aid
of the poor which this bill judiciously contem-
plates.
Mr. SLOCUM. I want to know whether the
gentleman's statement is correct that this bill
comes to us from the Senate without one dis-
senting voice? I understand, for one, thatsuch
is not the fact.
Mr. HAMILTON. I understand the fact to
be as I have stated it.
Mr. SLOCUM. It is a bill which gave rise
to great debate in the Senate, and was opposed
very strenuously by many members of that
body.
Mr. HAMILTON. I understand the bill
came to this House from the Senate without
a dissenting vote.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. The gentleman is cer-
tainly mistaken.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Chairman, is it not
the religious duty of the Government, which
has exclusive control of the affairs of the Dis-
trict'of Columbia, to provide for the helpless
and needy whom misfortune finds within its
borders ? Does it matter how they came here?
If it does, then a greater reason can be found
why the General Government should hasten to
make this essential provision for their aid,
comfort, and support. They are not properly
the poor of Washington, nor of the District,
but are the poor of the nation, whom the dan-
gers and calamities of war impelled hither.
Thousands of them, white and black alike,
came from Maryland, from Virginia, and from
all parts of the South, driven by the armies,
escaping from the chains of slavery, fleeing
from the terrors of rebellion here to the home
of safety and freedom. Where else should
they, could they flee, than to the capital of
their country ? It was by no choice, possibly,
of their own that they came ; it is by no choice,
possibly, of their own that they remain here.
Numbers of them are indigent, helpless,
friendless, and cannot get away, and desire to
pass the few remaining years of a weary pil-
grimage in the nation's Mecca. The summer
of their lives was spent in the compulsory,
unrequited service of others, else they had
laid up support against this day of want. We
may complain that those among them who are
physically able to help themselves should call
upon the Government for assistance. Hun-
dreds are ready and willing to earn their live-
lihood, but cannot find employment. There
are no mills or factories, and but limited public
works in operation here, and their want of
employment is as great as their want of the
absolute necessities of life. They call for
both. Their cry for food is loud. Shall they
call in vain? We are told that starvation
stares them in the face. Shall the Govern-
ment be less benevolent than individuals?
The city, owning but one half of the property
of the District, is doing its duty to them; and
shall the Government, owning the other half,
on which it pays no taxes, fail in the equal
duly it owes to its needy citizens? Where else
than here under the very shade of the Cap-
itol are such meager provisions made for the
amelioration of the condition of the indigent?
Let us blot out this reproach by a unanimous
passage of this bill for the relief of the poor at
the seat of Government. Unless gentlemen
have visited the Island and places without the
city but within the District—the environs of the
city—they can have no knowledge of the extent
of the destitution or the lamentable condition
of the poor people here, hundreds of whom
are totally, physically unable to earn their daily
bread. Illy supplied with clothing and fuel, >t
is fortunate for them and fortunate for the con-
sciences of the authorities that the winter has
been so gentle. Alms and charities are often
denied because of a doubt of their being applied
to the purpose intended. In this case there
is no room for such doubt. The societies and
