3818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
I do not wish to delay the Senate at all. I do
not care to go further. What I rose to do was
simply to vindicate myself from the apparent
bad faith with which I seemed to be charged
by my colleague.
I repeat that I made no agreement with the
Senator from Nevada. I was a party to no
such agreement. I said not. one word about it
on the floor of the Senate. I said not one
word about it in private, except to say to my
colleague as I left his side that I was in favor
of that proposition. That is all. From the
nine the Senatorfrom Nevada made that prop-
osition until the Senator from California ob-
jected there was not a lapse of five minutes.
That is the truth about it; and I say once more
lhat I had notthe least idea in the world that my
colleague left the Senate Chamber on account
of ill health, and much less that he left it with
any idea that an agreement had been made,
and that I was a party to that agreement, that
the vote should be taken on Saturday and the
Senate should adjourn at that time on Friday
night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall detain the Senate
bula moment in regard to this personal matter,
because I think the Senate has substantially
the facts from the statements of myself and
my colleague. I desire always in our official
and personal relations with each other to treat
my colleague with courtesy, and 1 always ex-
pect of him the same in return, and I shall
exact of him precisely the same meed of cour-
tesy that I would yield to him with pleasure.
He complains that I have delayed replying.
I will only say that the subject which was
pending upon our long Friday night session
was not up again till yesterday; and I intended
yesterday to make some brief reply; but the
sudden adjournment, and the arrangement
made last night, prevented me from doing it
then. Nor did I care much about it this morn-
ing, for by the arrangement that had been
made the minority had the opportunity to do
all the talking, and I did not. want to encroach
on their time. I did not ask any of them to
give me live minutes to make explanation.
Then, my political friend and associate [Mr.
Stewart] was entitled to close the debate, and
I did not like to ask him to yield to me, be-
cause he had charge of the bill. But there
seemed to be a hiatus of five minutes between
the close of the speech of the Senator from
Nevada and three o'clock. Then it was that
my honorable friend from Virginia [Mr. John-
ston] suggested that the vote should be delayed
on account of the absence of some of his polit-
ical associates, who, it was said, had agreed to
take the vote at three o'clock, and that we
ought not to take the vote until that time. I
then asked the indulgence of the Senate to
make the remarks I did at five minutes before
three o'clock. That is the explanation of the
delay.
Now, in regard to the facts as the}' occurred,
I thiuk the statement I made is substantially
correct. That what I mentioned occurred after
eleven o'clock, I know. The statement read
by my colleague shows it clearly enough. The
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Fowler] rose to
speak, as he states to me, about half past ten.
That is according to my recollection. The
Senator spoke from three quarters of an hour
to an hour, as he tells me. I went away dur-
ing his remarks. It was while the Senator from
Tennessee was speaking, if I remember aright,
that I had the colloquy; and I feel quite sure
that not only myself but other Senators under-
stood that at least my colleague, who repre-
sented the Democratic minority of ten, was
willing to let the vote go over, and I had gone
to my neighbor who had charge of the bill,
[Mr. Stewart,] and he had agreed to the same
thing. It seemed to be understood. It is true
these two contracting parties were not brought
together; but I supposed it was generally
understood that the vote would go- over, and
I acted on the faith of that understanding.
As to the particular time when the objection
was made by the Senator from California I was
not here to know; and perhaps I may havo
been led into an error in regard to the time
that elapsed before my colleague replied and
the time that I left, by the Globe. The Globe
shows that two or three speeches, one made by
the Senator from Tennessee and one made by
the Senator from California, which probably
was a long one, were withheld from publication
for the time being; but it is unquestionably
true that I went away with the expectation, in
consequence of the informal conversation be-
tween myself and my colleague, that the vote
would not be taken that night. I went away
with a proposition in which I took a deep in-
terest, made by myself, pending. I would not
have gone under any circumstances but for that
understanding, and because I was unwell, a
thing that I aui glad to say is rather rare for
me. It was known to Senators around me
that I did go away unwell. I did mention that
casually, but not as a matter of formal com-
plaint to my colleague.
I think under the circumstances, and I sub-
mit to my colleague's sober judgment whether,
when he rose to reply to me, he ought not to
have said then what he has said now, that I
complained of being unwell and went away
when there was a general talk about an ad-
journment? I do not complain of my col-
league trying to arraign me for my arraignment
of the Democratic party. We are accustomed
to tbat kind of political colloquy. But I do
think he ought not to have suggested anything
from which any of our fellow Senators would
draw the idea that I would make a grave
proposition here and then run away and leave
it to take care of itself, when I thought he had
sufficient knowledge of the facts to know that
I went away for a good reason. That is what
I complain of.
But, sir, I do not think this is a matter worth
pursuing. As I said before, I took the oppor-'
tunity, in a casual five minutes allowed me, to
make this statement this afternoon, and I think
what I stated was substantially correct. I may
be incorrect in regard to the time when my
colleague replied to me, but I certainly never
charged him with entering into collusion with
the honorable Senator from California to make
the objection. I never charged him with that,
nor do my remarks bear that construction.
But that the Senator from California did make
the objection when there seemed to be a kind
of acquiescence all around that there should
bean adjournment took me by surprise, because
I take it that all these arrangements that are
made hereof a political character between the
opposite parties ought to be observed with the
most scrupulous good faith. I have always
held myself bound by any arrangement, even
of an informal or imperfect character, that was
made in behalf of my political friends by any
one who was authorized or who was supposed
to be authorized under the circumstances to
make it. I dismiss the matter without further
remark.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not want to prolong
this matter, but I must reply to one observa-
tion of my colleague. He says that I ought to
have called attention, when I spoke of his
absence, to the reason of his absence. He for-
gets what I just stated, when I affirmed on my
honor as a man that I had not the least idea
that he was absent on account of sickness. He
had said casually that he was unwell and thought
about going home. I felt the same way, and I
felt like going home, too, if I could geta chance,
and I should have been very glad to get a
chance to go homo. I was extremely anxious
to do it. Some of the Senators who saw me
worry through that long night, with my appar-
ent stamina, may think I was quite willing to
stay here ; but I do assure them I was a sicker
man than my colleague, I think, and I would
have been quite as glad as he, and perhaps
more so, to be in my bed, but I could not get
there. If I had the least idea in the world that
my colleague was away on account of sickness
I certainly should have stated that; but I had
not the remotest idea tbat he was away on
account of sickness, much less that he was
away on account of any agreement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois
to the amendment of the Senator from Missouri,
which will be reported; it has not yet been.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment so that, if amended, it will
read:
Provided, That no pardon or amnesty granted by
the President shall be admissible in evidence on the
part of any claimant in the Court of Claims to estab-
lish the standing of any claimant in said court, or his
right to bring or maintain suit therein.
Mr. NYE. I think I shall favor the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois ; but I should
like to have that part of my speech which was
unfinished when the Senate took a recess read
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When the Sen-
ate resumed the consideration of the appro-
priation bill this evening the Chair recognized
the Senator from Nevada as entitled to the
floor for the purpose of completing his speech,
unfinished at the recess, but he was not pres-
ent. The Senator from Nevada now takes
the floor and asks that the remainder of his
remarks be read by the Secretary.
Mr. THURMAN. The remainder of that
telegram? Will it be in order to have the case
of a horrid murder that I saw happened up in
New York yesterday read too ?
Mr. NYE. The communication will speak
for itself, if my honorable friend is not too
uneasy to listen.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Seu-
ator will not insist upon reading that. The
same thing was published in the morning news-
papers this morning; and here we have all
sorts of things being read on this bill.
Mr. NYE. The Senator from Maine need
not have the least apprehension that I am going
to detain the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But after the
delay the bill has experienced I hope the Sen-
ator from Nevada will not insist upon having
the dispatch read. It has been published in
the papers. If an objection will prevent its
reading, I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On what grounds?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On all grounds.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Maine objects to the reading of the paper
the question whether it shall be read will be
submitted to the Senate, unless the Senator
from Nevada reads it as a part of his remarks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If he will read
it I shall yield, because he will read it quickly.
Mr. NYE. Idesire to speak on this amend-
ment, and if the Senator objects to the Secre-
tary reading it I will read it myself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is that a sub-
stitute for a speech ?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; it is most of the
speech.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sen-
ator desire to make a speech unless this be
read ? If so, I will compromise by allowing the
reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rules pro-
vide that when the reading of a paper is called
for and the same is objected to by any Senator,
it shall be determined by a vote of the Senate,
and without debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I withdraw all
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the dispatch sent up
by the Senator from Nevada.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the dis-
patch ; but before concluding,
Mr. SAULSBURY. I object to the reading
of that paper.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
