4762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
ate, and let them form the argument which I
was intending to present against the tax.
1 find that the population of the State of
California, according to the census of 1860, was
about three hundred and eighty thousand. The
total of assessable property, real and personal,
was some $216,000,000 in 1868. The income
tax paid that year by the people of that State
was $2,017,771. The State of Ohio in 1860
had a population of some 2,339,511. The total
value of the real and personal property in that
State in 1868, was $1,269,256,606; and it paid
an income tax of only $2,143,284, or a little
more than that paid in the State of California.
With a population at this time unquestionably
six times as great as that of _ California, and
with an aggregate wealth six times as great as
that, of California, Ohio pays but little more
income tax than is paid by the latter State.
The same disproportion runs through many
the other States. The State of Illinois, to
which I will next call attention, had in I860,
when the last census was taken, a population
of 1,711,951 souls.
Mr. SHERMAN. How much did the Sen-
ator say was the amount of income tax paid
by the State of California?
Mr. COLE. Two million seventeen thou-
sand seven hundred and seventy-one dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am surprised that the
Senator makes that statement. I have the
official paper here before me, showing that
the whole amount was $1,299,000. This is the
report for the last year.
Mr. COLE. I am speaking of 1808. The
income tax, as we all know, was reduced in
amount after 1868. It amounted in the aggre-
gate throughout the whole country, the last
year, probably to $34,000,000, and in the year
previous it was very considerably more.
Mr. SHERMAN. Probably the explana-
tion is, that the Senator's figures include the
income paid by corporations.
Mr. COLE. Whether paid by corporations
or individuals, it is nevertheless a tax upon
that particular State, and it makes but little
difference. , , ,,
Mr. SHERMAN. That cannot be the ex-
planation ; for I find in the table which I have
that the tax paid by corporations m California
is included, and the whole amount is only
$1,299,000. , ,
Mr. COLE. My figures show the tax paid
in 1868. I have the figures before me to show
that the population of California in the y ear 1860
was, as 1 have stated, only about three hundred
and eighty thousand souls, while her income
tax paid for that year was something over two
million dollars. .
The eight States of Maine, Vermont, I en-
nessee, Indiana, Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota,
and Kansas had in 1860 a population of
6,133,629, and in 1868 had a population much
larger than that, and yet those States paid
altogether an income tax ot only 3>l,J/J,o«u,
or less by a very considerable amount than
that paid by the single State of California, with
a population less than one tenth of the amount
of the population of those eight States. _
These figures show conclusively to my mind
die unequal operation of this income tax._ But
1 need not dwell further upon that point, mas-
much as it was made so clear by the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott], this morning
bv the citation of figures relative to various
portions of the country, and by mentioning
them in the aggregate so far as different local-
ities were concerned. I shall not, therefore,
detain the Senate by a further allusion to fig-
ures so far as they are necessary to show the
unequal operation of this tax.
We have also the good faith of the Govern-
ment pledged to the abolition of this tax m
the law of 1867, which has been alluded to,
from which I read: ^
*♦ rph« f tnxes on incomes herein imposed s&aii
longer."
The people throughout the United States,
particularly those upon whom the tax bears
so heavily, have constantly expected that they
were to be relieved from this onerous tax at
the expiration of this year, that being included
in the operation of the tax, and they have waited
patiently for the time to come when they would
be relieved from this great and unequal burden.
Now, sir, I believe we can get along without
this tax. The Committee on Finance them-
selves propose to reduce it by the amount of
$14,000,000; that is, to strike off $14,000,000
from the $34,000,000 now received, leaving
but $20,000,000 to be collected in that form.
The House of Representatives propose to ex-
tend the amount of exemption from $1,000 to
$2,000, and that will reduce it very consider-
ably more. I have not been able by any cal-
culation that I have made to say how much
that will reduce the tax; but it will reduce it
unquestionably by a number of millions; so
that the total amount that may bo expected to
be realized from this tax, if it is allowed to
continue, will be but a few million dollars.
Now, Mr. President, we can better dispense
with this tax than we can with some other
forms of taxation. It is, as we are all aware
exceedingly unjust in its operations. It is in-
quisitorial in its character.^ The officers^are
required to make investigations and inquiries
in regard to all the people of the community.,
It is not the two hundred and seventy thou-
sand people alone, or, if the exemption is in-
creased, the one hundred thousand people who
are to pay the tax, who arc to be annoyed by
it. The investigation has to be made by the
officer into the affairs of all the people in his
district. To be sure, it will turn out that a
great many of them will not be liable to pay
the tax; but they are all annoyed by the investi-
gation of their affairs, and the investigation of
the affairs of a great many persons who will
not be found liable to pay the tax will neces-
sarily have to be endured. There is no way
to prevent this. There is no way, if the tax is
to be collected, to avoid the examination into
the private and business affairs of many per-
sons who will be found not to be liable to pay
the tax.
Mr. President, I shall not further detain the
Senate on this subject. I hope that this tax
may be dispensed with ; and I will only sug-
gest that there is a way in which we can make
up the deficiency that will result from the abo-
lition of this tax. I suggest to the Finance
Committee that they raise the tax upon whisky
to one dollar a gallon. I can see no reason
why that should not be done. The machinery
for the collection of the tax upon whisky is
now so complete, so much has been done to
render it perfect, that we can collect the tax
upon whisky, in my opinion, just as well at
one dollar a gallon as we can collect it at fifty
cents a gallon. Why, sir, the tax of fifty cents
a gallon is a tax upon the cost of the com-
modity of more than one hundred per cent.,
and any property that is taxed to the amount
of one hundred per cent, will evade the tax if
possible, and there will be nearly as much
exertion to evade the tax now at fifty ccnts as
there would be if it were raised to one dollar
a gallon.
Mr. POMERO Y. It ought to be two dollars.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Kansas sug-
gests that it ought to be two dollars. That
would suit me all the belter.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have tried that.
Mr. COLE. We have tried it, to be sure;
but it was when the machinery was crude and
imperfect, under another Administration and
not under this, when we had not the faithful
officers that we have at present, when we were
less prepared to enforce the tax; but now after
these years have elapsed, when we presume
we have and hope that we have a much more
faithful set of officers to collect the tax, we
can, in my opinion, collect a larger tax upon
whisky; and I earnestly appeal to the Finance
Committee to acquiesce in the wishes of the
people, and raise the tax upon whisky to ot
east a dollar a gallon.
Mr. SHERMAN. What people have ever
asked for it?
Mr. COLE. My people have. _
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no question in
the world on which the people of the United
States are more earnest and determined and £
united to a man than they are that they will
not tamper with the whisky tax, and have &
repetition of the scenes through which we have
passed. That is my deliberate judgment. I do
not know of a single petition^ that has ever
come to the Committee on Finance on that
subject, while they have come there in every
form about everything else in the world.
Mr. COLE. I will ask the Senator if they
have come in favor of the repeal of the income
tax ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes; for and against it.
Mr. COLE. The tax upon tea and sugar
and coffee it is supposed will be reduced or
taken off to some extent. Those are articles
used by everybody. Every person in thecoun-
try uses tea and coffee, and it is a great hard-
ship to tax those articles to any considerable
extent; but it is otherwise so far as whisky is
concerned. There are comparatively few who
will indulge in that most noxious beverage,
and I hope that the tax upon it will be increased.
As I know the Senate are very anxious to go
into executive session I will not detain them
further at this time.
Mr. DRAKE. There is a necessity for an
executive session of a few minutes. I there-
fore move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that by the arrangement made yesterday
this bill is to be regarded as the unfinished
business, although the evening session is to be
devoted to the consideration of the Southerii
Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The understanding is
that the tax bill is to be the unfinished busi-
ness, to come up to-morrow at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that motion is
put I desire to submit an amendment intended
to be proposed to the tax bill, which I ask to
have printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WARNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1011) to aid in the construction of the
Mobile and Pensacola railroad; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That two petitions of citizcns of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, praying that the proprietors of
tho turnpike road between the city of Washington
and Bladcnsburg may bo compelled to repair said
road as rcauired by its charter, bo taken from tho
flies of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. DRAKE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. At half past four o'clock the doors were
reopened, and the Senate took a recess until
half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
SOUTHERN PACOIO RAILROAD.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The hour to which the
Senate took a recess has arrived, and the
Southern Pacific railroad bill, so called, is
before the Senate, upon which the Senator
