1930
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
March 14,
ance of a preconcerted plan, as all the circum-
stances tend to show, expelled* the colored
members in a mass. Then, her compliance
was only a sham. She refused to carry ou,t
that part of your reconstruction laws. The
credentials of Hill' Sand Miller came here and
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The committee examined the subject.
The chairman' says that the reasoning of the
report-in that case was not concurred in by a
majority of the committee. Vety well; what
was concurred in by the majority—that is suffi-
cient for my purpose—was this:
" Whereupon your committee feel called upon to
recommend that Mr. Hill be not allowed to take a
seat m the benato for the reason that Georgia is not
ontitlod to representation in Congress, and submit
the accompanying resolution,"
Why was Georgia not entitled to represent-
ation? If Georgia had complied with your
reconstruction acts she was entitled, because
the acts expressly said that if she would com-
ply she should be entitled. The committee was
then composed of the present chairman, the
former Senator from Indiana, (Mr. Hend-
ricks,) the Senator from New York, [Mr.
ConklingJ the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds,] the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Kice,] the late Senator from New Jersey,
(Mr. Frelinghuysen,) and myself. The Senator
from Vermont, the Senator from Arkansas, and
myself agreed to the report as it was drawn
up, without any qualification. The Senator
from New York made the following explana-
tion :
T " I concur in the conclusion of the report, thatMr.
ixni ought not to bo adinittod, and agree that tho
report bo made."
The conclusion of tho report was that Mr.
Hill ought not to be admitted for the reason
that Georgia was not entitled to representation.
Four of your committee agreed to it for that
reason. Mr. Frelinghuysen made a qualifica-
tion also :
'' I concur in tho conclusion of tho report, tliat Mr.
Hill ought not now to be admitted, and agree that
the report be made."
What were the allegations, what were the
grounds on which he was not,to be admitted?
Becausc Georgia had failed to comply with the
act ot June 26, 1868, in the organization of
her Legislature ; because she had defied your
reconstruction laws; because she had refused
to comply with the reconstruction laws either
in letter or spirit. After that aotion of hers an
election was held in Georgia iu 1868. Who
held thatelcction? Did you notread the news-
papers? If it is necessary I can lay before the
Senate evidences as to that election. Who held
that election? It was held by those who defied
the authority of this Government; it was held
by those who were still unrepentant and defiant;
it was held by a set of men who held such lan-
guage as never has been held in any section
of this country since the surrender of Lee : and
in most parts of the State there was no' pre-
tense by any loyal man that ho had a right to
vote or could vote, and there was hardly an
attempt on the part of loyal men to vote, the
violence was so great and so terrible.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the Senator to what
election he refers in 1868?
Mr. STEWART. I have reference to the
presidential election, where Seymour's party
not only held their own election, but prevented
the friendsofthepresentPresidentofthe United
States from appearing at the polls throughout
the State as a general proposition.
Mr. IiELLOGG. I understoodthe Senator
to be referring to the election for the Legisla-
ture.
Mr. STEWART. No, sir; I said subsequent
to this organization, following after the expul-
sion of the colored men, we found at the pres-
idential election the authority of the United'
States trampled under foot. Those who were
here last winter remember the controversy in
regard to counting the electoral rote of Georgia.
I believe that no man in either House of Con-:
gress of .the majority party thought that the
Georgia'vote ought to be counted.' That mem-
orable struggle is still fresh in'our recollection.
Time passed on,' an'd last December legislation
was held in regard tc> Georgia ; and upon what
theory? Upon the theory that Georgia was fully
reconstructed? Upon the theory that Georgia
had complied with your laws? Was that the
theory of the legislation we enacted last De-
cember? The title of the act is, "An act to
promote the' reconstruction of the State of
Georgia." ^ The bill relates to the 'Organization
of the Legislature'of Georgia,, which the Judi-
ciary Comrriittee held in its report had never
been properly organized. The bill" relates to
that and provides for the reorganization of that
Legislature. That Legislature has been reor-
ganized, and the Judiciary Committee, includ-
ingthe chairman, now concur that onthe whole
it is best to let that reorganization stand.
I was a little surprised that after the chair-
man of the committee had arrived at that con-
clusion he should feel it necessary to say so
mafiy things in disparagement of the organ-
ization. so many things that reflected upon its
character and were likely to break it down and-
destroy its influence before the country. If
that organization is as bad as be says; if that
Legislature was organized by bad men ; if it is
unfit to reorganize Georgia; if it is unfit to pass
the necessary laws to put into operation the
reconstruction policy in Georgia in conse-
quence of the manner in which it has been
organized by General Terry and Governor Bul-
lock ; if that is the condition of it, it is not an
argument to prove that Georgia has been all
the timo in the Union, that Georgia is entitled
to representation, but the argument is over-
whelming to show that she should be put under
the military power and kept there.
Mr. KELLOGG. If tho Senator from Ne-
vada will permit me, I wish to ask a question
for information.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. KELLOGG'. I understood the Sen-
ator to make the point that under the third sec-
tion of the act of June 25, 1868, the Legisla-
ture was not properly organized; that men
not qualified were admitted as members of the
Legislature. Do I understand him to say that
there was a question of that kind made in the
organization of the Legislature on that ground?
On the contrary, was it not organized without
question ?
Mr. STEWART. It was not organized with-
out question. *
Mr. KELLOGG. Was not the State turned
over to Governor Bullock, not as provisional
governor, but as Governor of the State, under
that very act called the " omnibus act."
Mr. STEWART. Certainly it was.
Did not that Legislature
Mr. KELLOGG,
pass laws ?
Mr. STEWART.
Mr. KELLOGG.
Mr. STEWART.
Mr. KELLOGG.
Certainly.
Did it not elect judges?
Certainly.
—_  Then I submit to the
Senator that if there was a question made as
to the organization of the Legislature that
question cannot refer back to that time, because
it was first admitted to be properly organized
for all legislative purposes and the State was
pased into the hands of Governor Bullock, not
as provisional governor, but as Governor de
facto and de jure, and he was recognized as
such.
Mr. STEWART. If that is all true what
has Congress been doing all this time ? What
has it beeh legislating about? Why has it
been passing laws for reorganizing the Legis-
lature of Georgia jf it was properly organized
m the beginning ?
. Mr. KELLOGG. I ask for information, was
it not because of the subsequent action of the
Legislature in disorganizing a body which was
admitted to have been in the first instance
properly organized ? Did not that give rise to
the act of December 22, I§69?
Mr, STEWART. I will make myself dis-
tinctly understood so far as I stand on that
proposition. It was the subsequent crimo, if
I may use that language, tho subsequent bad
conduct of the Legislature that developed the
fact that there had been a conspiracy from the
beginning. When these conspirators, as they
supposed, had served their purpose and had
made their arrangements to accomplish their
purposes bytheir pretended organization, they
showed the cloven foot. It was alleged at the
time that they agreed with the colored men, if
the colored men would admit them without
regard to the question of their eligibility under
the fourteenth amendment they would make
no objection to the colored men. After they
got in then, in this way, their plan became
developed by their expulsion of the colored
members. When the negroes were expelled
they called upon Congress to investigate the
whole transaction from the beginning, and in
that investigation it was ascertained that the
organization in the beginning had not excluded
men who were disqualified.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was understood
before. -
Mr. KELLOGG. I was just about to ask the
Senator from Nevada whether that was not
understood before, and I ask him further, would
he himself have objected to the admission cf
Senators except for the act of disorganization
I speak of in expelling the colored members?
Did not the whole Government accept in good
faith the organization of the Legislature in
Georgia up to that time, and did not that dis-
organization produce this question?
Mr. STEWART. The disorganization dis-
closed the fact that there was a conspiracy from
the beginning. The colored men were prom-
ised that their seats should be given them pro-
vided they made no question as to eligibility
under the fourteenth amendment, and they did
not vote for the exclusion of men on account
of their disabilities under the fourteenth amend-
ment for that reason.
Mr. KELLOGG. Is there evidence of that?
Is it in the record?
Mr. STEWART. We have the statements
of the best men there on that point. It is not
denied on either side. That was the general
understanding. The disqualified men got in
in that way, and they could not have got in
but for the tricks they played. They got in in
that way, and they used the power thus ac-
quired to expel the colored men. The whole
transaction I think must be regarded as one.
not taking a narrow, teehnical view of it, and
the whole transaction, the rebels getting into
the Legislature under false pretenses and then
expelling the colored men, shows most con-
clusively to my mind, and most conclusively
to any one who will investigate it, that there
was rio disposition whatever to comply with the
law of Congress, but on the coutrary a determ-
ination to defy the law of Congress. But for
that there would have been no legislation in
regard to Georgia at this session.
But after all this investigation; after there
had been a presidential election which dis-
graced further, if possible, tho people of the
state ot Georgia; after everything had been
urged, last winter we passed a law to promote
the reconstruction of the State of Georgia
and provide for the organization of the Legis-
lature.
EDMUNDS. Will the Senator from
Nevada give way for a motion for an executive
session, lhere is business of importance m
executive session which oudittobe attended to.
Mr. S IE WART. I give way for that pur-
pose. -
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, with the permis-
sion of the Senator from Nevada, I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after twe
hours spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
