1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
987
individuals charged with the distribution of the
meager sum of $30,000 appropriated by this
bill are of the most reliable character. Can
any one object to reposing this trust in the hands
of the mayors of the two cities, the president
of the levy court, and General Howard, through
the agencies of the Washington Association and
the National Freedmen's Relief Association
and Industrial Home School—the latter under
the charge of that noble, self-sacrificing, phil-
anthropic lady, Mrs. Griffing.
I send to the Clerk's desk to have read, first
a resolution adopted by the national conven-
tion of colored people, which assembled in
this city recently, and next a letter from Mrs.
Griffing to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Cook,] the chairman of the Committee for the
lHstrict of Columbia.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Resolved, That this national convention, appreci-
ating the noble and untiring service of Mrs. Josephine
S. Griffing during a period of seven years in aid of
the poor people of our race, which has resulted in
securing liomea and employment for over six thou-
E3nd needy men, women, and children, and in secur-
ing and disbursing for the benefit of the helpless and
friendlessof oar people a large sum of money, $12,000
of which was raised By private contributions through
her personal efforts, hereby publicly tender to her,
on behalf of the freed people of the country, our
heartfelt gratitude; and may God. bless her, who,
being * a friend in need, is a friend indeed.'"
Washington, January 31,1870.
Du> Sib : I have the honor to state that during
my constant labor for the freed people of this District,
since 1863,1 have investigated the cases of nearly all
the aged, crippled, and otherwise worn out, to find
what resources they had in others, such as children
and distant relatives, and how little Would suffice to
give them a meager subsistence in addition to what
they might expect from friends and their own little
efforts. We have now of this class eleven hundred,
and from a close calculation of their actual wants,
have memorialized Congress for an appropriation of
$15,000, and a specified amount of Army clothing and
lumber, to build for them a "home,"and to erectsome
cheap buildings for their shelter; to which, in the
bill, nas been added $15,000 more for the relief of
able-bodied who are destitute and suffering, mainly
from want of employment. Among these the great
msj ority who need help are widows and children Who
cannot be employed outside of this District, and
who must generally remain. The able-bodied men
among the destitute, who form the surplus of laborers
in this city, could with assistance from Government
in the shape of a loan of from ten to twenty dollars,
payable in sixty days, be transferred to other parts
of the country where their labor is demanded and
will be fully paid.
Having made this measure of the distribution of
labor an essential part of the relief that I have se-
cured to the suffering during six years, I am now able
to state that hundreds of young men are ready and
very desirous to go where they can find work, as yet
preferring the northern States. I am also able to
state that I have daily application for the labor of
these people from the northern States, where com-
pensating labor is abundant. The obstacle in the
way of sending five hundred every month, perhaps
twice that number in the summer, is want of the ten
or twenty dollars for passage-money. Transfer these,
and the chances for employment and bread to the
same number who remain are at once made better;
while, on the other hand, every advantage to the
laborer and to the general revenue of the country
must be realized.
If, then, the 815,000 added to the amount necessary
for the worn-out slaves, who are properly wards of
the Government, could be applied in the simple
industries suited to the capacity of widows and chil-
dren for their relief, and transportation loaned on
lixty days' paper for destitute young people unem-
ployed here, the problem would be to a great extent
solved, and hereafter comparatively little, except
for the helpless class above referred to, would be
required to prevent such untold suffering.
Very respectfully,
J. S. GRIFFING.
Hon. Mr. Cook, Chairman District Committee,
House of Representatives, United States.
Mr. BOYD. Will the gentleman yield to
me to make one statement?
Mr. HAMILTON. Not at present. I trust
that no one, and least of all the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] will object to the
societies or to the individuals that have been
designated for the distribution of this fund. I
now yield five minutes to the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent.]
_Mr. SARGENT. I do not desire to prolong
this debate, but I wish to call attention to the
fact that in the Thirty-Ninth Congress there
were passed two measures of a character sim-
ilar to this relating to the city of Portland,
which had just then been to a large extent
destroyed by fire. These measures passed with-
out a call for a division. They were measures
from which, so far as the record shows, there
was no dissent on either side of this Hall or of
any gentleman in it.
One of these measures approved July 14,
1866, authorizes the President to place at the
disposal of the authorities at Portland tents,
1 beading, hospital furniture, &c., in order to
meet the necessities of the people, then suffer-
ing from the calamity which had overtaken
them. It is brief, and I send it to the Clerk's
desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows;
Joint resolution to authorize the President to place
at thedisposal of theauthorities of Portland, Maine,
tents, camp and hospital furniture and clothing for
the use of families rendered houseless by the late
fire.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of the United State* of America in (hngren assem-
bled, That the President of the United States is hereby
authorized to place at the disposal, without charge,
i of the city authorities of Portland, Maine, such
;j clothing condemned or ordered sold, andsuch.suri>lus
camp and garrison equipage, bedding and hospital
; furniture, on hand, as can be spared by the Army,
' : for the use of families rendered houseless and desti-
tute by the recent conflagration; and that it shall
be the duty of the quartermaster's department to
deliver these articles at Portland, and to take the
reccipt fftr the same of the mayor of said city, and
properly dispose of them where no longer needed.
Mr. SARGENT. I also send to the Clerk's
desk to be read the other measure I have
referrred to, approved July 27, 1866.
The Clerk read as follows:
An act for the relief of sufferers by fire at Portland.
Beit enacted by the Semite and Houte of Representa-
tives of the Untied States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That on all goods, wares, and merchandise
which may be sent from placcs without the limits of
the United States, as gratuitous contributions to the
relief of sufferers br the firo wbich occurred at Port-
land, Maine, July 4 and 5,1868, shall, when imported
at the port of Portland, and consigned to the proper
authority for distribution, be admitted free of duty.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be allowed and paid, under such regulations ns tbo
Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe, on all ma-
terials actually used in buildings erected on the
ground burned over by said fire, a drawback of the
import duties paid on the same : Provided, That said
materials shall have been imported at the port of
Portland during the term of one year from and after
the said 5th day of July, 1866.
Mr. SARGENT. These statutes show clearly
the opinion of the Thirty-Ninth Congress on
the question of the constitutionality of relief
granted in cases of extreme suffering by the
General Government; and for that purpose
only I have had them read.
Now, I am unwilling to believe that a differ-
ence between that case and the one now under
consideration—that case of extreme distress
and this case also of extreme distress, as it is
represented here—can exist in the mind of any
gentleman here on account of a mere prejudice
against color. The difference of color is the
only distinction which I can see in the two
cases. It seems to me that in onr charities we
shoald know no distinction of color.
Mr. • ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire
whether there is anything in this bill in regard
to color.
Mr. SARGENT. There is nothing in the
bill as to that. It is intended that the relief
afforded by the bill shall be as broad as the
distress intended to be relieved; but in this
discussion there has been a good deal said
against the relief of persoiis of color by the
Congress of the United States, and it was
asked whether there was any constitutional
power to afford such relief. Now, if there is
a constitutional power in Congress, as Bhown
by the precedent I have cited, to relieve the
distress of white people, then I consider there
must be the same constitutional power to re-
lieve the distress of colored people.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will say that his memory may be
correct. I am liable to error; but I have no
recollection of any gentleman upon this side
of the House bringing into this discussion the
question of color. 1 can understand how my
friend from California may have got that idea
in his mind. I am of the opinion that the only
gentlemen who have spoken of this question
of color are the gentleman from the Ottawa
district of Illinois [Mr. Cook] and the gen-
tleman from California himself. They are the
only two who have brought that question iti
here. I cannot see how color could affect the
constitutional question.
Mr. SARGENT. I merely wish to say in
reply to that that I think I heard the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Knott] speak of the poor
to be benefited by this bill as "sunning them-
selves like black snakes in Judiciary square."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That referred only to
the color of the snakes.
Mr. SARGENT. I certainly derived the
impression from it that it was a reference to
color; and I think if I had time I could repeat
other remarks of a similar character. 1 am
glad that the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] declares that he has no such preju-
dice against color as would restrict his charity.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Boyd.]
Mr. BOYD. While the discussion has been
progressing upon this bill and the amendments
offered thereto I have taken occasion to visit
the leading colored gentlemen around this
capital to know their opinion about which bill
i should be passed. I learn from those gentle-
' men unanimously that it is their desire that
, the amendment offered by the gentleman from
! Illinois [Mr. Logan] shall be passed instead
of a provision appropriating money directly ;
because they believe that if it is passed the
indigent poor and those who are suffering from
the want of (bod will really receive food, while
in the other case the responsibility would be
| with gentlemen over whom this Congress has
no control.
I wanted to make this known to the House
1 as the expression coming from those persons
who, we all agree, are to receive more benefit
than any other class of citizens.
Mr. HAMILTON. I now yield three min-
; utes to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mob-
! gan.]
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the
honorable gentleman for his courtesy in yield-
ing me the floor, wh'ich I shall occupy hut for
a moment. It is a little remarkable, sir, that
the colored people of Washington always be-
come sick and needy immediately preceding
the Republican organization for the election
in this capital. Year after year these appro-
priations have been asked ; year after year they
have been granted under the pretense of aiding
the poor of Washington, when in fact, as inti-
mated by the distinguished gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr.Logan,] therealpurposeoftaking
$30,000 from the pockets of the people is not
so much for the benefit of the paupers of this
city as to enable the mayor and his allies to
retain power.
Sir, I have the honor to representanamane
and patriotic people. The asylums of Ohio
for the benefit of the -poor and the suffering
are unsurpassed by those of any other Com-
monwealth, and the burden of supporting them
is borne with cheerful pride by the people of
my State. But, sir, I protest against this at-
tempt to tax the people of Ohio to support in
idleness hordes of negroes who are kept here
as voters and maintained as paupers, in order
to aid in keepingthe Republican party in power.
And if this bill becomes a law it will convince
the country, as I am now satisfied, that all the
talk of economy and reform on the other side
of the House is sheer pretense, gotten up to
delude and deceive a people who are being
plundered.
Mr. Chairman, in the name of my constit-
uents, I protest against this raid upon tlie
public Treasury, this attempt to heap new bur-
dens upon the shoulders of an oppressed mid
over-taxed people. In the name of right, and
law, in the name of honesty, which seems to
be forgotten, I protest against these continued
