1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4763
from Michigan [Mr. Howard] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. DRAKE, I would ask the Senatorfrom
Michigan to allow me to call up a little private
bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I would do so under ordi-
nary circumstances; but now the Senator will
have to pardon me.
Mr. WILSON. The agreement was that we
should not take up anything else to-night but
the Southern Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I was not aware of it. 1
was not here when the agreement was made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remark, that by unanimous consent it was
understood and agreed that this one subject
should be considered to-night, and nothing
else. The bill (S. No. 647) to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
Marshall, Texas, to San Diego. California, with
branches aud connections', is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, and the Senator
from Michigan will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Presidentrat the ad-
journment last night 1 was speaking of the
extravagant system of prospectuses and puffs
resorted to by the agents and persons inter-
ested in the Memphis and El Paso road in
Paris. So far was this system carried that it
was bright to the notice of the American
minister at Paris, Mr. Washburne, to whom
many appeals were made for information re-
specting this enterprise, then known as the
Transcontinental Memphis Pacific railroad.
In a dispatch written to the Secretary of State
dated the 4th of June, 18G9, Minister Wash-
burne says:
" Sir: I take thelibertyto send you, inclosed here-
with, certain advertisements documents, &c., in
conncc'tion with what is called 'The Transconti-
nental Memphis Pacific railway.' The advertise-
ment has appeared in nearly all the newspapers of
Paris, besides being placarded all overthecity. The
bonds of this company have been put on the Paris
bourse, and I am advised have been sold to# the
amount of fifteen million francs. Many inquiries
have been made of me by persons who have invested
in these bonds, but I am unable to answer them with
ihe exactitude I could wish. I have my own opin-
ions touching this whole business, but 1 shall guard
myself in expressing them until I have correct in-
formation. as I do not wish to do any injustice to the
company.
"I have thought proper to address you on this
subject, to the end that you might have it investi-
gated at the Interior Department, if it should bo
conformable to your views of propriety, and have
you transmit me the result of such investigation."
The Secretary of State responded to that
letter, under date of June 18, 1869, in which
he says, addressing Mr. Washburne:
Sir : I have to acknowledge the receipt of your dis-
patch of the 4th instant, No. 5, in relation to tho
transactions at Paris, in tho name of the " Trans-
continental Memphis Pacific railway."
In compliance with your suggestion, I have re-
quested the Secretary of the Interior to cause the
matter to bo investigated without delay. Theresult
will bo duly communicated.
I am, sir, your obedient servant.
HAMILTON 3TISH.
E. B. "Washburne, Esq., &c.
Mr. Fish accordingly addressed the Secre-
tary of the Interior at Washington, and on the
1 Oi h of the same month, June, received a letter
from him, of which the followingis an extract:
" Srit: I havo tho honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your communication of tho 17th instant, trans-
milting a letter and accompanying papers received
i>v tho Department of' State from Mr. Washburne,
minister of the United States to France, in relation
t<> rho 'Transcontinental Memphis Pacific Railway
tVmp.iny.' . ...
" You suggest the propriety of an investigation by
the Interior Department of the matters referred to
J>y ?dr. Washburne.
No company of that name or by the name of the
' Transcontinental Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific
IlaiJrnad Company'has been organized under au-
tnoiity of an act of Congress/'
So that the name of the Transcontinental,
&e., seems to have been assumed by the agents
of the company in Paris, with a view, doubt-
loss, to enlarge and amplify the credit of that
institution with the French. How lar it was
allowable for a business man, under such cir-
cumstances, to change the name of the corpor-
ation in whose behalf he was acting remains
to be judged of by the world at large. I choose
to make no further comment upon that change
of name except to say that it had its purpose,
manifestly.
rA leading Paris journal, La Libert# of the
loih of May, contains a most extravagant
description of this railroad. A whole page,
of large size, is devoted to pufling it. ]t con-
tains a map of the United States, aud describes
this routeas the a Transcontinental Memphis
Pacific," and lays down its line as running
from Norfolk, Virginia, from Baltimore and
Charleston, its three eastern termini, west-
ward through Memphis and Chattanooga to
Jefferson, through Texas and the Territories
to San Diego on the Pacific ocean. It repre-
sent its line, or rather lines, of road from the
three cities named as "that part of the trans-
continental railroad which is finished and in
operation." This tracing is accompanied by
an editorial article headed "geographical sit-
uation." The writer says:
"As will be seen by tho subjoined sketch, the
Transcontinental Memphis Pacific railroad touches
the Atlantic ocean directly at two points, Baltimore
and Norfolk; indirectly at the port of Charleston.
All these branches, which cmbraco about two hun-
dred leagues of sea-coast, unite at Chattanooga after
having served the States of Maryland, Virginia, and
tho two Carolinas; that is to say, the countries most
fertile in tobacco and cotton. Parting from Chat-
tanooga the line traverses tho whole iStato of Ten-
nessee, through Huntsvillc, Decatur, and Ripley,
and strikes the Mississippi at Memphis. In the sec-
ond portion of its transit it receives as afBuents, first,
near Atlanta, the whole network of railroads which
terminate on the ono side atSavannah on the ocean,
and on the other at Mobilo on tho Gulf of Mexico ;
a network which serves the States of Georgia. Flor-
ida, and Alabama; second, at Decatur the network
of railroads converging from tholioesiromtlienorth-
east, New York, Cincinnati, and other populous n-nd
industrious cities of the States of Now York. Ohio,
Indiana, and Kentucky." <•*•*- "Leav-
ing Memphis the iron way develops itself in tho west-
ern countries.
"The section from Memphis to Little Rock, on tho
Arkansas river, is finished and in working order.
From Little Rock to the Red river tho construction
of the road is pressed forward actively, so much so
that the passage across tho State of Arkansas will
&uon be achieved and that across Texas commenced."
* •• " Next, entering the Territory of
New Mexico, the Transcontinental meets the great
commercial route from Guaymas and the interior of
Mexico atSanta F£. It will, for the future, suppress
tho dangerous inarches of caravans from Santa Fc
to San Francisco, New Orleans, and St. Louis. It
then reaches California, after receiving at Ari-
zona City the traffic of the great river Colorado."
All this sounds more like an oriental tale
than like truth and reality. It is pure poesy,
almost as fictitious as the tales of the genii,
but ingenious and well calculated to impose
upon the incautious and unthinking. It con-
tains but a grain of truth to a bushel of fic-
tion. It is utterly false that this Memphis-El
Paso, now in France assuming the sounding
title of u Transcontinental Pacific," has or
ever had any interest in or control over the
railroads from Norfolk, or Baltimore, or
Charleston, or any interest in any railroad east
of Texas. And yet General Fremont, in his
expos6 of the affairs of the company, printed in
Paris in September, 1869, states that the com-
pany on the close of the civil war "set them-
selves vigorously at work not only to finish the
line through Texas, but to 'establish' a trans-
continental railroad from Norfolk, on the Atlan-
tic, to San Diego, on the Pacific.'' He had mani-
festly perused the article in La Libert6 and
derived some hints from it. To showthat he
had caught the spirit of romance in which that
article was written I need only quote a single
other passage from his 11 expos#. He says :
"The Memphis-El Paso Company purchased on the
23d of December, 1867, one thousand and twenty-three
acres, or four hundred and fourteen hectares, of land
situated on Norfolk bay, Atlantic ocean. These
grounds have a front of forty-eight hundred metres
alon? the bank, presenting a considerable de^th ot
water and accessible to the largest ships. These
grounds are (lesignedto receive the maritime station,
(depot,) as the head of the line of road on tho Atlan-
tic ocean.''
Other documents in my possession show that
the person from whom this so-called purchase
was made was William Schmoele of Philadel-
phia, who, being interrogated on the subject,
informed mo recently that he had never deeded
or conveyed the land to General Fremont, to
his railroad company, or to any other party,
nor had he received any consideration what-
ever for the land. And yot General Fremont,
in a letter dated Paris, September 18, 1869,
states positively that the company owned this
tract; and he speaks of it in this light in hia
" expose" of September, 186!),
But to return to the puff in La Liberia of
May 15, under the head of "financial situa-
tion." The same paper, on the same page,
contains two prominent false representations:
tho first, that "the company with the appro-
bation of Congress has fused itself with the
lines constructed and at present working from
Memphis to Chattanooga, from Chattanooga to
Washington and Baltimore, from Chattanooga
to Norfolk, and from Washington to Noifolk
through Richmond."
The substance of this, as I have shown, was
transferred into General Fr6mont's "exposd"
of the following September; so that little haz-
ard is incurred in affirming that he was at
least aware ofits publication, and was farfrom
contradicting or correcting it, flagrantly false
as it was ; false, because it asserts that Con-
gress had approved this pretended fusion,
whereas no such fusion ever existed and Con-
gress had never approved, authorized, or done
anything whatever about it, and had no power
or authority to intermeddle with those !' fused''
lines of State railroad, even had it been so
disposed.
But the article, under the same caption,
contains another piece of romance which was
far less harmless. It declares that " besides
the grants of land (Congress had granted none
whatever) the Federal Government has voted
a guarantee of interest of six per cent, in favor
of the ordinary construction bonds." It is
idle to attempt to excuse this gross misrepre-
sentation under the pretense that its author or
authors were led into it by their "ignorance
of the language and legislative forms of the
country," as General Frfemont very charitably
supposes. The Federal Government had voted
no act whatever in the interest of this road,
and the only bill that could have been referred
to by the writer was that introduced by Mr.
Haklajt, guarantying principal and interest,
and this, as I have stated, was never acted
upon at all, except in its reference to the
Pacific Railroad Committee, by whom it was
reported back to the Senate without any rec-
ommendation, and who were discharged from
its consideration. If it be said that the writer
might have had in mind one of the joint reso-
lutions which passed the House of Represent-
atives, the reply is that those joint resolutions
did not purport to grant any guarantee of bonds
at all, whether of principal or interest, but
only the right of way through the Territories.
No leading journal of Paris would have in-
serted so gross a string of fables, especially one
so gigantic as this last, unless persuaded to it
by some member or powerful agent of the com-
pany, and in tho honest belief that it was pub-
lishing the truth, relying upon its correspond-
ent's familiarity with all the facts of the case, and
the history and character of the company. And
the structuie and composition of the whole arti-
cle in La Liberty bear intrinsic evidence th at i t.s
author or authors were well informed on the
subject of this road ; that they were well read
in the statutes composing its charter, and well
acquainted with the geography and topography
of the whole country and its leading railroad
routes, as well as the line through Texas and
the Territories. None but a party in interest,
or the agent of a party in interest, who had
studied the affairs of the company could have
thus mastered the subject; none but such a
party could have furnished even to a specu-
lator in the bonds the materials for such a pub-
lication. The subscriptions to these bonds
began on the very day of the appearance ofthis
strange publication, and it is easy to see what
eifect it must have had upon the price.
And yet we find that Geneial Fremont had
been in Paris for two mouths at least alter this,
