1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1931
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 14, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. [Jnderthis call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order for reference and
printing.
MAINE WAR CLAIMS.
Mr. PETERS presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Maine, in relation
to claims against the United States for interest
on advances made by Massachusetts in the war
of 1812-15 ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
PRIZE-FIGHTING.
Mr. STARKWEATHER introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 149G) to prevent prize-fighting;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. ARMSTRONG-introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1497) relating to criminal proceedings
under the internal revenue laws; wlneh was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
HALF-PAY PENSIONS.
Mr. GILFILLAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1498) relating to half-pay pensions granted
to certain widows and orphans under the acts
of July 21, 1848, February 3, 1853, and acts
supplementary and amendatory thereof; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
william a. houck.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1499) removing the political
disabilities of William A. Houck, of Salisbury,
North Carolina; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
CHEECOD CLllSEK.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1500) authorizing
Samuel Corsan, of Washington, North Caro-
lina, to remove an obstruction from Clieecod
creek, in North Carolina; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
OAl'II OF OFFICE.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1501) amendingan act
entitled "An act prescribing an oath of office
to be taken by persons from whom legal dis-
abilities have been removed," approved July
11, 1868; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
reconstruction.
ELIZABETH JONES.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1502) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Jones, of North Carolina; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and War of 1812.
war ob' 1812.
Mr. DOX introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1503)
providing for the payment of pensions to all
indigent soldiers and officers of the war of
1812 ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions and War of 1812.
joiin t. akin.
Mr. DOX also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1504) authorizing and directing the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll John
T. Akin, of Alabama, who was a soldie* in the
war of 1812; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions and War of 1812*.
REMOVAL OP POLITICAL DISABILITIES,
Mr. HEFLIN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1505) to remove certain political disabilities
from persons therein named in the State of
Alabama ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
CIIAItLES P. ELGIN.
Mr. MORPHIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
150C) for the relief of Charles P. Elgin, of
Mississippi; which was read a first and second
time, and, with the accompanying papers,
referred to the Committee of Claims.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. MORPHIS also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1507) to relieve certain persons therein
named from all legal and political disabilities
imposed by the amendment to the Constitution
of the United States of America known as the
fourteenth article, and to absolve them from tak-
ingwhat is known as the test-oath, imposed and
prescribed by act of the Congress of the United
States of America approved July, 1862; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction.
additional post road.
Mr. ADAMS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1508) establishing an additional post road in
Kentucky ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
CIVIL RIGHTS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, introduced a
bill (II. R. No. 1509) to amend an act entitled
" An act to protect all persons in their civil
rights;" which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
POST ROAD IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also introduced
a bill (II. R. No. 1510) to establish a post route
in Tennessee ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
post routes in ohio.
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio, introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3511) to establish certain post routes
m the State of Ohio ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. TILLMAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1512) to relieve certain persons therein
named from all legal and political disabilities,
and for other purposes ; which was read a first
and second time, and, with the accompanying
papers, referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
ship-canal.
Mr. SHANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1513) providing for a preliminary survey of
the country lying between the southern portion
of Lake Michigan and the Ohio river prepara-
tory to the construction of a ship-canal between
those two points; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Railways and Canals.
government for the district.
Mr. CULLOM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1514) to provide a territorial government for
the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
SURVEY OF OSAGE RIVER.
Mr. BURDETT presented joint resolutions
of the, Legislature of the State of'Missouri,
askiDg an appropriation for a survey of' the'
Osage river in the State of Missouri; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
OAPE GIRARDEAU AND STATE-LINE RAILROAD.
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri, introduced
a bill(H. R. No. 1515) to aid in the construc-
tion of the Cape Girardeau and State-Line rail-
road in the State of Missouri; which was read
afirstand second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
FEMALE CLERKS.
Mr. ROGERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1516) to abolish female clerks in the Depart-
ments of the Government; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
J. W. DEAL.
Mr. ROOTS introduced a bill (H. R No.
1517) for the relief of J. W. Deal, late post-
master at Chambersburg, Pennsylvania; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
CHATTAHOOCHEE ARSENAL.
Mr. HAMILTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1518) to grant the Chattahoochee arsenal
to the State of Florida; which was read a first
and second time, and, with the accompanying
papers, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
MAIL ROUTES IN FLORIDA.
Mr. HAMILTON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1519) to establish certain mail routes
in Florida; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
LIGHT-IIOUSB BUOYS IN FLORIDA.
Mr. HAMILTON also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 1520) to restore the light-house buoys
at Mosquito inlet, on the east coast of ^Florida j
which was read a first and second time, anu
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
LOT IN DUBUQUE.
Mr. ALLISON introduced a bill (Ii. R. No.
1521) relinquishing to the city of Dubuque,
Iowa, and its assignees, whatever title may
remain in the United States to a certain lot or
parcel of ground in the said city of Dubuque;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
WILLIAM f. SCOTT.
Mr. ALLISON also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1522) for the relief of William F. Scott,
late adjutant fourth Towa cavalry volunteers;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
JOSEPH BRADEN.
Mr. PALMER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1523) for the relief of Joseph Braden, late regis-
ter of the district land office at Chariton, Iowa;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
w. J. DAVIS.
Mr. PALMER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1524) for the relief of W. J. Davis, late a
private in the fourth regiment of Iowa cavalry;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ALEXANDER ASBOTH, DECEASED.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1525) authorizing the bring-
ing home of the remains of General Alexander
Asboth, late United States minister to the
Argentine Confederation; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
