1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3819
Delaware objects to the reading of the paper.
It will be submitted to the vote of the Senate
whether the paper shall be read.
Mr. SAUESBURY. That paper 
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question must be
decided without debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. "When the read-
ing of a paper is objected to it must be decided
by a vote of the Senate, and without debute.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to any debate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I beg pardon, if the
rule says it shall be decided without debate.
As this is to go in the Globe, I ask for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. NYE. To get rid of that, since the Sen-
ator desires it, I will read it myself as part of
the speech I intend to make.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Very well; I will not
put the Senator from Nevada to that trouble,
if he intends to inflict it on the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I do not consent for a moment
that the Senator from Delaware shall object
to my making a speech in the way I please.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I assure the Senator
that there is no objection to his making the
speech. The objection was simply on accouut
of the contents of the paper.
Mr. NYE. [ am utterly surprised that the
Democrats of this body should object that one
of the most horrid tragedies and murders ever
committed under the wing of any party should
be made known. I do not intend, with the
utmost respect to my Democratic brethren,
that this fact shall be smothered j and 1 intend
to speak upon that dispatch as relevant to the
present amendment under consideration.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator allow
me one remark ?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to assure my
honorable friend from Nevada that I do not
object to it from any personal reasons with
respect to himself. Nothing but personal
kindness always exists between us. It was
simply because I thought the paper ought not
to go into the Globe. I did not know that the
Senator was going to speak on that matter, but
I thought he sent it up to the desk to be read
as a paper that he wished to be read to the
Senate.
Mr, NYE. Not at all. I only sent it up to
be read by the Secretary, who is a much better
reader than myself. \
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask, then, that the
Senator will let the Secretary read it. If 1 had
known he was going to read it himself, 1 should
not have objected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. - The Senator
from Delaware withdraws his objection.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir, 1 think so. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading.
The Chief Clerk resumed and concluded the
reading of the dispatch, which is as follows :
[Received at corner Pennsylvania avenue and Four-
teenth street 11:50 a. nr.]
Raleigh, North Carolina, May 25,1870.
To Senators Pool and Abbott :
Gentlemen: I telegraph you the text of a letter,
with comments, concerning the murder of Senator
J. W. Stephens, of Caswell county. It is the most
horrible of all the outrages which havo occurred,
and I deem it to be my duty to inform you fully of
this murder.
Yanckyville, May 23,1870.
Editor of the Standard :
Sir: On the evening of the 21st instant we were
startled by one of the most shocking murders that
can be classed among the outrages of modern times.
During a meeting held by the Democratic or Con-
servative element of this county, John W. Stephens,
senator from this county, was most cruelly and bar-
barously murdered. About four o'clock on the even-
ing of the 21st instant Senator Stephens was in the
Public court-room in the court-house, in the town
of Yanceyville, attending a public county conven-
tion, when a supposed friend of his touched him on
the arm and said, "Let's go down;" and he did go
down with him and was not afterward seen. Mr.
Stephens, on leaving home that evening, told his
wife he would return as soon as the meeting was over,
and as he did not return at the time designated, his
family became alarmed and sent in search of Him.
He could not bo found anywhere on the streets, and
no person could give any account of him since he
was seen to leave the court-room with this man.
His friends concluded to obtain the keys to the vari-
ous rooms ofthecourt-house-andsearch for him. All
the keys could not be obtained, and the building
could be only partially searched. His friends not
being satisfied with the search, concluded to keep a
watch on this building during the night, and did so.
Early next morning some person looking in the
window of the clerk and master's room saw him lying
with asmall hemp orgrassropearoundhisneck.dead.
The coroner was immediately sent for, and when
he arrived on the ground, soon summoned a jury, and
wont to the keeper of the building and asked for the
key to that room; but the key could nowhere be
found. They tlion opened the door and went in, and
upon examination found that he had been choked
with a rope, made in a loop and put around hisneck,
and his throat out in two plaecs with a knife, and
stabbed in the left breast to the hollow. The inquest
continued all day on the22d, and ail proper means
aie being used to bring the guilty to justice, and it
yet remains to be seen what the consequences are.
CASWELL.
It seems that Mr. Stephens was present as a spec-
tator at a Democratic meeting held on Saturday at
the court-house in Yanceyville; that ho was invited
down stairs to the room of the clerk and master by
a person whom he supposed to be his friend; that
ho was therein murdered, the door locked, and the
key secreted: that not until Sunday morning were
his remains discovered, though his friends partially
seaiched the building and kept watch all night.
The doubt as to Mr. Stephens's death has therefore
been dispelled. Treachery, treason, and murder
have done their work. A State senator has been
ruthlessly assassinated, not in the night time by
masked ruffians, but m the light of day, in the very
precincts of a house dedicated to law, peace, and
justice; standing as a spectator in a Domocratic
meeting he is decoyed to his death; he is stabbed
and hung, and the murder is concealed until the vil-
lains who perpetrated it escape; deliberate, cold,
and malicious, planned with all the ingenuity of
demons; place and hour chosen. Tho murderers of
Stephens are members of a political clan, the record
of whose deeds excel the ghastly stories of fiction,
and who are to a man perjurers, robbers, murderers,
and sworn traitors.
Later.—The Charlotte Observer of the 24th instant
says that two young men by the name of Hubbard
were arrested on Sunday at Bethel church, in Cas-
well, by a constable and#<me  charged with having
some connection with the assassination of Mr. Ste-
phens. JO. W. IIOLDEN,
Editor Standard.
Mr. NIE. I will now read a later telegram:
[Received at Washington 11.55 a. m.]
Raleigh, North Carolina, May 25,1870.
To Senators Pool and Abbot c:
1 have just learned thatWilson Carey, colored rep-
resentative from Caswell, has been driven from the
county. Prompt and deeisivo action by Congress is
necessary.
W. W. HOLDER.
Now, Mr. President, I have only a moment
to speak on this question. I regard these tel-
egrams as pertinent to this question, from the
fact that it is not at all unlikely that the persons
who have perpetrated these enormous offenses
stand in the same category that persons do who
seek to drain our Treasury through the con-
struction put by the Supreme Court of the
United States on the effect of a pardon.
If the law as it now exists renders necessary
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Missouri, or the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Illinois—and which one of them
is adopted Ido notcare—if to prevent this class
of people from wringing from the hard earn-
ings of the tax-payers of this country their ill-
gotten gains through any kind of trickery, I
deem the proposition most important, and I
shall conclude by suggesting a single fact.
If, as the honorable Senator from Vermont
read from manuscript to-day, the spirit there
manifested animates these very persons who
are seeking to drain the Treasury of the United
States, if these horrid and indescribable trans-
actions are "being perpetrated, I deem it the
imperative duty of the Senate of the United
States to put down the brakes here, and if they
cannot close the avenues of blood, to close at
least the avenues to the Treasury of the Uuited
States,
Sir, the maimed and limping soldiers of the
Republic are taxed to pay these gains ; and in
their name, and in the name of common jus-
tice, in the name of humanity, 1 protest against
that exaction upon their maimed bodies.
Sir, if what is described in these telegrams
and is described by the Senator from Vermont
be true, it seems to me there is not a moment
to be lost; and I appeal to the honorable,Sen-
ator from Maine to be a little patient while the
Government at least shuts down this avenue
of draining the public Treasury of the United •
States.
Mr. THUKMAN. Mr. President, I objected
to the reading of that telegram not because T
did not feel as much abhorrence from crime
everywhere or by whomsoever committed as
the Senator from Nevada who caused it to
be read, not because I do not condemn the
Kuklux as much as he condemns them, but
I objected to its being read because I do not
think it is a proper thing for a sensational tele-
gram of this kind, so many of which have been
manufactured, some of which have been manu-
factured even in this eity, to be read in the
Senate of tho United States as if it was a sol
emn message from the Chief Executive of the
nation. I do not think that is right; I do not
think-it is proper ; much less do I thinlf it is
right to take up the time of the Senate on a
biil like this with sensational matter of that
kind. And it is not by any means right to
take up the time of the Senate at any time with
charging, as I understand the remarks of the
Senator from Nevada to imply, that these things
are done with the sanction of the Democratic
party or of the Conservative party of the coun-
try. That, sir, will not do. The thing is too
flagrantly unjust. We have let it pass by as
simply ridiculous again and again; but it is
repeated again and again, as if it were not the
interest of the Democratic party more than of
any other party that there should be no such
outrages committed at the South. The Demo-
cratic party are not fools. They know that
every one of these outrages gives you a handle
for passing measures here which without them
you could not pass, which your own party
would not adopt but for these very sensational
things. They know that every one of these
outrages at the South gives you an opportunity
to inflame the minds of the people of the North.
They know all that perfectly well; and of all
the men in the country who desire that there
shall be peace and quiet and order and a total
absence of crime at the South, the Democratic
party are tho most interested to desire it, and
I believe they desire it as much as any other.
I will not say more, but quite as much.
While I am on this matter there is another
thing which I will suggest. How monstrously
unjust it is to charge upon the whole people
of the South, upon all the Democrats and con-
servatives of the South, these crimes commit-
ted by a set of lawless men. Did the Senator
from Nevada never hear of Democrats driven
from the polls and murdered iu the city of
Philadelphia? Did he never hear of the plug-
uglies of Baltimore driving Democrats from
tho polls and slaughtering them in the streets?
Did he never hear of Democrats driven by
Know-Nothings from the polls at Louisville
and murdered in cold blood? Did he never
hear of the same thing at New Orleans? Did
be never hear of these things both North and
South? Who then undertook to hold the whole
Whig party of the country responsible for the
crimes of those ruffians? There was nobody
then, at least no man of character, who would
dare to stand up and charge two million men
in the United States with giving encourage-
ment to the perpetration of such crimes as
those. They were the crimes of lawless men;
they were crimes committed, too, with a polit-
ical motive, just as much as these crimes are
committed, if they are committed with any
political motive at all, every bit as much.
But no man of character ever rose in the
Senate of the United States iu those days and
charged that the whole Opposition party, two
million electors iu the united States, were
encouragcrs of those acts of ruffianism', of
crime, and of murder. No, sir. But now,
forsooth, the whole thing is changed. Now
if a set of ruffians in one of these States, after
a great civil war, which alwaysleaves its traces,
