4764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
when, on the 27th of September, he issued his
" exposiin which be does not contradict this
gross falsehood about the Government guar-
antee nor make the slightest allusion to it, ex-
cept to say that" the company is pressing Con-
gress for the nationalization of this network of
railroads, the consequence of which will be," as
he assures the French, " a new subsidy of lauds
in the States which have not disposed of the
whole of their public domain, and the recog-
nition of the road as a postal and military road."
He says, farther, that " the law of nationaliza-
tion has already been carred in the House of
Representatives by a vote of one hundred and
two to forty-nine." And this is all the reply
he sees fit to make in his " exposi" of the 27th
September about the Government guarantee.
It is no contradiction of the false statement in
La Liberty, but rather a good-natured palli-
ation of it, sugared with the asssurance, at
least, the promise, that Congress will grant a
subsidy in lands, and accomplish that magnifi-
eient bat mysterious object, the nationalization
of the Memphis, El Paso, Transcontinental
Pacific railroad! Indeed, his September " ex-
pos£" does not contradict a single one of the
statements ofthe article eontainedin La Libert#,
extravagant as most of them are; but prop-
erly interpreted, it appears to be a mere sup-
plement or amendment to it; and it is a heavy
draft upon our credulity to ask us, as the gen-
eral does, to believe that the article in La
Libert& was got up without any agency or par-
ticipation on the part of the company, or any
of its officers or agents.
But it would be unjust to General Fr6tnont
not to add that in his reply of September 18
to strictures upon his enterprise published in
an influential journal known in France as Le
Phare de la Loire of the 6th of that month,
he made some denials, the only important one
ot which was this. He says:
" It is completely false that we "—
Who. the company and its agents, or Gen-
eral Fi'femont only?—
"have ever de'etared that our mortgage bonds enjoy
a Federal guarantee of six per cent, interest."
It has never been alleged that General Fr6-
moiit himself had so declared, but it had been
alleged-and believed very extensively that the
authorized agents of the company had done
so; and General Fr6mont nowhere denies that
other agents of the company had so declared.
He says very cautiously, it must be confessed—
cautioasly to this particular and distinct charge:
"We have never ceased to repeat, on the contrary,
that the absolute security of our bonds results from
the mortgage iilaeed upon the immense grants, of
lands made to the company."
But he so phrases his " denial" to the Phare
as not to assert that other agents of the com-
pany may not have made that false declaration.
Could he say that Probst had not so declared?
Probst, the acknowledged agent of the com-
pany, who sold the bonds to Paradis for sixty
cents on the dollar in gold, as General Fremont
affirmed in his verbal statement to the Pacific
Itailroad Committee of the Senate ? Could he
bay that Probst had not so declared to Paradis
or"to the minister? Probst was then in Paris.
The bonds had been admitted to the Bourse l'or
more than four months. Millions of dollars
had been raised by their sale, under the most
extravagant and grotesque newspaper pulls,
from poor people in the departments, who
invested their savings in them, who had been
induced to rely upon this "Fedetal guarantee,"
who had been decoyed not only by this ialse
representation, but, by numerous others which
General Fr6mont neither denies nor notices;
who, by thousands and thousands had become
so alarmed by the rumors afloat that they be-
sieged the oflices of the bankers and brokers
from whom they took them, demanding restor-
ation oftbeir hard-earned money. Why did
not General Ptemont obtain and publish the
signature of Probst to this denial? I he world
will decide the pregnanUpio.stion. That Probst,
was the agentoi' the company and had coalI ol
of these bonds, notwithstanding the pretended
sale to Paradis, is evident- from the feet that
we find him, as recently as the first days of
April, earnestly urging the minister to admit
the bonds to quotation on the Bourse.
If they had been sold to.Paradis at sixty cents
on the dollar gold, as General Fremont affirms,
and if the sale was absolute and not a sham,
what further control had Probst over them?
And how could he declare, as he did in his
letter to the minister of State, dated April C,
" We have been obliged to deliverthe promised
bonds to the French builders?" Plainly, he
had made contracts for materials and was to
pay, not in money, but these bonds, and had
commenced paying in them. He was still the
agent having control of them. The minister
hesitated to admit them. He wanted further
information, further light on the subject. In
this quandary, in order to furnish to the min-
ister the most reliable and decisive information
on the subject, Probst says to the minister in
the blandest way: "If your Excellency feels it
necessary to wait-for such information, I beg
to observe that the last French consul general
in New York, the minister plenipotentiary,
Baron G. Boileau, is now in Paris. Mr. Boi-
leau left New York only three months since,
and now the consulate general, which Mr. Boi-
leau has managed for ten years, is provisionally
conducted by a pupil consul. It should ac-
cordingly be possible for your Excellency to
obtain in Paris, and with little delay, the most
complete and most efficient information that
could be desired."
Not to speak of the probable incompetency
of Mr. Boileau to present to the minister the
necessary facts relating to this Texas railroad,
which he had probably never seen, and of
which he could have known nothing except
what he derived from General Fr6mont in New
York, itis interesting to know that Mr. Boileau
was a brother-in-law of the General, and that
he happened opportunely to be in Paris just
when his presence was most needed. The
result was that the bonds were admitted by the
minister.
The EelairaurFinancier,(Financial E light-
ener,) another influential journal of Pans, of
May 6 and 19, and June 5, throws doubt upon
the value of these bonds and warns the public
to beware of them. This drew forth from M.
Paradis astatementiu the Moniteur des Tirages
that—
"All the documents he had produced and analyzed
(relating: to this company; hud been deposited us ori-
gin a Is in the office of the syndic of the exchange agents
in Pans, with authentic translations thereof.''
The Eclaireur replies in its issue of June 10:
"Is this telling or concealing the truth? Does it
answer any oneofoui objectionsorof our (juesuons?
Is there, or i-> there not, a grantof the right et way ?
Give the text and the da,to of the bill voted by the
Congress(ilouse) and f.lie Senate, ilaveyouthe text
of tiio contract of fusion with tho companies whose
lines have already been constructed now l'or six or
seven years for an extent of six hundred leagues?
If you have, can we sco tho contents thereof, duty
and legally certified as conformable to the original ?
Andwhvnot publish it? Is there, or is there not,
a guarantee by the United States of the inteie-,1 at
six per Cent., as has been ntiirmed, in tavor of the
bonds of the .company? Where is the text of the
law giving this guarantee?
"Ui\e a Idtle light to your readers by plaeins;
before their eyes the documents which, as 'run say,
have furnished t he me! ivu for your appreciation of
this tiling. Hut if youhu.venot the pioot of the tiiuh
of so many afiirma-tiun-.-, if y/iu lack the proot of a
single one of your promises, it is ptndentand sage
as well as honest to admit that you have aciod too
hastily, and to repair the wrong by amralimg the
subscription without waiting to have it exacted.
This will be far better than to persist it; a system of
embarrassed explanations with a. view to inspiio
confidence in the public mind, and to draw fiorathe
people forty miiiionlranes ina foreign enterprise by
ooaccaliug from your readers, tho parties caught,
tile serious objections -tvllu-h wo submit to you in
good faith, moderation, and iexpect."
Did General Fremont or any other agent of
the company ever respond to these grave and
earnest demands for proofs? Never, so far as
known. He was in Paris within a month alter,
audit is not uncharitable to Mipposo that he
became informed of tin'.-,'- serious charges
against his company, in his '! e?:pos6'' of
September he does not deign even to allude to
them, much less to clear them up.
But time would fail me to' describe the
newspaper war waged in France over these
Memphis and El Paso bonds. General Fre-
mont seems to have adopted all the extrav-
agant statements of La Libert6 and o! the
Moniteur des Tirages Financiers {M. Paradis's
journal) with the single exception of that
affirming the existence of the " Federal guar-
antee;" and that statement, false and cruel as
it was in its effects, seems never to have been
denied or disclaimed by any other officer of
the company. Of course it had a deplorable
effect. But these bombastic statements and
turgid prospectuses with which Paris was pla-
carded all over, as Minister Washburne informs
us, weredeniedand ridiculed by other journal-
ists, who attacked them with spirit and vigor.
And, strange to say, half a dozen criminal
prosecutions were instituted in behalf of the
company for defamation of its character and
credit! not one of which, so far as known,
was ever brought to trial and final determin-
ation. They were manifestly brought to aid
in puffing up the bladder of false credit to a
still greater size.
As was to be expected, French citizens
applied to our minister, Mr. Washburne, forin-
formation respecting the legal character of the
company, its charter and standing at home.
He wrote to the Secretary of State, at Wash-
ington, for information, passing by, as it was
his plain duty to do, the books and papers of
the company in Paris; and when he received
his answer from the Secretary he saw fit to
furnish a copy to Malespine, one of the parties
prosecuted, instead of handing it at once to an
agent of the company. This conduct of the
American minister was at once tortured by
General Fremont into a partisan and malig-
nant hostility to a •' great American enterprise,
the first ever introduced into Franceand Fre-
mont, thundering against the minister, accus-
ing him of unpatriotic motives, gives the finish-
ing touch to the frightful picture of opposition
he was encountering in France by declaring
that the Union Pacific Railroad Company, the
Central Pacific Railroad Company, and their
affiliated lines were jealous of his enterprise,
were its rivals, and were actuated by the mean
spirit of envy toward him; and in the end he
raised, as he tells us, some six million dollars
out of his Memphis and El Paso Transconti-
nental Pacific Ilailroad Company land bonds!
But this sketch of the affair would be want-
ing m completeness were I to omit all notice
of a certain French pamphlet, written directly
in the interest of General Fremont and his
company, and probably paid for by the funds
thus raised. This singular brochure, issued in
Paris in tho summer of 1809, while General
Fiemotit was there, is signed by '• Dr. O.
Tamin-Despalles," a gentleman who, in point
of style and lancy, appears to be an lmrnb;e,
imitator of Anachaisis Cloois, the "orator of
the human race." He tells us that "Major
General Fremont, president of ihe executise
committee of the Transcontinental Memphis
El Paso, has arri\ed ill Parib;" that the gen-
eral is 1' a son-in law of the celebrated Oolonei
Benton, and a person of gieat consideration in
the United States;" that when a transaction
relates to General Fremont, the companion of
Humboldt, the hardy traveler who at tho
peril of his life opened the road to the West,
explored it and prepared maps of it for the
emigrants, calumny is powerless; it becomes
ridiculous when it assails the fiist emancipator
of she blacks, the energetic opponent of the
confiscation of the properly of the southerner;-.
the superior commander of the whole of the
i'ransmississippian territory during the war
of secession, tho general in chief of a Federal
army of one hundred thousand men, the com-
petitor of Lincoln for the Presidency of the
Hailed States! Willi what strauie av,sarntioe
do the inus i nniorant pronounce itpoti what
ttier know nothing of! 'Whatt General Ftfi-
