3820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
which in eyery country has left its traces of
violence and lawlessness for a time, commit
some outrage, and when such things can be
used for political purposes, and used effectually
in the Congress of the United States, we have
sensational telegram after sensational telegram
published in the papers and even read from
the Secretary's desk of the Senate of the United
States!
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will my friend allow
me to suggest that there is not a particle of
proof, not the slightest evidence in these tele-
grams and papers read, that this man has been
murdered by any Democrat, nor any inform-
ation that he came to his death for any polit-
ical cause whatever.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend from Delaware
is quite right. But, sir, my friend from Maine
appeals to me to say no more on that matter;
and so I leave it. I proceed now to say a word,
■while I am up, on the amendment offered by
my friend from Missouri. He said very prop-
erly that the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
and the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court were in the hands of Congress. No man
can deny that. You may abolish the Court
of Claims oat and out, if you see fit, and you
may take away from the Supreme Court almost,
if not all, its appellate jurisdiction and leave it
nothing but its original jurisdiction ; for it is to
have such appellate jurisdiction as may be
provided by law. No lawyer can deny either
one of those propositions. But it is one thing
to take away from a court its jurisdiction, and
it is another thing for the Legislature to tell a
court how it shall decide a cause.
If you want to take away from the Supreme
Court its jurisdiction of a case, take it away.
That is one thing. You have the power to take
away jurisdiction of many classes of causes
if you see lit to do so; but you cannot, while
you leave it jurisdiction over a case, direct the
court what decision it shall make; and that is
cxactly one of the vices of the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri. He leaves to the
Supreme Court its jurisdiction, if I understood
the amendment correctly when it was read, but
he directs that the court shall reverse the judg-
ment of the Court of Claims.
What effect a presidential pardon shall have
is a judicial and not a legislative question. It
is a judicial question whenever the question
can arise in a court of justice. It may bo a
question for Congress to decide when Congress
is passing laws; but in a court of justice it is
simply a judicial question ; that is the effect
of the presidential pardon, and you have no
xnore right to tell that court by your mandate
that it shall decide that cause in a particular
way than you have to tell it that it shall decide
all the cases on its docket in a particular way.
Now, one word further on this subject as to
the Court of Claims. Every lawyer knows
thatin speaking of jurisdiction we speak of the
jurisdiction of the cause or the jurisdiction of
the person. There may be a jurisdiction of
a cause without jurisdiction of the person, or
there may be jurisdiction of a person without
jurisdiction of all the causes that could affect
that person. But we never speak of jurisdic-
tion of the person when we speak of a plaintiff.
When we speak of jurisdiction of the person
we are speaking of some defendant over whom
the court can obtain jurisdiction. We never
speak of the jurisdiction of the person when
we are speaking of a plaintiff.
Now, your Court of Claims has jurisdiction
of a certain class of causes. If these persons
who are plaintiffs there or claimants there
were under 110 disability whatsoever their
cause could be tried in that court, for it is one
of the causes of which that court has jurisdic-
tion. When you say that a certain person shall
not succeed in that court on a claim of a cer-
tain kind, that does not go to the jurisdiction
of the court. Jt is the class of cases that is
under the jurisdiction of the court; it has a
jurisdiction of causes that are under its juris-
diction. You only put this particular indi-
vidual under a disability which defeats his claim.
It is a disability just as " alien enemy" is a
disability at common law and here, too. An
alien enemy brings a suit on a bill of exchange;
the court has jurisdiction of suits on bills of
exchange ; but a plea is put in that he is an
alien enemy. That is not a plea to the juris-
diction of the court; it is a plea to the person,
and defeats his standing in that court. And
so, too, the want of loyalty in the claimant is
not a question that goes to the jurisdiction of
the court, but it goes to the ability of the per-
son to maintain a suit in that court; it is sim-
ply personal to him, and does not touch the
question of the jurisdiction of the court at all.
That being the case, you may, if you see fit-
say that these persons shall not have a stand,
ing in that court; that their petitions shall not
be received; or if received, that upon proof
of their disloyalty, or if you see fit, for want of
sufficient proof of their loyalty, (for you may
make that a condition-precedent,) their claims
shall not be entertained. I admit you may do
all that; but if you allow the case to be determ-
ined by the court,' and that person has a
pardon, the effect of that pardon is a judicial
question which the court must determine. I
am not prepared to admit that you can say that
a man who has a pardon cannot bring a claim
there as long as you leave the court the juris-
diction. Perhaps you may say that in regard
to the Court of Claims, because it is true that
the United States is not compelled to let itself
be sued by anybody, and it may select the per-
sons by whom it will be sued. That is very true.
Perhaps yon can then in the Court of Claims
say that even if a man has a pardon he shall
not be allowed to bring a suit there, or that if
he is a citizen of Missouri or Ohio he shall not
bring a suit there. I will not undertake to
argue that question. But it is not so in the
Supreme Court. When you get into the Su-
preme Court, and the cause is regularly there,
and the question there is (before you have
passed any law on this subject, before you have
said that the pardon of the man shall not avail
him) what is the effect of that pardon, and that
is a judicial question. That court must decide
it, and if that court has decided as has bgen
stated here, I must say that, in the light of the
precedents, the court has decided right.
My friend from Missouri knows very well
that an outlawed man could maintain no suit
in an English court; but the moment he re-
ceived a pardon his outlawry was removed, and
he could maintain a suit as if he had never been
outlawed at all, as if he had been as white as
snow all his life. That is undoubtedly the law.
A pardon puts a man precisely as if he had
never sinned; and in the present state of our
legislation, if it is such as 1 understood it from
the statement made by the Senator from Illi-
nois, I do not see myself how the court could
have decided otherwise. If it is wrong, then
it may be changed. I do not see fit to go into
the argument whether it is right or whether it
is wrong.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I wish the
Senate would think of this subject a little before
they dismiss the original amendment, or agree
to the amendment of my friend from Illinois.
Of course I expected objection from our friends
on the other side of the Chamber, who believe
that all these southern claimants, whether they
have been unfortunate, asitmay be called, that
is, have been in the rebellion, or whether they
have been loyal, ought to be pai4 for all their
losses. That has been avowed on this floor
over and over again by gentlemen ofhigh stand-
ing in that party. But I do hope that those of
us who think otherwise on our side of the Cham-
ber will, if we are to do anything about this
question at all—and I am now addressing my-
self' particularly to my friend from Illinois—do
it effectually, even if it does take a consider-
able number of words.
If we are to say that those who were rebels
and traitors shall not take this money from
the Treasury under any pretense of having been
pardoned, let us say it in such language as
shall be applicable to every class of cases of
that kind, and every variety, so that there can-
not be any escape from it. That is my ground
Qf objection to the amendment of my friend
from Illinois. His amendment strikes out all
of the amendment offered by the Senatorfrom
Missouri except the first clause.
This whole amendment has been prepared
by Judge Hale, well known to almost all the
Senators as the counsel of the Government in
the cotton cases, an eminent lawyer, a fair and
honorable man, who knows precisely the vari-
ous phases of this question of getting money
out of the Treasury under color of a pardon;
and he has thought it necessary in order to
make it safe, although it does cover consid-
erable paper, to put it in this form. 1 beg
of my friends who believe in the doctrine of
keeping this money from this class of people
not to haggle about cutting down the phrase-
ology so as to make it more concise, the result
of which may be to defeat the object which we
seek to attain.
Some of the cases are in the Supreme Court
of the United States. I think the one of La-
mar I spoke of is there, from whose letter (a
part of the proof in the cause) I read to the
Senate, to show that when he got this pardon
and amnesty he apologized for it to his con-
federate friends, saying that he did it in order
to keep the Government out of the benefit
derived from his cotton.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. Is not the Senator aware
that this very man Lamar is shut out from any
benefit from the amnesty oath, from the fact
that he was one of the excepted parties in the
proclamation, that he was an officer of the con-
federate government, and therefore can take no
benefit from the amnesty oath ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ver-
mont is not aware of any such fact, and does
not believe that any such fact exists, and is
informed by the counsel who has studied ail
the proofs and taken them that if this decision
of the Supreme Court, which covers the grou tid
of the effect of a pardon, is left to stand, this
man Lamar, or his representatives, for I believe
he is dead, will get this money. Judge Hale,
who has thoroughly studied the case, may not
know as much about it as the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. I only know that this Lamar
was a loan commissioner, as it was called,
under the confederate government, and that
the proclamation of the President expressly
excepted from the operations of the amnesty
oath all officers of the confederate government.
Mr. EDM UNDS. Perhaps he got an ad-
ditional pardon from a gentleman who was
somewhat prolific in pardons about the year
1865. I do not know how that is.
Now, Mr. President, to come to the precise
question before us: if you strikeout all of the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri ex-
cept the first few lines, you do not touch any
of the cases of this class which are already in
the Supreme Court on appeal, and we want
to touch those as much as any of the others.
I hen you come to the last part of the provision
which provides for giving a place of grace to
a man who was really loyal and who accepted
this amnesty, to save any question, underpro-
test at the same time that he did it, (not be-
cause he believed himself to be guilty, as many
loyal men have at times gone and taken the
oath of allegiance, which any honest man
could do,) protesting in writing so as to show
that he was not comessing himself guilty. It
provides that he shall have a certain standing,
which is fair and right.
Now, if we agree to the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois, one of the chief values
of the original amendment will be destroyed ;
we shall not cover a class of cases which we
all seem desirous of covering,, and shall hti
