1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4765
mont, one of the glories of the United States,
the popular hero of the West, who by his dis-
covery of the passes of the Rocky mountains
endowed his country with California, Nevada,
and so many other gold-bearing regions, and
with Oregon—Colonel Fremont, surnaraedthe
''Pathfinder/'the "Bnlightener!;' Doeshe
not know the route and the advantages of the
Memphis El Paso Pacific better than the fan-
tastic geographers, his contradictors? Verily
the world is turned upside down!
Again, this document tells us that—
" The Transcontinental Memphis, otherwise called
the Memphis, Ei Paso, and Pacific railroad, is di-
rected from Jefferson City. Texas, toward hi Paso on
the Rio Urartde; thcnce, throwing off branches to-
ward SantaK6 and Guaymas, in Sonora, reaches first
iSan Diego, a migmficent port on the Pacific ; then
traversing California from south to north to San
Francisco; on the other side, bound to the Missis-
sippi and the Atlantic ocean through Memphis,
Vicksburg, and the other railroad lines which term-
inate at the ports of Charleston, Norfolk, Savannah,
and New York."
Again:
"It is incontestable that from the Atlantic to
Texas railroads exist.
" It is incontestable that from Jefferson two thou-
sand laborers arc at work in continuing the road, and
that the work is actively pushed from San Diego,
under tho direction of General M. C. Hunter.
" It is incontestable that the Texas charter grants
to the company eight million three hundred and
twenty thousand acres of land, the best in the Uni-
ted States. The States and countieshavetheuncon-
trolied right to dispose of the lands that belong to
tliem." 55 * * "It is incontestable
that the mortgage bonds are the better secured as
the value of the land goes on increasing every day.
8mce the issue of the first bonds the pledgehas tripled
in value. Three months ago the company ordered a
thousand laborers to Jefferson, and this advertise-
ment had the effect to double the price of the lands,
it is incontestable that besides the lands granted by
the State of Texas, each county crossed by the road
grants of itself a total of about one million acrcs, tho
progressive sale of which will serve to pay off the
interestof the mortgage bonds."
These things are laid down as incontestable.
Could any statements be more ridiculous?
That two thousand laborers were at work ; that
the work was actively pushed from San Diego ;
that the charter grants irrevocably to the com-
pany eight million three hundred and twenty
thousand acres, (in presenti, for that is the
meaning;) that the pledge has tripled in value;
that the company had ordered one thousand
laborers to Jefferson; that this doubled the
price of the lands; that each county grants to
the company a million acres. All, all false,
and the iast statement an unblushing fabrica-
tion, without the slightest fact or circumstance
to justify it.
But further ; this pamphlet says ;
"If the General Government judges the enterprise
national it favors the emission of construction bonus,
a kind more difficult to negotiate than the mortgage
bond!!, by granting a guarantee of six. per cent, m-
teiestupori them, in gold, in a certain proportion
per mile as tho road is established."
This, too, is entirely fictitious. The Gov-
ernment has never in a single instance given
such a guarantee to construction bonds. The
author then mentions one of the two bills that
passed the House of Representatives in^.the
spring of 1869 granting the right of way, and
says that a second bill granting a guarantee of
interest at six per cent, (this was manifestly
Mr. Haeux's bill) could not be taken up in
time at the last session, and that "it will pass
in December next!" I have already shown
that this bill was defeated in the Senate in
February, 18G9. Still, this prophet foretells
positively that it will pass in the following
December! He adds:
" Wo cannot too often repeat that the Government
guarantee never affects the mortgage bonds issued
in Franco, but only the construction bonds.
Here are two grossly false representations:
first, that it is the policy and habit of the Gov-
ernment to guaranty constructfon bonds; and
second, the assurance that this guarantee bill,
defeated in February, would pass in December.
But still further; the pamphlet avers that—
"In case the company shall establish a double
track (a measure already adopted) the land grant
will be doubled in quantity, so that instead of eignt
million three hundred and twenty thousand acres,
Texas will grant sixteen million six hundred and
forty thousand acres. What surer pledge could cap-
ital desire?"
This, too, is utterly unfounded. There is no
word or intimation in the charter, or in the
whole code of Texas, promising this double
grant.
Again:
"Texas, peopled at present by several millions of
inhabitants, will easily sustain fifty millions."
By the census of 1860 its population did not
number seven hundred thousand; and it is not
probable that the recent civil war has left it
more than eight hundred thousand, if as much
as that.
I have cited enough from this pamphlet
(printed at Paris, Boulevard de Cliichy, Gi!,) to
show the system of exaggeration and down-
right invention resorted to by this company to
raise money. A more stupendous fraud never
was committed or attempted upon a friendly
people. It is one which, if the work of Ameri-
cans, should make every American blush and
hang his head in disgust and shame. And
although I take no pleasure in so doing, but
regret with sickness of heart to be driven to
it, I will not shrink from the duty, the public
duty, of exposing it, and thus doing what I can
to retrieve the good name of my country and
my countrymen from the stain fixed upon us
by this wicked conspiracy to defraud a people
who have ever been our friends, and who have
contributed so much to our own and the world's
civilization. In contemplating the instrument-
alities and the extent of this cruel fraud, all
homilies, all moral dissertations are felt to be
out of place. Every honest heart feels that
language is too feeble to express its just indig-
nation, and, obeying the impulse of nature,
exclaims, "Shame! shame!"
But who prepared this pamphlet? It was
got up directly in the interest of the Memphis
El Paso Company. It bears indubitably in-
trinsic proofs that the materials for it were
furnished by some person well acquainted with
the geography of the country, ofourTerritories,
and of our whole railroad system. There are
particular facts in it, ear-marks, showing that
the writing is by no dreamer, no mere romancer,
but by one well informed of the truth, but seek-
ing to discolor and distort tho truth. The
writing is not apocryphal. It has an intelli-
gent author. It bestows upon General Fre-
mont's early career deserved praise, though a
a little hyperbolical. Did not the writer obtain
from the office of the company in Paris the
materials of his pamphlet, so far at least as the
laws of Texas, those of the United States, and
the bills before Congress were concerned?
And where else did he find the maps desig-
nating the routes and the connections of the
various railroads he mentions?
And bow can wo account for the still more
striking fact, that though General Fremont
was at that time in Paris, and writing and pub-
lishing exculpatory letters and pamphlets in
the iuterest of himself and his company, pros-
ecuting suits for defamation against those who
doubted the reality and the good faith of his
enterprise, publishing a semi-monthly journal,
called the Transcontinental, as the authentic
exponent of the affairs of the company, the sys-
tematic defender and guardian of its interests
and honor—how can we account for the fact that
he nowhere disavows, contradicts, explains,
modifies, or even alludes to this pamphlet
of Dr. Despalles? He is as silent as to this,
the most scandalous document issued, as he is
touching the prospectus published in La Lib-
e.rU, on which 1 have commented. This silence,
persevered in when from every consideration
of personal honor, personal interest, and inter-
est of his company, he ought to have spoken,
leaves behind it a strong inference that either
he or some other trusted agent of the company
had procured the publication; or, at least, that
he was willing and consenting that his com-
pany should derive a benefit from it. In either
case his fault was really and practically the
same. And the same must be said of Probst,
Paradis, and other agents of the company. All
were silent at the moment they should have
spoken out in manly rebuke of such monstrous
statements.
The result of these Paris negotiations was
to draw from the pockets of unsuspecting
Frenchmen about six million dollars, and to
fix upon the corporation an indebtedness of
$8,400,000. The money raised has produced
nothing to convince the country that the road
will be built. The iron, only forty-six hundred
and twenty-three tons, that has arrived at New
Orleans has been attached, as I am told, for
debts due from the company; the grading of
the road has ceased in consequence, it is said,
of a want of funds to pay the laborers; the
locomotives exported from France do not
arrive, and suits have been commenced in the
city of New York against General Fremont
and his associates by the French bondholders,
charging them with obtaining the money under
false pretenses, in which suits warrants have
issued for the arrest of the defendants, and to
hold them to bail. Add to this the fact, lately
communicated to me from a source in which
I place confidence, that in addition to the
$8,400,000 bonded debt, the general has
issued certificates of indebtedness to the
amount of five or six hundred thousand dol-
lars, and altogether the picture becomes a
good deal discouraging, presenting very few
points of attraction to railroad capitalists and
operators, and fewer still to the people of the
United States.
Let me read you, Mr. President, and read to
the Senate a copy of one of these certificates
of indebtedness of the Memphis and El Paso
Railroad Company. I believe every Senator
present will regard it as a curiosity, and I desire
their particular attention to it.
Sotithem Transcontinental Railroad, Trrrrn division,
from Jefferson to HI Paso, construction aeries A,
thirty-ninth section of twenty miles. Certijicate No. —.
The Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany hereby acknowledges itself indebted to John
(J, Fremont in tho sum of $1,000, payable on the sur-
render hereof by the transfer ot fifty acres of agricul-
tural land to his order, to be located by the bolder
after completion of the above-mentioned section
of railroad upon any of the eight million acres do-
nated by the State of Texas to the company and
open to entry, or at the holder's option by one of the
$1,000 bonds that may be granted to the company by
the United States in aid of the construction of its
railroad from Jefferson to El Paso, and issued on ac-
count of thesection above designated.
In testimony whereof the executive committee, by
virtue of the authority vested in them, have
[l.s.J hereunto affixed the corporate seal of the
company this day of , at Philadelphia.
WILLIAM SCUMOELE,
A.U.SNETHEN,
Executive Committee,
Attest:
William Ssethen, Assistant Secretary.
I omit the number of the certificate and the
date. It is indorsed on the back, in order to
give it negotiability, "J. C. Fr6mont."
I cannot very well comprehend how a man
can issue that description of paper under the
circumstances of the company to which he
belongs, to which I have alluded, and still
claim the honorable position of standing at the
head of the list of corporators in the bill which
is now before us- This certificate is at the
option of the holder convertible into a bond
which the United States may hereafter issue to
aid in the construction of said road, knowing,
as these gentlemen did at the time this paper
was issued, that such an issue of bonds by the
United States in aid of that road was utterly
improbable; that it was by no means to bo
expected or anticipated. But here are certifi-
cates of that, character issued by that company
and indorsed by General Fremont, as 1 am
credibly informed, to the extent of $500,000.
Further comment on that point is unnecessary.
The affairs of this company recall forcibly to
mind the story of King Madore, of Corsica, wh6,
by various maneuvers, had made himself king
of that island, and attempted to carry on vast
wars with his neighbors with money borrowed
from Dutch and English merchants. Having
