4766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
wasted his last dollar in defending bis crown
against a "world in arms," and not having
repaid to his creditors a dollar of their loan, he
finally visited them to make explanations and
raise more money. As a reply to his atten-
tions they put him in jail for debt, where he
soon after died in want and misery. To obtain
for him a suitable recognition with posterity
the English wit, Horace Walpole, erected to
him a tombstone, and inscribed the epitaph:
"Pate showered its blessings on his living head,
Bestowed a kingdom and denied him bread."
Mr. President, I should not leave this sub-
ject without noticing the further fact that the
present constitution of Texas, framed in 1868,
provides that all lands heretofore granted to
railroad companies in that State shall be sub-
ject to entry (that is, to purchase) by virtue of
any regularly issued and genuine land certifi-
cate ; so that the people of the State have, by
their constitution, practically revoked their
grant of alternate sections to this and all other
companies. I do not here undertake to say
how far this provision is valid in law. My
purpose is answered when I refer to the fact
that by this clause the convention seemed to
be of opinion that by their own negligence in
fulfilling conditions the company had forfeited
their rights to the eight million four hundred
thousand acres of land conditionally granted
to them ; and that this important fact was not,
so far as I am aware, made known in Prance
during the negotiation of those mortgage bonds.
That this was a most material fact which ought
to have been made known to the purchasers,
no one can deny. But instead ot making it
known, General Fremont, in his Paris public-
ations, represents the contrary, and that the
grant of lands was still in full life and per-
fectly available.
Mr. President, I have felt it my duty to call
the attention of the Senate to these important
transactions in which that gentleman has taken
a leading part. I do it in sorrow, with a heart
full of the sincerest regret that they should
have occurred. No man in this body or out
has been a warmer friend of General Fremont
than myself. No one took a more lively interest
in his success while a candidate for the Presi-
dency in 1856. My voice and my pen rendered
all the aid of which they were capable in pro-
moting his election and the great cause of which
lie was then the leader. I withhold from him
no homage that is due to his political princi-
ples, his public history, and his scientific attain-
ments—none, none! Bat when I find him thus
connected with transactions which throw dis-
ci-edit upon the character of my countrymen,
distrust upon American enterprises; when I
see his friends and admirers seeking to obtain
a congressional approval of his course by plac-
ing his name at the head of the list of Amer-
ican gentlemen who are about to undertake
thereat work, so essential to oumational inter-
ests^ contemplated by this bill, I cannot remain
silent. 1 know, sir, that for the part I now
act I may draw upon myselt the denunciations
of gentlemen in as well as out of this Chamber.
But I beg them to observe that I have not
sought this controversy. I heg them to reflect
that when the name of any individual is thus
brought before us in a hill it is our right and
our duty to pass upon the propriety of insert-
ing it; especially in a case like this where the
objections though arising in a foreign land
have become notorious, challenging the scru
liny of us all, and especially of myself, charged
as I have been with the duty oi' looking into
matters of this kind. Toward General Fre-
mont personally I entertain none but the most
kindly feeling; but as an American Senator L
must be allowed to say that I neither can nor
will wink at such transactions. The honor of
my country ill France, the frienu'v relations,
both political and commercial, which 1 would
cherish with that noble and generous people,
require me to speak out in uinnly vindication
of American character and American enter-
prise.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, before further
discussion on this point takes place, I wish to
make a little explanation as to the reason of
this amendment being offered; at least to give
the understanding that I have of it. The Sen-
ate Committee on the Pacific Railroad have
reported a bill which is very satisfactory. I
believe, to all the southern Senators, and prob-
ably to a majority of the Senate. The House
Pacific Railroad Committee, it is well under-
stood, have agreed upon a report of another
bill in the interest of the Transcontinental
company which General Fremont represents.
The session drawing so nearly to a close, it
was doubtful whether the Senate bill could be
passed through the House unless some arrange-
ment was made by which the two elements could
come together. The representatives of the
House bill presented this as a peace offering
to those who were interested in the Senate bill,
to take the greater portion of the incorporators
in the Senate bill and combine with them a
portion of their incorporators, and add to them
a number of other names not in either bill, and
adopt that as a substitute for theiist of cor-
porators in the Senate bill. That is the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Nevada.
It has nearly all the names of the Senate bill;
it has almost an equal number from the House
bill; and then it has quite a number outside
of either bill.
A majority of the incorporators proposed,
as any one who will take the pains to examine
the list will see, are either railroad men of
known ability and known integrity of character,
or men that are interested in lines connecting
with this main trunk, or connected by locality
with the main trunk itself, thereby insuring,
regardless of any one name that maybe in the
list, the success of the enterprise ; and that is
all we have to look to at this late day in the
session.
We cannot afford now to enter into a long
controversy in the House over the Senate bill,
and thereby endanger any bill at all. We need
the passageof a Southern Pacific railroad. We
need it at this session. All the roads have been
provided for north, and we cannot well go
home without having a road provided for the
South. Therefore, X for one, with some other
southern gentlemen, have consented that this
combination of names might take place, in
order that we might be assured of the passage
of a bill through the Senate that will pass the
House of Representatives.
As to the name of General Fremont, I am,
for one, not going to enter into that discussion.
I did not start out originally as the friend of
General Fr6mont, and I am not coming at this
time to his support. I do not care whether he
is a first-class man or a second-class man. I
am sure, with this list of incorporators, no
one man can hurt the incorporation and no
two men and no ten men can damage it in
the least. Out of the one hundred and fifty-
five names there are over eighty men, 1 know,
whose reputation is above reproach, who will
neither sell a charter nor engage in it for the
purpose of speculation other than the legiti-
mate speculation of building a railroad. That
being so, 1 am satisfied to take these incorpor-
ators and to take the body of the Senate bill, and
let it go to the House and let it become a law.
We must have a bill; we must have a char-
ter for a southern road, and we cannot stop to
question or to wiangle over a single name.
There are men heie in the Senate who are dis-
posed to detend General Fiemont; there are a
great many in the House, f understand : and that
fact, whether he id entitled to that defense or
not, would endanger at this tune the passage
of a bill that igrxned him entirely.
With these remarks i am going to conclude
all X have to soy upon this point. I have no
argument to make upon the main question,
because I do not understand that that will be
seriously contested. This is a hard point to
get over, hard for those who supported the
Senate bill originally, because they wanted that
bill, and it may be hard for the other side,
because they wanted the House bill; but it
being the best we can do, I think we had bet-
berjoin in the support of this amendment and
let the bill pass in that shape.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I have but
a word to say in regard to thi3 bill; and that
is owing to the fact that I am a member of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad and sub-
mitted an amendment which I intended to offer
as a substitute for the whole bill. But as the
names of the corporators that were inserted in
my amendment 1 believe are in substance at
least, and perhaps all of them, included in the
amendment now proposed and offered, it is not
worth while to detain the Senate by a compar-
ison of the two propositions, and I do not intend
to offer the amendment I have had printed.
Now, Mr. President, I have but a few words
to say in regard to this personal controversy.
I have never read the voluminous report made
by the honorable Senator from Michigan in
regard to the transactions of the Memphis and
El Paso Railroad Company. I regarded that
purely as a local and personal matter, which
ought to have no connection or bearing with
a contest about the Pacific railroad.
My impressions were, from the statements
made by the honorable chairman of this com-
mittee, that many of the proceedings of the
Memphis and El Paso Railroad Company were
not justifiable ; but that was a local road,
chartered by the State of Texas, with which
this Government had nothing to do. This
bill is in no way connected, directly or indi-
rectly, with the Memphis and El Paso railroad,
except that it is obviously necessary that this
company shall purchase or absorb in some
way the grants that have been made by the
State of Texas to the Memphis aiid El Paso
railroad. The Government of the United
States can give this road no land in the State
of Texas. We have no public lands there;
and no one dreams of giving them any more
subsidy, so that for six or seven or eight hun-
dred miles, from Marshall to El Paso, where
the road passes through the State of Texas, no
aid is called for from the Government of the
United States.
It is necessary for this new southern railroad,
in order to be a success, to purchase in some
way or other the rights that have been granted
by the State of Texas to the Memphis and El
Paso railroad. How that can be done, whether
it can be done at all, whether the controversy
that has sprang up will not prevent it from
being done, is a very grave and serious ques-
tion. If so, this Southern Pacific railroad will
not be built for many years. In my judgment,
though, there ought to be a harmony of inter-
ests between those who own the present grants
made by the State of Texas and those who
will claim the grants given by this bill.
Now, in regard to the persons who should
compose the corporators, I do not intend to
go into the private character or the private his-
tory of any one of the one hundred and fifteen
or one hundred and twenty gentlemen named.
When I offered my amendment I submitted
every name that was mentioned in either of
the bills. If I remember correctly, every one
of them was included in the list of corporators—
all the names inserted by the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan in the original bill; some
sixteen or eighteen of those named as the
friends of General Fremont, and a number of
others interested in the various roads were put
in as corporators. That is the mere skeleton
of an organization; they have not the control
of the organization ; and even if General Fre-
mont has been guilty of anything wrong, he
will not influence this organization in the least.
The great majority, probably four fifths, of the
corporators are persons who have been named
without any regard to him or to his interests:
and the idea of getting up a personal contro-
versy in regard to General Fremont or his
management of the Memphis and El Paso
railroad seems to me to be to- the detriment
