2878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
or later they must all be reviewed and determ-
ined by the judicial power. The committee
hold and have recommended that the action
of the Commissioner should be the final action
of the executive power and of the incidental S
quasi judicial powers included within the exer-
cise of his discretionary power by the head of
any Department, and shall be conclusive as
to all matters within the executive power, and
that if his decision is sought to be reviewed, it
shall be by the courts charged with the exer-
cise of the judicial power of the United States,
and upon questions within that judicial power.
These are the reasons for the amendments
recommended by the committee, enlarging,
defining, and making clear the remedies in the
courts. These amendments reject the so-called
appeal from the Commissioner to a single
judge, acting as commissioner pro hac vice in
each case, aud provide for proceedings in the
courts of the United States, by which the final
action of the Patent Office can be reviewed
judicially and with effect.
Into this forum every contested case must
come sooner or later, and it is for the interest
of every litigant that the proceedings should be
without unnecessary delay or expense, and be
as complete and conclusive as they can be made. -
It may not strike the ear as a perfectly plain or
self-evident proposition, but I can say from
personal experience that it is nevertheless true [
that the remedies in equity in the courts of j
the United States, under the rules established j
by the Supreme Court, are the most speedy,
the least expensive, and the most satisfactory of
any known to the law. It is within this juris-
diction that we recommend that all these con-
troversies should be brought and determined.
The questions that arise in these controversies
are subtile, not easy to understand, and diffi-
cult of determination. They arise out of the
exercise of those powers of the mind which have j
added and which are constantly adding to the
development of the material prosperity of the |
human race. ;i
Patent laws are based upon the belief that the
field of the useful arts may be extended, and
that many things which may add to the com- ;
fort, the well-being, and the prosperity of ;
mankind yet remain to be discovered. These I
laws give to every one who thus by his invent- 1
ive genius adds to the sum of human k owl- j
edge in either of the ways indicated, a protec-
tion for a few years to the exclusive use of his
invention or discovery. They offer a premium
upon the exercise of this talent for the benefit
of mankind. They recognize a man's right to i
the fruit of his own mind, upon the condition
that he shall teach the public how to use his
invention without price forever after the term-
ination of the period for which his use is ex-
clusive. Property in ideas, and protection to
that property for a limited period, is the vital
principle of these laws. If he who can teach
us how to make two blades of grass grow where
but one grew before is a public benefactor, how
much more so is he who constructs for us a
machine or explains to us a chemical process
by the use of which one man can bring about a
greater and more perfect result than a hundred
men could do before? This is the domain of
invention, and so far as it is genuine the law
follows it with its protection for seventeen
years.
But why protect it at all, say many. If an
invention had not been perfected by this pat*
entee to-day it would have been at some subse-
quent time by some other inventor. Why not
wait and let it be produced in course of time,
according to the necessities of the art in which it
is d e veloped, and without expense to the public ?
This objection touches precisely the point of
the whole matter, and affords the best argument
for the patent laws. It admits that invention
is a question of time, and that the results of in-
vention are.desirable and valuable. The patent
laws offer a premium upon the earliest time.
If it be known that any art or manufacture
could be improved by invention in any partic-
ular, the question is, is it likely that such
improvement will be made sooner by protec-
tion of the inventor, or will it be delayed indef-
initely without such protection ?. The solution
of this question does not rest in speculation.
The history of inventions determines it. The
loom is as old as civilization, but the power-
loom was perfected under the stimulus and
protection of the patent laws. So was the
machinery for spinning. The philosophy of
steam may have been ancient, but the steam-
engine is a creature of the patent laws.
These are but individual instances. They
might be increased till the mind and memory
would be burdened by the catalogue. The
assurance that thought, skill, and inventive j
talent may gain fame, honor, and fortune, by
an early solution of the problems in science ;
and art that are pressing upon us, brings into
the enjoyments of this age improvements and
discoveries that might not have been known
for centuries later. The theologians will not
admit that'any new developments or discov-
eries can be made in religion ; the politicians
have not advanced much in their arts beyond
those we re,ad about in ancient history; in the
fine arts the greatest genius of the present
day can hardly hope to excel " the old mas-
ters;" in architecture nothing has been pro-
duced within the last five hundred years to ,
surpass that which has been known, admired, 1
and reproduced for twenty-five hundred.
The sphere, therefore, in which original
genius and inventive talent can best obtain
recognition, honor, and reward is that of sci-
ence and the useful arts. Therein, under the
protection aud fostering care of laws like that
which we now reproduce, has been the greatest
progress of the world within the last century,
and in many branches of these arts the pro-
gress has been greater within the memory of ,
living men than in the entire previous historic
period. As the desires and necessities of man- j
kind are the same in all generations there must !
be some reason why this advancementis found }
in the nineteenth century instead of in the ninth, ]
or the tenth, or in any of those centuries which j
are mere barren wastes in the history of civil- j
ization. Certainly one reason is because there !
is some incentive in this era for the develop-
ment of improvements in this sphere. It cannot
be found in the necessities and desires of the
race alone, for those have been always the
same; and those who have ministered to their
wants and necessities, with the means known to
previous generations, have been the most stren-
uous opponents of the introduction of these new
inventions.
It is not true, as argued by one of the most
illustrious of the opponents of the patent laws
in our time, that manufacturers will welcome
and adopt an invention which seems to be
called for by the necessities of their particular
manufactures. This has never been the case
where the profits of capital and labor have
been disturbed by a new invention which cre-
ated a revolution in a particular art or manu-
facture. " It may seem a paradox," says a dis-
tinguished author discussing " the rights and
wrongs of inventors," " but it is no less true,
that inventors' patrons are among their most
inveterate opponents." The inventor of the
machine for making paper, Fourdrinier, was
driven out of France, and it took him ten years
to introduce his machine into England in oppo-
sition to the methods of paper-making by band.
The inveutor of the loom for weaving varie-
gated patterns in fabrics, Jacquard, was iu
danger of his life from his colaborers in Lyons,
and the capitalists and artisans, whose money
and labor were dependeut upon the use of the
old looms for their profits, fought for years
against the introduction of the revolutionary
invention. The conflict is still recognized in
our tariff laws. In our own country we know
of the opposition to the steamboats, the loco-
motives, the mowing and reaping machines,
the sewing-machines, the revolutionary inven-
tions in the manufacture of carpets, paper,
iron, and steel. In no case docs the c;ipi-
talist welcome an invention which rcqniies
hiin to reconstruct or lay aside the machinery
used in the manufacture lrom which he derives
a profit, nor is it looked upon with favor by
the laborers, nine out of ten of whom it threat-
ens to throw out of employ.
The necessities of any art or manufacture
do not prompt invention. The conservative
tendencies both of capital and labor array them-
selves against it. The inventor is more fre-
quently than otherwise disconnected with the
trade or manufacture to which his invention
applies and from which he seeks his reward.
But the necessities of the public, t'ue con-
sumers of the product of the art and manufac-
ture, all the time demand improvement and
increased cheapness. The premium to invent
ors by the limited protection of the patent
laws is thus directly in the interest of the pub-
lic. When it is said that an invention would
have been made at some time if not at the
time when it was made, without the stimulus
of the patent laws, who can tell at what time?
When would any modern invention that might
be named, the sewing-machine, for instance,
have been produced if the inventors had not
expected a profit upon it?
What invention can be named which this
generation would willingly have parted with
and consented to have postponed till the next
century by reason of the extravagant price we
have paid for it under the patent laws, whose
stimulus and protection have caused it to be
made in our time ? Would we, then, part with
the cotton gin, the locomotive, the steamboat,
the electric telegraph, the sewing-machine, the
cast-iron plow, the reaper, the machines for
gathering the hay crop, the planing machine,
the improved steam-engine, the rotary priuting
press? I have mentioned only those inventions
which are embodied in wood and metal. But
for the small consideration which the inventors
or those working the inventions have received
would we have parted in our time with vul-
canized rubber and its thousand uses; with
illuminating gas ; with all the arts of dyeing
and printing, which have extracted from waste
weeds and the refuse of the gas factories
the colors which vie with the Tyriau purple;
with the wonders of the lithographic and pho-
tographic arts; and with all those wonderful
substances, with almost magic properties, which
are the products of chemistry as applied to
the arts? 1 challenge a reply from the most
bigoted opponent of the patent laws.
These inventors have been questioning na-
ture, and her kind responses have been a ben-
efit to themselves as well as benefactions to
mankind. But while the law has encouraged
them, capital, from its conservative instincts,
has always been opposed to them. Those who
have invested their means in the machinery
and apparatus which is well known and in
common use in any particular branch of man-
ufacture do not like to be confronted with an
inventor who can demonstrate that he can
produce the articles manufactured in a better
and cheaper manner by a method which re-
quires new investments of capital and makes
the old apparatus comparatively worthless.
The manufacturers of the old musket did not
welcome the inventors who brought them the
breech-loader and the magazine rifle, requiring
new tools for their construction and consigning
the old to the scrap heap.
Invested capital would never encourage or
adopt new and revolutionary inventions. It
would be a benefit to all now engaged in manu-
factures if no new improvement was made in
their machinery for twenty years, or until it
was worn out. They would be saved the cost
of making the changes required by the new
invention. There is a nistoru-a.1 anecdote which
illustrates perfectly the relativo position of the
capitalist who believes that he has assured
possession of the art in which his capital is
invested 'and the inventor whose invention
would render those investments of little value.
