1934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
shall, Mayham. McCormick, McNeely, Morgan,
Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Reeves, Rogers, Sher-
rod, Stiles, Trimble, Van Trump, Voorhecs, Wells,
and Wood—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Benton,
"Biggs, Bingham, Booker, Bowen, James Brooks,
Cake, Cleveland, Cowles, Cox. Crebs.Diekey, Dixon,
l)yer, Ela, ffarnsworth, l?ox, Gibson, Gilfillan,
Hambleton, Hamill, Hay, Holman, Hotchkiss,
Thomas L. J ones, Julian,Knapp, Lawrence, Lough-
ridge, McGrew, Mercnr, Alilnej, BliakimH.Moore,
Morphia, Morrissey, Nogley, iNiblack, Piatt, Porter,
Prosser, Reading, Rice, ltidgway, Porter Sheldon,
Joseph £. Smith, William J. Smith. Stone, bwann,
Swooney, Townsend, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Winans, Winchester, Witcher, and Wood-
ward—Go.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
deficiencies appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I move so to suspend the
rules that it shall be in order to move to close
debate on any portion of the deficiencies
appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask a division on that
motion.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
75, noes 39.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Holma  were appointed.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. IIolman] would indicate what
objection there can possibly be to the motion.
The SPEAKER. Debate can only proceed
by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAWES. I would remind the gentle-
man that the same privilege was granted in the
case of the legislative, &e., appropriation bill,
and that 110 complaint was made as to the way
in which it was used.
Mr. HOLMAN. If we agree to the motion
it will enable the gentleman to suppress discus-
sion, and we want to reserve the right to dis-
cuss all the appropriations in the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to do any
such thing; but under the rule what is here
proposed would have to be done on each item,
and I should like to have the power to move
it with reference to several items at a time. I
could not, even if I should try, close the debate
against the wish of a majority of the House, and
1 would not suppress fair debate on either side
of the House ; but 1 want to got the bill through
to-night, and I shall ask the House to give me
an evening session for that purpose. There is
more necessity of putting the bill through than
gentlemen are aware of.
Air. WOODs I hope the bill raay speedily
pass, and if the gentlemen will allow us to dis-
cuss each item, if we desire it, I will withdraw
all opposition.
Tho House divided; and the tollers report-
ed—ayes 91, noes 25.
So two (thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and Mr. Dawes's motion
was agreed to.
unrolled bill signed.
Mr. BE ATT 1% from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported that tho committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (S.
No. 2G0) for the relief of Polly Hunt, admin-
istratrix, and George W. Hunt, administrator,
of the estate of Waiter Hunt, deceased; when
tho Speaker signed the same.
tici: meters.
Mr. KNOTT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the liouso to offer the following preamble
and resolution for consideration at the present
time:
Whereas many eomplaints of the inutility of the
lice meters, of the excessive amount charged for
them, and of partiality shown in compelling persons
to adopt them have been made by distillers: There-
lore,
JJe it resoh-ed, That the Speaker of this House be,
and is heieby, autburised and directed to appoint a
committee, to be composed of live members of the
House, with power to send for persons and papers,
whose duty it shall be to inquire into and report as
soon as practicable, into tho practical working of
these motors, and whether or not it is advisable to
repeal so much of theacts of March 2,1867, and July
20,1868, as gives to tho Secretary of the Treasury or
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue authority to
adopt any meters or weighing instruments to ascer-
tain the quantity or quality of distilled spirits that
may be produced from any substance; and the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue is hereby instructed
to lay before said committee all facts in his posses-
sion concerning said meters, and will report the ac-
tual cost of the meters and the prioe at which they
have been sold, the number bought, and thenumber
attached to distilleries, and the number now in suc-
cessful operation; and he Will further report if sorno
distillers have been compelled to pay for these me-
ters, while others have not been so compelled, and
if the manufacturer has been paid for meters he did
not proceed to attach, and if any difference in the
amount of money deposited or paid for meters has
been made where the distilleries lor which the appli-
cations were made are of the same capacity; and the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue is instructed to
suspend the attachment or the use of any meter until
further action by this House.
Air. DAWES. If the gentleman will let the
resolution be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Aleans there will be no objection, I
think.
Mr. KNOTT. No, sir; I ask its adoption.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I object to the res-
olution.
Mr. KNOTT. I move to suspend the rules
so that the resolution may be considered now.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
41, noes 78.
Mr. KNOTT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
income tax.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a joint resolution
(H. 11. No. 192) to allow the owners of home-
steads to deduct the interest paid on mortgages
thereon from their income returns; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the mortgagor of a homestead whereon he re-
sides to deduct from his income for taxation
the interest paid on such mortgage for each
year.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Air. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
naval appropriation bill.
Air. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported a bill
(II. II. No. 1530) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30,1871;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on tho state of
the TTnion, made the special order for Thurs-
day, March 24, after the morning hour, and
ordered to be printed.
Air. MAYNARD. I desire to reserve all
points of order on that bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee gives notice that he reserves all points
of order on the bill.
order of business.
Air. BENJAMIN. I desire now to call up
a motion made by me some time since to re-
consider the vote by which the bill to define
the duties of jpension agents and prescribing
the manner of paying pensions was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
I desire to have the bill brought before the
House for action at this time.
Air. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
now proceed to the consideration of business
on the Speaker's table.
Air. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House now resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole 011 the deficiency
appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will allow the
House to control its business. The gentleman
from Alissouri [Air. Benjamin] desires to have
the House consider a privileged question in
relation to a pension hill. The chairman of
theCommittee on Appropriations [Air. Dawes]
moves that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the deficiency appropriation bill.
Air. INGERSOLL. I withdraw my motion
to proceed to the consideration of business 011
the Speaker's table.
Air. DAWES. Pending my motion to go
into Committee of the Whole, I would inquire
of the gentleman from Indiana [Air. Niblack]
who is entitled to the floor on the deficiency
bill, what is the least possible tima he will
take?
Mr. NIBLACK. I regret that I am unable
now to fix any time.
Air. DAWES. If I knew the time the gen-
tleman would use, I would move thattheHouse
limit all'general debate on the bill to that time.
As the gentle-man cannot tell how much time
he may use, I will move that all general debate
be limited to one hour; and at half past four
I will ask the House to take a recess till half
past seven o'clock this evening.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
a few words on the deficiency bill.
Air. DAWES. Perhaps the gentleman from.
Indiana [Air. Niblack] will be able to allow
him sometime out o£ his hour.
Mr. NIBLACK. T cannot tell how that will
be.
Air. BENJAMIN. The bill which I wish to
bring before the House is a very important one,
and I have for two months been endeavoring
to secure action upon it. There is no bill now
pending of more importance to the country than
the one I am seeking to have acted upon now.
I trust the gentleman from Alassachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] will give way, or that the House will
refuse to go into Committee of the Whole at
this time.
Air. DAWES. I would do so if it were not
that I am pressed very hardly by the Executive
Departments for the passage of the deficiency
appropriation bill as absolutely necessary at
this time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman is not
driven by the Department half so hard as I am
by the pensioners all over the country for action
on the pension bill.
Air. DAWES. I am aware of the gentle-
man's position. But then he will have tho
advantage of me after to-day, for he will be
able to call up his motion to reconsider at ony
time.
Air. BENJAMIN. When I can get the
floor; but the gentleman generally succeeds
in getting the floor whenever I want it.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of tho Chair
to recognize, at any time they may seek the
floor, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means [Air. ScHexck] and the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Dawes] to move to go into Committee of the
Whole upon public business.
Mr. DAWES. I will modify my motion in
regard to closing debate so that all general
debate 011 the deficiency bill in Committee of
the Whole shall be closed in one hour and a
quarter.
The SPEAKEB. The question will be first
taken upon the motion to close debate.
Mr. DAWES. If I can do so without losing
my right to the floor I will yield to some gen-
tlemen who desire to introduce bills and res-
olutions if they shall give rise to no debate.
FANNIE A. SIIAKWOOD.
Air. STILES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. B. No. 1534) granting a pen-
sion to Fannie A. Sliarwood, widow of Dendy
Sharwood; which was read a first and second
time, and, with the accompanying petition and
papers, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
