1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
Congress pass a law granting a pension to the
survivors of the war of 1812.
By Mr. ROGERS: A petition of sundry cit-
izens of the city of Philadelphia, asking that
all the soldiers of the war of 1812 b% placed
on the pension-list.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Wil-
liam Leas and 45 others, of West Sonora,
Ohio, praying Congress to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. SCOFIELD: The petition of Cap-
tain N. Collins, United States Nary, asking
that prise-money or its equivalent be granted
for the capture of the rebel steamer Florida,
at Bahia, October 7, 1864.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: A petition
of shipbuilders of Noank and Mystic, Con-
necticut, asking legislation in aid of the com-
mercial and ship-building interests.
Also, petitions of citizens of Franklin, South
Windham, Abington, Laurel Glen, Moosup,
Griswold, Lyme, and North Stonington, Con-
necticut, asking for the abolition of the frank-
ly Mr. STRADER: Petitions of E. G.
Muchmore and 60 others, citizens of Madeira,
Hamilton county, Ohio; of J. P. Roosa and
62 others, citizens of Montgomery, Hamilton
county, Ohio; of W. P. McCurdy and 33
others, citizens ofPlainrille, Hamilton county,
Ohio, for abolishing the franking privilege.
By Mr. STILES: A petition of citizens of
Cheltenham, Montgomery county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for the abo&tion of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pennsburg,
Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, to the same
effect.
_ Also, a petition of citizens of King of Prus-
sia, Montgomery connty, Pennsylvania, to the
same effect.  
By Mr. STOUGHTON: The petition of A.
Jameson and others, citizens of Gun Plains,
Michigan, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of L. M. Gales and others,
citizens of Galesburgh, Michigan, for the same
purpose.
_ Also, the petition of E. V. Peirce and others,
citizens of Leonidas, Michigan, for the same
purpose.
_ Also, the petition of J. S. Mason and others,
citizens of Brady, Michigan, for the same pur-
pose.
Also, the petition of R. H. Wares and others,
citizens of Richland, Michigan, for the same
purpose.
Also, the petition of William Caruthers and
others, citizens of California, Michigan, for
the same purpose.
Also, the petition of A. Ralston and others,
citizens of Oshtemo, Michigan, for the same
purpose.
Also, the petition of E. W. Keightly and
others, citizens of Constantine, Michigan, for
the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Hon. William Smith
Fanner and others, citizens of Ean Claire,
Michigan, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. B. Williams and
others, citizens of Girard, Michigan, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of M. E. Gifford and others,
citizens of Plainwell, for the same purpose.
By Mr. STRONG: Petitions of John N.
Bunnell and others, and Egbert E. Thorpe
and others, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. TANNER: The petition of Heman
R. Snyder and others, for the establishment of
an inspectorship of steamboats at Whitehall,
in the district of Champlain.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Sarah A.
Root, for arrears of pension.
_ By Mr. VAN AUKEN: A petition of sundry
citizens of Ledge Dale, Wayne county, Pennsyl-
vania, for abolishing the franking privilege.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of P.
V. Keogh and 51 others, of St. Josephs, Perry
county, Ohio, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William Blake and 46
others, of Greenland, Ross county, Ohio, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WHITTEMORE: Petitions from
Galveston county, Texas, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. WILLARD : The petition ofN. W.
Sawyer and others, praying for the establish-
ment of a post route from Tinmoath to Wall-
ingford, Vermont.
Also, the petition of John Foot and others,
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying for a
pension for the soldiers of the war of 1812.
Also,the petition of W. C. Brooks and others,
of Brooksville, Vermont, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also,the petition ofG. R.Thomas and others,
of Salisbury, Vermont, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of L. F. Benton and others,
of Bristol, Vermont, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Hon. C. W. Willard
and others, of Castleton, Vermont, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Hiram Wells and others,
of Woodbury, Vermont, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. WINANS: The petition of Henry
Goodman and 38 others, citizens of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, praying for pensions for
the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812, and
for the widows of such as are deceased.
By Mr. WOODWARD: A petition of citi-
zens of Lancaster, Susquehanna county, Penn-
sylvania, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Shickshinny,
Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 3, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. MORTON- I suggest that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to dispense with the reading of
the Journal. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none, and the further reading of the
Journal will be dispensed with.
house bill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 144) to
enable the Court of Claims to hear and determ-
ine the claim of E. Diekelman, a subject of
the king of Prussia, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
petitions and memorials.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of John N. Reed, of Galveston, Texas,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania* praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Nebraska, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying that a
pension may be allowed to the surviving sol-
diers of the war of 1812, and also to the widows
of such as are deceased; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions. .
Mr. RICE presented the petition of John W.
Kendall, of Kentucky, praying the removal of
his political disabilities; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Margaret
P. Robinson, widow of Richard M. Robinson,
praying compensation for property taken and
used by the Army of the United States ; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of spring-
makers, praying a reduction of the duty on
spring, tire, caulking, and plow steel ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Jacob B. Cuyler, late company B, first New
York veteran cavalry volunteers, of Delaware
county, New York, praying that he may be
granted a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Martha
Sisson, widow of Lewis Sisson, late company
L, first regiment New York veteran cavalry
volunteers, of Unadilla, New York, praying
' that she may be granted a pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented petitionsof citizens of Kings
county, New York; Poughkeepsie, New York;
; Alleghany county, New York; Albany county,
New York; Dutchess county, New York;
! Columbia county, New York; Saratoga county,
New York, and Ulster county, New York,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege ; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of
Coalman D. Bennet, of Virginia, praying (or
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
. Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented peti-
tions of citizens of Orange, Vermont; South
Windham, Vermont; Post Mill village, Ver-
mont; Fayettevilleand vicinity, Vermont; Thet-
ford, Orange county, Vermont; Dummerston,
Vermont; Pomfret,Vermont; andBrookfield,
Orange county, Vermont, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORTON. I present a petition, signed
by the members of the bar of the city of
Indianapolis, Indiana, without distinction of
party, some forty or fifty, asking that the salary
of the judge of the United States district court
of that State be increased to $5,000, and setting
forth various reasons why the present salary
is insufficient and inadequate. I move that
the petition be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. 1 have also some seventy-
five petitions, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege. I will not trouble the Sen-
ate by noticing them in detail. I move that
they He on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
Francis M. Swansou, of Georgia, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities. .
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
John E. Crander, G. W. Jones, and John W.
Green, of Virginia, praying the removal of
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee On the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented several petitions of citi-
zens of Virginia, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. PRATT presented several petitions of
citizens of Indiana, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. WILLEY presented several petitions
of citizens of West Virginia, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMILTON presented several peti-
tions of citizens of Maryland, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of H.
H. Marshall, Dr. Thomas J. Miller, Robert
