1036
ran oongkessioSAL GLOBE.
March 14,
the character of their proceedings or tljere&jlts
which followed them, then what shall w,e infer ?
Certainly not that we did not wish well of the
country, and were not •willing to serve her tc(
the utmost of curability when we were satis-
fied how we cbuldbest do so. These things
on both sides only prove that we are all but
fallible men at best. But, sir, whatever mis-
takes, whatever crimes, if you please, you may
allege or prove against individual menibers of
our organization, the masses of the party never
wavered in their allegiance to the Government or
in their submission to laws for itspfeservation.
It is true, sir, that the men of the Demo-
cratic party did not Want war when it came
upon us. They were Willing to have made any
honorable concession to any respectable body
of people in any of the States, either in the
North or in the South, to have prevented it.
But this was all of no avail, and the war came
rushing upon us. The result is now a matter
of history. , . „ . ■
And now, sir, if the history of this war shall
ever be faithfully written, as I trust it will be,
it will be recorded that whatever they may
have thought of the necessity of & war at that
particular time, and however much they may
have deplored its existence, yet when the war
did come the Democratic masses gave it a
support which is unprecedented by the conduct
of any other Opposition party in time of waron
this continent. 'Indeed,! might say anywhere
among the civilized nations of the world. For
the result of the war, in my judgment, wo are
more indebted to the energy, patriotism, and
never-ceasing tenaeit-y of the whole people of
the adhering States of this Union than to great
statesmanship or generalship among our lead-
ers of that time. Such contributions, such acts
of self-sacrificing devotion have been seldom
practiced by any people, and in all these the
Democratic masses bore a liberal, even more,
a generous part.
\Ve can, therefpre, as a general rule afford
to pass by, if not with contempt,' at least in
silence, the charges made to the contrary; and
when gentlemen repeat these charges against
the Democraticparty they are likestock actors—
repeat only what they have committed to mem-
ory merely, and nothing which either challenges
the reason, the common sense, or the sense of
justice of the American people.
Now, sir, I donotpropose in return to attack
the Republican party forallits mismanagement
and all the wrongs it has inflicted upon the
country, for my time will not permit that, nor
is it pertinent to the considerations involved in
this bill.
As I am conceding liberally to-day, I grant
that it has accomplished, whether for good or
for evil, many great results. Looking at " '
from their stand-point only, it has reached
many results of which its members may boast
without ostentation. During the brief and
gloomy years in which it has been in power it
has made its impress on almost everything in
the country in some way or other. Not only
our politics, but our social and religious con-
dition have been very much affected by it.
But while I concede that it has accomplished
so much I charge that from the beginning it
has been a party of revolution, a party of dis-
cord, a party of intolerance, a party of extrav-
agance, and a party of usurpation ; and when
it ceases to be all these it will ceaso to be the
Republican party as wo have known it in this
country for the last fifteen years. It was born
in a period of social and political revolution.
After the old Whig party was destroyed and
the Democratic party very much weakened
and disorganized by the American or Know-
Nothing party, the detached political elements
in the northern States floated together and
organized what they afterward called the lie-
publican party. And during its organization
ceremonies Sharp's rifles, bowie-knives, and
other kindred weapons were used as a part of
the paraphernalia and insignia of the party.
John Brown commanded its skirmish lines and
its outpostsand notwithst^nditjij; itiptttii:,
ful death his spirit seems yet to Eva-in much
that the party-still inflicts upon the country.
Mr, KELLBY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question 7 •■
Mr. NIBLAOK. ^ I have no time to spare.
I must decline to yield. ' '
But, sir, one great mistake which gentlemen
on the other side make when they refer to us
ori this1 side bf the House, to the Democratic
party of to-day, is that they ,seek, to hold ub
responsible not only for the original establish-
ment of slavery in this country t>ixt for its per-
petuation, as if we were the founders of that
institution and had it in charge, as though our
special jnission were to afford, it protection and
special- support. Saoh, sir, is not the history
of Slavery on this cohtinent. That institution
Was Older than thp Government itself, and of
course older than any political party which ever
existed under.it. New England ships did more
to introduce it in this country than did the
people of the South even. No dominant party
ever proposed its abolition before the War, and
it waS only after it became seriously pressed by
the exigencies of the war that the Republican
party resolved upon its destruction.
Another mistake they usually commit in talk-
ing about the record of the Democratic party
is, they assume that everybody not in full com-
munion with the radical Republican party have
been and still are members of the Democratic
party; when in truth and in fact a very large
portion of the population of this country have
not for more than nine years past pretended to
have any particular party affiliation at all, and
a large portion of the peoplo have not any to-
day. Why, sir, a3 an organization we are not
any more responsible for what was done by the
people of the South—those who went into seces-
sion, I mean—than we were responsible for
what any class of men may have done in the
Dominion of Canada either during or since the
war. A very distinguished gentleman who was
Connected with the confederate congress during
the war said to me- the other day, "When we
left the Union we left the Democratic party at
the same time, and though we Were whipped
back into the Union we have never reunited
with the Democratic party, and are simply wait-
ing the course of events." And such is really
the condition of things with a large class of
people in the extreme southern States to-day.
Now, sir, the members of the Republican
party all through their public speeches on this
floor and elsewhere are in the habit of assum-
ing and claiming special credit for all theglories
and all the successes that have resulted from the
war. I am not disposed to contest matters of
this sort with them. Looking merely to the
partisan and political results of the war, I am
willing to concede to them a great deal of what
they claim in that respect; but I submit that
if they are entitled to the glories of the war
and everything that relates to the management
and closing of it they should also bo willing
to accept the other horn of the dilemma and
acknowledge their responsibility for its cost.
Fairly and legitimately, if they take to them-
selves all its glories, they ought not to ask to
be allowed to escape the responsibility of its
burdens. If we were a party of peace, as they
sometimes charge we were, then of course we
are not responsible for the war, and should not
be charged with the cost of it. If wo assisted
in the war in good faith, and helped the
Republican party to prosecute it, as very many
of our people did, as I have shown, then it is
unkind and ungenerous in them to talk to us
about having created these expenses, because
we simply assisted the party in power in con-
ducting the war at their solicitation and uuder
laws enacted by them while that party had the
whole control of the expenses as well as the
war itself.
But since the war we have had freedmen's
bureaus. We have had a large, an unneces-
sarily large sanding Army. We have had
reconstruction. We have had many organiza-
tions, many systems established and perpet-
uated upon us by the action of Congress, that
ig, by the action of the Republican party through
Congress, which have been the occasion of an
immense and never-ceasing expense to the
Government-and to the people._ It was ac-
knowledged and avowed at the time these ex-
traordinary nieasttres'were enacted that they
would cost the people large sums of money.
But the-bojd tdeti of the party who originated
these measures charged that it was of more
importance to have these things than to avoid
the'Cost, whicll would result ,to the country from
their existence, that it was'necessary to have
thei  whatever the cost might be. And the
expenses, therefore, were held to be only a sec-
ondary matter, when considering their import-
ance. Why, sir, we have now almost always
a Federal officer at our elbow. They seem to
be everywhere present. If we cast a pebble-
stone at random we are liable to hit a Federal
officer, and in consequence to be punished for
an alleged attempt to obstruct the execution
of the laws.
* I have respect, sit, for a man or for a p&i'ty
who go forvVard in the path which ho 01' they
think to be right and submit'to all the unpleas-
antness, all the burdens, all the logical conse-
quences attached to or which may result from
the positions they assume, and avow their
responsibility for all these. But, sir, I have
not much respect for any man or any party who
seek to appropriate all the glory of a transac-
tion or a great enterprise without being willing
to acknowledge responsibility for any of its
burdens.
Now, sir, 011 looking into this little matter
of the expenses of this Government, from its
first organization iu 1789 down to the present
time, I find this condition of things:
From the 4th of March, 1789, the day on
which General Washington was inaugurated
President, down to June'oO, 1861, when the
first fiscal year properly began under Mr. Lin-
coln's administration, the whole expenses of
this Government were $1,700,000,000. I find
that from June 30, 1861, down to June BO,
1865, aperiod of four yeara, embracing the ycara
of actual war, the expenses of this Government
were $3,300,000,000. I find on further exam-
ination that from June 30, 1865, until next June
—June 30,1870—counting the estimates for the
expenses of the present fiscal year, the expen ses
for those five years will be $1,857,310,952 42;
which added together makes the expense of
administering this Government for every pur-
pose, from 18G1 down to 1870, a period of nine
years, $5,157,310,952 42—a snm equal to the
whole value of the taxable property of the
country only a comparatively few yeara ago.
In this computation of course I do not take
into Consideration the loss and destruction of
property; nor have I taken into account the
expenditures of the States, counties, towns,
cities, and other municipal corporations of the
country outside of the regular expenditures
of the Government, which together amount to
an immense additional sum. Now, sir, I take
it that a party which has cost the country so
much as this ought to have something extraor-
dinary in its record to boast of. Unless it can
show a much brighter record than any other
party in the country ever could and ever did
show I think the people of the country will
come to the conclusion that it has cost more
than it was worth, more than all parties put
together are worth. As to the necessities of
some of these expenditures I have not time to
speak to-day. I must defer that till some other
occasion when I have more leisure for the
work—a more suitable opportunity.
Now, sir, I propose to be a little more per-
sonal in my remarks, and to direct my atten-
tion somewhat to the distinguished chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
Dawes,] to whom I am to some extent reply-
ing to-day. I am willing to concede that the
gentleman is entitled to much credit for his
efforts to bring his party up to a position of
