3824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
a hearing in the Court of Claims and receive
pay for the property that was taken by the
Government of the United States after that
time. -
For what purpose was this oath or amnesty
or proclamation of amnesty tendered, to those
in rebellion if it was not for the purpose of
placing them in the very position that they
occupied before they went into the rebellion ?
At any rate, after they accepted the proclama-
tion of amnesty and complied with its provis-
ions, they should be entitled to sue the Govern-
ment of the United Stales in the Court of
Claims as readily as any other citizens.^ If I
understand the object of that proclamation of
amnesty, it was to place the citizen precisely
where he stood before h% went into the rebellion.
He accepted the terms of the proclamation with
that understanding ; it was offered to him with
that understanding; and being offered and
accepted with that understanding, now to vio-
late it I should regard as the grossest of injustice
and bad faith. But so far as those persons are
concerned who perpetrated the crime of rebel-
lion, I do not think there is any opportunity
for them to receive pay under the laws of the
United States for the property that was taken
during the period that their claims were left
uncured by accepting the proclamation of
amnesty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howard
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator trom Illinois to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. CASSERLY". I ask to have it reported
again.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the provision so that it will read :
Provided, That no pardon or amnosty granted by
the President shall bcadinissibloin ovidence on tho
part of anyclaimantin thoCourt of Claims to estab-
lish tho standing of any claimant in said court, or
his right to bring or maintain suit therein.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the original amend-
ment will be retained as it was prepared by the
attorney who represents the Government in
the Court of Claims. I understand from the
statement of the Senator from Vermont that
it was drawn to meet tho precise abuse, and
carefully drawn.
Mr. DRAKE. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state the facts to him.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. I had an amendment drawn
which was not longer in tho number of words
probably than that of the Senator from Illinois.
I showed it to tho attorney of the United States
charged with the defense of the cotton cases.
He told me that it would not reach the case, and
took it, and was two or three days engaged in
the study of the subject and in the preparation
of this amendment, as I have offered it, in order
that the will of Congress on this subject might
be effectuated in all the phases of these cases.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call the Sen-
ator to order. If I can exercise any power in
the Senate I propose to do it at this time of the
night. TheSenator has spoken more than twice
on this subject; andl invoke the Senate to vote
upon it now.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a resolution, with a view to have it
printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
can offer it at any time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is just what hepro-
poses to do.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not object
to its being offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be
ordered to be printed, if there be no objection,
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be read for the
information of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, Tbnt the thirtieth rule of the Senate be
amended by adding thereto :
Any amendment to an appropriation bill proposing
general legislation may be laid on the table without
affecting the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I like that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
cannot be considered at the present time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Rules, be-
cause we ought to make a good deal of addi-
tional improvement even to that on an appro-
priation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the resolution will be referred to the
Committee on Rules.
Mr. HARLAN. And printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And printed.
The question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois to the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe lam in order—-
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Hardly, at this
time of night. [Laughter.] I beg the Sen-
ator to allow us to take a vote on this question.
Mr. SUMNER. There is an old saying that
whatever is worth doing is worth well doing;
and I am reminded of it by the present ques-
tion between the original proposition as moved
by the Senator from Missouri and the proposi-
tion in the form it would take if the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois should pre-
vail. Now, I understand the Senator from
Illinois, who seems to have given attention to
the question, admits substantially the necessity
of some proposition like that of the Senator
from Missouri. There is no question about it.
I am not in error. He assumes that we must
now legislate in the very direction proposed by
the Senator from Missouri. And now the sin-
gle practical question is, assuming t'ne neces-
sity for legislation, whether you shall make it
thorough or not. Sir, I am for thorough work ;
and therefore I am for the proposition of tho
Senator from Missouri.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The objection to the
proposition of the Senator from Missouri is to
some of its language. The most serious ob-
jection to it is to the language at the bottom
of the second page, where it declares that "the
Supreme Court shall on appeal reverse such
judgment." I do not think we should say that
to the Supreme Court. The point is that the
courts have not jurisdiction ; and I think we
should say that the courts shall not entertain
any jurisdiction of the suit. I do not think it
is proper to say that the Supreme Court shall
reveroe the judgment. That is not necessary.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not amend that por-
tion ?
Mr. TRUMBITLL. I think it ought to be
amended. That is why I made that suggestion.
The Senator from Massachusetts says if a thing
is worth doing at all it is worth doing well. I
am for doing it effectually. This whole case
turns on jurisdiction. We have no right to
interfere in the matter, except that we can give
just such jurisdiction as we please to the Court
of Claims, and the Supreme Court should not
take jurisdiction of any case that comes from
the Court of Claims by appeal of which the
Court of Claims itself has not jurisdiction.
This being a jurisdictional question, I would
treat it so. The party has no standing in court
unless he establishes his loyalty. That is our
law ; that has been our understanding all the
time.
That, I think, is the serious objection to the
amendment as the Senator from Missouri has
proposed it. There is a great deal of its phrase-
ology that I do not think is of the least sort of
consequence. What is it? If the Senator from
Massachusetts will read it he will find a whole
page here of references to existing statutes as
to what is necessary to establish loyalty. Surely
the end designed is not accomplished any bet-
ter by reciting those statutes. That does not
alter the law one particle. It would be just
the same if that were not inserted. But that
is not a serious matter. I will not stand np
here to take up the time and annoy my friend
from Maine by making a point because we have
copied the statutes here over again. I do not
regard that as important. I think it would have
been better to have made this amendment much
briefer, and if it is necessary to refer to these
statutes, instead of setting them out as is done
here by the whole title, to have stated that the
claimant shall make proof of his loyalty "as
required bylaw." That would have covered
it all. I hjid drawn a brief amendment which
I thought would obviate this difficulty in regard
to directing the Supreme Court to reverse the
judgment. I do not think that is the proper
way of doing it. I think the proper way is to
direct the court not to entertain jurisdiction of
these cases.
Mr. HOWARD. In that case the claim
would still remain in esse, and there could be
no extinguishment of the claim, and it would
come up in some other form; whereas, if the
judgment were reversed by the Supreme Court,
there would be the end of the whole thing for-
ever. , .
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Michi-
gan will pardon me, if we can harmonize, and
save any further discussion with my friend
from Illinois, who wishes to do exactly what ■
we do, I know, and have known for a long
time, I will, and I hope it will be satisfactory m
to him, move to amend the part proposed to
be stricken out, which is in order, I suppose,
even now.
* Mr. TRUMBULL. I will withdraw my
amendment to allow the Senator to do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois withdraws his amendment to the amend- .
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move, then, on page 2,
line thirty eight, of the amendment, which is
the bottom line, to strike out the words "re-
verse such judgment" and toinsert'the words
"have no further jurisdiction thereof,_ and
shall dismiss the cause for want of jurisdic-
tion." That accomplishes the same purpose,
if my friend from Illinois likes it any better;
and I am sure I like it better myself as a mat-
ter of taste, though not as matter of law ; I
think it is the law 
Mr. MORTON. That would only apply to
the Supreme Court.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what we are now
speaking of.
Mr. MORTON. But if the Court of Claims
render a wrong judgment that is to stand, as
the other court has no jurisdiction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; when the case comes
up on appeal the case is in the Supreme Court,
and now we direct the Supreme Court in cases
of this kind, where before we said they should
reverse the judgment, which would merely re-
mand them to the Court of Claims again—that
would be the effect of that—we say they shall
dismiss the case out of court for want of juris-
diction ; not dismiss the appeal, but dismiss
the case—everything.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Vermont, for he has looked at
this subject probably more carefully than I
have done, what would be the condition of the
cause itself after the Supreme Court should
have dismissed it? Dismissed it from what?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Dismissed it out of court.
Mr. HOWARD. Out of its own jurisdiction.
It will reach no further than the extent of its
own jurisdiction. Where is the case then?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The case is dead and
gone; it is in no court whatever.' Then if the
party has a ease which will appeal to the equi-
table consideration of Congress, of course he
can come here by petition. We cannot stop
that.
Mr. HOWARD. What I am anxious to
attain is the utter extinguishment and annihi-
lation of the cause of action itself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is an utter extin-
guishment of it, because the statute of limita-
tions has now run so that nobody can bring a
new cause in these cases in the Court of Claims;
but only those that are there now can be heard,
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator is satisfied
with that language I am.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
