992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
Craig, and J. S. Davis, of Virginia, praying
the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of R. H. Rid-
dick, of Suffolk, Nansemond county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal ofPolitical Disabilities.
He also presented several petitions of citi-
zens of Virginia, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. VICKERS presented three petitions of
citizens of Maryland, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Delaware, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING presented several petitions
of citizens of New York, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of members
of the Cigar-makers' Union No. 90, of the city
of New York, praying a duty of three dollars
per pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem on all
imported cigars; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. EDMONDS. I have, I believe, six
petitions praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege, which I am advised by those
learned in the law were sent from this city in
violation of law, but are returned in conform-
ity with law. I move that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I also present, or rather
ask the Senate to advise me of the propriety
of presenting, a petition of a widow of a Boldier
of the Army of the United States, by the name
of Rosina Lenzingen, who represents that she
now resides in the republic of Switzerland.
She asks for a pension. We have granted pen-
sions to the widows of several soldiers of Swiss
origin who served in our war; but, if I am not
mistaken, there is some rule or usage of the
Senate which denies to foreigners the right of
petition. Am I right about that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been so
decided three times in the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, I suppose, it would
not be proper for me to present it. I will en-
deavor to find some other method of bringing
it before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no Senator
interposeB an objection, as the petitioner is
the widow of an American soldier, the petition
might be received by unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will ask unanimous
consent to have the petition presented and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and it will be so referred.
Mr. EDMUNDS also presented a petition
of citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
praying that a pension may be allowed the
surviving soldiers of the war of 1812, and also
the widows of Such as are deceased; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of the Danbufy and Norwalk Railroad Com-
pany, praying for a reduction of the duties on
iron and steel; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented several petitions of cit-
izens of Connecticut^ praying for the abolition
of tfe&iranking privilege; which were ordered
to iieon the table.
Mr. ANTHONY presented several petitions
of citizens of Rhode Island, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mri SUMNElt presented four petitions of
citizens of Massachusetts, praying for the abo-
lition of the-franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a resolution of the
board of aldermen and common council of
Washington city, District of Columbia, protest-
ing against the appointment of commissioners
for the government of the city of Washington;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Ethan A. Sawyers, praying compensation for
services rendered to the United States during
the war of the rebellion, and for property taken
and used by the Army of the United States ;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
R. F. Dillard, of the county of Nottoway,
Virginia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Sarah A.
R. Camp be withdrawn from the files of the Senate
and returned to her for amendment.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 380) to authorize the refund-
ing and consolidation of the national debt, to
extend banking facilities, and to establish
specie payments, to report the bill back with
an amendment in the nature of a substitute. I
ask that it be printed; and I will move to post-
pone the further considerationpf it until Mon-
day, the 14th of February, and I hope to get
the attention of the Senate to it then until the
matter is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio reports from the Committee on Finance
Senate bill No. 380, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, and moves the post-
ponement of its further consideration until the
14th instant, at one o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
whether the postponement of the bill to that
hour would give it precedence on that day ?
The VICE. PRESIDENT. It would not if
there were unfinished business of the preced-
ing day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there be no unfinished
business, will it have precedence over any
other business? If so, 1 must object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the usage of
the Senate it would not give it any priority,
unless it was made a special order, which will
require a two-thirds vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not moved to make
a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose that the gravity
of the subject itself will call it to the attention
of the Senate as soon as the Senate is ready
for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume it will; but
I wish to say that I am charged with some two
or three bills from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary that I hare been trying for a month to
get the attention of the Senate to, and I think
they ought to be considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that this is only a notice.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 402) to amend an act entitled
"An aet relating to the postal laws," approved
March 3,1865, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that the bill bfe
indefinitely postponed; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of D. B. Allen & Co.,
praying for compensation for services in car-
rying the mails of the United States, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 487)
to provide for the payment of D. B. Allen &
Co. for services in carrying the United States
mails. The bill was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Henry Etting, a paymaster in the United States
Navy, praying that the accounting officers of
the Treasury Department be authorized to enter
a credit on his account, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 488) to author-
ize the officers of the Treasury Department to
j enter a credit upon the account of Henry
Etting, paymaster in the Navy. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 292) to provide for a
building suited to the use of the post office,
the revenue officers, and the judicial officers
of the United States in the city of Leaven-
worth, Kansas, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the Committee on Public
■ Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
252) to provide for the sale of certain lots and
lands of the sea islands of Beaufort county,
South Carolina, and for other purposes, re-
ported it with amendments. The bill and
amendments were, on his motion, ordered to
be printed, and recommitted to the Committee
on Public Lands.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 489) to reorganize the marine hospital
service and to provide for the relief of sick and
disabled seamen; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
j obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 490)
I for the relief of Margaret P. Robinson; which
i was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
j mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
' Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
! consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 491) relating to the supreme court of the
i District of Columbia; which was read twice by
| its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL POLICE FORCB.
Mr. ABBOTT submitted the following reso-
; lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Whereas in localities of some States of this Union
j the public peace is commonly violated, laws defied,
I and life and projperty unprotected: and whereas
these facts, being indubitably attested, show either a
want of efficiency on the part of the local authorities
; or a disinclination to protect citizens: and whereas
[ protection to life and property by the Government
of the United States is the right of every citiaen:
efore
j liesolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the power of the Govern-
: ment to give protection to citizens residing: within
the limits of States, and to report what legislation,
if any, is necessary; and especially to inquire into
the constitutionality and expediency of establishing
I a national police force for the better enforcement
I of law.
' POST5IJJSTER AT AUGUSTA, GEORGIA.
| Mr. FERRY submitted the following reso-
! lution; which was considered by unanimous
: consent, and agreed to:
j Betofaed, That the Postmaster General be directed
to communioate to the Senate copies of,any appu-
i cation made to him by any person claiming to havo
i been postmaster at Augusta, Georgia, for compen-
: sation as such postmaster during his suspension from
i office, together with the amount so claimed, and ot
! any opinion of the Attorney General upon suea
[ application; and whether there is any evidence on
I file in the Post Office Department that such person
! ever qualified for such office by taking the oath pro-
] vided by the act approved July 2,1862, entitled An
act to prescribe an oath of office, and for other pur-
; poses; and also to inform the Senate whether any
I such compensation so claimed as aforesaid has been
paid.
| PORTS OF DELIVERY.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following res-
|1 olution; which was considered by unanimous
! | consent, and agreed to:
ij R—olved, That the Committee on Commerce be
\ \ directed to inquire into the expediency of abolishing
ports of delivery where the same can be_ dispensed
with without detriment to the publio service; and to
li report by bill or otherwise.
