1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
2881
As this subject of payment without l w*u
brought to the notice of the House bj my non-
orabIt) frieud from Ohio [Mr. Mokuax] at an
car j day ot the session} with sever© autoiid*
v^rsiious on tho Navy, I desire to state the
facts in regard to the matter, so far as 1 know
tiu".n, and lei the House and the country pass
judgment upon them. _
I'rior to the year 1835 tho pay oj the Navy
was arrived at very much as that ot the Army
now 14. namely, by the pay proper and certain
allowances; so that m truth it was difficult tor
any of the uninitiated to ascertain what pay
an officer was reaiiy receiviug. In ISoo there
was a great clamor lor an increase ot the pay
of the officers of the Navy, and a bill was
introduced and passed, after long discussion,
increasing the pay about thirty-three per cent,
froui what it was t hen, allowances included,
and estahhshiug a fixed salary instead of pay
and allowances.
.Mr. MOiiGAN. Will tho gentleman allow
me to ask bim a question?
,V.\ WASLiliUUN", of Wisconsin. I have
no objection if it does not come out of my
lime. 1 yield for a que&tiou only.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 desire to ask if the gen-
tleman understands that the thirty-three and
a third per cent, additional salary of naval
officers is allowed by law; whether, in other
words, the salaries of the naval officers have
by act of Congress been increased thirty-three
and a third per cent. ?
Mr. WASH BURN, of Wisconsin. I will
state to the gentleman—and I think I have
already stated it—that the committee have
made their estimates on the assumption that it
is not authorized by law.
Mr. MORGAN. I will not interrupt the gen-
tleman further as to that, but may take an oppor-
tunity hereafter to make some remarks on it.
Mr. WASUBUHN, of Wisconsin. I will
endeavor to satisfy the gentleman upou that
point, l'he gentleman brought this matter to
the attention of tho House at an early period
of the session, and I desire to state what the
facta are as I understand them. The salaries
tlxed in the bill of 183-3 were as follows:
Senior captain:
V, lien in service —    „._..&4.500
<?a leave or waiting orders—  3.W0
At! other captains:
On foreign stations     4.000
'Wbenoa other duty      3,jJO
Coniraanlers or master commanders:
V.'hen attached to vessels for sea service  2.n00
V "hen attached to naty-yards  2.1U0
Waiting orders        
Lieutenant":
Commanding:  1.8W
On other duty    l,6oO
Waiting orders-     1,200
To show how far this bill increased the pay of
officers I read the pay of a few officers, from a
table showing the pay and allowances of all the
otlicers in the Navy in 1831, for which I refer
to Executive Document, 23G, Twenty-Fourth
Congress, first session:
Bank. Pay and AlUnmnee* Aggre-
Cai>tiin«: ratio*,, of all kind*, gate.
John liodgeis $3,500 00 $378 30 $3,878 30
f^ar'.ea Mewart 1 ,'JTt 0) - 1,927 60
V,. 1;. Shubrick  l/j'27 00 174 00 2,lUl CO
M i«ter Commanders:
Fexball A. Parker. 1.171 85 721 (f, 1.8&4 91
M. C. Perry  1.173 8.4 2,068 S5
W .!->sinner 1,173 V> 'ZIZ *8 1 105 35
L.i'-otenants:
>'■ t'arragnt-  1,045 35 47 00 1,092 S">
A. 11. loots—  <y,2(u - 1,72 00
It will be seen from the document to which
I have referred of what items the allowances
are made op.
Attached to the act of 183G was the following
proviso:
"Provided, That no allowance shall hereafter be
made to any ©fiicer in thcnavalaerviccoftheUnited
for drawing bills, for receiving or dinbamnff
money, or tran*a«tin* any business for the Govern-
ment oi the United feutea; nor shall he be allowed
i" TYaTftf, or pay for servants, or clothing or rations
tor them, or pay for the same; nor shall any allow-
ance be made to him tor rent of quarters, or to pay
rent lor furnitnre, or for lights or fuel, or transport-
in; luggage, it is hereby exprcssfy declared that the
yearly allowance provided in this art h all the pay
compensation, and allowance that shall be received*,
41st Cono. 2d Sess.—No. 181.
under <u>y circumstances whatever, by anysuch offi-
cer or person, except for traveling expenses when
under orders, for which ten conts per milo shall be
allowed."
Congress having thus been so liberal in in-
creasing the pay of officers, it was deemed just
and right that under no pretense should their
pay be increased by allowances, and thus it
remained until 1860, when the pay qf the offi-
cers of the Navy was again increased ; and
again in 18G'J, and thus remained until April
17, lWk>, when in the naval appropriation bill
for the year ending June 30, 1807, the follow-
ing section was enacted:
"•rtn.f be it farther enacted, That so much of thcsoc-
ond section of an act entitled 'Aunot to regulate tho
pay ot'tho Navy of the United State*,' approved
March 3,as prohibits any allowance to any olli-
ecr in the naval service lor rent of quarters, or for
furniture, or for light*, or fuel, or transporting bag-
gage, anil all acts aud parti of acta authorising tho
appointment of Navy tuccutd be, and the saino are
hereby, repealed."
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to put a question there?
Mr. WASIIBUHN, of Wisconsin. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORGAN. Does ray honorable friend
claim that the allowances which have been
given to the officers of the Navy prior to lb;'.3
wero authorized by law, or does he regard them
as abuses which had grown up in the Navy
Department?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I do not
claim that they were authorized by law.
Mr. MORGAN. Then I understand the gen-
tleman to admit that those allowances were
abuses which had grown up in violation of law.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Certainly;
I admit that they were abuses which had grown
up prior to 183-3. Therefore, there being no law
prior to 183-3, the total repeal of the act of 1SC6
would not have given the additional thirty-
three and a third per cent.
I have looked over the Congressional Globe
to find out how such an enactment was ever
made, and I find it occurred in this wise: on
the 10th of March, 18G0, while the naval appro-
priation bill was beingconsidered in the Senate,
occurred the following'debate:
Mr. Games. I ofTer this amendment as an addi-
tional section:
lit it further enacted, ic., That the second lection
of an act entitled ' An aet to regulate the pay of the
Navy of the United States,' approved March 3,1<<35,
and all acts or parts of acts authoriiing the appoint-
ment of Navy agents be, and the lain* are hereby,
repealed.
Mr. TitruBri.L. What is the effect of that? It
seems to bo a general provision of law which has
nothing to do with an appropriation bill. I do not
understand it. it seems to bo a repoal of the law
authorizing the appointment of Navy agents.
" Mr. tlntHns. That is it.
" Mr. Fkssexdbx. They have been dispensed with
already.
"Mr. TnrMr.rT.L. How? Bylaw?
"Mr. Cosxxss. By the action of tho Depart-
ment.
" The amendment was agreed to."
And this is all the discussion that took place
when this amendment was made, wh ich has been
the exense for taking some four million dollars
from the Treasury. The Senate amendments
were disagreed to by the House and a commit-
tee of conference appointed. The result of (
that conference was an amendment of the !
Senate amendment, so as to read a3 follows,
namely:
"And be it further enacted. That so much of the sec-
ond section of an act entitled 'An act to regulate
the pay of the Navy of tho United States,' approved
March 3, l#3i>, as prohibit* any allowance to any
otlieer in the naval service for rent of quarters or for
furniture, or for lights, or fuel, or transporting bag-
gage, and all acts and parts of acts authorizing the
appointment of Navy agents be, and the same are
hereby, repealed."
No explanation was made by the House
committee in regard to this amendment and
it was adopted by the House without debate.
No word was said in either House to indicate
that it was intended thereby to increase the
pay of the Navy. On the contrary, Mr. Grimes
stated that the object of the amendment was
only to repeal the law authorizing the appoint-
ment of Navy agents. Had the amendment as
offered in the Senate prevailed, it may be
questionable whether the officers would not i
have been entitled to the allowances they worn
entitled to before the net of 1833, if they were
then by law entitled to any, as [ think they
were not; but it will be observed that the fol-
lowing provision of the act of 1833 was not
repealed, but stands to-day tho law of tliu laud,
namely:
"It is hereby expressly declared that tho yearly
allowance provided iu this act is all tho pay, com-
pensation, and allowance that shall bo received
under any circumstunoes whatever by such otiioer
or porsou, except tor traveling expenses," Ac.
And this was retained by the action of the
House in refusing to concur with the Senate
in repealing that part of the section. So that
I am forced to say the allowance of thirty-
three per cent, since the passage of said net.,
made by virtue of the order of Secretary
Welles, dated May 23, 18GG, and paid out of
the naval appropriations, was utterly in viola-
tion of law.
The order of Secretary Welles was as fol-
lows
[General Orders, No. To.]
Navy Department, May 23,18tif>.
Congress having, in view of tho call for increased
compensation to officers of the Navy, repealed tho
law which prohibited any allowance to them "lor
rent of quarters or to pay rent for furniture, or
for lights or fuel," Ac., tho Department, in order to
prevent a recurrence of tho irregularities, nbuxes,
and arbitrary allowances which occasioned thu pro-
hibition, deems it proper to establish a fixed rate of
compensation in lieu of the extra allowances which
were prohibited by the law now repealed. Accord-
ingly, from and after tho 1st day of Juno proximo,
officers who are not provided with quarters onshoro
station* will be allowed a sum equal to thirty-three
and ono third percent, of their pay, in lieu of all
allowances, except formileage ortraveling expenses
under orders; and thoso provided with such quar-
ters, twenty per cent, of their pay in lieu of said
allowances.
The act of March 3,18G3, having increased tho pay
of midshipmen nnd mates, tho allowance hereby
authorized will not be extended to them.
GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy.
It falsely assumes that Congress intended to
give the Nnvy increased compensation, whereas
the fact is that no such idea was advanced by
any member of either House, but the very op-
posite was the fact, as shown by retaining that
part of section two I have named.
It further falsely assumes that the prohibi-
tion of the act of 1835 was made by the reason
of arbitrary allowances before that time, and
to prevent a recurrence he established a com-
mutation of thirty-three per cent., whereas the
reason for such prohibition was that the pay
had been largely increased, and the allowances
were cut off in conseqnence.
As this question of increased pay concerns
every officer of the Navy I say this: if the pay
is not sufficient under the law letit be increased
by t he only power that can properly increase it.
That the stoppage of thistnirty-tbree per cent,
will be a grevious disappointment, to the officers,
I know, and particularly so to the low grade
of officers. While the pay of the Navy has not
been largely increased since 1860, it should be
borne in poind that what amounts to the same
thing has been done. We have created the
rank of Admiral, Vice Admiral, and Uear Ad-
miral, thus changing the relative rank and pay
of the whole-Navy. A captain now is rela-
tively three grades less than in I860, and yet
he gets the same pay. A comparison of the
Navy pay with that of the Army, as provided
for in the bill which lately passed the House, I
find that the Navy pay is something less than
the proposed Army pay.
Tne following table shows the pay proposed
for the Array in the bill as it passed the House
a few days ago:
Per near.
General of tho Army $12,000
Lieutenant General  10,000
Major general    7,500
Brigadier general  5,000
Colonel  3,500
Lieutenant colonel  3,000
Major    2,500
Captain, mounted,  2,000
Captain, not mounted  1,800
First lieutenant, mounted  1.G00
First lieutenant, not mounted 
Second lieutenant, mounted 1,500
Second lieutenant, not mounted  1,400
