1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1937
economy and of carefulness in the expenditures
of the public money. But I never attached so
much importance to the speech which the gen-
tleman made some weeks ago, known as his
''League Island speech," as some other gen-
tlemen have done. The greatest value which
that speech had, in my judgment, was that it
served, under the circumstances in which it
was made, to arrest the attention of the coun-
!rv and to direct it particularly to this matter
dI public expenditures. The gentleman had
evidently become alarmed in looking over these
Urge estimates submitted by the present Ad-
ministration, and in view of the professions of
economy, in view of the promises of retrench-
ment which had been made by his party from
time to time of late, he at once apprehended
the danger of allowing such estimates to go un-
challenged to the country; and being a shrewd
party man, as he is, being an accepted party
leader, as he very properly is on his side of
the House, he availed himself of the oppor-
tunity to read a lecture to his party friends,
more especially for the sake and for the good
of the party to which he belongs.
I have no doubt that the gentleman himself
was as much astonished as any one else could
have been to see the eagerness with which the
tax-ridden people of this country caught up the
suggestions which he made and echoed and
reechoed them from one end of the country to
the other. I have all the while been under the
impression that in the heat of debate upon that
occasion he said more than he at first intended
to say, and that he perhaps inflicted a greater
injury upon some of his party friends than he
really intended to do. But, sir, to me the most
remarkable feature connected with the speech
of the gentleman from Massachusetts was the
very generous and chivalrous conduct of his
colleague [Mr. Butler] in coming to the res-
cue of this Administration on these charges of
extravagance. Sir, he did it with a gallantry
and chivalry which would have challenged the
admiration of men in earlier days when the
code of chivalry was more universally acknowl-
edged than it is now, and it was especially gen-
erous on the part of the gentleman to make this
defense in view of the bottling-up" process
practiced upon him a few years ago by the dis-
tinguished chief of this Administration. Sir,
it evinced a spirit of abnegation and self-sac-
rifice worthy of all commendation everywhere,
and which ought to be perpetuated in some
other and more attractive form than any notice
I can give it here. For this purpose bronze or
marble is more appropriate than the musty vol-
umes of the Globe. But by some mysterious
process known only to the initiated, and to those
only skilled in Republican party tactics, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has
dropped out of this controversy, and it is left to
the distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to cover the defense of the
Administration as gallantly as he led the attack
itself in the first instance.
Sir, when the Chronicle of this city, the
organ of the Administration in this city, very
gently and in the kindest tones possible re-
minded the gentleman from- Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] of the injuries he had inflicted
upon the Administration, and when the echoes
coming up from the country showing the sen-
sibility which the people felt in regard to the
question of taxation and public expenditures
were brought to the attention-of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, he hastened to another
field where the hour rule and other limitations
upon debate do not exist as they do here, to
try and repair some of the injury he may have
inflicted upon his party friends, and to atone,
if possible, by other kinds of service for the
damages he had so unwittingly done. So he
went to New Hampshire, bearing a message
from the President which was of a character
to be highly encouraging, and which I trust the
future of this Administration will verify in all
respects.
And I see by the papers that the gentleman
is needed fti the State of Connecticut, and ex-
41sx Coxg. 2d Sess.—No. 122.
pected to be there before the election which
soon comes off there. I suppose they think
that because he is the one who inflicted this
injury, the one who gave this blow, he under-
stands better than anybody else how to ward
it off. I trust his business engagements here
will permit him to accept that invitation of his
friends in Connecticut that they may have the
pleasure of seeing him and hearing him before
the election. This talk about economy can do
no harm even if it be for partisan and election-
eering purposes, as it at all events attracts the
attention of the people to the great need of it.
After having given a little attention to this
League Island speech" affair, and to thecir-
cumstances by which the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr, Dawes] is surrounded, I have
come to the conclusion that Massachusetts can-
not afford to quarrel with President Grant, with
the present Administration as a whole, or with
the Republican party; in other words, that
Massachusetts is under bonds to keep the peace
with the Republican party under almost any
circumstances likely to arise under party
emergencies.
Now, why do I say so? Let me explain. Of
the seven members of the Cabinet of the pres-
ent Administration Massachusetts has two,
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Attor-
ney General. Of the foreign appointments
under the Government,Massachusetts has the
minister to England, the first appointment
of that class, and a long list of subordinate
appointments, which I have no time to enum-
erate to-day. In the Senate of the United
States Massachusetts has the chairmanships of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the
Committee on Military Affairs, two of the most
important committees of the Senate. In the
House of Representatives there are forty-seven
standing and select committees, there being
hardly more than one chairmanship for each
State if a fair division is made, yet in this
House Massachusetts has the chairmanship of
four of the most important committees, those
of Appropriations, Claims, Foreign Affairs,
and Reconstruction, besides prominent posi-
tions upon many of the other important com-
mittees of this House.
Now, sir, this is not near all that Massachu-
setts enjoys under this Administration, but it
is enough, I think, to prove the truth of the
remark I have made, that Massachusetts cannot
well afford to quarrel with either this Admin-
istration or with the Republican party. In the
matters of honors and emoluments, and spoils
and patronage, Massachusetts has the lion's
share, and I presume feels very much as South
Carolina used to feel, that is, desires to be
'1 let alone'' to enjoy in peaoe her preeminence
over the other States of this Union. But in
extending my investigations I am inclined to
think that there are other States which cannot
afford to quarrel with this Administration, and
more especially other New England States. I
have visited some of the Departments on busi-
ness within a few days past. I have been
several times told that my business could not
be attended to then. " When could it be at-
tended to 1" I would inquire. " In a few days.''
"Why not now ?" Because the clerk in charge
of it was absent in New Hampshire. " He
has gone home to vote."
Now, if the single election in New Hamp-
shire took away so many important officials
from the Departments, if there should happen
to be an election in all the New England States
on the same day it would almost depopulate
the Departments for the time being.
This illustrates very fairly, I think, the very
liberal patronage which all New England is
enjoying under this Administration. But the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
in referring to this matter of public expendi-
tures, claimed that the great objection to the
estimates submitted by the present Adminis-
tration was that they were in excess of those
submitted by the late administration of An-
drew Johnson, which he charged was a profli-
gate Administration.
Upon that matter I have a few remarks to
submit. Ihe country ought to understand that
the estimates for this Administration have been
submitted by substantially the same men who
submitted the estimates during the last year of
President Johnson's administration. Ofcourse
there are some slight changes ; but to a great
extent the same men prepared both sets of
estimates. The officers who did this work are
a subordinate class of officials whom President
Johnson's administration inherited for the
most part from that of Mr. Lincoln, and whom
in turn President Grant's administration in-
herited from President Johnson. Hence it is
a matter of some importance in this view that
whatever increases may have been made in these
estimates were made in consequence of sug-
gestions coming from officers higher in posi-
tion than they themselves are. Any increase,
therefore, in the estimates of this year over
those of last year must have been in conse-
quence of suggestions made by some superior
officers appointed under this Administration
by reason of changes in the heads of the De-
partments and a few of the heads of bureaus.
Sir, the history of tho last five years, and I
think I have read it aright, has convinced me
of this proposition at least: that the Adminis-
tration embraced within the period when Mr.
Johnson acted as President of the United
States, was in all respects and for all political
and party purposes a congressional Adminis-
tration, one with which the executive depart-
ment of the Government had very little to do.
The Republican party during all that period
had more than two thirds majority in Con-
gress. It overruled vetoes, passed civil tenure
bills, rejected appointments, regulated appro
priations, and finally, during the last year of
Mr. Johnson's term, undertook to get rid of
him altogether by impeachment, and only
failed by some mysterious division in its ranks,
the secret of which I have never been able to
understand, and which I suppose the country
does not yet and perhaps never will under-
stand.
The Republican party in Congress could pass
what laws they pleased. They could not only
unseat at pleasure members of this body, but
could put others in their places whether they
were elected to them or not. They exercised
supreme power over everything pertaining to
the administration of the Federal Government.
Hence, to attempt to fix on President John-
son's administration the responsibility for any-
thing that may have occurred especially affect-
ing the public expenditures' is simply under-
taking to shuffle off the responsibility which
properly belongs to this body during the Thirty-
Ninth and Fortieth Congresses. Now, sir,
upon that subject I propose to submit some
testimony—Republican testimony—in opposi-
tion to that of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes.] I hold in my hand a
speech delivered in this House on the 2d day
of July, 1868, by a then Representative from
the State of Maine, a trusted man of his
party, and now the distinguished Speaker of
this House. After the appropriation bills had
nearly ail passed he proceeded to make a state-
ment to tne country in regard to the financial
condition of the Government. I will ask the
Clerk to read an extract from that speech.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Chairman, we have entered upon a new fiscal
year, and the last appropriation bill to provide for
its expenditures has been reported and isnowbefore
the House. The occasion seems a fit onefor a brief
survey of our financial situation a«d for a pertinent
answer to the many misrepresentations so industri-
ously set afloat in regard to governmental expend-
iture*. A very labored attempt has been made
throughout the country by certain parties and parti-
sans to create the impression that the expenditures
of this Congress are on ascale of heedless andreofcless
extravagance. I propose to show that .such is not
the fact, but that, on the contrary, tho expenditures
are made with far more regard to economy than dis-
tinguished the last Democratic Administration tnat
was in power in this country. The question is one
of figures and not of argument, and hence -t proceed
at onee to the figures." . t
Mr. NIBLACK. In that speech, Mr. Chair-
man, the gentleman proceeds to give a state-
