4770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
remark becoming the American Senate, and
my only reply to it is to read an extract from
a letter recently received from the American
minister at Paris, dated the 2d of June instant,
in which he says:
"Xhnt Transcontinental matter is terrible, and it
has intheted a blow on the credit of our country here
in Paris that we cannot recover from in years."
Will the honorable Senator from Nevada
say that this is   mere trifle; that it is deserv-
ing of nothing but scorn and ridicule in the
American Senate? Sir, it is impossible. I
believe what the minister says, that these trans-
actions are "terrible, and have inflicted a blow
upon the credit of our country here in Paris
that we cannot recover from in years." To
insert the name, therefore, of General Frjjmont
into this bill is, in my judgment, such ail in-
dorsement and approval of General Fr6mont
as we ought not on the present occasion to
make.
Mr. STEWART. I do not understand that
it is to insert others in lieu of them. I under-
stand that it is a list of pretty much the same
names, and quite a large number more.
Mr. HOWARD. I know there are a great
many more; but the great issue upon this
amendment is not so much whether other
names shall be inserted in the list contained
in the bill, but whether General Fremont's
name shall be inserted in it. I have already
given my reasons for my opposition to that.
Mr. WARNER. I do not at this hour of
the night propose to discuss the merits of this
railroad ; nor is it, indeed, necessary. I think
that the Senate and the country are all of the
opinion that for the Government to provide
for the building of a southern Pacific railroad
is wise for the South and wise for the whole
country. I think the public opinion of the
country is made up on that point.
The question now before the Senate is mainly
as to who shall build and control the road. The
interest which I have in the road is, that the
control of the road shall pass into the hands
of men who will most speedily and mostsurely
build it. I should deem it a great calamity,
not only to the South, who are by this road to
have their communication with the Pacific
ocean, but to the whole country, if the control
of this road should pass into the hands of men
who were incapable or unwilling to build it,
or who did not intend in good faith to proceed
at once to execute the work. I presume that
the objection that is felt 011 the part of those
who take the most vital interest in the building
of this road, and of course those from the sec-
tion of country that I in part represent are
more deeply interested than others—the ob-
jection made by them to General Fr6inontand
his associates is based upon the idea, I pre-
sume, that the incorporation of his name and
the names of his associates in this bill will
delay the building of the road.^ They fear
that such is his financial reputation, such his
reputation for failing in what he undertakes in
a financial way, that discredit may be thrown
upon this road, upon its securities, and upon
the ability and energy and disposition of the
company speedily to prosecute the work.
1 certainly have no unkind feeling toward
General Fr6mont. My recollections of him—
and they are kindly ones—go back a great many
years. I remember being a very earnest, and
enthusiastic supporter oi his in 18,>6. I re-
member the Wide Awake Club that, I belonged
to and the Wide Awake cape that I wore, and
my sympathies have all been with him per-
sonally, and they remain with him still.
But there is another question besides per-
sonal sympathy for a man. In the control ot
th.s l-oad lies the question of the gauge ot the
load. The bill reported from the committee
provides for a four feet eight and a hall' inch
gauge. Now, the gauge of all the roads in the
Gull' States is five feet. If you make the gauge
of this road four feet eight and a half inches
you oblige a change of cars, a breaking of hulk,
a transhipment of freight at some point west
of Marshall; and thus you discriminate against
all the Gulf roads, who are in the largest degree
interested in this road. That to us is a very
important question. We want to ship passen-
gers and to ship freight directly across the con-
tinent. We think that this is to be the great
route of transcontinental trade and traffic; that
it gives the shortest railroad transit from ocean
to ocean; and the great depots will be San
Diego on the one side and at Savannah or
Brunswick on the other; and we want that
cars and passengers shall go through without
change.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question for information
in that connection?
Mr. WARNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. Suppose that the gauges are
different, does that necessitate a change of
cars, a breaking of bulk at the point of junc-
tion ? Have not, recent improvements in cars
been made whereby they can be accommo-
dated to almost any gauge within certain pre-
scribed limits?
Mr. WARNER. I understand that there
are engines made which are adapted to run
either upon a four feet eight and a half inch or a
five feet gauge. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thcrman] tells me that these engines are only
adapted to the different gauges between four
feet eight and a half inches and four feet ten
inches. I understand that, even for gauges of
that difference the engines are nut a success ;
but at any rate, even if there are engines that
are built and worked with more or less suc-
cess upon roads between tour feet eight and a
half inches and four feet, ten inches, our south-
ern railroads have not those engines, and it
would oblige the throwing away of all the
engines and all the car3 with which their roads
are now stocked and the purchase of new ones.
It is entirely impracticable.
Therefore I say that if this is to bo a south-
ern road, the other sections of the country
having two roads, with the extremely northern
and the route by the way of the Mohave and
others contemplated—if this is to be a south-
ern road, as it is understood to be, the gauge
should be the same as that of the other south-
ern roads. There should not be a difference
of gauge, thereby compelling a breaking of
bulk and a transfer of passengers, and a change
of cars, as at some point of road near the
western boundary of Texas. Such a gauge is
a discrimination against all southern railroads,
and will be so regarded by them. It will be
regarded as a discrimination ill favor of north-
ern lines of railroad; and hero, I think, lies
the key of this controversy. It is not any sym-
pathy for the name of General Fr6mont, but
that General Fremont, in the control of this
line of road and its gauge, represents the idea
of discriminations against all southern rail-
roads, and favoring the other line3 by northern
routes.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow
me?
Mr. WARNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator makes a
charge like that 1 think he should have some-
thing to substantiate it. It is the first time I
have heard a suspicion of that kind. I wish
the Senator would oblige the Senate by giving
the grounds for such an assertion as that.
Mr. WARNEK* The substantiation of it lies
in the very facts themselves; the original propo-
sition, which is known as General Fremont's,
was to build a road from Memphis southwesterly
uniil it struck the thirty-second parallel at a
point we&toi Fulton, and thence through, with a
four feet eight and a half inch gauge; and it is
only at this session that a connection has been
conceded with the other lines of road across the
Gulf States. At the last session of Congress,
when the proposition of General Fr6mont, for
the light of way across the Territories to the
Pacific ocean was pending, after it had passed
the House of Representatives, it came to the
Committee on Public Lands, and it provided
for no connection with Vicksburg or with the
Gulf lines of railroad. It provided simply for
a line from Memphis, running southwesterly
until it struck the thirty-second line at or about
the one hundredth meridian of west longitude,
and thence through substantially on that line
to the Pacific ocean. I, in the committee,
looking to the interests of the southern rail-
roads, and looking to the interests of the sec-
tion which it is my duty to represent,, opposed
the passage of that bill through that commit-
tee until General Fremont conceded to me an
amendment, providing that within two years
he should build a connection between Mar-
shall, Texas, and the point where he struck
the thirty-second parallel; that he should build
a line due west from Marshall until it inter-
sected the line of his road. Very reluctantly,
and only because his bill could not otherwise
be reported, did he consent to that amendment,
and it came to the Senate in that shape.
This proposition now, as I understand it, is
a revival of the same idea. Now, we ask that
this road shall be made of the same gauge
with our southern roads, so that there shall not
be any discrimination against them. If the
amendment of the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Nte] meaus nothing more than sympathy for
and justice to a distinguished citizen of the
country, John C. Frfemont, for whom my sym-
pathies are as kindly and as warm as those of
any Senator on this floor, if it is to be held
that it is like proscription to forbid his name
entering into this bill, then I will meet that by
moving, as I believe I have a right to do, to
amend the proposition to be stricken out by
adding to the list of corporators in the bill
reported from the committeethe name of John
C. Fremont.
The PRESIDIN G OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) 'The Chair will state that it, is
in order to amend the portion of the bill pro-
posed to be stricken out; and if the Senator
from Alabama makes that motion it will be
entertained, and that will be the first question
to be considered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am not
a little surprised at the im portance that is sought
to be attached to the pending amendment. The
Senator from Alabama seems to suppose that
it is very important as to whose names should
go into this corporation in the first instance,
because that is to control the gauge of the road.
Why, Mr. President, it has nothing on earth to
do with the gauge of the road; and these cor-
porators, Fremont and all of them together,
cannot fix the gauge of the road. What have
these corporators to do? I beg of the Senate,
and of the Senator from Michigan, who has
occupied three hours of the Senate's time last
night and to-night in an assault upon an indi-
vidual named as ono of the corporators, to
look at the bill and see what they are to do.
I believe some one hundred and fifteen or one
hundred and twenty or one hundred and fifty
have been named ; and at least fifteen of them
are to assemble at some time within three
months after the passage of the bill, on notice,
and to elect a Certain number as commission-
ers, who are to open books for subscription ;
and then, when a certain amount of stock is
subscribed, the stockholders are to meet again
and organize the company that is to build this
road.
Mr. KELLOGG. They are to choose a pres-
ident, vice president, and treasurer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not of the company,
but merely to take subscriptions. All these
corporators can do is to organize a commis-
sion, with a president and a secretary and a
treasurer, to do what?
Mr, KELLOGG. They constitute the com-
mission.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They constitute a com-
mission to receive subscriptions; and when
those subscriptions are received, then it is their
duty to give notice, and the' stockholders meet,
and what do they do?
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask the
