994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
priotion, we might lose the benefit of the work
that has been done up to this time.
Thus a rigid enforcement of the law by Con-
gress, by a refusal to act on this bill, would
inflict upon the Government a serious loss. I
am therefore perfectly willing to follow the
lead of the Committee on Appropriations,
either in appropriating a specific sum neces-
sary to carry on the work for this year, or in
transferring certain heads of appropriation to
enable the Navy Department to go on ; with
the understanding, however, that at the end
of this year we commence with a clean set of
books from beginning to end; that all the un-
expended balances of the annual appropria-
tions shall be transferred to the surplus fund,
and that no money shall be hereafter drawn
from the Treasury except in pursuance of an
appropriation made by Congress at the next
preceding session, or in pursuance of perma-
nent or indefinite appropriations made from j
time to time. !
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, a remark
made by the Senator from Ohio I think ought |
t.o attract the attention of the Committee on !
Naval Affairs. If I understand him correctly j
he states that the Navy Department have ex- j
pended almost the entire appropriation that
was allowed to that Department for the Bureau '
of Construction and Repair, and have expended
it directly contrary to the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me
to limit that somewhat? They have expended
in about six months all that was appropriated
for the whole year. They therefore entered
upon a course of expenditure during the last six
months that could not be maintained throughout
the year. They might probably expend the
whole oftheamountinsixmonths, bat it would
not be a judicious or proper expenditure of an
annual appropriation intended for the service
of the whole year. I, perhaps, therefore stated
it too strongly.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear an
explanation of this matter from some member
of the Committee on Naval Affairs who is able
to give us light on the subject. It seems to me
very strange that we Bhould now be called upon
to rob Peter to pay Paul, to transfer appro-
priations belonging to one naval bureau to
another in order that the work may go on, when
it is admitted here that the expenditure thus
far on the part of the favored bureau has been
entirely illegal. I should like to hear some
explanation of it.' I dislike this mode of appro-
priating money. There seems to be something
irregular, I will not say fnrtive, but something
that needs explanation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say to the
Senator from Michigan as well as to the Sen-
ate that this bill appropriates nothing. I
should like to have that distinctly Understood.
The bill before the Senate appropriates not a
dollar. It proposes to distribute money already
appropriated to the Navy Department, and
which • lies in some of the bureaus, to other
bureaus which are short. That is the whole
thing.
And now'I wilt make a statement in addi-
tion to what my honorable friend from Ohio
has said in regard to the two bureaus which are
short. I think it is fair to those bureaus that
I should do so. The bureaus which are short
and need the distribution are the Bureau of
Steam Engineering and the Bureau of Con-
struction and Repair. It is said that they have
overdrawn. In some senses that is so; bat it
is fair to say that the estimates for these two
bureaus for the year ending June 30, 1870,
were abOut nine rtiillion dollarfi; they were,
accurately, $8;749,743 89. Those were the
estimates made for the current year for these
two bnreauS. Now, the appropriations for this
year were $6,814,'343 89; $1,936,500 less than
the estimates; - So lt will be seen that Congress
m its discretion undertook to say that the ser-
vice for this year of these two bureaus was
properly abotat two million dollars less than
was the? judgment of the Department that made
the estimates. But the actual appropriations
were much less than those which seem to have
been made by Congress, because in the esti-
mates which were made last year it was said
that there would be a balance in these bureaus.
In the Bureau of Steam Engineering it was
estimated there would be a balance of $1,571,-
637 32 at the beginning of this year; whereas,
as a matter of fact, there was only $240,000.
Therefore, the bureau was short the difference
between these two sums.
Mr. TRUMBULL.. I should like to inquire
how was that mistake made? Who made it?
Was it in the regular report?
j j Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It does not seem
! to be a mistake. It was estimated by the former
' Administration that there would be on the 30th
J of June, 1869, a balance to the Steam Engineer-
| ing Bureau, as I have said, of $1,500,000 in
round numbers. When that period came about
it had all been expended but $240,000. The
report is that it had been expended in payment
of old contracts made prior to March 31,1869.
So the balance which was supposed to be avail-
able for the Bureau of Construction and Repair
j was $3,790,000, and as a matter of fact it
turns out that there was but $2,500,000. So it
will be seen that as a matter of feet there was
j $4,267,000 less than were estimated for as bal-
ances in these two bureaus, and which were
considered in the matters of appropriation and
were taken into account in making the appro-
priations ; and that accounts, I submit, in some
very good degree for the deficiency in these two
bureaus which now seems to exist.
I therefore think it due to the Department
to say this much. Aad while upon this point
I will say one word further in regard to the
necessity of the transfer here. I find in this
Department a surplus of about seventeen mil-
lion dollars on the 1st of July, so thatthefunds
are ample. We need not make any appropri-
ation out of the Treasury. Thefunds are ample
if it is proper to make the transfer j and the
committee came to: the conclusion that it was
better to make the transfer in the Department
than to convey to the country the idea that there
is a deficiency in-the Department when really
no deficiency exists. We thought we could
safely do it in this particular instance. My
honorable friend from Ohio very justly criti-
cises the whole subject of transfers, and I agree
with him fully; and I will say that it is the
determination of the committee, in accordance
with his views, to report an amendment to some
bill to cover into the Treasury at the end of
this present year every dollar of balance every-
where, except those appropriations which are
permanent appropriations and what.are called
in the law indefinite appropriations. But as to
all the balances remaining anywhere in any of
the Departments of the Government, they are
to be covered into the Treasury, so that the
Committee on Appropriations can tell precisely
what they are appropriating for ayear and not
make a mistake such as was made last year.
But as an exouse forthe Department, if any
be necessary, and as a reason, I submit, for the
action of the committee now in seeking to
transfer appropriations from one. bureau to
another instead of taking a deficiency, of
$4,000,000 from the Treasury, I say that the
Committee on Appropriations last year was
misled and did not give to these bureaus by
between three and four millions so much
money as it intended to give, by reason of the
fact that the balances in these two bureaus on
the 30th of June last were less by so much than
the committee really supposed when the appro-
priation was made. Therefore, as Congress
possibly has been somewhat at fault in this
matter, or as at any rate Congress has made
the appropriation under a misapprehension, it
seems to me that these bureaus have a right to
come to Congress for this authority; and so
now, instead of being represented to the coun-
try as a deficiency of $4,000,000, we ask that the
Department shonld have the power to transfer
from one bureau to another this amount.
This, Mr. President, I believe is all that is
necessary to be said.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President——
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me a moment to
answer a point made by the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly had no de-
sire, as I stated, to obstruct the passage of
i this measure; but I wish the Senate to under-
stand the matter fully. I think the Senator
from Maine in the statement he makes of the
! nature of an appropriation makes a grave and
serious error, which I wish to correct.
He seems to treat an appropriation of monev
to the Navy Department as something which
is within their power to expend necessarily • as
money set aside for them. That is not the
nature of an appropriation.
 ILL, of Maine.
Oh, no; I beg
Mr. M0RRI
the Senator'8 pardon.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I understood the Sen-
ator from Maine aright, he said so much money
was set aside for the Navy Department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not mean
to say anything of that sort, and I was very
unfortunate in what I said if I was so under-
stood.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will omit what I
designed to say about that. But there is an-
other point made by the honorable Senator.
He says the committee were misled by the
statement of balances that would be due to
these bureaus according to the last estimates,
and I presume the committee were misled; and
why misled? Simply because it has become
the habit to consider the amount of unex-
pended balances as standing to the credit of
the particular fund when they ought not to be
considered at all. There is the great error.
It was impossible for the Secretary of fhe
Treasury, estimating last October, to tell what
would be the unexpended balance of a par-
ticular fund next July, and any attempt to do
so will always be delusive. There is the error
of the system. The amount unexpended on the
1st of July ought to be considered as so much
money in the Treasury not called out, and an
amount sufficient should be estimated for the
complete service of the Navy Department for
a year. That can easily be ascertained. You
cannot ascertain the balance of unpaid appro-
priations, because you cannot tell nine months
ahead how much will be expended during that
current year; but you may come within a
reasonable statement of the amount necessary
for the expenditure of a particular Department
during the next fiscal year, taking the whole
year together.
Now, Mr. President, if the idea I have sug-
gested should be adopted, and all- the unex-
pended balances of annual appropriations
should at the end of the fiscal year be carried
to the surplus fund and the books closed up,
each head of a Department could then ascer-
tain how much he has expended and how much
remains unexpended. Let that be carried to
the surplus fund and no longer be considered
as available by any of the Departments, and
then commence with a new appropriation
placed to the credit of a particular bureau or
a particular service, and all the expenditures
paid out of that appropriation. In other
words, you would commence every year with
a new set of books, Opened in accordance with
appropriations made from time to time by Con-
gress, and not complicate it by the uncertainty
of the previous year's accounts. That is what
I_ desire and what the Senator says he will
give us.
I do not think we ought now in dealing with
our political friends to let them off by saying
that this was really a mistake. I think we are
bound in candor to admit that the Navy De-
partment did enter into a course of expendi-
ture during the last fall that was not contem-
plated by Congress when they made these
appropriations, because I am told from pretty
good authority—ray friend, the chairman of
