3826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, after the
great progress that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations has made with this
bill to-night, [laughter,] it does seem to me
rather strange that he should offer sixteen
amendments in one motion.
Mr. SUMNER. You had better move an
adjournment.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Maine whether he expects to get
through with this bill to-night?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope so.
Mr. THURMAN. If he does, I will help
him to sit it out; but if he does not, I hope he
will allow us to adjourn. If the Senator really
desires to sit it out I will go with him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am very glad
to hear that.
Mr. THURMAN. But I do not think the
bill can be finished to-night, and I therefore
suggest to him that we had better adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oh, no ; I hope
we shall go on now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Maine in the clause in regard to the Fifth
Auditor's office.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 21; the
clause in regard to the compensation "of the
chief clerk of the Light-House Board, &c.,the
footing in that paragraph is wrong. It is not
accurately footed. Instead of "$8,360" it
should read " $9,240."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a mistake
in the footing, and if there be no objection it
will be corrected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine._ On page 22 it
will be seen that the appropriation " for tem-
porary clerks for the 'Ireasury Department,
$40,000," has been stricken out, and it be-
comes necessary to supply a permanent force
instead of the temporary force.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proviso to
that appropriation has been stricken out ; but
the appropriation for temporary clerks has not
yet been stricken out:
Jlr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it had
better be stricken out, and I make that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why strike it out ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The idea is to
give to these Departments the force they want
without giving them any discretion to spend
money beyond what we know of.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think it has always been
■usual and very convenient.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It has been
usual, but it has been supposed to lead to great
abuses. They are entirely satisfied with what
we propose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not object if the Sen-
ator thinks it should be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine moves to strike out the clause "for
temporary clerks for the Treasury Department,
$40,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On the same
page, line five hundred and twenty, instead of
"forty-five" clerks of class three I propose to
make it read "forty-eightto strike out "five"
and insert " eight."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is in the
appropriation for the office of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, on page 23 of the
reprinted bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then instead
of "fifty" clerks of class two I propose to
make it read "fifty-two" clerks. 1 make that
molion.
The amendment was agreed to.
-Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In line five hun-
dred and twenty-one I move to strike out
"thirty-seven" clerks of class one and insert
"thirty-eight."
The amendment was agreed to.
. Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In lines five
hundred and twenty-one and five hundred and
twenty-two I move to strike out the words
"one female superintendent of female clerks,
$1,400,'' and also, in lieu of " fifty-four'' female
clerks, to insert "ninety-five" female clerks.
I will ask that the question be first taken on
striking out the clause " one female superin-
tendent of female clerks, $1,400."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move to
amend by striking out "fifty-four" female
clerks and inserting " ninety-five." That gives
the temporary force that is employed in that
bureau.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The footing of
this paragraph will have to be changed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move now, in
the concluding portion of that paragraph, to
strike out' '$351,260 " and to insert "$395,500''
as the total amount.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to inquire
if the Senator is amending any amendments
that have been agreed to ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He has not, so
far.
Mr. POMEROY. "Wehave agreed to some
amendments about these clerks and copyists,
and I did not know but that the Senator was
amending those amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
direct the attention of the Senate to it if there
should ba any proposition to change anything
that has been agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 42,
under the head of "surveyors general and
their clerks," the text now reads, "for sur-
veyor general of Florida, $2,000; and for clerks
in his office, $1,200." I move to strike out
" $1,200" and insert" $2,500." The estimates
are $3,500, but the information of the commit-
tee is that $2,500 will enable the service to get
along.
Mr. POMEROY. The estimate was $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On the same
page the text reads, in line ten hundred and
twenty-one, "for surveyor general of Kansas
$2,000, and the clerks in his office $5,000."
1 move to strike out "$5,000" and insert
" $0,300."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In the same con-
nection the bill now reads, "for surveyor
general of Nebraska and Iowa $2,000, and the
clerks in his office $4,000." I move to strike
out "$4,000" and insert "$G,300."
Mr. POMEROY. Six thousand dollars is
the estimate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. How does the
Senator get that?
Mr. POMEROY. From a letter of the Com-
missioner in the hands of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. It is $6,300.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I copied it wrong.
I copied it from the letter, and putitat $G,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Following that
clause the text reads, "for surveyor general
of Montana, $3,000, and for the clerks in his
office, $3,000." I move to strike out "$3,000"
for the clerks and insert " $4,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the surveyor
general of Montana ought not to have more
than $2,500 salary. In Washington Territory
the surveyor general has only $2,500, and in
Kansas $2,500, and in Montana you have it at
$3,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. What does the law fix?
Mr. STEWART. The law fixes Montana at
$3,000. That is according to the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We had that
question up last year, and it was said that it
cost more to live there than anywhere else in
the world. [Laughter.] I move to amend on
the same' page by striking out, in the clause
beginning at line ten hundred and forty- seven—
And so much of the act of March 2,1805, as estab-
lishes the office of recorder of land titles in Missouri
is hereby repealed; and the Commissioner of the
General Land Office is herewith directed to cause
the archives and muniments of said office to bo
transferred to suoh officer as the State of Missouri
may designate for that purpose: Provided, That the
authorities of the United States shall forever have
free access to the archives, records, maps, and other
papers aforesaid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have that
explained.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have a com-
munication from the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, saying that it is absolutely
necessary that that should remain as it is.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I movetoinsert
at that point, "for salary of the United States
recorder of land titles at St. Louis, Missouri,
$500." That is to sustain the office.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 52, line twelve
hundred and sixty-four, I move to strike out
" $2,500 " and insert " $2,200," so as to con-
form to the vote of the Senate in regard to tho
pay of the chief clerk of the Navy Department.
This will leave it as thelaw puts it, $2,200. The
Senate adopted this proposition, but it seems
there was a mistake in engrossing the bill in
the House, and it is necessary to make this
motion. The Senate decided the question the
other day, but it turned out afterward that the
bill was wrongly printed. Therefore I make
this motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought that was cor-
rected the other day.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; this is to correct it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On examination
by the Chair it was found that the engrossed
bill as passed by the House of Representatives
appropriated $2,500 for this item, whereas as
printed and referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations it read $2,200. The Committee
on Appropriations reported an amendment
increasing it to $2,500, which was rejected ;
but that vote is a nullity, because the engrossed
House bill, which has not been touched in this
respect, reads " $2,500*" The Senator from
Ohio now moves to reduce it to $2,200.
Mr. SHERMAN. That leaves it where the
law puts it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On an equal footing with
tho others?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. The fact is that it
stands now as it came from tho House, $2,500.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
_Mr. STEWART. I move, on page 37, line
nine hundred and one, to strike out " twenty "
and insert '' forty," so as to r§ad '' forty clerks
of classone." This is with regard to the clerks
in the General Land Office. I have a letter of
the Secretary of the interior saying that this is
necessary, and assigning the reasons at great
length, showing the increase of business and
that it is necessary to have these clerks. I
know that that office has a large accumulation
of business and is now behind for want of suffi-
cient clerical force. I believe this increase is
absolutely necessary.
Mr. THURMAN. I have voted for the last
half hour for every amendment that the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations
offered, because I have faith in him; but if
everybody else is to offer amendments increas-
ing the expenditures of the Government at this
hour of the night I think the best thing the
Senate can do is to adjourn; and I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let us see what
this amendment is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
