1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1939
tlemen on the other side have taken the
opportunity to bring many charges against
the party in power, for extravagant expendi-
tures, for pretensions to economy which they
do not carry out in practice; and they insinuate
that there is corruption as well as extravagance
in the management of the Republican party.
I did not intend this morning to speak on this
branch of the subject at all. There was a
consideration, however, which I desired to pre-
sent, and which, if I have the time, I will yet
present. But before I do so I desire to call the
attention of the committee to some of the
charges made by the gentleman who has just
spoken.
My friend from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] is
not himself an extreme partisan. But he has
said some things just now which deserve an
answer. He says that if the glory of the war
belongs to the Republican party, then the re-
sults of the war, the expenditures of the war,
and the burdens laid upon the people in con-
sequence of the war, fall also to our share. A
part of this statement I indorse. But, Mr.
Chairman, I desire to ask that gentleman and
his party a question. Suppose that in the year
1861 every Democratnorthof the Potomac and
the Ohio had followed the lead of Grant and
Douglas and Dickinson and Tod, and all the
other great lights of the Democratic party,
had thrown away the Democratic name and
said that they would be Democrats no lon-
ger, as we said we would be Republicans no
longer, but all would be Union men, and stand
together around the flag until the rebellion had
been put under our feet. I desire to ask the
gentlemen if these things had happened, how
long the war would have lasted, how much the
war would have cost ? I do not hesitate to say
that it could not have lasted a month.
Mr. SCHU MAKER. They did so in the
State of New York.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And the expendi-
tures of the war would never have exceeded
$10,000,000. I say, as a matter of current his-
tory, that it was the great hope of the rebels
of the South that the assistance of the Demo-
cratic party of the North would divide our
forces and overcome all our efforts; that at
the ballot-box the Democrats at home would
help the cause which they were maintaining in
the field. It was that, and that alone, which
protracted the war and created our immense
debt.
I come, therefore, to the door of yonr party,
gentlemen on the other side, and I lay down
at your threshold every dollar of the debt,
every item of the stupendous total which ex-
presses the great cost of the war; and I say
if you had followed Douglas there would have
been no debt, no blood, no burden. I will not
stop here to call up before your door also the
long line of ghosts of slain heroes, our brothers
who fell at the hands of rebels in consequence
of your sympathy and encouragement.
But, Mr. Chairman, leaving that question, I
agree with my distinguished friend trom Indiana
that the Republican party, whatever of the
glory of the war may belong to its history, will
be judged hereafter mainly by the manner in
which it manages the financial affairs of this
country; and I desire to call attention to the
character of its Administration in this regard
during the year it has been in nower.
I hold in my hand the official report of
expenditures and receipts of the Government
a statement showing what is taken out of the
pockets of the peopleand put into the Treasury,
on the one hand, and what we pav out of the
Treasury on the' other. Now, what are the
facts? Why, sir, in the fiscal year that ended
JuneoO, 1867, Andrew Johnson being in power,
the expenditures of this Government were
§346,000,000. What were they in his next
vear? Three hundred and seventy-seven mil-
lion dollars, an increase of $31,000,000 in the
expenditures in one year. How was it when
the Republican Administration under General
Grant came into power? The year ending
June 30,1869, which embraced only about four
months of General Grant's administration,
showed expenditures of $321,000,000—a fall-
ing off of $56,000,000. And the year which will
close on the 30th of June next, by the official
estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury, will
bring the expenditures down to $292,000,000,
a further reduction of nearly thirty million
dollars from the expenditure of last year. This
is the difference between the Administration
which the gentleman supported and that of
the Republican party. From the time of Mr.
Johnson's apostasy to the close of his admin-
istration the expenditures were constantly in-
creasing. Prom the hour of General Gram's
inauguration, till now, they have been con-
stantly and rapidly decreasing. Consider next
the receipts of the Government. We received
in 1869, out of the people's pockets in the way
of taxes $370,000,000. Without an increase
of one cent in the rate of taxation, we are
receiving this year $396,000,000. We are re-
ceiving $26,000,000 more from the same sources
of revenue without any increase in the rate of
taxes than we were receiving last year, a part
of which was in President Johnson's adminis-
tration.
Let me ask the attention of my_friend from
Indiana to two or three specifications. Take
whisky for instance. Andrew Johnson had in
his hand a law requiring him to collect two
dollars on every gallon of distilled spirits, and
during the last half of the last fiscal year of his
term he collected from that source $13,500,000.
The administration of General Grant for the
corresponding six months of his first year col-
lected $24,500,000, an increase of $11,000,000.
Was 'the tax the same? No, sir; the lax was
reduced three fourths. General Grant'sadmin-
istration was to collect about sixty-five cents
on the gallon, and from that they have col-
lected $24,500,000, as against $13,500,000 in
the corresponding six months of Mr. Johnson's
administration, when the tax was two dollars
a gallon!
Now, how does that come about? By the
fact that the whisky revenue service was reek-
ing with corruption under the administration
of Andrew Johnson, and that the thieves were
driven out of power and place and the revenue
service purified bythe new Administration, and
the tax honestly collected. I might go further,
but I will only say that from the same sources
of revenue in six months alone the total increase
is $22,500,000 over the amount collected dur-
ing the corresponding six months of the last
Administration.
Mr. Chairman, it is just to say that the new
law was better and the rate more judicious;
lout the great fact remains that there has been
a more vigorous and honest administration of
the law. I desire to say further that the new
Administration gave new life to the credit and
faith of the American people. Prom losing
credit, from getting behind in our debt, the
scale has been turned, and we point with pride
to a decrease of $90,000,000 in the public debt
within the past year.
More than that, sir, the credit of this Gov-
ernment has been steadily appreciating. One
class of our bonds is now worth more than gold.
The premium on gold has been falling, lhe
value of our securities everywhere is appre-
ciating. And why? Itis because precisely such
doctrines as our friends on the other side hold
in regard to the public debt have been put down
fov the people of the United Statesj and the
public faith is upheld by the party in power.
Bat now, Mr. Chairman, I leave this line ot
reflection with pleasure, and I turn from these
remarks, which were forced upon me by gentle-
men on the other side, to call the attention of
the committee for a moment to what seems to
me to be an important measure of reform.
I concur in the expression of my friend lrom
Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] that the Republican
party must stand by its own conduct. Anu 1
desire to call the attention of the chairman ot
the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes J
to a measure of economy and reform to which
he may, with great propriety, direct his efforts,
and in which I have no doubt he will have the
hearty cooperation of the President and the
Executive Departments, and the gratitude of
all good men. I refer to our civil service. I
shall not now enter that broad field which my
distinguished friend from Rhode Island [Mr.
Jenck.es] has occupied, but I call attention to
the fact that our whole civil service is costing
us far too much. Secretary McCulloch once
made this remarkable statement:
"If you wilt give me one half that it costs to run
the Treasury Department of the United States I will
do all its work better than it is now done, and make
a great fortune out of what I can save."
The same might be said of all our Executive
Departments. And if there is one thing to
which my distinguished friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] can devote his attention
with most marked results, with the applause
of this House and of New Hampshire and of
the whole country, it is the reorganization of
these Departments.
In the annual report of the Secretary of the
Interior there is a passage which should be
commended to every member of this House.
That officer says that he can do the work of
his Department with two thirds of the force
which he now has under his control if you will
only give him a reasonable and wise organiza-
tion. I quote his words :
" The first measure of reform is to raise the stand-
ard of qualification, make merit as tested by the duty
performed the sole ground of promotion, and secure
to the faithful incumbent the same permanenoe of
employment that is given to officers of the Army and
Navy. Under the present system the general con-
viction among tho clcrks and employes is that the
retention of their places depends much more upon
the political influence they can command than upon
energy or zeal in the performance of duty. After a
careful examination of the subject I am fully per-
suaded that tho measure X have suggested would
have enabled this Department to do the work of tho
past fiscal year with a corps of clerks one third less
in number than were found necessary."
I believe I am right in saying that one half
of all of that great army of clerks employed in
the civil Departments are engaged in the mere
business of copying; not in the use of judgment
nor expert knowledge of business, nor the
application of the law to the adjustment of
accounts; but to the mere manual labor oi
copying, filing, or counting.
Now, to do just such work as this men can
be hired all over the country for six or eight,
hundred dollars a year. Every business man
knows that he can get a good, efficient copying
clerk at that rate. But without any rational
organization we are paying that whole class of
employes at least double what they can get
elsewhere. The whole business of civil appoint-
ments depends upon that vague, uucertain,
intangible thing called political influence. _
Take the messenger service in these various
Departments. I saw a man in one of the Depart-
ments this morning whose whole business is to
sit at a door and open it when people come in
and shut it when they go out, and occasion-
ally to run into an office a few feet distant.
Under our laws these messengers get $800 a
year, and if they were to go to any business
man in this city they could not get half the
monev from him for the same kind of service.
We"employ common laborers in our Exec-
utive Departments to do work for which we
pay them twice or more than twice as much
as they can get anywhere else in the country
where they are paid at the current rate ot
wages. In doing so we demoralize the whole
system of labor. We pick one man out of a
thousand and give him triple wages, thus
making all the rest discontented office seek-
ers. Now, who is at fault in this? hot t.in
President of the United States, not the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, nottho head ofany Depart-
ment of this Administration. Not any ot ;U
of these, exclusively or mainly. The iau t
heie, fellow-citizens of the House <>j jpi -
sentatives; here with us and our lef ^101V.
We make the laws; we fix the ra.es ot
wa<*es; we render workingmen discontented
