1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4771
Senator from Illinois a question with his per-
mission.
Mr. TRUMBOLL. Certainly.
Mr. WARNER. If these corporators have
110 significance, then why is this amendment
putting in new corporators so strenuously
insisted upon?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is, as I understand,
with a view of harmonizing different interests
and getting as many as they can to take an
interest in trying to get people to subscribe
stock in this road and build it.
Mr. CAMERON. And the more you have
the more likely you are to get subscribers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And the more you
have, as the Senator from Pennsylvania says,
the more likely you are to get subscribers to
the stock. If the Senater from Alabama will
read the bill he will find on page 5 that com-
missioners are to be appointed by the persons
named as corporators, and then :
The said commissioners, treasurer, and secretary
shall then deliver over to said directors.
That is, the directors who are appointed by
the stockholders, not by these incorporators
at all—the stockholders, who "shall attend the
meeting so called, either in person or by law-
ful proxy, then and there shall elect by ballot
thirteen directors for said corporation, and on
such election each share of said capital stock
shall entitle the owner thereof to one vote."
These corporators do not have any vote be-
cause they are corporators; it is only the stock-
holders that have votes. General Fremont will
have no vote in the election of the directors
that are to build this road unless he is a stock-
holder. Then, as soon as this is done, within
three months after the passage of the bill, the
notice is to be given, and as soon as there is a
sufficient amount of stock subscribed:
The president and secretary of the board of com-
missioners, and in ease of their absence or inability,
any two of the officers of said board shall act as in-
spectors of said election, and shall certify under their
hands thenamesof the directors elected atsaid meet-
ing; and the said commissioneis, treasurer, and sec-
retary shall then deliver over to said directors all the
properties, subscription books, and other books in
their possession, and thereupon the duties of said
commissioners shall cease, and thereafter the stock-
holders shall constitute said body politic and cor-
porate.
All these persons whose names are put in
the bill have to do is simply to act as commis-
sioners to organize, to receive subscriptions.
Somebody has to receive subscriptions; and
all this controversy is as to whose names shall
be placed here in the bill to assist in obtaining
the subscriptions of men who are to control
and build the road. _ I would let any respect-
able man's name go into the list that any Sen-
ator would suggest. It can do no harm. The
more you have the more influences you will
bring to bear to aid you in getting subscriptions
and have the stock taken.
But, sir, I rose more particularly to refer to
the excuse offered by the Senator trom Michi-
gan for his three hours' assault upon an indi-
vidual who is named as one of these corpor-
ators. His excuse is that he was challenged
to it by the Senator from Illinois; he was
defied by the Senator from Illinois ; the Sen-
ator from Illinois demanded it. Why, sir, has
the Senator from Michigan forgotten what he
did ? He rose here when the names of Gen-
eral Fr6mont and others were proposed as a
part of those who should aid in organizing this
company, and denounced in no measured lan-
guage General Fremont. It was not in a very
brief speech, either ; and it was so extraordi-
nary that such an attack should be made upon
an individual who was named as a corporator ;
an assault upon a citizen not here to defend
himself; an assault upon a citizen who had
shed honor upon his country, who had occu-
pied a seat in this very Chamber, who had led
your armies in the field, who had distinguished
himself both in civil and military life, that I
rose and expressed the regret and the pain I
felt at hearing such an assault. Then what did
the Senator front Michigan do? Oil, it was the
Senator from Illinois that defied him, that
challenged him. Why he pulled out of his desk
a manuscript, probably of two or three quires
of paper, written and studied over, and pre-
pared. Did I challenge him to prepare it?
Why had the Senator been at work night and
day to make this assault on General Frfemont?
In consequence of my demand?
Mr. HOWARD. You found it ready.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did. I found that the
Senator had been brooding over it; he had
worked over it; he had labored over it; he
had labored over a pamphlet brought in here
as a report of a sub-committee. The Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Nye] has exposed that to-
night as the simple report of the Senator from
Michigan, disagreed toby a majority of the sub-
committee. A majority of the sub-committee
disagreed to it, and the Committee oh Pacific
Railroad never agreed to it at all. It is not
pretended that they did ; and the Senator him-
self said that ho alone was responsible for what
is in it.
Then, what is all this attack ? I never saw
this paper until to-day ; I never had heard of
this long report; but I have listened to the
Senator to-night, and he has made a charge
against General Fremont, lie says the Sen-
ator from Nevada did not answer his facts.
What facts did he give? Why, sir, lie read
from newspapers published in New York; he
read from newspapers published in Paris, and
he told you that those papers magnified the
importance' of the Memphis and El Paso rail-
road, and magnified the value of its bonds; and
General Fremont was president of that road,
and why did not he deny it!
Mr. President, suppose I were to rise in the
Senate to-night and pick up papers published
in Detroit when the Senator from Michigan
was before the public for office, and read some
tilings that were said about him ; or suppose I
were to take the newspapers of this country
and read articles against any of us; and then
were to turn to the Senator from Michigan and
say, '-He is acquamtud with the English lan-
guage and lives m Detroit, and reads the news-
papers in the morning, and saw what was said
of him." I can find some things said even about
the Senator from Michigan in the Detroit papers;
I have seen some articles; and suppose I weie
to read them and then say, '• Why did not the
Senator from Michigan contradict this; he
must have seen it?" Why, sir, the contempt-
ible slanders that were uttered against the Sen-
ator from Michigan by newspapers were not
worth answering, and he never answered them
at all. His high character and standing pro-
tect him from all these little contemptible
assaults, and he need not fly to the newspapers
to vindicate himself against, what any false cor-
respondent or prejudiced editor may say aboui,
him. Would it be fair to hold the Senator
from Michigan responsible for things charged
against him in the newspapers? Why. what
in the name of Heaven would become of any
of us if we were guilty of half that newspapers
have sometime or other said about us.' Is
General Fremont, to be judged in that way.'
Did the Senator bring any facts against Gen-
eral Frdmont?
Mr. HOWARD. I did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 did not hear them.
Sir, ho brings no fact against Fremont that I
have heard. He brings charges against the
Memphis and El Paso railroad; lie complains
that its bonds were puffed up. I understand
that a single party in France was the pur-
chaser of those bonds, and afterward put them
upon the maiket in Paris, and he had various
publications inserted in the papers in order to
sell them for as much as he could get.. is
General Fremont responsible for that/ lhat
is the kind of charge brought against General
Fremont, read here by the hour, hour aiter
hour from newspapers, as to what was said
about these bonds.
Yes, 1 believe the Senator did^ make one
distinct charge agixinst General l^remontj and
that was that he did not understand the law ;
that he had said a mortgage was a lien upon
the property that was mortgaged and nothing
else ; that nothing could be taken to satisfy
the debt, by a mortgage except the mortgaged
property; and then the Senator from Michigaa
goes on to say that lhat is not true, that you
may collect the balance of the debt, which is
not satisfied by the mortgaged property, from
the debtor. That is true in one sense; and
yet in the sense in which General Fr6mont
was speaking what was said was literally true;
and his law as applied to this ease, in my
judgment, is better than the law of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, if he will allow me to
differ with him. A mortgage is in truth ex-
actly what General Fremont has said it was,
as 1 understood the Senator. It is a lien upon
the property mortgaged, and it is a lien upon
nothing else. It is no lien on anything but
the property mortgaged; you may have a per-
sonal claim against the mortgagor. But of
what was General Fremont speaking? He
was speaking of a bond issued upon the credit
of the lands granted by Texas, and said that
this mortgage was a lien upon the lands and
nothing else; and that was true. It was a
lieu upon the lands and nothing else, and it
would have to stand behind all other liens upon
the franchises of the company; and in regard
to any other property that it might have any
other creditor would stand on an equal footing
with the mortgagee, as the Senator from Mich-
igan well knows. Sir, it was no very great
mistake of law that was made by General Fr6-
niont; and we all know that practically, and in
point of fact, the only security that the mort-
gagee would have in such a case would be upon
the property mortgaged, and that his recourse
against any other property upon which he had
no lien would be of little if any value at all.
But, sir, General Fremont did not put these
bonds upon the market in Paris. A single sale
was made by agents of this company to a single
individual, as 1 understand from the Senator's
remarks, and that individual sought to sell
them. Oli, yes, but somebody has sued Fre-
mont in the city of New York, and that is
paraded here! Well, is it any crime to bo
sued ? The Saviour of the world was persecuted,
tried, and crucified.
Mr. CAMERON. They did not sue him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, they indicted him,
and tried him, and condemned him, and exe-
cuted him. 1 suppose you may sue anybody.
I could even sue the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, the only result of which would be that
I should have the costs to pay when it came to
trial, as doubtless these parties will who sued
Fremont in New York. But that is broughtin!
Why, Mr, President, this is far fetched. I
do not wish to take time. t I do not wish to
prolong this debate. I think altogether too
much importance lias been attached to the
names that are inserted in this bill. I think
the Senator from Alabama attaches altogether
too much importance to these names. For
my own part, I never should have thought of
objecting to the name of any respectable per-
son who might be mentioned by any Senator
as one of the original corporators here, who
are to open subscriptions for the purpose of
organizing the company to build this road._
I had no intention, Sir. President, of being
dragged into this debate in any shape; but
when these assaults were made, when such an
attempt was made to create a feeling against a
citizen of the country who has no opportunity
of defending himself, I felt, as one member of
this body, that it was unjust to allow such an
attack to go without exposing the fallacy of
an assault based upon newspaper articles, with
which that citizen is in no way connected or
shown to be connected. By inference only is
he made to be connected with the articles which
have been read.
It was said here, or intimated, that this com-
pany sought to create the impression where
the bonds were sold that the UmtedStates had
made a grant of lands to this company. Does
