3828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration, and moved that they be indefinitely
postponed ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Henry Beeny, pray-
ing the enactment of a lawproviding every legal
voter with a franchise certificate, to be issued
only by a United States court, at least three
months prior to any general election, with a
view to prevent illegal voting, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred a petition
of naturalized citizens of the United States,
resident in Rhode Island, praying for such
legislation as will secure to citizens ot' the
United States resident in Rhode Island all the
rights, privileges, and immunities guarantied to
them by the Constitution of the United States,
submitted a report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed, and the committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
subject.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 907) to aid in establishing and
developing commercial intercourse and pro-
vide for carrying the mails between the Uni-
ted States and the countries lying on the west
coast of South America, reported it with
amendments.
officers of cotter harriet lane.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Naval Alfairs,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 200) for the relief of Captain John
Faunce and others, officers of the revenue-cut-
ter Harriet Lane, have directed me to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage; and if there be no objection I should
like its immediate consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It directs the Secretary
of the Navy to pay to tho officers of the rev-
enue-cutter Harriet Lane, and to the heir or
heirs of such as may have died since the trans-
fer-of the vessel to the Secretary of tho Navy
for the purpose of the Paraguay expedition,
the difference of pay between that at that time
allowed.the officers of the revenue service and
the sum of $1,800 per annum for captain,
$1,600 per annum for first lieutenant, and
$1,000 per annum each for second and third
lieutenants, while they were employed on the
revenue-cutter in regular naval scrvice.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 943) to grant increased facilities
to Benicia, a port of delivery in the State of
California; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 944)
for the relief of Mrs. Lucy H. Carroll, admin-
istratrix of George W. Carroll, deceased, late
of Conway county, Arkansas, and Mrs. lliber-
nia Armstrong, of the same county and State ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
045) for the relief of Dr. Marcus Reynolds,
of Sumter county, in tho State of South Caro-
lina; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. PRATT. This is the case referred to
yesterday. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Claims, and that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McDONALD. I ask leave to introduce
a joint resolution of which notice has not been
given, and I desire to have it considered atthe
present time.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 203)
authorizing the Secretary of War to furnish
tents for a Masonic encampment at Williams-
port, Pennsylvania; which was read a first
time. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
War to furnish for the use of the Grand En-
campment of the Knights Templar of the State
of Pennsylvania two hundred wall tents, six
hospital tents, and two chapel tents, to be used
at-and returned immediately after their cele-
bration, to be held during the week ending June
20, 1870, at Williamsport, Pennsylvania, to be
returned without injury.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. FERRY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint res-
olution will be regarded as read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 204) for the relief of Edward
P. Johnson; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
brio mary lowell.
Mr. OSBORN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Statobo requested
to furnish to tho Sen ate copies of papers, correspond-
ence, testimony, and other information in tho ease
of the American brig Mary Lowell, captured by the
Spanish gun-boat Andalusia, in tho yoar 1869, on tho
Bahama Banks.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senate to take up
House joint, resolution No. 80.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] gave notice of his intention
to occupy a portion of the morning hour to-day.
Mr. COLE. I think he will not object to
this.
Mr. NYE. To relieve the Senator from Cal-
ifornia and the Senate, I will state that I had
intended to ask the indulgence of the Senate
this morning for a ceitain purpose in present-
ing the Oklahoma bill; but on consultation
with the Secretary of the Interior I find that
he desires to make a suggestion or two, and
therefore I shall reserve my remarks until a
future occasion.
Mr. COLE. I ask, then, the consent of the
Senate to take up at this time the joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 80) in regard to the suspension
of the sale of certain lands in California.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object. I think we ought
to go on with the appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope objection will not be
made.
Mr. BAYARD. I must object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 felt obliged last night
to object to my friend from Nebraska [Mr.
Tipton] calling up a bill, for the reason that I
thought it important to finish the appropriation
bill.
Mr. COLE. It is early in the morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know it, and that is a
reason why we ought to go on with the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. COLE. I move to take up this joint
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to pass over all other orders
for the purpose of considering the joint resolu-
tion named by him.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will be done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ho-pe not.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 21, noes 18.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 86) in regard to the suspen-
sion of the sale of certain lands in California,
the question being on the amendment reported
by the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
which was to strike out all of the original reso-
lution after the resolving clause and to insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That the Southern Pacific Railroad Company of
California shall construct its road and telegraph line,
as near as may be, on the route indicated by the map
filed by said company in the Department of the In-
terior on the 3d day of January, 186/; and upon the
construction of each section of said road, in tcie man-
ner and within the time provided by law. and notice
thereof being given by the company to the becretary
of the Interior, he shall direct an examination of
each such section by commissioners to bo appointed
by the President, as provided in the act making a
grant of land to said company, approved July 27.
1866, and upon tho report of the commissioners to the
Secretary of the Interior that such section oi said
railroad and telegraph line has been constructed as
required by law, it shall be the duty of the said Sec-
retary of the Interior to cause patents to be issued
to said company for the sections of land conterminous
to each constructed section reported on as aforesaid,
to the extent and amount granted to said company
by the said act of July 27,1866.
Mr. COLE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding:
Expressly saving and reserving all the rights of
actual settlers, together with the other conditions
and restrictions provided for in the third section of
said act.
Mr. CASSERLY. It has been the practice
of the Senate to regard a joint resolution or
bill brought back from a committee, as this has
been, with a substitute, as though it was not
an amendment, at least for the purposes of
subsequent amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That can be
done by unanimous consent. If there be no
objection the substitute reported by the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad will be regarded
and treated as an original bill. The Chair
hears no objection to that course. This being
done, the amendment of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Cole] is in the first degree and
susceptible of amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I send to the Chair an
amendment to the amendment proposed by my
colleague, and after it is read I will state to the
Senate the reasons why I think it should be
adopted.
The Chief Clerk read the'amendment to the
amendment, which was to insert at its close
the following proviso:
And zrrovid.ed, That all persons who before the
passage of this joint resolution shall have located
themselves as actual settlers upon any portion of the
lands affected by this joint resolution, or by thesaid
act of July 27,1866, or included in the lands with-
drawn by order of the Secretary of the Interior, of
March IB, 1867, or at anyother time,for oron account
of said Southern Pacific Kailroad Company, whether
such persons shall have so located themselves before
or after such withdrawal, shall have the right to
enter, under the homestead or preemption laws of
tho United States, the lands upon which they have so
located themselves in the quantities allowed by said
laws, and upon the terms provided thereby.
Mr. CASSERLY. The amendment of the
Senator from California, [Mr. Cole,] my col-
league, is not particularly objectionable so far
as it goes. It does not go very far, for it adds
nothing to the law now in force. By the gen-
eral act of July 27, 1806, making the grant
of lands to the Southern Pacific railroad, the
rights of settlers on the lands in question are
saved and reserved as fully as in the amend-
ment of my colleague. But, sir, I had occa-
sion to say to the Senate when this resolution
was last before us for discussion, the case here
is a peculiar one. The precise state of circum-
stances now to be dealt with by the Senate has
probably never before presented itself in any
case. The peculiarity arises from the fact that
the joint resolution now before us affects a
large quantity of lands in the State of Cali-
fornia which were withdrawn for railroad pur-
poses, as well the odd as the even sections, for
a series of years, as far back as 1864. They
had been for several years, since 18G4, tied
up from settlement except at the double price
for the even sections, and altogether as to the
odd, or railroad sections. The withdrawal
never had any validity from the beginning.
From the first it was without equity. , It had
neither validity nor equity, because it was a
