4772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
not the Senator from Michigan know, does not
everybody know, that the lands in Texas do not
belong to the United States? The State of
Texas had made a grant of lands to this com-
pany 
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator from
Illinois in his fervor will not impute to me tlio
folly, the ignorance of having advanced any
such idea as that the United States owned land
in Texas. I will relieve him of all that labor
by saying that I did happen to know that fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
knew it; bat the Senator has sought to create
the impression here that somebody, and by
inference he undertakes to connect General
Frfimont with it, had sought to impose upon
the people of Paris, or somewhere else, that the
United States had granted lands.
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all—not in Texas.
I intimated no such thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, out of Texas, any-
where. Then the Senator does not pretend
that anybody undertook to create the impres-
sion that the Government of the United States
had granted any lands to this road?
Mr. HOWARD. I do pretend to say that
it was represented that the United States had
made a land grant to this road.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thatis the way I under-
stood the Senator before.
Mr. HOWARD. But not of land in Texas.
Mr. THUMB DLL. No, not of lands in
Texas; but Texas had granted lands to this
road. Now, do not the.bonds show on their
face what their security is?
Mr. HOWARD. I have not seen any of the
honds. „ ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, if the Senator
will see them, I venture to say he will find on
their face what the security is. Look at the
contract. Does it not appear that the Mem-
phis and El Paso Railroad Company issued
those bonds? Then, v/hy talk about the i inns-
continental road, and bring in here a big
name to create a prejudice? The bond ltselt
shows what its security is; and the Senator
will hardly make the Senate or the country
believe that capitalists do not look to see waat
security the bond is issued upon. Does any
Senator believe, does the Senator from Mich-
igan believe, that any capitalist paid lus money
for these bonds that were issueu, under the
supposition that a land grant had been made
for their security by the Government ot the
United States, when none had been made !
Capitalists understood this thing quite as well
as the Senator from Michigan did. I hey knew
what thev were buying. Tliey examined 1 he
charter of this company, examined all about
it, and knew about it quite as well, 1 should
judge, as the Sepator from Michigan. .
Here was aland grant, as the majority of
the sub-committee, not the Senator Irom Mich-
igan, agreed. I have seen to-night for the first
time—I never saw it before—the report ot a
sub-committee, consisting of the Senator lrom
Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] the Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] and the Senator from
Arkansas, [Mr. Rice.] who examined as to
this land grant in Texas, and the majority of
the committee happen to disagree with the
Senator from Michigan Ho thinks dial no
rights belong to this Memphis and lif i a:.o
Company ; that it has got no lands in 1 exas
or anywhere else, as I understand him. But
a majority of that sub-committee disagree with
him, and aro of opinion that there are lands
there granted to this company; and I have no
doubt the purchasers of these bonds .thought
so. "and I have no doubt that the majority of
the committee are correct, and lor once it is
not often, I admit—the Senator from Michigan
1ms made a mistake m his law.
Now, sir, I hope that the bill will be di.-,-
nosed of. and that we shall not occupy as much
t ime upon each of the other names as we have
noon that of General Fremont.
Mr CU1ER0N. Mr. President, I listened
with weat pain last night to what was sn l in
regard to General Fr6mont. I have no desire
to censure the Senator from Michigan, or to
attribute to him any but just motives; but I
think it is always wrong to attack the reputa-
tion and the fame of any man in this body.
The words of a grave Senator are a mark upon
a man's forehead which hardly any act of long
years will erase.
Now, as to General Fremont, if he had never
done anything in his life but made his survey
between the Missouri and the Pacific ocean
he would have performed enough to make his
fame stand for a thousand years. When his
first report was made it astonished, itelectrifled
the whole country—nay, the whole world; and
to his services then all these Pacific railroads at
this early day are attributable. Why, sir, in any
other country except this, where we always
attack our best citizens for the purpose of bring-
ing them down to our own level, he would have
been exalted among the highest of the high
men.
I remember, too, that when he was com-
manding one of the armies of the country,
when some sagacious men who looked ahead
thought that the sure way of putting an end to
the rebellion was to use the slave, who was the
cause of the war, to put it down, he was the
first man to take the responsibility of putting
the slaves under arms. 1 was sick at my home
at the time, and I remember with what joy I
telegraphed him (hanking him for it. 1 believed
that when I returned to Washington 1 should
find everybody here rejoicing in what ho had
done; but no, lie was too early: and therefore
lie was denounced then.
Since that time he has devoted his talents to
making a railroad which was his own concep-
tion more than twenty years ago. It is said he
went to France and fried to sell the bond:; of
that company, and did sell $8,000,000 of them,
and took in" return railroad iron, machinery,
&c. It is said he sold those bonds for sixty
cents on the dollar. Is there, any fraud in
that? Why, sir, I have seen the bonds of the
Steubenville road, a little load connecting the
East and West, beyond Pittsburg, within the
last ten years selling fur ten cents on tho dol-
lar. 1 had §.",00,000 of them in a little insti-
tution which i had control of as security for
$-0,000, and we did not, think that enough,
and compelled tlio debtors to give other securi-
ties. 1 have seen the shares of the Reading
railroad, whose income last year was more
than thirteen million dollars, 1 think, carrying
a larger freight than any other railroad in the
world', selling for ten dollars per share. I have
bought its bonds within the last twenty years
for #ess than forty cents on tho dollar. 1
myself just>before tho war began entered into
an arrangement with other gentlemen to buy
the bonds of the Northern Central railroad,
which had live or six years' interest upon them,
for thirty-five cents on the dollar. Now and
for long years that back interest has been paid,
and the interest has been paid every six months
upon them; and so of all the other bond.", that
1 have spoken of. 1 have bought the bonds
of the State of Illinois for forty-seven cents on
the dollar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They havosohlat. twenty.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 have bought them lot-
forty. 1 have seen the bonds of the State of
Indiana selling for thirty cents on the dollar,
and within five years afterward they ware at
par.
Now, these gentlemen in France have noth-
ing to do but to wait their time. They have
probably made a good investment, and they
will make a large profit; but, like all people
who enter into these stock speculations, they
are impatient. They never give back anything
if they make a good speculation, but they
always" grumble when they do not make their
profit rapidly. So it is with these people who
I complain of Genera! Fifeaiont. Ho has done
i nothing but what every railroad company in
| this country has done.
Now, it is proposed to make him one of the
corporators in this bill. Why should he not
be a corporator? Why should not the com-
pany be glad to get anybody to be a corpor-
ator? What does it amount to? A corpor-
ator is a mere runner to get stock for the com-
pany, and to aid the company in putting itself
upon its feet. The moment the stock is sub-
scribed, a board of directors, thirteen in num-
ber, generally are elected, and then the corpor-
ators retire. I have never seen them get any
compensation, except occasionally a good din-
ner, and very rarely more than one ; but they
have the honor of being corporators ; they feel
gratified with it; aud they make it their busi-
ness to assist in getting the stock of the com-
pany taken.
No w, I have voted, or intended to vote, iff have
not voted, for all these railroad grants. 1 have
sometimes felt a little alarm at what I thought
was the rapacity of tho men who were taking
all the public lands for these projects; but I
have consoled myself with the belief that these
lands are valueless now; bat when you make
"a railroad you bring people, you bring objects
of taxation ; and thus you aro eaabled to sup-
port the Government, while yon are adding to
the convenience of every part of the country.
Why, sir, I have lived to see from a single rail-
road of ten miles in this country I believe now
thirty thousand miles.
Mr. FENTON. Nearly fifty thousand.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, forty or fifty thou-
sand. And I was present at the first laying
of a railroad in this country, unless you call
that little road np at Quincy a railroad, which
it was not. I have myself traveled days and
weeks to get people to come to meetings to
listen to me talking about tho value of rail-
roads ; and yet you see I am a young man yet.
[I jaughter.]
My experience is that everywhere, after a
railroad has been completed, it has been prof-
itable not only to the bondholders, but to the
stockholders. It is one of the wonders of this
great country of ours that as fast as you get
facilities for travel and business, travel and busi-
ness furnish themselves to the roads.
Now,-wegave here, audi voted for it, agreat
bounty to the Pacific railroad, to the Union
Pacific railroad, and one or two others. The
gentlemen who had the courage to undertake
the construction of those roads made immense
profits; but their profits are in nowise to be
compared with the profits which the country
has derived from their enterprise. If those
railroads had not been made we should yet be
going around the Horn, or over that little rail-
road at Panama, to Sau Francisco. And, by
the way, I voted for the Panama railroad, in
Congress, over twenty years ago.
I only wonder that General Fr6mont should
bo willing to trouble himself with this enter-
prise now. No man in this country has worked
so much and leceived so little for it as he.
Some men have charged him with being the
dupe of others around him; some have said
he wan too easily imposed upon by his friends;
some say that he has sometimes done wrong
unintentionally; but I have never heard any
one say seriously that he was not an honest
man. It is easy to charge a man with dishon-
esty, and especially won Id it bo easy for those
gentlemen in France who did not get their
profits the lirst year to cry out against him. 1
have only to say to them, "Have a little pa-
tience; wait until this road is developed; wait
until there are people living along its line;
wait until the railroad shall have gone down
to the Gulf of California, gone up along tho
great Pacific to San Francisco, and united with
the roads to Oregon, and then with the great
Northern Pacific road," and then everybody
will wonder at the sagacity of these people who
bought their bonds at sixty cents on the dollar.
Why, sir, I remember that when Mi-. Whit-
ney came here to Congress twenty-five years
ago, and talked about a railroad to go from the
Atlantic to tho Pacific, he was looked upon as
a madman. My friend from Maine [Mr. Ham-
