1940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
with ordinary gains, by picking out and pro-
moting in an unreasonable and exceptional
way the few men we hire, and they hold their
places at our mercy and at our caprice. They
are liable at any moment to be pushed aside
for another favorite. Their service is miser-
able for its uncertainty. It tends to take away
their independence and manliness and make
them the mere creatures of those in power.
We do all this ourselves; we go, man by
man, to the heads of these several Depart-
ments and say, " Here is a friend of mine;
give him a place." We press such appoint-
ments upon the Departments; we crowd the
doors; we fill the corridors; Senators and Rep-
resentatives throngthe offices and bureaus until
the public business is obstructed, the patience
of officers is worn out, and sometimes for
fear of losing their places by our influence
they at last give way and appoint men, not
because they are fit for the positions, but be-
cause we ask it. There, Mr. Chairman, is, in
my own judgment, the true field for retrench-
ment and reform. I believe that we can at
almost half the present cost manage all these
Departments better than they are now man-
aged if we adopt a judicious system of civil
service. There are scores of auditing and
accounting officers, heads of bureaus and di-
visions ; there are clerks charged with quasi
judicial functions, through whose hands pass
millions in a day, and upon whose integrity
and ability the revenues of the nation largely
depend, who are receiving far less than the
railroad, telegraph, insurance, manufacturing
and other companies pay for services far less
responsible. Such officers we do not pay the
market value of their services. When we find
that the duties of any office demand ability,
cultivation, and experience let a liberal salary
be given in order to procure the services of the
best man; and for the mere manual duties of
these civil_ Departments let us get men for the
market price.
Now, sir, what do we see? The Republican
party is not moving forward to make this needed
change. The Democratic party is not moving
forward to make it. We are enjoying these
privileges, so called, and our political oppo-
nents are waiting and watching and hoping for
the time to come when they can do the same—
wlien we shall be'out of power and they shall
come in to do the same miserable work of oust-
ing and appointing which we are called upon to
do year after year. Now, in the name of jus-
tice, in the name of economy, let us take hold
of this matter and sustain the Secretary of the
Interior in the kind of work which he is doing,
and help all the other Departments to follow
his example. Some one may say "That is very
fine talk; show us the practice." I will tell you
about the practice. The Patent Office of the
Interior Department has during a whole year
been conducted in part on the plan I am here
advocating. No man, so far as I know, has been
appointed to service in that bureau except on
a strict competitive examination. The result
is that we see in the management of the Patent
Office marked efficiency and economy. But
what can a Department do, what can a bureau
do with the whole weight of congressional influ-
ence pressing for the appointment of men be-
cause they are our friends? In this direction
is the true line of statesmanship, the true path
of economy. I will follow cheerfully in the
steps of my distinguished friend whenever he
leads toward genuine economy. Let us take
this great subject in hand and it can be settled
in a very few weeks.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. All general debate on
this bill is now closed. The first reading of
the bill having been dispensed with, it will now
be read by paragraphs for amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
t Be it enacted by the Senate and House of JZepresenta-
i'iw-x of the United, States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the following sums, or so much thereof
.as may be necessary, be, aud the same are hereby,
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Government,
for the objeets hereinafter expressed, namely.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out near the close of the paragraph just
read the word "expressed."
Mr. Chairman, 1 feel inclined to supple-
ment the remarks which have been made by
my colleague [Mr. Garfield] withsomefurther
reply to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Niblack] upon this general proposition of pro-
viding for the deficiencies of the Government.
It must be remembered that the economical
and wholesome administration of the Govern-
ment by the executive and the legislative
departments cooperating with each other is to
be determined by reference to two things; not
merely by economy in the expenditure of
money, which has been very much discussed,
bat also by wise action in the collection of the
money that is to be expended. I am afraid
that my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,]
forgetting the knowledge which he derived
upon that subject while he was a member of
the committee of which I happen to be now,
as I was then, the chairman, has not paid
proper attention to that branch of the subject.
Let me refresh his recollection of what is mat-
ter of record by a few figures, in order to show
the commendable action of this Administration
in the collection of the revenues of the country
as contrasted with that which had been done
by the Administration immediately preceding.
My colleague who has just taken his seat
has referred to this subject in part. I wish to
add a few figures to those which he has fur-
nished. I hold in my hand a very interesting
tabular statement of the revenues of the coun-
try, which has been prepared for the use of our
committee, and which shows the amount col-
lected for a period of one year, ending upon
the first of any one of the last eight months.
And I will state this fact: whereas for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1869, with all the ad-
vantage derived from the payment of the tax
on spirits taken out of the bonded warehouses,
with all the advantage of the legislation of July,
1868, changing the tax and the mode of collec-
tion so more was collected from a reduced
tax than was collected by a tax of two dollars,
there was collected on spirits $45,026,401, of
revenue from this same source for the fiscal
year up to the last day of January, 1870, from
an estimate made to ascertain what was col-
lected for the year then next preceding, I find
there was collected in that fiscal year, ending
the 31st of January, 1870, $50,158,116. So
that upon spirits alone there has been a gradual
increase; and it seems to have been progressing
all through the last eight months, because it
has been ascertained in the seven months from
the 30th of June, 1869, to the 31st of January,
1870, the increase from that source has been
more than five million dollars—ia exact figures,
$5,135,715.
Take tobacco. U nder the former law tobacco
was taxed fifteen cents, thirty cents, and forty
cents. In July, 1868, we reduced the tax on
tobacco and made two classes, one at sixteen
and the other at thirty- two cents. We brought
all the forty cent tobacco down to thirty-two
cents, and raised the thirty to thirty-two cents,
and part of the fifteen to sixteen cents. After
the law of 1868 had gone into force for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1869, the whole
collection fromtobacco was $23,430,707, while
for the part of the fiscal year ending January
30, 1870, it was $29,227,008. Thus upon to-
bacco we have gradually increased our revenue,
until we have made an increase of $5,796,301
in the last seven months, or, in other words, an
increase of very nearly one million dollars per
month.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's five
minutes have expired.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment^ and will yield to the gentleman from
Ohio in order that he may finish what he has
to say.
Mr. NIBLACK. As the gentleman's remarks
have referred specially to me, I hope I will be
permitted to make a reply.
Mr. SCHENCK. You had an hour, and I
have only had five minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Massachusetts yield to the gentleman from
Ohio?
Mr. DAWES. I do.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, sir, somebody may
reply to this particular proposition, and then,
if it be in order, I will make my answer.
See what the result is. Setting aside these
two particular articles, spirits and tobacco,
and looking at the whole return from revenue
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1869,
running back a year and into Andrew John-
son's administration, most of it, the whole
revenue collected from internal taxes was
$159,124,127, while for the year ending Jan-
uary 31; 1870, the whole amount of revenue
collected from internal taxes was $174,839,925,
thus showing in the aggregate in seven months
an increase of $15,715,798, or, in round num-
bers, $16,000,000, under the same laws in the
collection of the revenue. What does this
mean—an increase in seven months which
denotes an increase of about thirty million
dollars, if the law remains unchanged, up to
the end of the year? What does it mean? It
means, if it means anything, a more whole-
some and honest administration of the law.
It means that while we are guarding in regard
to the outlay of money, we have an Adminis-
tration now conducted with a view to guarding
also every question connected with the collec-
tion of money; and I care not in what view
of the subject the gentleman presents his dis-
cussion before the people, I show there is not
only more economy in outlay, but, what is of
vastly more consequence in this particular con-
nection, there is less stealing in the collection
of the funds with which the Government is to
be carried on. These are facts in arithmetic;
and I repeat it, such has been the course in
the collection of the revenue, that nearly six-
teen million dollars more have been collected
in the last seven months; that is to say, an in-
crease in the last seven months of $16,000,000
more than was collected in any corresponding
year, dating back from that time. From the
indications I believe the result will exceed
that, and we shall collect at least $30,000,000
more for the fiscal year which ends on the 30th
of June next than was collected for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1869,
Now, there is one other point which, before
I close, I think it is due to the Speaker of this
House and to ourselves should be set right.
It is apoint that was alluded to in the remarks
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.]
He took occasion to call upon the people of
the West to remark what a preponderance was
given in favor of the East in the organization
of the committees of this House. Sir, that
surprised me. I had thought, calling myself
a western man, a native of the extreme west-
ern part of Ohio, that in that respect we had
fared of late particularly well. And being
anxious to see whether I have been mistaken
in that apprehension I looked into the record
on the subject, and the result of my examina-
tion induced me to regret that my friend from
Indiana spoke of the matter in the way he did.
What are the facts? Among the committees
of which the chairmanship is assigned to gen-
tlemen from the West, counting from Ohio
westward, Ohio being counted in, are the
Committee of Elections, Committee of Ways
and Means, Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency, Committee on the Public Lands, Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
Committee on Agriculture, Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, Committee on the Militia, Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, Committee
on the Judiciary, Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, Committee on Public Expenditures,
Committee on Private Land Claims, Commit-
tee on the Territories, the Committee on In-
