2884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
and get these sealed proposals ? I suppose the
gentleman designed to pnt the amount large
enough to cover a single coaling.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
state to the gentleman the reasons for this sec-
tion, and I think he will concur with me that
this or something similar is very proper. The
matter was brought to the notice of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations that great irregulari-
ties prevailed on foreign stations in supplying
the Navy, by which the country was greatly
scandalized and the Government imposed upon
and defrauded, and the ease which I am about
to state was cited as an instance of the abuses
prevailing both at home and abroad. Similar
cases may exist, but I have no knowledge of
them. The regulations of the Navy very prop-
erly require that when a naval vessel arrives in a
foreign port, needing supplies, the commander
shall call on the consul and learn from him who
the reputable and responsible dealers are at
that port in the kind of supplies needed. This
regulation is sometimes observed, but oftener
disregarded. During the war the port of Lis-
bon, in Portugal, was much visited by the
American war ships, and since has been a place
of rendezvous of the American squadron, and
to that port blockade-runners resorted greatly
during the war. The confederates had their
agents there, who kept on hand large supplies
of coal. When the war ended they were left
with a large amount of coal on hand.
In 1867 two American ships went in there
wanting coal. Instead of calling on the consul
for the names of the coal dealers, they made
a contract for their supplies with one Isaac
Abecassis, notamerchant, not a coal dealer, but
the proprietor of a drinking-saloon in Lisbon.
The first knowledge the consul had was in see-
ing the confederate coal being transported on
board our ships. Inquiry showed that the same
was bought of Abecassis at considerably above
the price in open market. Pursuing the inquiry
it was found that Abecassis, having met with
such success in disposing of confederate coal,
had started for Washington, as it was sup-
posed, to make other contracts for supplying
the Navy. The facts being brought by our
consul to the notice of Mr. Harvey, the Amer-
ican minister, he addressed a note to the Sec-
retary of State stating that this Abecassis, a
low fellow, was on his way to the United States,
as it was understood, in pursuit of naval con-
tracts ; that he was no m erchant or coal dealer,
but a mere adventurer and saloon-keeper; not
an American ,bnt a Barbary Jew; and he thought
that the Navy Department should be put on its
guard against him. The letter to Mr. Seward
was transmitted to the Secretary of the Navy.
Before it was received, however, Abecassis
had been there and contracted for the sale
of twenty-five hundred tons of coal.
When a responsible American citizen con-
tracts for the delivery of coal to the Navy he
is required to give bond, with ample security,
for the performance of his contract. Not so
Abecassis, for he obtains contracts vast in
amount without knowledge of the market by
the Department, without advertisement, or
giving any security whatever. Well, when Mr.
Harvey's letter was received, the Secretary
turned it over to the bureau officer who made
the contract, and he, instead of thanking Mr.
Harvey for the interest he had taken to pro-
tect the Government, wrote a letter to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, very insulting to Mr. Har-
vey, and intimating that it was none of his
business, and closing as follows:
" It is evident that the merchants and their allies
have oombined to prevent the waters from being
diverted from their accustomed channel, and arc in
fear that in the troubling of the waters of the pool
they will not be made whole."
Our minister was backed up by one of our
naval officers, Captain Jeffers, who was also
rebuked for having spoken disrespectfully of
the bureau favorite. As the letter of Captain
Jeffers is rather good, and shows that there
is one officer at least in the Navy who has a
just appreciation of hi? duty, I beg leave to
read it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Who was the Secretary
of the Navy at that time ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Gideon
Welles, of course. I should have supposed the
gentleman need hardly have asked that ques-
tion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I conjectured it was so.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. He sup-
fosed himself to be Secretary of the Navy.
Laughter.] It was during Mr. Johnson's
administration.
The letter of Captain Jeffers is as follows :
United States Steamer Swatara,
Lisbon, April 25,1867.
Sie : I have received your letter of this morning.
As I do not visit grog-shops I know nothing of my
own knowledge relativo to the so-called American
saloon. I only know that it is situated in one of the
principal streets, and was the rendezvous of the
worst of the volunteer officers of the squadron.
Attracted by the name, somo of my officers visited
the place when I was last here, and finding it a dis-
reputablo place ceased going there.
Your brother now keeps it, and you are reported
as a silent partner.
I knew little or nothing of this when I saw you in
Washington, but was both surprised and amused
that a common fellow like yourself should be seen
in a gentleman's house. I attributed it to the easy
credulity with which foreign impostors are received
in our country. I have yet to learn that you had
any introduction through the Portuguese legation,
the only guarantee of respectability in a foreign
country. Our public men, of courso, receive every
well-dressed person. Since, my officers have often
laughed at your cheeking impudence.
Nevertheless, when Commodore Smith informed
me that you had offered to furnish coal at thirty
shillings per ton, and that, on investigation, that
price was found to be less than ever before paid, I
advised him to accept it, provided that he had a suffi-
cient guarantee of your responsibility, and that suit-
ablo orders weregiven relativeto inspection, quality,
and weight; that from my knowledge of the price of
coal in Europe, no person could supply good Cardiff
steam coal at a less price.
I recommended t.o the other bureau that they
should have nothing to do with you; that you had
no place of business—was only a street broker, sell-
ing for others on a commission; and that the object
of having a paymaster on board was to mako pur-
chases without the intervention of a middleman.
You have, on shore and aboard, endeavored to rep-
resent yourself as an agent of the United States Gov-
ernment for general purchases, when you have no
such appointment.
Since I came in you have been very persistent in
endeavoring to obtain orders, notwithstanding my
statements to you that the regulations of the service
required that purchases should be made direct of
dealers. You have mistaken my habitual politeness
of manner, and yesterday threatened me with a
reference to the Department because I reiterated my
intention to direct that nothing but coal should be
ordered through you.
Now, the officers of the Ainerican Navy are not
accustomed to threats on the part of any one. Peo-
ple have a right to do as to them may seem best, but
not to attempt to bully with threats. I therefore
directed my orderly to see you over the side, and
have given orders that you shall not bepermitted to
again come oa board, except to reoeive payment of
your bills.
You furthermore took it upon yourself to accuse
the officials or the United States Government here
of misrepresenting you, although I informed you
that my information relative to you came from my
own officers. I allow no vagabond foreigner to be
disrespectful to the representatives of my country in
my presence.
You are at liberty to mako what use you please of
this letter.
WILLIAM N. JEFFERS,
Commander United State* JYavi/.
Mr. IsAAO ASECASSIS, Lisbon, Portugal.
The letter of the bureau officer was trans-
mitted through the Secretary of State to Mr.
Harvey, who, of course, could not but feel
indignant at the treatment he had received at
the Navy Department, and he again wrote to
the Secretary of State, in August, 1867, reaf-
firming all he had before said; and in Novem-
ber, 1868, he wrote again, exposing the abuses
existing in Lisbon in supplying the Navy, (for
it appears that nothing could be done there in
the way of supplies or repairing vessels with-
out going through the hands of Abecassis,)
and he this time sends an affidavit to show that
it was the habit of this fellow to require mer-
chants to add to their bills twenty to twenty-
five per cent, for his benefit, or they could not
have the patronage.
This letter was dated November 6,1868, and
on the 30th November Mr, Seward transmitted
it to the Navy Department, but it had no weight
there, for a few days after it wa3 received,
namely, on the 18th December, Abecassis
again appeared at the Navy Department, and
without advertisement or notice of any kind
to the publio that the Navy wanted coal,
entered into another contract, without security
of any kind, to furnish the Navy with six thou-
sand tons of coal twenty-five per cent, above
the market price in Lisbon, as the proof shows,
and the coal of a very inferior quality; and
the Secretary is made to say that he " cannot
but regard the" course of Mr. Harvey as an im-
pertinent interference with the a flairs of the
squadron;" and the bureau officer intimates
that so much zeal on the part of Mr. Harvey
to protect the Government could only be ac-
counted for on the supposition that he was inter-
ested with some of the merchants who were
deprived of the patronage of our Navy.
To show how contracts are made in the De-
partment, amounting to nearly fifty thousand
dollars in gold, I give you here a copy of the
only papers pertaining to this contract. Though
this party was wholly irresponsible and a resi-
dent of a foreign country, he was able to do
what the most responsible citizen could not do,
obtain such a contract without giving ample
security for its fulfillment:
Mr. Abecassis to Commodore Smith.
'■ Washington, December 18,1867.
Commodore M. Smith, Chief Bureau Equipment and
Mecruitinff, Washington, D. C.:
I respectfully propose to furnish to the United
States Government, for the uge of its vessels stopping
at the port of Lisbon, Pbrtugal, six thousand tons of
Cardiff coal, of 2,240 ponnds to the ton, to be deliv-
ered alongside of vessels, fro a of any charge for trans-
portation, at twenty-eight shillings sterling per ton,
and one shilling additional per ton to put the coal in
the bunkers of tho vessels, to be paid'for at the sta-
tion after due inspection and. measurement on board
the vessels.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ISAAC ABECASSIS.
Comtnodore Smith io Mr. Abecassis.
Navy Department,
Bubeau of Equipment and Hkckuiting,
Washington, December, 18,1867.
Sib': Your proposition of this date, to furnish six
thousand tons Of Cardiff coal to United States vessels
stopping at the port of Lisbon, has beeq received,
and is accepted.
Admiral D. G. Farragut, commanding tho Euro-
pean squadron, has been instructed in the premises,
as per duplicate letter addressed to him, herewith
inclosed,
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. SMITH, Chief of Bureau.
Isaac Abecassis, esq., Washington, D. 0.
So matters went on until a change of admin-
istration. But the zeal of Mr. Harvey did not
cease. He wrote directly to Secretary Borie,
April 11, 1869, to put him on his guard, and
detailing the monstrous abuses prevailing at
Lisbon; but Mr. Borie made no reply, and it
is very doubtful whether they ever let him see
the dispatch, for I must believe that had the
abuse been brought to the notice of that hon-
orable gentleman it would have been corrected.
Within thirty days after the letter to Mr. Borie
was received at the Department, again Abecassis
appears there, and this time to sell olive oil;
and, as if with the intent to further insult and
show their contempt of our diplomatic repre-
' sentatives abroad, without notice or advertise-
ment of any kind, another contract was entered
into with him, without requiring him to give
security of any kind, to furnish the Navy fifty-
six thousand gallons of olive oil, and that, too,
at a price giving Abecassis a profit of $15,000
in gold on the single transaction.
| Mr. WARD. I would like to know what
officer of the Navy Department would make
! any such contract.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am stat-
ing facts, and facts only. I have the corre-
spondence here, which has been called for by
1 the House but not yet ordered to be printed,
j In that is found the only excuse I have heard
| for making any such contract. The present
> consul at Lisbon, appointed by President Grant,
