1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3829
withdrawal of lands upon a route of the South-
ern Pacific railroad, which was not the route
prescribed for it by the laws of the State of
California under which it was organized and
under which alone it was operating. The route
was not only not allowed by law, but the with-
drawal of land was in the main at a great
distance, in some respects more than one hun-
dred miles from the route which by the law
of the State of California the company was
obliged to observe.
Under such circumstances there soon grew
up much dissatisfaction among the people,
especially among settlers who desired to go
upon the lands in question under the land sys-
tem of the country. The invalidity of the title
claim of the railroad company, the want of
either law or equity in the withdrawal, soon
became notorious. The result was that the
late Secretary of the Interior, Mr. Browning,
was appealed to. After a full hearing, in which
all the parties in interest were heard, he set
aside the order of withdrawal as illegal and
void, and directed the lands to be restored to
their former status as public lands, under the
land system of the United States.
The Senate may observe that I speak with
difficulty. The calling up of this resolution
this morning was not anticipated by me. I
shall consequently be obliged to speak as well
as I can in the present bad condition of my
throat, for the purpose of addressingtheSenate.
As 1 said, Mr. Secretary Browning set aside
this withdrawal and restored the lands. This
be did in July, 18G8, upon the ground substan-
tially as I have stated, that all the proceedings'
of the railroad company were in violation and
defiance of its charter in respect to its route.
Subsequently, in August, 1808, upon the ap-
plication of a very distinguished^ soldier of
the war, we suspended his order of restoration
as to all lands south of San Jos6, that is, the
great bulk of them, until the company could
be again heard, new parties having come into
it. So matters rested until 1869. The case
was then heard before the present Secretary
of the Interior, Mr. Cox, and was by him
decided precisely as it had been decided by his
predecessor. The withdrawal was, in Novem-
ber, 1869, declared void, as having been made
without authority of law, and the lands ordered
to be restored as public lands. Thus by two
Secretaries in succession the question was fully
heard and determined on by each in the same
way. The withdrawal was held null and void,
and should be setxaside; and the lands were
restored.
So the matter stood when, in last December,
I offered a resolution of inquiry, which the
Senate adopted. It was as follows:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and
he is hereby, directed to transmit to the Senate oo pies
of his recent orders restoring the lands in the State
of California previously withdrawn for the use of the
Southern Pacific railroad, and of any decision made
by him therein; or a statement of his reasons for
such orders, together Avith a statement of the area
of land affected by such orders or withdrawal, show-
ing also the number of settlers located thereon, to-
gether with any other informntion pertinent to the
general ooieet of this resolution.5'
To that inquiry the Secretary responded by
a report, Senate IDxecutive Document No. 9.
It was laid upon the tables of Senators at that
time, but has probably passed from their rec-
ollection since. The body of the report is
very brief; and as my voice is not equal to the
task i ask the Chief Clerk to read it to the
Senate.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The lands mentioned in the resolution are situate
upon the route delineated on the accompanying dia-
gram, commencing at San Francisco, thence extend-
ing in a southerly direction to San Jose; thence fol-
lowing the same general direction to the north and
east of Tulare lake; thence southeasterly and east,
striking the Colorado river not far below Fort Mo-
have. The route is not less than 350 miles in length.
The odd-numbered sections, within thirty miles on
eaeh side of it, were withdrawn from private entry
and preemption or homestead settlement. The
even-numbered sections, within twenty mi Jes on each
side, weioexoludcdfiom private entry, butremained
at the double minimum price, subject to the preemp-
tion and homestead laws. The odd-numbered sec-
tions contain, by estimate, 10,000,000 acres, and the
even-numbered sections, thus increased to the dou-
ble minimum price, 7,000,000 acres. The oven-num-
bered sections outside of the twenty and within the
thirty-mile limits were not affected by the with-
drawal.
The Commissioner reports in regard to the quantity
of land offered, its location, and number of settlers,
as follows;
1. That the quantity of " offered lands" in the odd
and even sections within the limits of the withdrawal
is 3,150,000 acres.
2. The number of settlers on the lands included
within the withdrawal are, on odd-numbered sec-
tions, 936; on even-numbered sections, 1,131; total'
2,007."
The offered lands are principally in the San Fran-
cisoo and Visalia districts, in the region of Tulare
lake and the valley of King's river, north of lake.
Under date of the 18th June, 1868, the Commis-
sioner of the Genoral Land Office submitted to Mr.
Secretary Browning papers questioning the right of
this company to lands upon this route. 'My pre-
decessor, on the 14th of July following, (copy A,)
ordered the Commissioner to issue the necessary
instructions to restore them to market, and stated
that upon the company designating their route, in
conformity with their organic law, the requisite
order would bo mado for the protection of their
rights. On the 20th of August following, (B,) upon
an application of General W. S. Itosccranz, and to
afford the company an opportunity to show that the
route was authorized by law, he directed a suspen-
sion of so much of his order as related to lands south
of San Jose.
After I took charge of this Department a renewed
application was mado for a restoration of the lands.
The company were duly notified thereof, and an
ample opportunity afforded them to present their
ease. After due consideration of their arguments I
concurred in opinion with my predecessor, and on
the 2d and lltli ultimo (C) directed the Commissioner
to restore the lands to their original status aftersixty
days' public notice. My reasons for this action are
set forth in my letters to that officer.
On the 14th instant lion. J. M. Howard, chair-
man of the Souate Pacific Railroad Committee, in-
formed me of the pendency of a joint resolution before
his committee relating to these lands, and suggested
that they should hold their present status until the
resolution was finally actod upon by Congress. (D.)
In accordance with his suggestion 1 directed the
Commissioner on the 15th instant (IS) to suspend the
restoration until furthor advised by this Department.
The restoration of the lands, if not included in a
prior grant, would render such as are vacant and
have been offered at public auction subject to entry
at private tsalo, as well as to homestond entry ond
preemption settlement at the minimum price, and to
location with agricultural college scry) and military
bounty land wanants. The unoflorod parcels, if
surveyed, would bo subject to homestead entry and
preemption settlement, and if unsurveyed, solely to
preemption settlement.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servan t,
J. D. COX, Secretary,
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Vice President of the United
States, and President of the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. That, then, was the con-
dition of these lands in the Department with
respect to the railroad company as well as to
the settlers upon them. The Senate will ob-
serve that at that date there were upon the
even-numbered sections eleven hundred and
thirty-one settlers ; on the odd-numbered sec-
tions nine hundred and thirty-six—in all two
thousand and sixty-seven. There is no doubt,
I think, that these figures include only the set-
tlers who went upon the lands previous to the
illegal withdrawal. This must be so, because
of the rule in ihe Land Office. That rule, as
is known to most Senators, is that upon with-
drawal made for railroad purposes all settle-
ments or proceedings for settlement are not
recognized, at least upon the railroad sections.
Mr. COLE. That class are protected fully
by my amendment.
Mr. OASSERLY. My colleague's amend-
ment adds nothing to the law as it stands with
respect to settlers. It is therefore, to use a
favorite phrase of the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard,] a mere brutum fulmen. It
does not touch the case I want it to reach, as
I will now show.
Since the void withdrawal was made in the
Land Office a great many persons have gone
upon the lands withdrawn as settlers. They
went there because they knew—for it was no-
torious in California—-that the withdrawal of
these lands was utterly invalid and void; that
universal popular judgment was in full accord
with the decisions of the officers of the Gov-
ernment appointed to determine that question.
I refer, of course, to the two Secretaries of the
Interior, Judge Browning and. general Cox.
More than that, sir, the opinion of the peo-
ple of California haa been sustained by the
Pacific Railroad Committee of this body in its
report accompanying this joint resolution. I
refer the Senate to that report. It is report
No. 67—a report made by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,] in which the
ground is distinctly taken, in accordance with
the popular conviction in California, with the
decisions by two Secretaries of the Department
of the Interior, and with the plain meaning
and effect of the laws of California which cre-
ated this company, and of Congress. I say
the report of your own committee in present-
ing this joint resolution is that the withdrawal
gave no legal right to the company, and was
properly set aside by the Department of the
Interior.
The people of California having that view of
these lands, and being entirely and absolutely
right in their view, went upon them in good
faith as settlers, as well after the void with-
drawal as before it. It is all these people
whom my amendment is designed to protect.
I make no distinction between settlers after the
withdrawal and those before it. There is none.
Their rights and equities arc identical. Of the
settlers on the odd sections after the with-
drawal there is doubtless a considerable num-
ber, though not so great as that of the settlers
on the same sections before the withdrawal.
The report of the Secretary of the Interior
just read puts the number of these last at nine
hundred and thirty-six, and the number of
those on the even sections at eleven hundred
and thirty-one.
Now, as to the settlers after the withdrawal,
my ground is, and I trust I shall succeed in
bringing the Senate to agree with me, that
whatever their number may be they are on-
titled to be protected by Congress. This is
not a case of the renewal of a grant which had
lapsed by time. It is a case where, as between
the railroad company and the settlers who have
gone upon the lands, the Senate is free to deal
with the land grant as a new subject, as an
original question. It is free to take whatever
course it sees fit. The whole matter is at large
before the Senate as if it were here for the first
time. We may grant these lands to the com-
pany, or we may withhold them. Whatever
we do in dealing with the company, I respect-
fully insist we have no choice as to our own
people who went upon the lands for settlement.
These we must protect; we must protect them
equally whether they went on before or after
the void withdrawal.
What is a valid withdrawal is a question of
law. Whether the company had any legal right
to have this great body of land, seventeen mil-
lion acres, withdrawn is a question of law. It
never will do to say that because there was a
technical withdrawal made in the Land Office,
which was invalid and void, so known to all,
so held by every competent authority that has
passed upon it from the time it was made to
the present hour—I repeat it will never do to
say that by such a proceeding as that, which
was not a withdrawal in any just sense, a great
body of people are to be ousted of theirposses-
sions.
The report of the Secretary of the Interior
is, that the odd-numbered sections of land
within the withdrawal contain, by estimate,
ten million acres; and the even-numbered sec-
tions, increased, of course, to the double mini-
mum price, contain seven million acres ; in all
seventeen million acres. It was stated here
the other day by the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart,] on the streugth of a letter
addressed to him by the Commissioner of the
Greneral Land Office, that the company would
not obtain out of all the land withdrawn more
than a million and a half acres of good land as
far as Fort Tejon. No data for this estimate of
that experienced officer wore given, and I can
