1942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
cause of disunion were the extreme Radicals
of the North ; they said that the best recruiting
sergeants were the proclamations against slavery
issued by Abraham Lincoln and the extreme
measures of Congress.
I have been impelled to say thus much, and
would gladly say more if I had the time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to oppose
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move, then, to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word.
Mr. DAWES. I will not make the point on
my friend from Ohio, but I give notice that here-
after I shall ask the Chair to enforce the rule
that debate be confined to the pending amend-
ment.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will ask whether it is
altogether fair to have two speeches on one side
and only one on the other?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will relieve
the gentleman, and will make but this single
remark: I am quite willing to leave the records
of the two parties to stand or fall on their
respective merits, as everybody knows what
those records were during the war.
Mr. VOORHEES. We are content to leave
the question in that position.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, I desire that what has been
said by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Nib-
lack] shall not go uncorrected to the country.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Unless this
is to be a free discussion, in which we can all
participate, I must insist on the point of order
that debate be confined strictly to the amend-
ment. I will not make the point of order if it
be understood that this is to be a free fight.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from In-
diana had an hour.
The CHAIRMAN. Is the point of order
insisted on?
Mr. WOOD. We must insist on the point
of order unless it be understood that further
discussion shall be allowed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] must confine himself to the amend-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is rather difficult to do
that and yet accomplish the object I have in
view. 1 have proposed to strike out the word
"dollars," which, as I understand, opens the
whole question of cash—how it is to be obtained
and how expended. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I ask that
the amendment be read again.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
At the end of line seventeen add tho following:
For pay of assistant engineer l'rom Januaryy 1 to
June 30,1870, ©00.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho Chair will state
that if the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] insists on his point of order the
gentleman from Ohio cannot indulge in general
debate upon a pro forma amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 am very sorry that gen-
tlemen on the other side, after having had more
than an hour for discussion, are afraid of reply.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If it be agreed
that both sides shall be heard I will withdraw
my point of order.
Mr. CONGER. I hope our friends on this
side of the House will give the other side a
fair chance. [Laughter.] We have had an
hour or more.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will not
insist an the point of order; but I hope my
friend from Ohio will give us an opportunity
for reply.
Mr. BENJAMIN, I shall insist on the
point of order.
The- CHAIRMAN. The pro forma amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio is withdrawn.
The question recurs on the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
The amendment of Mr. Dawes was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Comptroller of the Currency:
For pay of one clerk of class two, one clerk of class
one, and three female clerks, at 1900 each, in his
office, $5,300.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out " $5,300" and
inserting in lieu thereof $1,766 60."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Internal Revenue Bureau:
For rent, dies, paper; for stamps and incidental
expenses, including the cost of subscriptions for such
number of copies of the "Internal Revenue Record
and Customs Journal" astheSecretaryofthoTreas-
ury may deem necessary to supply to revenue officers,
$300,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by reducing the amount of the
appropriation $1,000; and I wish to show in
this connection how well that revenue depart-
ment is getting along, and why it will not re-
quire so large an appropriation now as before.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will not
require that the honorable gentlemad from
Ohio shall be obliged to confine his argument
to the amendment which has been proposed.
In that case he would be entitled to argue only
why the appropriation of $300,000 should be
reduced to $299,009. He could only speak in
reference to ths necessity for a reduction of
$1,000. But, as 1 have said, I do not make
the point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. The proposition is t'o
appropriate a certain sum 
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will not be interrupted, but that he will
be allowed to proceed for five minutes, and
the gentleman from New Yorkshall then have
five minutes for reply.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I give notice that I shall
make the point of order upon all parties.
Mr. SCHENCK, There will be no occa-
sion for any point of order, for I am going to
confine my remarks to the internal revenue
department. I hope my time will not begin
until gentlemen have worked off the fever of
objection.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Niblack] probably does not think with
me wo can lessen the amount to be appropri-
ated for this department, for he does not know
how well it has been doing in the matter of
collecting the tax on spirits and tobacco, and
in other ways. I thank him for the honor
which he did me, in attributing to my action
and effort so much of this reform in regard to
the collection of the taxes on spirits and to-
bacco. If I take all that was thus so kindly
said of me, I should say this: it could not have
been done by me or any one else, or by any
committee, without the support of Congress,
and that was a Republican Congress; and there-
fore in that sense it is a Republican legislative
reform. But let that pass. I had the aid of the
gentleman in all ray labor in that past year. He
mistook in this: when I spoke of the amount
of revenue derived from this source I did not
contrast what had been done under the old
whisky law prior to July 8, 1868, two years
ago, but I contrasted the last seven months,
with the benefit of the new law.—
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentlemen will state
his point of order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point of order
thatthe gentleman is not discussing his amend-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope this will not be
taken out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
has said that he would endeavor to confine his
remaiks to the ruling of the Chair.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not think he has
done so.
The CHAIRMAN. So far as the gentleman
from Ohio has gone, the Chair thinks he is in
order. He will proceed in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Some people's thoughts
take a wider scope than others, and are not
confined to objects so minute they cannot see
beyond their own contracted vision. The gen-
tleman from Indiana was mistaken in suppos-
ing I was contrasting two periods of time with
each other when I was not. Under Andrew
Johnson's administration they ran the collec-
tion down to $13,000,000. I do not know but
a comparison should be made with that, but I
took a period of time a year later, when they
had the benefit of the collection from whisky
in bond, and ran up to some $45,009,000. The
gentleman, perhaps, may say wo ought not to
refer to the $13,000,000, because that was
under a Republican Administration. I have
no disposition to go into the argument about
whose administration Andrew Johnson's Was,
because that would be going into the discus-
sion of politics. Without going into that I will
only say, after our cunning opponents had
stolen everything else, they ended by stealing
our President.
The contrast I made was between the year
ending the 30th of June, 1869, when we had
run up the total collections from internal rev-
enue taxes to $159,124,127, and seven months
later, ending January 31, 1870, when the same
laws were continued in force, and when the
receipts amounted to $174,830,925, or an in-
crease in seven months of $15,715,798. And
it is a curious fact, although it was thought
there would be some backset after the tax on
spirits in the bonded warehouses had been
nearly all collected, there was no such result,
because, owing to the more wholesome col
lection under these internal revenue laws,
and consequently to the increased protection
afforded to the legitimate distillers, the year
endingJune, 1869, showed $45,000,000,theyear
ending the next month showed $46,000,000,
the next nearly forty-six million dollars, the
next nearly forty-eight million dollars, the next
nearly forty-seven million dollars, the year
ending the next month $49,000,000, the year
ending the next month $50,000,000, and the
year ending the next month $50,000,000.
Thus there has been a gradual increase during
the whole of the last seven or eight months,
while the present Administration lia3 had con-
trol, under the same laws as had prevailed for
a year previous in the collection of the reve-
nue from this source. That is I he point to
which I desired to call the attention of the
House and the attention of the country. And
that is the ground upon which I proceeded
when I claimed that, under the same laws and
under the same circumstances, except a better
enforcement of the law, there was a steady and
constant increase of the revenues of the country,
not merely from this source, but from all sources;
so that we have gained from all the sources of
internal taxation $16,000,000 in the last seven
months, with the prospect of a gain, if ths
same thing goes on, of $30,000,000 within the
year.
As regards the other gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Niblack,] I would not for the world
interfere with him or with any other gentleman
on that side of the House who seeks to amend
the record with reference to the war. I am will-
ing to admit that we, the Republican party, did
not take any part in that war ; that we did not
make any effort to suppress the rebellion ; that
we all stayed at home ; thatthe war was carried
on by the Democracy. I am willing to admit
this if it will gratify the gentleman, and by that
means so to amend the record as to throw into
oblivion what I am afraid future historians will
be apt to set down as the true record of the
war.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. There is one point which the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] ought to bear
in mind, and which the country ought to un-
derstand in this connection, and it is this : the
