2886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope we shall take a
recess for fifteen minutes.
Mr. MYERS. Oh, no ; let the committee
rise.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] is
away ; the member of the committee who has
charge of the bill [Mr. Washburn, of Wiscon-
sin,] is away. I think there is uo member of the
Commiitee on Appropriations present except
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Beaman,]
and he, I believe, has nothing to do with this
bill; and I do not .think it would be fair to
that committee to go on with the bill.
• Mr. MORGAN. I should feel great regret
to be compelled to go on this evening. I be-
lieve I am to follow the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Hale,] and as I wish to discuss questions
directly connected with the appropriation bill,
I should dislike to do it in the absence of the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish it understood that
I have no desire to press gentlemen to the
discussion of the bill under existing circum-
stances there being so few members present. I
thoughtthere might be a recess of ten or fifteen
minutes to see if members would come in.
That was my idea. I did not wish to press on
business or force gentlemen to speak to empty
seats.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for a vote on my
motion.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Scofield
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Ei.dridge reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particu-
larly the special order, being the bill (H. R.
No. 1533) making appropriations for the naval
service for the fiscal year ending June 30,1871,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to introduce a bill for
reference.
Mr. HOLMAN.^ In the absence of aquorum
I shall have to insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at seven o'clock and thirty-seven minutes p.
m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, <tc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: The petition
of Messrs. Bo wen & Co., bankers, of Broad-
head, Green county, Wisconsin, against the
passage of the funding bill.
By Mr. JUDD: The petition of George
Dunlap, and others, against the passage of the
Senate funding bill.
Also, the petition of A. G. Cooper & Co.
and others, citizens of Chicago, Milwaukee,
and Detroit, asking areduction of duty on flues
and tubes.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of Mr, George
W. Morrison, for increase of pension by spe-
cial act.
Also, a petition of clerks of the War Depart-
ment, asking repeal of tax on salaries.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of W. H.
Ammons and others, citizens of Stark county,
Indiana, asking for the abolition of the duties
on tea and coffee, and the reduction of the
duties on sugar and molasses.
By Mr. PAINE : A memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin to Congress, for an appro-
priation to build a custom-house and post office
in the city of Green Bay.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, relating to bounties to honorably dis-
charged soldiers.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, to refund to the city of Racine certain
moneys advanced for the construction of the
harbor at Racine.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, asking the removal of stray bands of
Indians in that State.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, relative to a grant of land to the Wis-
consin railroad farm mortgage lands.
By Mr. STOKES: A memorial, signed by a
large number of truly loyal men of Carroll
county, Tennessee, setting forth the condition
of the country and asking relief at the hands
of Congress.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 22, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
of yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILLEY presented apetition of citizens
of Virginia, and of trustees and frieuds of the
Methodist Episcopal church in Leesburg, Vir-
ginia, praying compensation fordamagesto that
church by United States troops during the late
war ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
Eetition of William A. Fleming Mcintosh, of
liberty county, Georgia, praying the removal
of his political disabilities ; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of officers
and membersof asociety known as " TheLabor
Reform Society No. 1, of Washington city, Dis-
trict of Columbia," praying a charter of incor-
poration ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
* Mr. HARLAN presented a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of the State of Iowa,
asking a grant of lands to indemnify settlers
for lands taken from them by the grant for the
Des Moines river improvement; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
General Assembly of the State of Iowa, In rela-
tion to the establishment of a mail route, with
tri-weekly service, from Anita, in Cass county,
via Hamlin's Grove, Oakfield, Exira, Lucock's
Grove, Mack's, and Carrollton, to Carroll Cen-
ter; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zensof Massachusetts, signed by Fraucis Bacon
and others, praying for the preservation of the
harbors of the United States against encroach-
ment; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. THURMAN presented a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of Ohio, requesting
the Senators and Representatives of that State
in Congress to urge the passage of a law by
which the State of Ohio will be authorized to
surrender the national road to the several coun-
ties through which it is located, as the State
may provide, and for the surrender to the State
of all claims which the United States may have
upon any part of the national road, and the
repeal of all acts of Congress relating thereto;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I present the petition of
William M. Springer, a citizen of Illinois, who
alleges that he has invented a new and useful
way for taking, recording, and counting the
yeas and nays in legislative bodies, and also a
system of division of the House where the
record of the vote is not required, for which
he has obtained a patent; and he asks per-
mission to put up his instrument at his own
expense, that it may be tested in the Senate of
the United States. I hardly know to whst com-
mittee to ask to refer this petition, whether it
would more appropriately goto the Committee
on Rules or to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds. He accompanies the peti-
tion with a copy of his patent, showing what
his apparatus is, and asks that he may be per-
mitted to introduce it at his own expense, that
1 it may be tried. I move the reference of the
i petition to 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest that it will require an amendment of
the rules if the proposition shall be agreed to,
and therefore it would be appropriate to refer
it to the Committee on Rules.
| Mr. TRUMBULL. I move, then, to refer
: it to the Committee on Rules.
j The motion was agreed to.
i Mr. DAVIS presented apetition of theCher-
, okee Indians, of North Carolina, praying an
investigation into the acts of William H.
Thomas, James H. Terrell, and S. H. Swet-
land, and that such measures be taken as will
I compel them to account for and pay over to
j the Indians certain money improperly retained
| by them ; which was referred to the Commit-
1 tee on the Judiciary.
; Mr. CARPENTER presented a petition of
members of the bar of Wisconsin, praying an
increase of the salaries of the judges of the
United States courts; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented a petition of J. 0. Culvey,
H. M. Page, and others, citizens of Wiscon-
sin, for the abrogation of legacy and succes-
sion taxes; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of owners and
masters of vessels and material-men, praying
1 the enactment of a law for the relief of ship-
; builders and material-men, and to provide a
speedy remedy for the collection of claims
against domestic ships and vessels; which was
, referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of
; Gustavus A. Butler, of Giles county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
j which was referred to the select Committee on
j the Removal of Political Disabilities.
i reports of committees.
;! Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Commerce, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 800) to prohibit all but certain officers
boarding or leaving vessels before entry at
the custom-house, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom were referred resolutions
of the American Geographical and Statistical
Society in favor of the Government fitting out
an expedition for Arctic exploration and the
discovery of the north pole, and also sundry
petitions from citizens in different parts of the
country praying for the same thing, have had
the same under consideration, and report them
back to the Senate, and ask to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof, as there
is a bill already reported by the committee on
that subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 535) for
the relief of Kenneth Mackinzie, have had
the same under consideration and directed me
to report it back to the Senate with a recom-
mendation that it be indefinitely postponed. I
will state that this is a bill introduced by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] pro-
posing to pay Mr. Mackinzie, Canadian coun-
sel employed by the United States in the case
of the Fenians, the sum of $44,000 in addi-
tion to the fee of $5,000 which he has received
from the Government. The committee do not
find any merit in the claiiu. Accompanying
the bill is a report of the committee, which I
ask to have printed.
The bill was indefinitely postponed, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on foreign
