4774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2n
*> 
in which you and I, sir, breathe and move,.ex-
travagant, full of hyperbole and illustrations
unsupported and utterly out of place.
In reply to that speech I rose and made a few
remarks, setting forth in general and perfectly
respectful terms, so far as General Fremont
was concerned, my opposition to that amend-
ment. In the course of those few remarks I
was obliged, of course, to state the general fact
that, in my opinion, the proximity of General
Fie mo nt to 1 hose foul transactions in Paris
was such as to stain his character and to render
him an unfit person to be a corporator in this
bill. Thereupon the honorable Senator from
Illinois, the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, with his usual haste, his usual spirit of
domination and defiance, rose and character-
ized the few remarks 1 had made as an unfair
and gross attack and assault upon General
Fremont, and demanded ot rae in the most
defiant, terms the evidence in support of the
declarations 1 had made, intimating, indeed, by
his manner and matter that I was without any
support from matters of fact, and seemed to
anticipate and to flatter himself that his defi-
ance of me would be followed by my humble
and silent submission. Sir, he mistook his
man. I am too old, I have had too much ex-
perience in my profession, too much expeii-
ence here, to make an idle and rash assertion
in that, way; and the Senator from Illinois, if
he had reflected one moment, would have come
to the same conclusion. He would have fore-
seen that there was at least some show of facts
at the bottom of my declarations.
Now, sir, as to the speech itself, 1 have
known for a long time, and so have we all, that
there was a project on foot to revive and resus-
citate what is known as the Memphis and Jit
Paso liailroad Company, in the interest of
Geneial Fr6mont, who is by far the largest
Stock-holder in that institution, its president
and principal business manager. 1 have not
thought it, an enterprise deserving of the patron-
age of Congress. I came to this conclusion
after a most careful, thorough, and laborious
examination and correspondence; but at the
same time, as those who know me intimately
know, with every disposition, if i could dis-
cover that here was a good charter and a good
grant of land, to render it such aid as might
be in my power as chairman of the i aeihe
liailroad Committee, for 1 had no prejudice
against either the road, General tremont, or
other members of the company. _ l>ut,m the
course of this laborious investigation 1 found
it necessary, according to my custom, to jot
down my ideas upon paper as i went along.
r|'hat. sir, is the origin of the speech about which
the honorable Senator from Illinois has made so
much ado. it was, indeed, a prepared speecn.
it was carefully prepared, diligently prepared;
and 1 am prepared to say now that it will stand
the criticism and examination of every candid
who will read it and read the documents
ami proofs to which it refers. II it be a fault
i„ me that 1 t.uis prepared my speech and had
it ready in my drawer, to meet the defiance,
the amrt*y and almost hostile dehance, ot the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
I nurt acknowledge that fault. I was ready, as
I hope to be on all such occasions where JI am
called in question upon so grave and nnpoitant
il One word'un'tlier, sir. The honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, m the goodness ot his
heart, observed that he regretted very much
that the character of a single individual should
be commented upon as I had seen fit to com-
meet, upon that of General Fremont. Sn, for
wh'"t purpose was the name of General bre-
mont. and all the rest of this long list of cor-
noiators presented in the amendment offered
y e from Nevada,? ?0GS if T"
L !e Senator from Pennsylvania, or the hon-
or^- b 1 e Senator from Illinois expect when names
" e proposed here for our action, when we are
;.',lkd upon to par-s a judgment, upon the fitness :
or unfitness ol A, B, C, or i) lor a paracu.ar ,
position, that we are to make no comment upon
it, that we are not to make an investigation of
the character of the individual, that we are to
sit with closed lips and accept the name, who-
ever may produce it, whoever the person named
may be, whatever may be his character, how-
ever objectionable, hcJwover faulty, however
criminal; that we are not to criticise it, but to
pass it by in silence and to accept it, for fear
we may indulge in criticisms hurtful to his
character? I have not so learned the duty of
an American legislator.
I suppose that when a name is thus presented
it is just as open to observation in this body as
it would be in executive session, and that the
lips of Senators are not to be sealed for fear
that some injury or prejudice may bo occa-
sioned to the person? We are not, sir, mere
stocks and stones in this body. We are sent
here by the States that we represent for the
purpose of discussion and intelligent, action;
not to accept cither names or things simply
because they are presented. No, sir; we are
not thus converted into mere silent machines
for the purpose of giving places and offices to
any persons. Our constituents, the States
who sent us here, expect that wo shall act
intelligently on all subjects; and how can we
do so unless we are at full liberty to examine
even the characters of the persons whose names
are before us?
Now, sir, as I said before, 1 have 110 per-
sonal feeling of unkmdness whatever toward
General Fremont,; 1 never had ; but when i
see him in such suspicious proximity to foul
and fraudulent transactions 1 loci it to be my
duty to pause ; 1 feel it, to be my duty as an
American citizen not to give a legislative, con-
gressional indorsement to a man, however high
his character may liinebeenherctolore, againsL
whom there are such causes of complaint for
transactions m a foreign country with which
wo are at peace and to which we are bound by
the ties of ancient friendship, both political and
commercial.
Mr. MOJIRILL, of Vermont,, (at ten o eiock
and fifty minutes p. m.) I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 12, noes 'l'>.
Mr. CASrfERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 28; as follows:
Yl'JAS—Jde'-'-rs. li.iynrd, (,1nmcron, Casserly, Colo,
Johnston, MrOeery, iUunill oi Vermont, Pomeroy,
Pool, Pratt, Spencer, Sprugue, and blooktou—1A
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, iiiownlow, Carpenter,
Chandler, ConkhnK, Corbett, Drake, J'enton Gil-
bert. Ilamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, kelloKa,
McDonald, Nye. Osboru, Kico, Robertson, Sawyer,
Scott, Stewart, Sumner, ! hayer, li-umbaEI, W.u-
nor V'itley, and Wilson—2.-S.
AliriliVi.'-Mcssrs. Abbott, Anthony, foreman,
Buckingham, fatten, Cumn, Davis, J'.dmuiids,
l-'erry, 1't.ni.ifran, loivlcr, Hamilton ol M.ujUiiu.
Hamilton ot Texas, iiowo, llowell, Lewis, -Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Norton, raurrsou, lUmsoy,
Hovels, lto?s, Saulsbur.v, Sebura, Sherman, Hur-
m.ui, Tipton, Viekers, Williams, and late,-,—ot.
So the Seriate refused to adjourn.
Mr. 'iTIAYI'jI!. Mr. President, I have risen
to make an appeal to the Senate that we come
to a vote. 1 voted against, an adjournment in
order that we might dispose of tins bill it it is
the intention of the Senate to pass it. I am
anxious to give the country a southern rail-
road. We have now spent two nights, last
night until midnight, and wo are now approach-
ing midnight again. I beg of Senators, the
liiendsof the measure, to cease discussion and
come to a vote. We are approaching the end
of the session with an immense amount of
business behind. 1 ask the Senate to take this
into consideration, and let us act instead ot
talking.
Mr. SUMNER. Sir. President, I am in
favor of this bill, and also in favor of the pro-
posed amendment, with its list of corporators,
and with John C. Fiemont at the head of the
list. At this late hour I hesitate, sir, to say a
word ; not should I but for what my friend
from Michigan will pardon me if I call the
assiduity of assault which he lias led against a
distinguished fellow-citizen, always to be men-
tioned with honor. .
I think that my friend has made, a mistake.
He has done injustice to General fcremont, as
he has done injustice to his own nature, in
making this assault. Allow me, sir, to make
two remarks on the speech oi the senator, i
would say, in the first place, and the thought
constantly passed through ray mind as i. lis-
tened to him, whether while lie read or while
he spoke, that he showed a rashness, a facility
of disposition, almost a levity, m his efiort to
pull do mi an historic character.
Sir, I have no sympathy with any such ettort.
The men who have served us well in times
past belong to the country and are among our
best possessions. Not lightly or on imperfect
evidence will I help to drag them down. I do
not comprehend the Senator in his attempt-
Least of all can I enter into it. This is not
enough. I am against it,.
The other remark 1 would niake is that the
Senator found himself almost exclusively on
irregularities of other persons maddened by
the "excitements of speculation in a foreign
land, with regard to which 1 submit he snows
no privity on the part of General 1'reniont.
Irregularities there were undoubtedly, as in our
own Wall street and in our gold market; but
when the Senator read the letter from our
minister at Paris, stating that our country had
suffered much from what was called the Trans-
continental road, I failed to lind in that letter
one single word pointing at General Fiemont.
There wercirregularities beyond question, and
much to lie regretted ; but I insist that there
was nothing by which General Fr6mont can bo
justly affected, nothing which can be properly
adduced against him on this occasion.
Sir, to my mind the case stands in this way:
on the one side, urged and elaborated by the
Senator from Michigan, is the uncertain; on
the other side is the certain. I put the latter
against the former. The uncertain is found m
the alleged irregularities of speculators at
Paris, arid how uncertain they are! Who has
been able to follow the minute development
made by the Senator? Who has seen^in that
development anything to fix General Fremont
with participation in these irregularities? I
say, therefore, on that side is the uncertain,
but apainst it is the certain, and that certain is
the life and the character of the distinguished
fellow-cilixen now assailed.
Sir, what is life, what is character, if when
assailed they should not be summoned as wit-
nesses? Who does not remember liiin in early
manhood,many years ago, precocious in adven-
ture and already renowned as an explorer oi
this continent, pointing out that pathway, then
unknown, by which the two oceans are now
connected, and with him two illustrious com-
panions, science, which he always served, and
danger, which he always overcame. A.nd shortly
afterward we see him again iuiliis Chamber a
youngSenatorofthe United States ; soon after-
ward to be at the head of the combined hosts
of freedom, leading them in a mighty presiden-
tial contest, penetrating the deserts and the
snowy mountains of our politics in order to
make it pathway there. If he then failed it was
only because we all failed, because the Repub-
lic at that time failed. The good time had not
come when the great cause could triumph ; but
Fremont was our leader. As rebellion assumed
the part of war, he was again at the post of
duty; and here I offer my homage tothatgre.it
act of political wisdom and humanity, which
was more than a battle, by which he declared
emancipation at the head of his army. Had
this measure been adopted at that early day, 1
cannot doubt that it would have hastened im-
mensely the close of the war. Dut his be the
honor forever more.
Then passing from this great championship
we find him connected witk the railroad enter-
priser. of our country, and especially with this
