t>98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B'ebruary 3(
merely to put money into the pockets of six or
seven thousand employes is not a business in
which I think Congress ought to be engaged.
We are about, as it would seem, to abolish the
franking privilege, for the purpose as it is said
of saving a few thousands or a few hundreds of
thousands of dollars to the people of the United
States; and here we are called upon by the
Naval Committee of this body to appropriate
$4,000,000, not to do anything that is neces-
sary for the people of the United States, not in
subservience to the interests of the Government,
but to put money, wages in the hands of six
or seven thousand persons whom the Secretary
of the Navy has improperly and imprudently
employed. I do not believe in converting the
United States into a mere eleemosynary insti-
tution. I do not think that that is one of our
proper functions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Senator
from Michigan allow me to say one word pre-
cisely on that point? If he will look to the
report of the Secretary of the Navy, he will
iitid that since March last eighty-six vessels
have been repaired and refitted for sea at the
several navy-yards by these two bureaus, so
that the Senator will see that the service has
not been for the employment of men simply,
but it has been for the repair and refitting of
the ships of the United States for the naval
service, and a very large number of them 
Mr. HOWARD. Repairing a ship implies
the necessity of employing labor for that pur-
pose, I suppose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
offer an amendment, to come in after the last
word, " appropriated," and it is very pertinent
to the subject, after the remarks of the Senator
from Michigan. It seems that this work is to
be done; these men are to be employed more
as a matter of charity than anything else; and
therefore I propose the following amendment,
to come in after the word "appropriated"
where it last occurs:
At no higher rate of wages than are paid for like
services by private citizens in the respective local-
ities.
So that the proviso will read:
Provided, That the money so appropriated shall
beexpended onlyfor thepurposeof pro riding- mate-
rials, carrying on the work, and paying the employes
of the bureaus to which it is appropriated at no higher
rate of wages than are paid for like services by pri-
vate citizens in the respective localities.
I think there will be no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. CRAGIN. That is the law now. There
is no objection to reenacting it, of course.
Mr. DAVIS. I myself favor the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Vermont.
It is striking somewhat at the demagogery
which has been so prevalent in the Senate for
two years in relation to the eight-hour system.
My own opinion is that if men will insist upon
havingan eight-hour law passed,laborersshould
be paid by the hour and not by the day. A
man who works twelve hours is worth more
money, if he is as good a laborer, than one
who works ten, and ne who works ten is worth
more money, if he is as good a laborer, than
he who_ works but eight. I therefore avow
myself in favor of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
But, Mr. President, the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs and the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations ask, as I
understood them, that this appropriation of
$4,000,000 be made upon the ground that it
took no money from the Treasury. My under-
standing is that all money that has not been
actually paid out is in the Treasury. My under-
standing, furthermore, is that appropriations
for the Navy are to particular classes of service,
and so of appropriations for all the Depart-
ments, and where there is an appropriation to
one class of service, and a surplus, it cannot be
transferred to another service.
Now, the honorable Senators have asked for
this appropriation of money upon the ground
tnat it will take no money from the Treasury.
I think the honorable Senator from Michigan
was correct when he said that the terms in
which the measure was couched and in which
it was asked were illusory and were calculated
to mislead. It ought simply to be an appro-
priation and asked for in the form of an appro-
priation to supply deficiencies in the naval
service; and if it had been asked for in that
language, which is plain and expressive, the
Senate and the country would have had an
accurate comprehension of it. It is equivalent
to, and it is in effect asking for an appropria-
jj tion of money. No money can be drawn from
j' the public Treasury but by appropriation. That
j; is a term of art which is well understood and
11 conformable to all the practice of the Govern-
I i ment in asking money for the public service.
They ask that it be appropriated to the specific
service; and this ought to have been asked for
as a deficiency, an appropriation of money to
supply a deficiency.
i Now, in connection with this subject, the
i honorable Senator from Ohio himself admits
that the head of the Navy Department has been
administering the concerns of his Department
in utter ignorance of the law that regulates the
disbursements from his Department, and in
< entire incompetence to administer the affairs
of the Department. That is the admission of
the honorable Senator from Ohio, and other J
Senators too.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator repeat ;
his statement of my admission ? !
Mr. DAVIS. That this Department has 1
been administered by its head in ignorance of
the law in relation to the transfer of funds from
one head of appropriation to another.
Mr. SHERMAN. What I said was that he
had simply followed the example of his prede-
cessors, and had probably overlooked the law
restricting transfers; and I wanted to bring
him up to it.
Mr. DAVIS. That is ignorance, of coarse.
The ignorance of one man cannot excuse,
much less justify, the ignorance of another.
But the honorable Senator from New York,
if I understood him, read a recent law that
bore expressly and directly on this subject,
which ought to have admonished the Secretary
of the Navy and instructed him as to the per-
formance of his duty.
But the incompetence admitted by all the
gentlemen is this: there was a large amount
appropriated for one or two bureaus in the
Navy Department, and the Secretary of the
Navy, instead of looking to the amount that
he had to expend for the whole year, and
administering it and disbursing it as a prudent,
sensible officer and man, in view of the ex-
penditures for the whole year, made an expend-
iture of the whole of it in six months; and
after his excess of expenditure in six months
the chairman- of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs and the honorable Senator from Maine
ask for an appropriation of four millions of
money, not in the form of an appropriation,
not in the form of making an appropriation
of money to supply deficiencies, but in the
form of a transfer from one head- to another,
which they say will take no money from the
public Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Do I under-
stand the Senator to attribute to me the state-
ment that we shall take no money from the
Treasury by this measure ?
Mr. DAVIS. I understood the honorable
Senator to say ro in the remarks that he made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I was very
unfortunate. What I did say, or intended to
say, was that the whole thing was a mere mat-
ter of method, by which I meant to say that
there was $4,000,000 to be made up, whether
you take it by appropriation directly from the
Treasury in the way of a deficiency bill, or by
transferring it from one bureau to another.
That is what I intended to say.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the honorable Senator
was not so explicit in the language he used in
his former remarks as he now is. I under-
stood him and the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs just as 1 have represented
But, sir, it is distinctly admitted that this
appropriation has been asked for by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, in administering the affairs
of his Department, in defiance of the law, or in
disregard of the law which regulated or which
forbade the transfer of funds from one head lo
another, and that he had been so improvident
and so incompetent in administering the affairs
of his Department that he was rushing through
the expenditure of the whole appropriation ?n
six months which Congress intended should
meet the necessities and the disbursements of
the Department for twelve, and that in con-
sequence of this error in his administration
some five or six thousand men had to be dis-
charged who had been improvidently engaged
to work in the Navy Department. It is admitted
that unless this appropriation is made it will
, result in the discharge of many more mechanics
! from the public service; and this appropriation
| is asked for under the head of charity, because
it is necessary to continue the service of these
mechanics that their families may be fed during
the inclement winter months. I say it makes
out a most unsatisfactory and objectionable
case for the appropriation of four millions of
money and upward, not as an original appro-
priation, not as a mere transfer in fact and in
truth from one head of service to another, hut
simply to answer the deficiencies in a particular
line of service, because of the incompetent and
improvident administration of the head of the
Department. That is the whole of it.
Mr. President, if the Navy Department had
been disposed to act frankly with Congress
and the country, it ought to have come in,
admitting this excessive and improvident ex-
penditure under these two heads, and have
stated the necessity of continuing the employ-
ment of the workmen by the Department in
order to feed their families during the winter,
and asked simply for a sum of money to sup-
ply deficiencies in those bureaus of the De-
partment. I do not think myself that the bill
ought to pass. The only way, in my judgment,
to stop effectually such an abuse of power is
to refuse to sanction it. Wherever a case
occurs, instead of Congress debating it and
excusing it by saying "we will correct it in
the future," and if another case arises treat-
ing that in the same way, there ought to be
an inflexible rule to condemn such maladmin-
istration as the cases arise, because in no other
way, in my judgment, will those who admin-
ister the affairs of the Government adhere to
the law and omit the repetition of such abuses.
Mr. SAULSBURY. While my friend from
Kentucky seems pained at the confessed incom-
petency of the head of the Navy Department
in managing that Department 
Mr. DAVIS. I did not say that. I hope
the Senator will represent me fairly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will do so. I recall
the expression "pained." While my hon-
orable friend regrets, as no doubt we all re-
gret, the confession of the incompetency of the
head of that Department to manage its affairs,
I rise with different feelings, not in reference
to the head of that Department, but to express
my gratification at the enunciation of certain
sound principles which should govern legisla-
tion which I have heard on this occasion. I
have been particularly pleased with theremarks
of the honorable Senator from Michigan. He
states that it is no part of the duty of Congress
to dispense charities. It seems to be confessed
that the object behind all this movement is to
supply a charity in the employment of work-
men in order that they may make a support
for themselves and their families.
Believing, as I do, that the principle an-
nounced by the Senator from Michigan is cor-
rect, I am embarrassed in my action on this
occasion only by one consideration; and_that
is, if we do not vote for this measure, if it be
a measure of charity, our action may be incon-
sistent, because only a few days ago the Sen-
