1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1943
amended whisky law of 1868 closed up the
distilleries for several months. It required a
new system altogether in regard to the survey
of distilleries, in regard to their construction,
and i n regard to their adaptability for purposes
cl distillation. The law also made some other
requirements with reference to the rectifying
establishments. And it was only, I believe,
in September or October, 1868, beforeanydis-
liilery was able to commence business under
the new law ; it was only then that a portion
of them were able to conform to the law. And
lhis increase of revenue from time to time to
which the gentleman refers arises out of the
fact that from month to month new distilleries
are started or resume business under the new
law ; hence, the increase of tax derived from
them.
The administration of Mr. Johnson had very
little to do with the working of tha new law,
because very few distilleries attempted to do
business under it. As to the propriety of closing
up distilleries, as we did in 1868 by this law, 1
always had some doubt on that question ; and
I think there was more in it than we under-
stood at the time. There was more in it, prob-
ably, than was generally understood by the
country. The effect of it was to stop for the
• time nearly all the receipts of revenue from
that source. But it added largely to the profits
of the men who had whisky on hand at the time.
Mr. BECK. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] I desire
to make a remark here, which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] will know to be
correct. During the fail of 1868 the distill-
eries in my district were stopped almost entirely,
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
had to come himself, at my request, to Wash-
ington city, to aid in getting the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue to reverse his rulings,
which was not done until about the 1st day of
January. These rulings had prevented almost
every distiller all over the West from operat-
ing. The fact is as I have stated it, and we
were very much indebted to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schexck] for coming here to Wash-
ington and aidingto get a reversal of the rulings
which had closed up all the distilleries.
Mr. NIBLACK. Gentlemen no doubt will
recollect those facts when their attention is
recalled to it. The late Administration had
very little to do with the working of the new
whisky law. And the present Administration
has had the entire benefit of the contrast of
its workings with those of the previous lav/,
which imposed two dollars a gallon on whisky.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Abandoned and captured property:
For the pay mont o f the necessary expenses incurred
in defending suits against the Secretary of the Treas-
ury or his agents, for tlio seizuro of captured and
abandoned propertyin the late insurrectionary dis-
tricts. ondforthedcfenscoftbc United States against
fuits for and in respect to such property in the Court
of Claims, §20,000.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the close of the paragraphs
nnder the head of ''Abandoned and captured
property:"
For prosecuting suits and for services and expenses
in preparing to prosecute suits in United States
courts for the recovery of captured and abandoned
property, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following clause;
Public buildings: .
For rooting the custom-house at Cairo, Illinois,
€10,000.
Mr. CREBS. I move to amend that clause
byinsertingaftertheword "roofing" the words
•'interior brickwork and plastering," and by
striking out "310,000" and inserting "$25,-
000." That will make it conform to the book of
estimates. T desire to say that at the time the
iirst appropriation was made for this building
at Cairo, it was intended that only a small build-
ing for a custom-house, some fifty feet square,
should be erected. An appropriation of $50,000
for that purpose was obtained through the
influence of Judge Douglas, in 1858, I believe.
It was found during the progress of the war that
the business of the Post Office Department
there was so large (it being the third distribut-
ing post office in amount of business at that
time in the United States) that the building
was extended so as to accommodate the post
office as well as the custom-house. Since that
time, by an act of Congress, the district court
of the United States for the southern district
of Illinois has also been established at Cairo,
and because of the establishment of that court
it was found necessary that the building should
be still furtherextended, and another story has
been added to it. This, I know, has consid-
erably increased the cost of the building beyond
what was estimated when its erection was first
ordered. At the present time! think the neces-
sities of the country require that the amount
I ask shall be appropriated to carry on the
work. The walls are up and a portion of the
roof is on, but the Government cannot at pres-
ent use the building for the reason that it is
not completed, when its necessities greatly
require it. There is a force of men at work
upon it now, but unless this appropriation
shall be increased from $10,000 to §25,000 the
work will have to stop. It is necessary for the
interests of the country that the work should
be carried on. The United States court isnow
in session at Cairo. It is in session in a build-
ing for which the Government is paying rent,
and the post office is also in a building for
which the Government is paying rent. If the
building can be completed, all the business
of the Government at that place can be car-
ried on in it. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. DAWES. The argument of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Crebs] would apply to
all the appropriations under this head. I sup-
pose there can be no question but that it would
be desirable, if we had money to expend for
the purpose, to finish these public buildings as
early as possible. But this deficiency bill is
reported upon the principle of applying to these
buildings during this fiscal year just enough to
preserve them and keep the work going on,
without any intention of so adding to the regu-
lar appropriations for this year as to complete
them within the year, when that was not the
original plan; but where the buildings have
gone so far in the process of construction that
it would be a damage to them to stop the work
between now and nest July it was thought wise,
as a matter of economy, to appropriate enough
either to finish up the buildings or to continue
the work until J uly, when the regular appro-
priations are to be made. Now, $10,000 will
do that in reference to the building at Cairo,
in the opinion of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and they do not think that in a defi-
ciency bill for the purpose of making up for what
may be lacking in the appropriations for this
year we ought to go beyond that, or to do more
than is absolutely necessary for the preservation
of the public property. I therefore hope the
committee will not adopt this amendment. If
they do, I do not see what opposition can be
successfully made to an amendment proposing
to increase any one of these items.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment proposed by my colleague [Mr. Crebs]
by adding one dollar to the appropriation, so
as to make the amount $25,001. I agree with
the general proposition of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations with reference
to retrenchment, and the propriety of doing no
more at present than is necessarily required to
be done ; but in reference to this building at
Cairo, having some acquaintance there and
knowing its condition, and having talked with
the architect, I am satisfied that the $25,000
asked by my colleague is absolutely required
at this time. I do not believe the roofing,
even, can be completed for $10,000. I hope
the Committee of the Whole will appropriate
the $25,000 or the additional $15,000 asked
for by my colleague, [Mr. Crebs.] I think itis
just and right and proper that it should be done.
Mr. DAWES. I oppose the amendment to
the amendment for the purpose of saying that
unless we are willing to yield our local inter-
ests—I do not say that in any invidious appli-
cation to this amendment—unless we can adopt
some rule that we are willing to apply to our
own local interests in this bill, it is utterly use-
less for ns to attempt to economize in the ex-
penditures of the public money; but each one
of us, on the other hand, should go in to get
all he can to be expended in his particular dis-
trict. It is for the Committee of the Whole
and the House to say whether the rule adopted
by the Committee on Appropriations is a wise
one or not. That rule is to appropriate in a
deficiency bill only enough to keep the work
along until July, to preserve the property from
going to waste until the regular appropriation
can be made.
I think a different rule should be applied to
buildings already commenced from the rule to
be applied to buildings altogether new and not
commenced at all. I am willing to vote appro-
priations for completing buildings when I would
not be willing to vote any money to begin those
buildings. I ask this committee to support this
bill in the belief that these sums will carry on
these works as far as is necessary during the
present current fiscal year, and not swell this
deficiency bill with appropriations that more
properly belong to the general appropriation
bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. CREBS. I renew the amendment to the
amendment in order that I may have the oppor-
tunity of saying one thing in addition to what 1
have already said. I oan appreciate the position
of the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, [Mr.dawes;] but I am arguing in favor
of what I consider the best interests of the Gov-
ernment. It is not denied by any one here but
that this appropriation must be made; and
whether it is made now or a few months hence,
what difference does it make to the Govern-
ment?
As has already been remarked by my col-
league, [Mr. Logan,] this building is now in
an unfinished condition. The chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes]
has the idea that this $10,000 will be enough
to carry on the work until the 1st of July next.
It is true that we may get along until then with
an appropriation of only $10,000; but in the
mean time the building would be seriously in-
jured, and the Government in that way would
lose a considerable amount of money. It will
take about one hundred thousand dollars to
complete this building; and whatever of that,
amount we do not get in this deficiency bill we
must wait for until the general appropriation
bill comes up hereafter. But I say it is better
for the Government to make an appropriation
of $25,000 at this time, so as to inclose the
building and put things in such shape that the
men now employed may be kept at work upon
the building. If you give us only 510,000 at
this time but few of the men now employed can
bo kept at work, and the rest must be turned
off and reemployed, or others employed in
their stead after the next appropriation bill
shall have passed. I say it is a matter of econ-
omy on the part of the Government to appro-
priate 525,000 at this time so that the present
force may be kept at work and the building
completed at the earliest possible moment.
-[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Let us have a vote.
Mr. CREBS. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The question was upon the amendment moved
by Mr. Crebs, to increase the appropriation
from $10,000 to $25,000; and being taken,
upon a division there were—ayes 51, noes OA ,
no quorum voting.
