1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4775
extensive enterprise -which seems now so near
its consummation. Perhaps of all the railroad
enterprises which illustrate this age there is
none which, when accomplished, will be looked
upon with more satisfaction than that just now
under consideration. With it his name is in-
separably associated for weal or woe. There
it is, and you cannot blot it out. Even if you
refuse to put it in this bill, history will put it in
the record of this railroad. There it must be
always, so long as this railroad has a history.
Thus, sir, against the uncertain, set up by
the Senator from Michigan, do I set up the
certain which I find in the life and character
of General Fremont. Surely this is something.
My friend is too good a lawyer not to know
that always the presumptions are in favor of
that character and that life 011 which time and
history have set their seal. Not lightly can
they be assailed.
Therefore, sir, I conclude as I began. The
name of General Fremont should go into the
list of corporators, and it should go at the
head of the list.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I do not
propose at this hour to inflict a speech upon
the Senate ; but I do wish to advert to one or
two remarks which were made by the honor-
able Senator from Alabama [Mr. Warner] in
reference to the tendency of this amendment.
He informed the Senate that if the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Nevada should
prevail it would make this road a northern
Pacific railroad instead of a southern Pacific
railroad. To that X wish to say that the bill
which has been reported by the Senator from
Michigan as an amendment to the bill intro-
duced by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Ivellogu,] contains a provision that the gauge
of the road shall be four feet eight and a half
inches, which completely isolates the road from
the whole network of southern railroads, for
there are twelve thousand miles of railroad in
the southern States with a five-feet gauge, and
not one thousand with a four feet eight and
a half inch gauge. Therefore if we vote for
this bill in the form in which it conies from
the committee, we commit ourselves to making
this road a northern Pacific railroad and con-
nected with the whole system of northern roads
whose gauge is fourfeet eight and a half inches.
In answer to that I say again that the bill
which is now in the committee of the House
of Representatives, or has been reported by
them—I am not advised which—is made at the
request of the friends of General Fremont to
provide for a gauge of five feet. I answer
further that the locomotives which have been
ordered by this very much abused Memphis and
El Paso Railroad Company, of which General
Fremont is the president, are built to fit rails
of five feet gauge, that one or more of those
engines are already in this country, and men
do not order locomotives of five feet guage to
go on a railroad which is four feet eight and a
half inches.
I wish further to say, Mr. President, that
if the chairman of the committee who has this
bill in chai-ge proposes to go through with the
list of corporators and investigate their history
from the time of their birth up to the present
time, 1 think he will not live long enough to be
instrumental in giving the South a Pacific rail-
road ; and that I see no particular reason why
this patient, thorough, assiduous investigation
of the character of a single incorporator should
be gone into in this case that does not equally
obtain in regard to any other of the names
which occur in either or all these bills.
Mr. President, it seems to me that this whole
discission is entirely irrelevant to the subject,
and 1 say, with due deference to the honorable
Senator from Michigan, that I think the inves-
tigation of the affairs of the Memphis and 151
Paso railroad, or the connection of General
Fremont, with them, has no more pertinency
to this amendment than the investigation of a
dozen other names which I could call here,
and names whose brilliancy certainly would
not be heightened by a comparison with the
name which has been so much called in ques-
tion here to- night.
Mr. President, I am willing to vote on this
matter, but I am not willing to sit here night
after night to hear personal discussions about
the character of this and that corporator, who
has simply a temporary interest as connected
with this railroad scheme. If the purpose of
the Senate is to give to the South a Pacific
railroad let us come to a vote on the main
proposition in this bill; but if the purpose is
to talk here about the men whose names shall
be brought into the bill to initiate the proceed-
ings, not to build the railroad, but to initiate
the proceedings for building it, I trust that our
northern friends will not spend too much time
in going over the biography of one of our dis-
tinguished fellow-citizens, but will eease their
bickerings over the fame or the infamy of that
man and let us vote upon the proposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, (at eleven
o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) I move
that the Senate ad journ.
Several Senators. No, no; we can vote
now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well; I
withdraw the m.otion.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama, to add the name of John C. Fr6mont to
the list reported by the committee.
Mr. WILSON. I thought the question
was on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Alabama will withdraw his proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
to amend the portion of the bill proposed to
bo stricken out before the question is taken on
striking out and inserting.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment
will be again stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is to add the name of John C. Fremont
to the list reported from the committee in the
bill.
Mr. CONKLING. What, then, becomes of
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Nevada ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
next in order. This is by way of perfecting
the portion proposed to be stricken out by the
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Alabama will withdraw it.
Mr. WARNER. I shall not withdraw the
amendment. It has been argued here^ that it
is unjust to General Frijmont to leave his name
out of this bill, and the whole discussion has
been on his personal merits 
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to ask my
friend one question. Which way does he think
General Fremont would be most successfully
vindicated, by speeches from halt a dozen men
at this hour of the night, or by a vote?
Mr. WARNER. Very well; I shall say
what I have to say. 1 propose to answer that
charge by putting the name ofGenerai John C.
Fremont into the amendment of the committee
before the question is taken on striking out the
names now in. If the object bo simply to do
justice to General Fremont, lam entirely will-
ing to agree to put his name into the list of
corporators. After his name shall have been
put in, then if there be an ulterior purpose
we shall find it developed in striking out the
whole list of corporators. If the object of the
friends of General Fremont be simply to defend
his character, his reputation, and his right to
a part in the building of this great road with
which his name has been so long identified, it
will be fully accomplished by pulling his name
by a distinct vote of the Senate into the list
of corporators. If there be nothing but that,
it will be all accomplished by my motion. If
there be an ulterior object to put along with
him a long list of other corporators, and there-
by control the management and gauge of the
road against the southern and in favor of the
northern railroads, that will be developed in
due time.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr, WILSON and others. Let us vote.
Mr. CAMERON. You will get no vote to-
night, I fear.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Alabama insists on talking 
Mr. CAMERON. Those who are so much
interested in this road are occupying the time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania has moved an adjournment.
He can not proceed to speak unless he withdraws
the motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I will only withdraw it
on the condition that we shall proceed to vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator withdraw the motion?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. I renew the motion to
adjourn. We have consumed two evenings in
a personal discussion which seems to me the
most irrelevant discussion 1 ever listened to
in any body  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California has moved to adjourn, lie
cannot make a speech.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is true, and I make
the motion to adjourn without a speech. I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The call for the yeas and nays was declared
not to be seconded, one fifth of a quorum not
rising to sustain the call.
Mr. CASSERLY. Do I understand the
President to say that there was not the proper
number up ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
one fifth of a quorum to order the yeas and
nays. It would take eight Senators to make
one fifth of a quorum.
Mr. CASSERLY. I thought there were
more than eight up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again on seconding the
demand for the yeas and nays.
Eight Senators rising, the yeas and nays
were ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas
8, nays 31 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Johnston, Mc-
Creery, Morrill of Vermont, Pool, Robertson, and
Stockton—8. „
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Cameron, Car-
penter, CoJe, Conkling, Corbett, Drake, Fenton,
(iilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Kellogg,
McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Itiee, Itoss, Saw-
yer, Seott, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Trum-
bull, Warner, "Willey, and Wilson—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Buckingham, Cattell, Chandler, Cragip, Davis, M-
munds. Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton ofMary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Jlawell, Lewi?,
Morrill of Maine. Morton, Norton, Patterson, Pratt.
Ramsey, Revels, Sautsbury,. Sehurz, Sherman,
Spra&ue, Thurman, Tipton, Viekers, Wilkams, and
Y utes—33.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama, adding the name of John C. Fremont to
the list of the incorporators reported by the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WARNER. I ask for the yeas aud
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall votenay," be-
cause it is putting us in a false position to vote
"yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. A me-. Bayard, Cole, Corbett,
Drake. JJamlin, Harris, Kellogg, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Pool, Itobertson, Speneer, Stockton, Warner, ana
"Willey—li3.
NAYS—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter,
Ca«scrly, Conkting, Fenton, Gilbert, Harlan, How-
ard, J ohnston, McUreory, McDonald, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Iliec,_ Ross, Sawyer, Stowari, Sumner,
TnimbuU. and Wilson—21.
ABSliXT—Mexsis. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
BuoklnVnam, CaUell, Chamtiei, Cragin, Bavin F.d-
lnuud-., Fciry.t Luiagan, Fo%\ ier, Hamilton ol Mary-
