1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
so obvious, carry through Congress this ques-
tion in reference to the eight-hour law. Let
the eight-hour law stand or fall upon its own
merits. I think it is improper to mix up that
question with the question of the appropri-
ations. If it be right to appropriate this money
for the purposes indicated let us appropriate it
without any delay. If it be not right, let the
bill be rejected ; let Congress decide that the
appropriation ought not to be made. But, sir,
I object to complicating a question of appro-
priation with this question as to the eight-hour
law, which is a question that must necessarily
be debated in Congress at very great length,
and upon which there is a great diversity of
opinion. For that reason, without undertaking
to say that I will not vote to repeal the eight-
hour law when the proposition is distinctly
made, without expressing any opinion on that
proposition, I shall vote against this amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from
Vermont will withdraw this amendment and
let us act on the bill as it came from the com-
mittee, and then we can act at some future
time upon the proposition that he has made to
repeal the eight-hour law. 1 do not think that
measure ought to be attached to this bill. If
it is, I for one shall not vote for the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
one suggestion to the Senator from Vermont.
The eight-hour law applies to the whole ser-
vice of the country; to the labor employed in
all departments of the Government, as I under-
stand. Now, his amendment would operate
only upon the labor employed in these two
bureaus of a particular Department of the Gov-
ernment. Therefore, I submit the remedy is
very inadequate, and would be so partial as to
be offensive, it seems to me, to the public
service.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is my pur-
pose to call up the bill in relation to this sub-
ject at the earliest possible moment. I know
this amendment only reaches a part; but it
reaches the major part, and it reaches a part
where the deficiency has probably occurred in
consequence of a misinterpretation of the law.
I do not admit that we have at the present
moment any law by which the price of ten
hours should be paid for eight hours' work. I
shall therefore decline to withdraw the amend-
ment, but ask to have a vote upon it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not distinctly hear
the amendment when it was read, but I im-
agine, from the discussion which has taken place
upon it, that I shall be compelled to vote against
it and against the bill if theamendment should
be put upon it. I ask that the Clerk may read
the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to insert at the end of
the proviso the following:
At 110 higher rate of wages than is paid for like
services as to time and amount by private eitizons
in the respective localities.
Mr. CASSERLY. I infer, and I believe it
is not at all denied by the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] who moved the amend-
ment, that its object is to enforce as to this
particular bill the views against the eight-hour
law held by him and presented by him some
time ago to this body in a speech carefully
prepared, showing evidences of much thought,
and, without flattery to the Senator, presenting
the argument on that side with as much ability
as I have seen anywhere. So understanding
the amendment, I am opposed to it. I deny
the propriety of presenting a question of so
much magnitude in this manner npon a side
issue. Upon that single ground I shall vote
against the amendment. But this is not all.
I shall vote against it also on general
grounds. 1 do not agree with the Senator
from Vermont in his view of the very import-
ant feature of the labor question involved in
the eight-hour law. I thiflk the principle of
that law right, though I shall not now discuss
it. At some proper time hereafter I shall en-
deavor to state my views fully. I hope then
to demonstrate that the eight-hour system has
nothing in it productive of the evils which
have been attributed to it; that fairly tried—
and by fairly tried I mean tried upon a suffi-
cient scale and for a sufficient length of time
and in a proper disposition—it will do much
good and not harm; that it will inflict no more
injury upon the industrial or the business
interests of the country than the reduction
made in our own time of the hours of labor
from twelve to ten hours a day. It will be
cause of regret if, by a vote of this body with-
out any discussion of the Bubject, the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont shall be
fastened upon this bill; because the effect will
be obviously to commit the Senate, almost
without a word said, to a particular view of
this very important and interesting question,
and that view an erroneous one and against
the convictions of the workingmen ot the
country.
I understood the Senator from New York
[Mr. Conkling] to state as a ground in favor
of the amendment that it presented merely
the same view of the law as that given by the
Attorney General in his opinion. I have not
had the advantage of reading the opinion of
the Attorney General, and I am not prepared
to say whether the law as it stands is or is not
to be so construed. If it is, it should be al-
tered ; but whether it is or not I am against
making a law now which will be a wrong.
For that reason I shall vote against this amend-
ment. For the reasons which I have very
briefly and imperfectly stated I trust it will not
be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the Senator
from Maine, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr.. SCOTT. Before the roll-call com-
mences I desire to inquire does the amend-
ment propose to affect only the disbursement
of the money contained in this appropriation
bill, or does it apply to all operations?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It affects
only the moneys appropriated in this appro-
priation bill.
Mr. SCOTT. Then permit me to inquire,
as I am not familiar with the rules, whether,
being an amendment to an appropriation bill,
it can be received without having been first
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
under the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is an
amendment to an amendment pending, and
is not an amendment for the appropriation of
money.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to present this
point of order: whether it is in older to offer
an amendment to an appropriation bill fixing
the rate of wages in the navy-yards 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is in
order, as understood by the Chair.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Mesers. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Iiavis, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert, Harris. Howard,
Howe, Howell, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Patterson, Pratt, Kice, Boss, Schnrz, Scott,
Sherman, Sumner, Tipton, and Trumbull—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Casserly, Cole, Cragin,
Drake, Fenton, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Morton. Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Thayer, Thurman, Viekera, Warner, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Conkling,
Corbett, Hamilton, Hamlin. Harlan, MoCreery, Nor-
ton, Pool. Ramsey, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague, Stew-
art, Stockton, and Yates—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. BAYARD. This debate has developed
that which I have often considered a defect in
our system of government, and that is the ab-
sence of the Cabinet officer from the floor of
Congress, where he could explain the reasons
for his proposed measures as they came up. J
think it is a defect that should be remedied, if
it could be, very much to the advantage of
legislation. The Cabinet officer for whose De-
partment these appropriations are asked should
be here to account to us and give the reasons
why such great expenditures have been made in
so much shorter a time than the law prescribed.
It seems to me that there is great irregularity
in the whole of this matter ; that a bill appro-
priating some four millions of money should be
passed here in the Senate without the examin-
ation, as I understand, of the appropriate
committee of the body to consider the subject.
Here I am compelled to take issue with the
honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mor-
ton,] and it seems to me that there is a fallacy
in his reasoning, which I submit to him with
due respect. I understood the honorable Sen-
ator to say that because a certain sum wns
appropriated or estimated for appropriation
during a current year, and it was spent in three
months of that year, non constat that it was
not wisely spent. That certainly should be so;
but he must go a step further. He says that
when the appropriation has been exhausted
the presumption is that it has been wisely
spent; but when it is asked to be increased,
then you should have not assumptions that it
has been wisely spent, but reasons why the pro-
posed increase is a proper one to be asked. If
the reasoning be that the rapid, the unexpect-
edly rapid expenditure of an appropriation is
a matter of wisdom in presumption, I do not see
that the presumption should not equally apply
that no more should be needed for the time
for which that appropriation had been made.
It is plain that this legislation of declaring
now that more is needed is directly in the teeth
of your legislation of a year ago that this was
a proper amount as estimated by competent
authority for the work of the entire twelve
months. I think, therefore, that as the appro-
priation is an unusual one, as the appropria-
tion is one that is certainly in contradiction of
the estimates for the present year, it should
undergo all that scrutiny that regular Govern-
ment appropriations do undergo in the course
of legislation, and that it should not be passed
in this rapid and uncontested manner.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move that this joint resolu-
tion be passed over informally for the purpose
of allowing the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter,] who desires to address the Sen-
ate to-day, to have an opportunity to do so now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts proposes that this joint
resolution be laid aside informally for the pur-
pose of giving the Senator from Wisconsin an
opportunity to address the Senate. Is there
any objection ? The Chair hears no objection.
The joint resolution is laid aside informally.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
467) to repeal section four of the apt of March
3, 1869, entitled " An act in relation to addi-
tional bounties, and for other purposes," and
for other purposes, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
hayden's geological survey.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following concurrent resolution,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
Retolvtd, (the Senate concurring therein,) That
there bo printed seven thousand extra copies ot i •
V. Hayden's " Field Report of Geological Survey ot
Colorado and New Mexico;" two thousand of whicn
shall be filed forthe use of the Senate, andnve thou-
sand for the use of the House.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President: .
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 27) authorizing
