4776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23.
land, Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Howell, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Patterson, Pratt,
Ramsey, Revels, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Scott, Sherman,
Spruguc, Thayer, Thurman, Tipton, Viekeis, Wil-
liams, and Yates—35.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. FENTON. I ask my friend from Ne-
vada to accept an amendment to add the name
of General William S. Rosecrans to the list.
Mr. NYE. I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada will be so
modified. The question is on the amendment
c.;' the Senator from Nevada, as modified.
The question was put; and the amendment
was declared to be agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill
by striking out 
Mr. TRCJMBULL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the last vote. I think we ought to put
ourselves right on the record.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 think so too.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have just voted
against inserting the name of General Fre-
mont, and I do not want to appear on the rec-
oi d in that way. I would rather have my name
recorded in favor of putting his name in the
bill.
Several Senators. That is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Nevada,
on which the yeas and nays are asked.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow, Cam-
eron, Carpenter. Casserly, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Drake, l<Vnton, Gilbert. Hamlin. Ilarlon, Johnston,
Kelloeg, McCreery, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont,
.Nyo. Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Stewart. Stockton,
liuniiicr, Thayer, Trumbull, Willcy, and Wilson—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Harris, Howard, Osborn, Pool,
tveoc.er. and Warner—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Boe'nnKhora, Cattcll, Chandler, Cragm,. Davis,
-Kdmumis, Kerry, I'lanayan, i'owler, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, IJowe. Howell. Lewis,
Morrill ot Maine, Morton,Norton, Patterson, 1'om-
eroy, Pratt, liamsey, Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Mr-hm-7, Bherman, Sprague, Thurman, Tipton, Vick-
Kcburz, - 
ors, V/iIhams, and Yates-
-33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend, in the
forty-ninth line of the (irst section, by striking
out the words " four feet eight and one half
iuclies" and inserting " five feel;" so that the
gauge of the road shall be five feet instead of
four feet eight and one half inches.
Mr. STEWART. 1 suggest that we had bet-
ter strike out the clause, and say nothing about
the gauge.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not see, sir, why that
amendment should be made. I have heard in
such a way as to lead me to believe it is enti-
tled to credence, heard it from an officer high
in command in the Army of the United States
during the rebellion, that he learned a fact
through a man connected with the railroad
system of the South almost from its beginning,
that it was arranged upon a gauge different
from the northern roads as a means and instru-
mentality toward the then coming rebellion,
that the South knew. I do not believe now
in voting for a transcontinental road that is to
have no connection with northern roads, and
have connection only with southern roads. If
that amendment is put upon the bill I shall
vote against it.
Mr. SAWYER. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from Missouri that there is a similar con-
spiracy down in the State of Maine, where the
Atlantic and Montreal railroad is put on a
different gauge from the rest of the roads of
the State of Maine. I will also suggest to him
that i f his proposition carries, and we are com-
pelled to make this road with a gauge of four
leet eight and a half inches, it ceases to be a
road in which the southern people can have
the slightest possible interest. There is but
one State south of Mason and Dixon's line
which has any railroad that is of a gauge of
four feet eight and a half inches. The State
of Kentucky has some four or five hundred
miles of four feet eight and a half inch gauge
railroad, while there are five hundred miles
at least of railroad in the State of Kentucky
of five feet gauge, and all the other States of
the South have a gauge of five feet.
Now, if the Congress of the United States
mean to give the South a Pacific railroad and
not enable it to make connection with the rail-
roads of the South, I have to say, Mr. Presi-
dent, and I speak the sentiments of the South
when I say, we do not thank you for such gen-
erosity. We want a railroad -which shall truly
be a southern Pacific railroad; not that we
may be isolated from the rest of the country,
but we insist that you shall not isolate us from
the rest of the country by bringing nominally
to ns a railroad which really leads to New
York or to Boston.
Mr. CAMERON. Iam very much sui prised
at the remarks of the Senator from South Car-
olina. He says this is not providing for a
southern railroad. I do not want any gauge
fixed in this bill at all. I think it would be
unwise to fix it in the law. I would leave that
matter to the company. I balievc that in a
few years every gauge in the South will be
changed, or else every guage in the North will
be changed, and we shall come together. But
the Senator from Missouri is right. One of
the arrangements for the rebellion was that
the southern roads should have such a gauge
that the northern people could not go down
South and take them. There is no doubt about
that. But, sir, this matter ought to be left to
the company; their engineers will fix the
proper gauge.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will modify my amend-
ment by moving to strike out the entire sentence
from line forty-five to fifty, and let the company
settle it for themselves. I wish to say here in
reply to what has peen said on the subject, that
I am voting for a southern railroad to the
Pacific, for the purpose of accommodating the
people of that section of the country; and i
choose in this matter to trust them, and to fol-
low their wishes. I suppose those who are to
organize this road will know what will bo for
the interest of the road, and of the section of
country it is intended to benefit.
Mr. SCOTT. When the question of the
gauge of this road has been incidentally men-
tioned heretofore 1 have regretted that the
question was started whether this was to be a
southern railroad. When we areincorporating
a transcontinental railroad it is not a question
of whether it is a northern or a southern rail-
road. It is a national railroad that we are
incorporating ; and this amendment involves a
change of national policy in this respect.
The motive that is held out to the Govern-
ment for- extending aid in the construction of
these railroads is, that whenever the road<s shall
be so required they shall be used by the Gov-
ernment for military purposes. Looking to
that question in the legislation heretofore upon
the subject, the national policy lias been fixed
by the enactment in 1804 of the gauge of four
feet eight and a half inches for the Pacific rail-
road and all its branches, so that cars could
run continuously from the Missouri river to the
Pacific coast.
Now, sir, if this gauge of road is changed,
it virtually deprives the Government, if ever
necessity should arise for it, of the use of a
continuous line of national railroads. A little
incident occurred during the late rebellion, or
very nearly at its close, which illustrates the
importance of having all the railroads of the
country upon one gauge. The circumstance
was this: when General Grant arrived at
Petersburg he sent his troops forward, direct-
ing the supplies to be sent after them. The
cars started from City Point to run to Peters-
burg, and when they reached Petersburg and
started thence to Burksville, it was found that
they could go no further on account of the
change of the road to a five feet gauge. _ Instead
of sending on his whole army as he had intended
to do he had to divert a portion of it to change
the gauge of the railroad, and that part which
had gone forward had to remain for several
days without supplies; and thus his operations
were interrupted.
While it may be said that this will deprive
the South of connection with this railroad at
this time, it is well known that a change is going
on in the railroads of the country, and that all
are gradually coming to this gauge of four feet
eight and a half inches, or four feet nine inches,
as they term the compromise gauge. Fifty-six
inches is now being adopted as the gauge of
very nearly all the railroads in England and
this country, and all railroad men agree that
eventually that will be the gauge upon which
the roads will be run.
The inconvenience was so greatin England,
about 1816 or 1847, of having about two hun-
dred and forty miles of railroad in the whole
kingdom on a different gauge from the rest,
that a commission was appointed to inquire
into the necessity of adopting a uniform gauge;
and that uniform gauge was adopted.
This, then, is not a question of North and
South, but it is a national question. If the
policy of the Government is to be carried out
to use these roads as military roads whenever
national necessities require, the policy already
adopted of enacting four feet eight and a half
inches for the Union Pacific and all branches
of the road ought to be adhered to in this case.
It is not simply a question of connection with
southern railroads, but it is a national ques-
tion, and one the importance of which, if we
are ever so unfortunate as to encounter trouble
cither North or South such as wehave had here-
tofoie in the history of the country, may then
be demonstrated.
I think Senators ought not to become so
much excited over a question of this kind,
when they are asking for the incorporation of
a great transcontinental railway and thegrant
of lands by the Government, as to say to those
who desire to see this enterprise successful
that unless we change the national policy and
say that the gauge of this road shall be five
feet, instead of fifty-six inches, they do not
thank us for the grant. There has been a
time, sir, when that region of the country con-
gratulated itself because it had a different
gauge of railroad, so that northern locomo-
tives and northern cars could not penetrate
that country ; and it may be well for that por-
tion of the country to look upon this question
as a national question instead of a sectional
question, and not to sayin the Senate that the
South docs not thank the North for a grant of
land to build a railroad in southern latitudes.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I do not
wish to be misunderstood in this matter, but I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to one
fact. Build this railroad with a gauge of
four feet eight and a half inches to Marshall,
Texas, and connect it there with a road from
that point to St. Louis, or any other point north
to which a railroad is built with a four feet
eight and a half inch gauge, and can any Sen-
ator doubt that all tlse freight that conies across
the continent will go to New York, if it can go
straight forward on the four feet eight and a
half inch gauge to New York, and has to break
bulk in order to be transported to Charleston
or Savannah? Does not every Senator here
see that the inevitable tendency of that policy
wiil be to cut off from the commerce of the
Pacific entirely those States whose railroads
are on the five feet gauge?
Those railroads of the South are not able in
their present condition, and are not likely to
be able at present—certainly not if you require
this Southern Pacific railroad to be of four feet
eight and a half inch gauge—to change the
gauge of their roads. Tlie large northern rail-
road companies which have become rich by
absorbing all the traffic of the country can well
afford to put down an additional rail to run
