1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the committee, at the request of the late Ser-
geant-at-Arms. It was advanced to him in
good faith, and upon his representations that
the committee were under the necessity of
using the money. He obtained advances to a
considerable amount from that bank, which he
has not yet made good to the bank. This is a
balance which is justly and fairly due to that
bank.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. From the
Sergeant-at-Arms ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Was it made for
the uses of the committee?
Mr. HOWARD. It was obtained by the late
Sergeant-at-Arinsfrom the bank, he represent-
ing to them that it was for the use of the com-
mittee. I cannot state that the money advanced
by the bank to him was advanced at the request
of the committee. He took upon himself, very
properly, undoubtedly, the business of raising
some money to pay the expenses of that com-
mittee, and the bank advanced to him from
time to time to the amount of a little more than
$7,000. It has all been refunded to the bank
with the exception of the small sum mentioned
in the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Sergeant-
at-Arms raised the money for any reason or any
cause for the uses of the committee and with
their approbation, and it was so used, I do not
see that it is not perhaps fairly a charge against
the Government, and may properly come in this
bill; but if it was raised by the Sergeant-at-Arms
on the representation that it was for the com-
mittee, and was never so appropriated to the
committee, I suggest to the Senator from Mich-
igan whether he would think in that case that
the Government would be liable ?
Mr. HOWARD. All I can say in reply is
that the committee passed all the accounts of
the late Sergeant-at-Arms for services, mileage,
and travel required by the committee. He
had been previously obtaining from this bank,
under such representations as I have stated,
money, as he said, for the use of this commit-
tee, and this is the balance which is due from
him to that bank, obtained upon such repre-
sentations. I leave it to the Senate entirely
to act as they shall see fit in the premises.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Would this be a
fair balance due from your committee to him?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not so consider it.
Mr. SHERMAN". I should like to ask the
Senator a question which determines the whole
matter. Hid the Sergeant-at-Arms report in
his accounts the amount of money lie had re-
ceived from the bank as part of the money
received on behalf of the committee?
Mr. HOWARD. I am notable to say whether
in his report he charged himself with the money
whieh he obtained from the bank.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will test the whole
matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems to
me very clear that this is not a claim that
ought to go on this bill. It is a case of defal-
cation manifestly; andif the Sergeant-at-Arms
gave bonds, his bondsmen are responsible for
it. I take it the Senate will not vote to pay a
claim of this kind. The bank has no possi-
ble claim upon anybody but the Sergeant-at-
Arms. If the Sergeant-at-Arms had wanted
money for any legal purpose, he could have
obtained it at the Treasury. Why go to a
bank at all ?
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will see at
once that the official bond of the late Sergeant-
at-Arms would not cover such a case as this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It ought to.
Mr. HOWARD. It does not, because he is
bound only by liis bond to discharge his duties
faithfully. He was acting, undoubtedly, for the
accommodation of the committee in obtaining
the money from the bank. I have stated the
whole ease as I understand it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The bond
would cover it if the money had been taken
from the Treasury and used wrongfully and
there was any deficiency.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will excuse
me. It is undoubtedly true, as I have the best
reason to believe, that the officers of the bank
supposed they were advancing the money to
the late Sergeant-at-Arms upon the credit of
the Government,'and not upon his credit. I
have no doubt about that. Now, the question
is whether we shall make them good.
Mr. POMEROY. What is the amount?
Mr. HOWARD. Only $1,600.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me that this
is a mere matter of business, and it can be
settled in this way: let the accounts- of the
Sergeant-at-Arms be examined, and if he has
received credit in his settlement with the Gov-
ernment, of course we have nothing to do with
it. I take it for granted that he has received
credit. In presenting his accounts for settle-
ment he has his vouchers. The vouchers are
the certificates of the chairman of the commit-
tee ; and that closes the matter.
Mr. HOWARD. I will withdraw my amend-
ment for a moment, and I will look more care-
fully into his accounts on file.
Mr. TRUMB DLL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment which, I suppose, would properly come in
at the end of the appropriations for the Inte-
rior Department, on page 40. Perhaps, how-
ever, it would come in more appropriately
immediately after the appropriations for the
Interior Department proper, on page 35; and I
therefore move to insert after line eight hun-
dred and fifty-one the following:
For completing the survey of tho Colorado of the
West and its tributaries under the direction of Pro-
fessor Powell, $12,000, to be expended under tho
direction of the Secretary of tho Interior.
I send to the desk a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior which will explain the
matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The letter
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
depaittnnxt or the Interior,
Wasiungtos, D. C., May 21,1870.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a communication, dated the 20th instant, from
Captain J. W. PoweiIt requesting me to submit to
Congress an estimate ot appropriations to the amount
of $12,000 to enable him " to prosecute to completion
tho geological and topographical oxploration of the
Colorado river and its tributaries."
This enterprise i3 deeincd by this Department to
be worthy of tho assistance of the Government, and
meets the approval of tho Executive. A long time
must necessarily elapse before said river will have
been reached by public surveys, and it is important
that its geographical localityshould.be accuratcly
determined The amount asked for' is considered
reasonable for tho purposes contemplated, and tho
same will he economically expended. The enter-
prise will have the aid ot several scientific societies
of the country, who will send naturalists, &c., at no
expense to the Government, to accompany the expe-
dition.
I recommend tho subjeet to tho favorable consider-
ation of your honorable committee, and would re-
spectfully suggest that should the money asked for
be appropriated the same raav bo placed at the con-
trol of this Department, to be disbursed under its
direction, as requested by Captain Powell.
I am, sir, very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
J. I). COX, Secretary.
Hon. L. M. Morrill, Chairman Committee on Appro-
priation*, United States Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the Sen-
ator should make some explanation of the
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the Secre-
tary's letter explained it fully.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, sir, if the
Senator is satisfied I will not object.
Sir. TRUMBULL. I suspect the Senator
from Maine did not listen to the Secretary's
letter. It has been read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I heard tho
letter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is explained more
fully in a letter of Professor Henry, and also
in a letter of Captain Powell, and if the Sen-
ator wishes to hear more about it those letters
can be read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. T think there has
been some appropriation to this object before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. lean state how thatwas.
A year ago, I think, under a resolution passed
by Congress, some facilities were granted to
this expedition from the quartermaster find
cgmmissary departments. I think there was
no direct appropriation. This gentleman asks
no appropriation to himselfatall. This money
is to pay an astronomer and topographer, some
persons to be sent along with him for the pur-
pose of determining the geology and the topog-
raphy of this unexplored region of country.
Professor Powell has made a report of his
former observations. If tho Senate desire it,
by reading one or two letters that I have here
they will be in possession of everything in con-
nection with it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to an amendment on page 42,
line ten hundred and twelve, in the clause
making appropriations for " surveyors general
and their clerks," covering some fifteen or
twenty lines. I think the Secretary of the
Interior has written a" letter recommending
that certain amendments be made in that
clause. Last night the chairman caused an
amendment to be made, commencing two or
three lines below the line desij nated, and I
think, inadvertently perhaps, forgot to make
the amendment requested by the Secretary of
the Interior in his letter in line ten hundred
and twelve. I desire that that should be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. KELLOGG. Line ten hundred and
twelve, in the appropriations for tho office of
the]surveyor general of Louisiana, reads, "For
clerks in his office, $1,200." It should read,
" For clerks in his olHco, $2,500." That is the
amendment recommended by the Secretary
of the Interior for the clerks in the office of
the surveyor general of Louisiana. I move,
therefore, to strike out "ยง1,200" and insert
"$2,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 16 I
wish to specify the pay to each person enumer-
ated in one item. In line three hundred and
eighty.-two, after " assistant supervising archi-
tect," I move to insert "at$2,800;" and alter
" chief clerk" to insert "at $2,000."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That does not read right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Willey
in the chair.) It will be reported.
The Chief Cleric. It is proposed to amend
the clause so as to read:
For supervising architect; assistant supervising
architect at $2,800, chief clerk at $2,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that reads
badly. It puts down $2,800 for the supervising
architect and assistant supervising architect,
without defining clearly which is to have that
salary. Which is it ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The assistant.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What does the super-
vising architect get?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Three thousand
dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Put it in that way and
it will read right.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let that correc-
tion be made. The object is to avoid any mis-
apprehension as to what the salaries are. The
clause should read, "Supervising architect,
$3,000; assistant supervising architect, 82,800;
chief clerk, $2,000; photographer, $2,500." 1
move to amend it in that way.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to amend an
amendment that has been agreed to in com-
mittee. I suppose that it is not strictly in order;
but it may be done now as well as at any other
time if there be no objection. I move, in sec-
tion seventeen, on page GG_of the new bill, to
strike out, in line two, the "words "the close
of the present fiscal year," and insert "the 1st
day of July, 1870."
