1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
rebellions, and insurrections of the last fifty
eventful years.
But since the Senator from Massachusetts
lias made the broad assertion that the history
of this act shows it to have been intended only
for a specific purpose, I desire to call particular
attention to this history for the purpose of
showing that it proves exactly the reverse.
Undoubtedly the then existing rebellion of her
South American colonies against Spain directed
the attention of Congress to the subject. The
murder of Abel by his brother was followed by
the command, " Thou shalt not kill." But it
would be an unlawyerlike inference to hold that
therefore the command was limited to that case.
The acts which were passed during the nullifica-
tion troubles in South Carolina for removal of
causes from State to Federal courts were un-
doubtedly inspired by those troubles. But they
were general laws, and still remain in force,
and have been applied in the State of Wiscon-
sin within the last twelve months in a case
where the State court refused to make a return
to the Federal court. Similar laws were passed
in 1866 and 1867, to provide for cases in the
rebel States; but they are general laws and are
being executed in every State in the Union.
And a careful examination of the history of
this neutrality law will demonstrate that it was
intended to be, and is, a general law,%pplica-
ble to all cases falling within its plain pro-
visions.
The matter was brought to the attention of
Congress by a special message from the Pres-
ident, Mr. Madison, on the 26th of December,
1816, as follows:
To the Senate and
House of -Representatives of the United States :
It is found that the existing laws have not the
efficacy necessary to prevent violations of the obli-
gations of the United States as a nation at peace
toward belligerent parties and other unlawful acts
on the high seas, by armed vessels equipped within
the waters of the United States.
With a view to maintain more effectually the
respect due to the laws, to the character, and to the
neutral and pacific relations of the United States, I
recommend to the consideration of Congress the ex-
pediency of such further legislative provisions as may
be requisite for detaining vessels actually equipped
or in a course of equipment, with a warlike force
within the jurisdiction of the United States; or, as
the ease may be, for obtaining from the owners or
commanders of such vessels adequate securities
against the abuse of their armaments, with the ex-
ceptions in such provisions proper for the cases of
merchant vessels furnished with the defensive arm-
aments usual on distant and dangerous expeditions,
and of a private commerce in military stores per-
mitted by our laws, and which the law of nations
does not require the United States to prohibit.
JAMES MADISON.
DfcCEXBKs 26.1816.
It will be observed that this message made
no mention of particular cases, bat complained
of the general defects of our neutrality laws.
In the debates upon the bill passed in 1818,
which is now in force, which embodied the act
of 1817, Mr. Clay assailed the act of 1817, and
said it had been teased from the Government,
and was calculated to favor Spain. To this
Mr. Forsyth, who had charge of the bill in the
House, replied as follows:
" The origin of this act had been imputed to the
teasing of eertain foreign agents near the United
States. That the message of President Madison,
recommending that act [the aot of 1817] was in conse-
quence of the representations of foreign ministers,
Mr. Forsyth said he was ready to admit, not of reit-
erated importunities, but of a performance of their
daty to their Governments.by remonstrating against
violations by citizens of the United States of obliga-
tions which we owe, not to any one nation, bat
equally to all. A remonstrance had been made by
tho Portuguese minister, a garbled representation
of which had been published. A similar state of
facts had been made fiy theministerof Great Britain;
another by the minister of France. Ail the foreign
ministers here had, in short, represented that citi-
zens of the United States engaged in cruises in
patriot vessels, as they were called, fitted from o r
porta, committed depredations on the commerce of
England, France, and Spain."—Annals of Congress,
volume two, first session Fifteenth Congress, 1408,
Thus it will be seen that while the revolu-
tions against Spain induced the action of Con-
gress, the laws passed were not intended to be
confined to any particular cases, but to apply
to all nations alike.
Bearing in mind the precise position of the
Senator from Massachusetts, that this statute
having been passed to meet the particular case
of the South American revolutions is inappli-
i i cable to any other case, let us see how this act
; has been understood and applied by the execu-
j tive and judicial departments.
! In February, 1822, the Supreme Court, in
the case of the Gran Para, applied the law to
a ship fitted out to commit hostilities under
the Artigan flag against Portugal, and the prize
taken by the vessel was restored to Portugal.
(5 Curtis, 302.)
In the diplomatic correspondence between
, the United States and Portugal in 1817 the
Secretary of State transmitted to the Portu-
! guese minister a copy of the act of 1817 as
evidence that the United States intended to
preserve honest neutrality between Portugal
and her revolted provinces.
In 1832, in the case of the United States vs.
Quincy, the Supreme Court applied the act of
1818 to a vessel fitted out to cruise in the ser-
vice of Buenos Ayres against Brazil. (10 Cur-
tis, 189.)
During the war between Texas and Mexico,
in which Texas was struggling to achieve her i
independence, the Attorney General delivered j
and published an opinion declaring that it would i
be a violation of this act to fit out vessels of j
war in the United States to be employed in j
the service of Mexico against Texas. j
In 1848 the United States applied the act i
of 1818 to a vessel purchased in New York !
for the German fleet, during the war with Den- !
mark, and required a bond before permitting
the vessel to sail. |
In 1850 Lopez was arrested under this act j
for his famous expedition to liberate Cuba;
and although he was discharged for want of
evidence to convict him, no one pretended that
the act did not apply if the fact8 could be
established.
In 1855 the Maury was detained by the
United States in New York harbor, oil the
charge made by the British minister that the
vessel was designed to become a privateer in
the service of Russia against Great Britain-
She was afterward released for want of proof
to sustain the charge.
In November, 1857, Walker was arrested
under this act for setting on foot an expedition
against Central Americ%; and in 1858, when
Walker was fitting out another expedition
against the same country, the President issued
a proclamation denouncing it as a violation of
the neutrality law of the United States.
In 1855, during the war between Great Brit-
ain and Russia, this act was enforced; the
Attorney General delivering his opinion that
British consuls and the British minister might
be excelled from the country for violating its
provisions; and the President sent his pass-
port to the British minister, Mr. Crampton;
and the Secretary of State wrote to our min-
ister at London that the United States had
suffered a grievous wrong, but would be satis-
fied to be relieved of the presence of Mr.
Crampton, and he was recalled.
Mr. Marcy, Secretary of State, in his com-
munication to Mr. Crampton, the British min-
ister, April 28, 1854, says:
"Thelaws of this country impose severe restric-
tions, not only upon its own citizens, but upon all
persons^ who may be residents within any of tho
territories of the Unitod States, against equipping
privateers, receiving commissions, or enlisting men
therein, for the purpose of taking a part in any for-
eign war.
In 1866 this act was applied to the Fenian
raid upon Canada.
Thus it appears that, as matter of fact, the
acts of 1817 and 1818 have been applied by the
executive and judicial branches of the Gov-
ernment to every war and rebellion that has
existed since those acts were passed. And yet,
according to the opinion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, this law has been wholly inap-
plicable to all those cases. The bold assertion
of the Senator is contradicted by the opinions
of our various Attorneys General, the decisions
of our courts, by our diplomatic correspond-
ence, and the history of the country for fiftJ
years. ^
But a more conclusive argument, if it be
possible, remains to be considered. In 1838
during the patriot rebellion in Canada, the ae 
of 1818 was treated as being in force and was
applied in many cases. But it was found to
j; be insufficient to prevent our people from tak-
ing part on the side of the patriots. Congress
therefore thought it fit and proper to legislate
for this "specific purpose." The actof March
10,1838, was enacted to meet the case. Now
, by turning to this act (5 Statutes-a't-Large'
212) it will be found how an act designed lor
| a " specific purpose" was framed :
Chap. 31.—An act supplementary to an act cnti
tied An act in addition to an act for the punish"
meat of certain crimes against the United Statp*
and to repeal the acts therein mentioned "
proved 20th April, 1818. a' ap"
| Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem
| bled. That the several collectors, naval officers sur
! veyors, inspectors of customs, the marshals' and
deputy marshals of the United States, and everv
other officer who may be especially empowered for
the purpose by the President of the United States
I shall be, and they are hereby, respectively author-
| ized and required to seize and detain any vessel or
any arms or munitions of war which may be provided
or prepared for any military expedition or enter-
prise against the territory or dominions of any for-
eign prince or State, or of any colony, district or
people conterminous with the United States and
with whom they are at peace, contrary to the sixth
section of the act passed on the 20th of April, 1818
entitled "An act in addition to the act for the' pun-
ishmeet of certain crimes against the United States
and to repeal the acts therein mentioned," and retain
possession of the same until the decision of the Pres-
ident be had thereon, or until the same shall be
released, as hereinafter directed.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted. That the several
officers mentioned in the foregoing section shall be,
and they are hereby, respectively authorized and
required to seize any vossel or vehicle, and all arms
or munitions of war, about to pass tho frontier of the
United Statesfor any place withinany foreign Stateor
colony, conterminous with the United States, where
the character of the vessel or vehicle, and the auan-
tity of arms and munitions, or other circumstances,
shall furnish probable cause to believe that thesaia
vessol or vehiclc or munitions of war are intended
to be employed by the owner or owners thereof, or
any other person or persons, with his or their privity,
in carrying on anymilitary expedition or operations
within tho territory or dominions of any foreign
prince or State, or any eolony, district, or people con-
terminous with tho United States, and with whom
the United States are at peace, and detain the same
until the decision of tho President be had for the
restoration of the same, or until such property shall
be discharged by the judgment of a court of compe-
tent jurisdiction : Provided, That nothing in this act
contained shall be construed to extend to or inter-
fere with any trade in arms or munitions of war,
conducted in vessels by seawith any foreign port or
place whatsoever, or with any other trade which
might have been lawfully carried on before the pas-
sage of this act, under the law of nations and the
provisions of the act hereby amended.
* ♦ * # * * *
Skc. 9. And be it further enacted. That this act
shall continue in force for the period of two years
and no longer.
Approved, March 10,1838.
1. The subject-matter of the act is limited
by the phrase " conterminous with the United
States."
2. The act itself provides that it shall " con-
tinue in force for the period of two years, and
no longer."
Now, sir, there are two well-settled canons
for the interpretation of statutes recognized
by all courts and all legal writers. First, the
construction put upon a statute by the depart-
ments of the Government charged with its exe-
cution for a series of years, during which the
act has remained unchanged, is conclusive of
its legal effect, because it is presumed that il
such construction had not been according to
the intent ion of the Legislature the act would
have been changed. Second, two or more acts
in pari materia are to be construed together,
each aiding to the interpretation of the other.
These rules are conclusive of this subject.
The history of the act of 1818, its uniform con-
struction and uninterrupted operation for more
than fifty years, and the fact that in one case
where Congress did intend to legislate for a
"specific purpose" it did so in apt and spe-
