4778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
to reconcile those gentlemen who could not at
lirst adopt the territorial theory. So "terri-
torial" is softened into "provisional,'' "en-
abling" into " reconstructive," and "admis-
sion" into "restoration." Whatever some
persons may think, or however illogical they
may reason upon the subject, the meaning is the
same and the assumption of power the same,
it is true that in dealing with these States we
have not always exercised all the authority
claimed undertliis theory. We have sometimes
adopted governments which we did not author-
ize and called them provisional, and once
admitted a State with a constitut ion which was
not made in pursuance of congressional author-
ity; but the same irregularity has occurred in
territoiial history.
Arkansas was originally admitted without
an enabling act, and California without either
an organizing or enabling act. These omis-
sions are always supplied by legalizing the un-
authorized acts of the people ; but the act of
admission, the act by which a territorial or
piovisional government is converted into a
State government, never has, and, unless we
abandon our whole political theory, never can
be omitted. Our theory, then, requires that
ati act of admission or restoration should be
passed at some time for the State of Georgia.
On this side of the House, I suppose, we all
agree about that.
For lhis purpose a bill has been presented
by the proper committee. This bill is opposed,
not particularly 011 account of its form, not at
all on account of its purpose, not because
Georgia is not now prepared for admission,
but because it is claimed that the State was
admitted more than a year ago. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] thinks so. lie
is good authority with me, and I suppose I
may say with all gentlemen on this side of
the Chamber.
During the dark period of war and toe trou-
blesome period of reconstruction his brilliant
debate resolved many questions of doubt. I
trust always his honest purpose. But here is
a question of fact. It is not intricate. It is
not even difficult. It all depends upon the
short act of J une 25, 1SGS. If Georgia is not
admitted under that act it is not admitted at
all. Nobody alleges that there is any other
act under which Georgia might claim to have
been restored. That act provides that Georgia
shall be readmitted as a State after her Legis-
lature shall have done two things, to-wit: rati-
fied the fourteenth amendment, and "by sol-
emn act declared" her assent to certain fund-
amental conditions therein named. It is not
claimed that this act admitted the Stale at the
dale of its passage, because it expressly post-
poned admission until after these two things
should be done. But it is claimed that these
things have since been done, and that the doing
of them admitted the State. I presume they
have been done, though the Senate decided
thatthey werenot. But that is not enough. Xhe
facts  .
Air. BEAMAN. When was it the Senate
decided that they had not complied with these
conditions? I he Senate refused to admit Sen-
ators from Georgia because her Legislature
had expelled the colored members of that Le-
gislature. , . ,
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman is only
talking about a fact. I am talking about the
le'fiii result. The Senate decided that there
was not a legal Legislature, and, therefore,
there could be no compliance with the pre-
scribed conditions. That decision was based,
in part at least, upon the fact, stated by the
"■entleman. I will concede ior the sake of t.ie
argument that they were legally done. But
that is not enough. The facts must be adju-
dicated by competent authority. It will not
do lo leave to courts to prove the facts each
ior itself. Some power must decide that the
acts were done, and that decision must pre-
clude all other inquiry. The liiteenth amend-
ment was agteed to by three fourths ut the
States some months ago, but nobody was
authorized to act upon it as the law of the land
until the 30th of March last. Why not? All
the necessary facts to make it a part of the
Constitution existed; but these facts were not
adjudicated by competent authority and the
result announced until then.
So when a State is to be admitted, pfter cer-
tain acts are done, Congress, or somebody
authorized by Congress, must examine and
verify the facts before any such important event
as the admission of a State can be based upon
them. Before that adjudication every one is
at liberty to hold his own opinion upon them
and determine for himself whether the acts are
properly done or not. This is a principle of
universal application in all matters of law.
But it is objected that if this rule is to
prevail the States of North and South Caro-
lina, Alabama, Florida, and Louisiana have
never been admitted. 11 is true that these States
were also required to ratify the fourteenth
amendment, but the law authorized the Presi-
dent to pass upon that fact, and announce the
result by proclamation. That has been done.
The laet upon which admission depended was
thus adjudicated and settled. By the terms of
the act that proclamation admitted these States.
Missouri, Nevada, and Nebraska were admitted
in the same way. Besides, Congress lias twice
recognized the admission of these States, once
by admitting their Representatives and once
by counting their votes for President. Either
one was enough. No particular form is neces-
sary. But Georgia is in quite a different posi-
tion. The act of 1808 required certain things
to bo done in addition lo ratifying the four-
teenth amendment before admission, and no
authority has yet adjudged that these tilings
wore done. The President was not authorized
to decide it, and he did not undertake to do so.
He was authorized to decide and declare the
other i'aet, and did so, but was silent about
this.
But, it is said that the State officers-elect and
the United States military oilicers in Georgia
decided it. It is true that these militaiy oili-
cers did turn over the government to the civil
oflicers-eleet. It is also true that the civil
oilicers assumed the authority and went on
legislating and governing Georgia as a real
State, until Congress passed the act of Decem-
ber 22,1809. They then decided that the State
was net yet admitted, and dropped down from
the supposed full-fledged State to a provisional
condition. Great emphasis is placed upon this
action both here and in the Senate. But what,
has it to do with this question? If a State; can
be, admitted in this way, all the confederate
Slates were admitted some four or five years
ago. Conventions were then culled, constitu-
tions framed, civil oflieers (ducted, and the
government turned over to them by order of
President Johnson. 'They claimed that they
were restored, called themselves States, and
went on legislating and governing its such till
March 2,1807. The President alio claimed that
they were restored, and advised Congress of
the'fact, and also advised them that nothing
remained to be done except for Congress, each
House acting separately and independent of
the other, to admit Senators and Representa-
tives. Congress repudiated this advice. They
solemnly declared on the !T,th of December,
t SG5, that no State could bo admitted or restored
except by act, of Congress. They repeated this
declaration on the 2t)th of February, 18GG, and
again on the 2d of March, 18G7, and in divers
other ways and times intermediate. Why,
then, should we be told here what these gen-
tlemen of Georgia thought and said and did
about this question of admission ? They had
no power over the question. But if they had,
then their reverse decision since the act of
December 22, 1809, would be the authoritative
one. So that the gentlemen are ruled out by
their own citation. Congress is the only body
clot bed with power to determine that question ;
but as yet has nevei actcd upon it.
But it is said that Congress expected that
Georgia would bo admitted under the act of
June 25, 1808, and that the construction which
excludes her is more technical than substan-
tial ; that Congress might with great propriety
have waved this technical rule and treated the
State as if regularly admitted in July of that
year. That is all true; but Congress chose
to do otherwise. Therein lies the trouble.
Instead of waving this technical rule as we
might have done originally and as, perhaps,
we sh'ould have done; instead of treating her
as an admitted State, our whole line of action
and legislation has been based upon the oppo-
site presumption. It is now too iate to cover
the irregularity by non-action alone. That
might have bijen enough for the original defi-
ciency ; but to cure that, with all oursubsequent
action based upon it, demands now a positive
act of admission. Has not anything been done
by Congress to recognize Georgia as a State ?
No, sir"; nothing. On the contrary, Congress
has three times repudiated the idea that Geor-
gia was restored by that or any other act.
First, when they refused to admit her to rep-
resentation in Congress. I know the House
admitted the Representatives, but the Senate
refused. It is the same as if we had agreed to
a concurrent resolution for admission and the
Senate rejected it. So far as it goes, it was an
adjudication against her. Second, when'botli
Houses refused to count her vote for Presi-
dent ; that was another adverse adjudication.
Mr. J ONISS, of Kentucky. The gentleman
seems to claim that the fact of Congress having
refused to allow the electoral vote of Georgia
to be counted was a reason why she was not a
State in the U nion. I ask the gentleman if that
refusal was not conditional, and so announced
by the Vice President, who was the Presiding
Officer of the joint session of the two Houses?
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman from
Kentucky had paid careful attention to what
I was saying he would have seen that I was
not touching the point ho has raised. I say
that we need affirmative action for the read-
mission of a confederate Stale. That is the
Republican theory. The Democratic theory
is the other way. Therefore, when Congress
refused to count the vote, whatever reasons
members might have had in their minds, which
reasons do not appear upon record, there is
an absence of this affirmative recognition.
Air. JONES, of Kentucky. In the event,
therefore, of the voles having been counted
there would have been affirmative action and a
recognition of Georgia as a State in the Union ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Certainly. If we had
counted the votes of Georgia as a State that
would have been a congressional recognition
that Georgia had been admitted under the act
of 1808.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. The vote of
Georgia was to be counted in one event—if it
were necessary to the election of General
G i ant.
Mr. SCOFIELD. No. The gentleman mis-
understands the case or misstates it. The vote
was to bo counted in no event; but the effect
that it would have had, if counted, was to be
stated.
Third. By the act of December 22, 1889, in
which we not only treat the Government as
still provisional, but expressly declare that
Senators and Representatives shall not be
admitted until after the Legislature shall have
ratified the fifteenth amendment. The execu
tive department has twice acted upon the same
presumption; first, in putting her under mil-
itary authority after the act of December, 18G9,
and second, in refusing to count her as a State
in the adoption of the fifteenth amendment. 1
claim, therefore, that Georgia could not have
been admitted under the act of 18G8 until it
should be decided by Congress that she had
complied with the conditions therein requii ed.
Congress has not ;,o decided, but on the con-
trary has throe limes decided the other way.
It is therelore necessary to pass an act of
