1946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
Also, a similar petition from Thomas O'Neal
and others.
Also, a similar petition from citizens of Etna,
Licking county, Ohio.
Also, a similar petition from George Keyes
and others.
Also, a similar petition from citizens of
Hunt's Station, Knox county, Ohio.
Also, a similar petition from citizens of Rural
Dale, Ohio.
Also, a similar petition from citizens of White
Cottage, Ohio.
Also a similar petition from citizens of Hillier
township, Ohio.
By Mr. PAINE : The petition of Albert St.
Ores,formerly lien-tenant fourth Wisconsin regi-
ment, for reimbursement for moneys expended
in recruiting service of the United States.
Also, the petition of Emil Schneider and 32
others, citizens of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for
the passage of an act requiring all taxes on
distilled spirits to be paid at the distillery or
distillery warehouse.
Also, the petition of Lieutenant George H.
Wright, for relief from responsibility of loss
of subsistence funds while acting commissary
of subsistence at Fort Marion, St. Augustine,
Florida, October 22, 1868.
By Mr. PALMER : A joint resolution of
the General Assembly of Iowa, for daily mail
service from Valisca, Iowa, to Maysville, Mis-
souri.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of William
Holt, guardian, of Bangor, Maine, for a pen-
sion.
Also, a memorial of the city of Bangor, for
an appropriation for Pcnobseot river.
Also, petitions of Job Collett and others
and Hinckley Egery and others, against in-
creased duty on steel.
Also, petitions of Ahner Coburn and others,
R. B. Dunn and others, and R. D. Rice and
others, in behalf of the claim of Maine and
Massachusetts for interest on the war debt of
1812.
By Mr. RANDALL; The petition of George
Phillippi, McCullough Iron Company, aud
Stecham & Co., asking for protection on steel
manufactures, as reported in House bill from
Ways and Means Committee on February 1,
1870.
Also, the petition of W. 11. West, Thomas
C. Yarnall, Thomas Webster, and others, citi-
zens of Philadelphia, asking that books im-
ported from foreign countries be placed upon
the free list.
By Mr. SCHENCK : The petition of Simon
Gebhard and 22 others, merchants and citizens
of Dayton, Ohio, asking Congress for an ap-
propriation for the improvement of the harbor
of Toledo, Ohio.
By Mr. SHAFEll: A remonstrance of 2,000
citizens of the Territory of Idaho, remonstrat-
ing against the division of the Territory and
the annexation of a portion thereof to the State
of Nevada.
_ By Mr. STARKWEATHER : A petition of
citizens of New London, Connecticut, in favor
of congressional aid to Captain C. F. Hall's
Arctic expedition.
By Mr. STILES: The petition of Philip
Dougherty, James Farly, Michael Mooney,
James McGovern, and 48 others, natives of
Ireland, citizens, or having the intention to
become citizens of the United States, and citi-
zens and residents of Lehigh county, Penn-
sylvania, asking, among other things, that in-
creased protection shall be given to all indus-
tries which require it, and that iu all changes
in the tariff the interests of domestic indus-
tries shall be considered paramount to every
of her consideration.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of Thomas
S. Page, M. D., of Clarke county, Virginia,
praying for relief from political disabilities.
By Mr. TANNER : A petition of merchants
ofTroy, New York, for certain reforms in the
internal revenue laws.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 15, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man-, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
house bill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 190) pro-
viding for the safety of passengers on steam-
boats was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
family OS e. m. stanton
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 191) appro-
priating to the widow and children of the late
E. M. Stanton, for their use, a sum eaual to
one year's salary of an associate justice" of the
Supreme Court of the United States was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. If there be no objection I
ask that that resolution be put on its passage.
'l here being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, which provides that
in consideration of the distinguished services
and untimely death of Hon. Edwin M. Stanton
there shall be paid to his widow, for the use of
herself and children, a sum equal to one year's
salary of an associate justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, to which office he
had been appointed at the time of his death.
The jojnt resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in obedience to law, the report of
the inspector of the national cemeteries of
the United States for the year 1869; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
been asked to present, and he with great pleas-
ure presents, a memorial signed by Benjamin
Hallo'well, Dillwyn Parrish, John Saunders,
and Samuel Townsend, representing the com-
mittee on the Indian concern of the Society
of Friends, to whom has been assigned by the
Government the care of the Indians iu the
northern superintendcncy, State of Nebraska,
asking a speedy appropriation for wagons,
teams, tools, agricultural implements, live
stock, seeds, &e., and to erect suitable houses
on some of the allotments, namely: for the
Winnebagoes,Oraahas,Pawnees, Santee Sioux,
Ottoes and Missourias, Iowas, Sacs and Foxes,
so that the Indians will not have to spend
another year in idleness and poverty; so that
when these Indians become civilized and en-
lightened, as they believe, upon the plan pro-
posed they will in a comparatively few years
be made powerful auxiliaries in aid of the
civilization of the tribes beyond them; so
that instead of the few persons now engaged
in the work the numbers will be augmented
year by year in the benevolent and elevating
engagement of drawing their red brethren into
habits of industry, self-reliance, and support,
the recognition of their individual manhood,,
and social and family rights, civilization, en-
lightenment, and ultimately citizenship, with
peace and love, and their multiplied blessings.
The memorial will be referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to have returned
to the Committee on Claims the petition and
accompanying papers relating to the claim of
Clara Moore, widow of the late Eli Moore, who
was a citizen of Kansas, with additional testi-
mony, which I now present. This case has
been before the committee for some time. The
parties _ who originally presented it are dead,
and if it remains with the committee without
action as long as it did before I am afraid the
heirs will die. It is a case of great merit, I
think. I commend it to the early consideration
of the committee.
The papers were referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citizens
of the State of California, in favor of granting
the right of suffrage to women in the District
of Columbia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented a petition, signed by a
large number of persons, in favor of the pas-
sage of a law prohibiting the sale of intoxicat-
ing liquors in the District of Columbia; which
was referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Charles S. Clark & Co., manufacturers of
lumber in Alleghany county, New York, asking
that the present duty be retained on the pro-
ducts of Canadian forests ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of a large
number of members of the senate and house
of delegates of West Virginia, praying Con-
gress to relieve Charles J. Faulkner, of West
Virginia, from his political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
H. Good, of Jasper county, Texas, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the petition of
Eben N. Horsford, praying an extension of
letters-patent issued to him on the 10th of
October, 1854, for certain compounds for neu-
tralizing chlorine ; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. SUMNER. I present three different
petitions from citizens of the United States,
asking Congress to make an appropriation for
the benefit of the Wilberforce University, an
institution of learning near the city of Xenia,
in the State of Ohio, where admission is not
denied to any one "on account of race, color,
or previous condition.'' I do not know to which
committee these petitions have been referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. # One was pre-
sented by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tnurc-
man] yesterday and referred to the Committee
on Education and Labor.
Mr. SUMNER. I move the same reference
of these petitions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition
from citizens of the United States, asking land
for the frcedmen. I desire to add that I sym-
pathize most heartily with the petition, and I
move its reference to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present two petitions for
the abolition of the franking privilege, which
I move be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition
from citizens of Philadelphia, which is very
brief, and I will therefore read it:
Tu the Conarebsuf the United Stales :
"VYe, the undersigned, citizens of theUnitedStates,
but neither publishers nor importers of books, re-
spectfully represent to your honorable body that a
books is u. tax upon knowledge, no branch
ot which is or can be independent of European pub-
lications. w o therefore petition you to place thein
all on the free list, or at least to reduce instead of
greatly increasing the duty, as the bill now beforo
Congress proposes to do.
I desire to say that I sympathize completely
and absolutely with the prayer of that petition.
I think that a tax on books is a tax on knowl-
edge, and is not creditable to a republican Gov-
ernment. I move the reference of the petition
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed tq.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
a large number of citizens similar to those pre-
