2890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
every effort will be made to prevent the use
of that invaluable public improvement, the
Sanlt Ste. Marie canal, as the channel through
which the British Government will undertake
to suppress the movement now going ou in
the Red river country.
Mr. SUMNEll. I will simply say that I have
no reason to believe that tlie question to which
my friend from Michigan has just spoken will
ever arise. I do not believe that any British
troops will ever go through the Ste. Marie canal,
nor that there will be any application on the
part of Great Britain for that privilege. I will
inquire of the Senator what destination he pro-
poses to give to this resolution ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNEll. Very well; I was about to
make that motion if the Senator did not.
Mr. CHANDLER. Before the reference I
will modify the resolution so as to "request"
the President instead of directing him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be modi-
fied accordingly. The Senator now moves the
reference of the resolution to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask leave to move that when
the Senate adjourns to day it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to-morrow to
transact business from the Committee on Com-
merce. I ask the Senator to withdraw his
motion in order to give us to morrow for that
purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Senate have already adopted a
resolution reading as follows:
Ordered. That on Friday and Saturday next, imme-
diately after the privileged morning business shall
have been concluded, the Calendar shall be taken up
for the consideration of general orders not objected
to, and no other business shall be in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I hope thi* motion
will not prevail.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, let us adjourn over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that motion will
be adopted. I do not think that we can gain
anything by attempting to sit here as contin-
uously as we do. I am sure so far as we are
individually concerned it is calculated to break
every man down who does his duty and knows
what is going on in the Senate. If we can
shirk our duties here, perhaps we can bear up
under them. We come here every day at
twelve o'clock and remain sometimes away
into the night, and every day to a very late
hour for dinner—between five and six o'clock—
besides having to attend the meetings of com-
mittees in the mornings, and we cannot con-
tinue that every day in the week. I hope the
motion will prevail.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is well known to
every member of this body that business is
greatly behind. It is well known that there
are a great number of bills that ought to be
passed. I wish my friend from Illinois had been
as careful of the health of the Senate when
we had the Georgia bill before us and were
sitting here night and day listening to speeches.
I wish he had considered the health of the Sen-
ate then. But now, inasmuch as his bill is out
of the way, he is at once greatly distressed for
fear somebody will get sick. I am sure they
cannot get any sicker than I was of the Georgia
debate. [Laughter.]
I hope that this motion will not prevail, and
that we shall be allowed two days for busi-
ness. That is more than we have had yet in
four and a half months. I do not remember
that we have had more than one day for busi-
ness during this session. Now, I hope that
these two days which have been set aside for
business will be devoted to the business of the
Senate. I should be glad if the Senate would
give to-morrow to the Committee on Com-
merce. But as a previous order lias been
adopted, and it will not be given to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, I hope we shall go on
with the Calendar according to the resolution
that has already been adopted, and shall not
adjourn over till Monday.
Mr. SCOTT. Having made this motion, I
feel like expressing my desire, with the Sen-
ator from Michigan, that the Senate shall
occupy as much time as possible in the trans-
action of business; and lam sure he will bear
me witness that I have not generally taken
more even than the time which he by a strict
mathematical calculation has meted out to
each member of the Senate in discussing the
measures which are before it. But there is
some other business which requires the atten-
tion of Senators outside of the Senate Cham-
ber as well as inside. I do not know how it
may be with other members of the Senate, but
representing a State as near the capital as
mine is, I find when Saturday comes my duty
to my constituents requires the whole of that
day, as a general rule, in the Departments;
and unless we do get that day to attend to that
character of business it is utterly impossible
that it can be attended to at all if we discharge
our duties as members of the committees and
as members of the body. For that reason I
make this motion at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the unfinished business
pending at the aojournmeut yesterday is before
the Senate, being the bill (II. R. No. 98G) to
abolish the franking privilege.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us take a vote on
this motion.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope we shall be allowed
to decide this question of meeting to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be 110
objection, the unfinished business will be in-
formally passed over, subject to a demand for
the regular order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. Then 1 move to postpone
the regular order, in order to take up the mo-
tion of the Senator from Pennsylvania. That
can be done.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am sure ray friend,
the Senator from Minnesota, will not allow
anything to interfere with the bill abolishing
the franking privilege.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is only to lay it
aside temporarily until we can dispose of this
motion.
Mr. ItAMSEY. The Senate on yesterday
resolved to proceed to other business to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to postpone the present
and all other orders for the purpose of con-
tinuing the consideration of the motion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania in regard to the
adjournment over. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears nbne.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the attention of the
Chair to the order under which the Senate is
now acting ; whether that motion is in order;
whether it is in order to postpone that subject.
The rule being specific that to-day and to-
morrow shall be assigned to these subjects, is
it competent now without a change of that
order to change that rule?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Maine that by the
fifteenth rule the unfinished business pending
at the adjournment on the previous day is first
in order unless that rule shall be suspended by
the unanimous consent of the Senate distinctly
declaring the suspension of the rule. This
resolution was adopted on the motion of the
Senator from Rhode Island, after lying over
one or two days, by a majority vote of the Sen-
ate in regard to the business of to-day. It is
not yet before the Senate, and it can only be
reached by passing over the bill in regard to
the franking privilege, which is now before the
Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. Suppose the Senate pro-
ceed now, under the resolution of the Senate
yesterday, and devote to-day to the Calendar
of unobjected bills, what then becomes ot' the
bill to abolish the franking privilege?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be the
first special order, and as soon as this order is
executed in regard to the business of to-day
and to morrow, it will resume its place as a
special order.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then it will comc up on
Monday ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will, unless the
Senate should adjourn on some bill this after-
noon or to-morrow afternoon, in case the Sen-
ate should sit then, and then that bill would
be the unfinished business, having priority.
As soon as that should be disposed ot', the
bill in regard to the franking privilege would
come up.
Mr. SUMNER. Now let us have the ques-
tion on the adjournment over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, that when the Senate adjourns to-day it be
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on that motion. I must
have to-morrow to transact business, if pos-
sible.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 35, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman, Brown-
low, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Davis, Drake,Ed-
munds, Fenton, Fowler, Hamilton ot' Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Howell, Kellogg, Mc-
Creery, McDonald. Nye, Patterson, Pool, Rice,
Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Spencer,
Sumner, Thayer, Thurman. Trumbull, Williams, and
Y ates—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Chandler,
Cole, Craerin, Ferry, Flanagan, ilamlin, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt. Revels. Sher-
man. Stewart, Warner, Willey, and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Cattell. Conkling, Cor-
bett, Gilbert, Johnston, Lewis, Norton, Ramsey,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Stockton, Tipton, and Vick-
ers—14.
So the motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed
to the bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th June, 1871; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
PROPOSED RECESS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate take a recess to day from five o'clock
until half past seven o'clock, with a view of*
considering this evening bills reported from
the Committee on Commerce that are unob-
jected to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion can
only be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan asks that by unanimous consent an
order be entered that the Senate take a recess
to-day from five o'clock until half past seven
o'clock for the purpose of considering bills
unobjected to from the Committee on Com-
merce. Is there objection ? The Chair hears
no objection.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Chair be
authorized and requested to fill the existing
vacancies on the Committees on Revolution-
ary Claims and Mines and Mining.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ap-
points the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Johv-
stox] to fill the vacancy on the Committee on
iievolutionary Claims, and the Senator from
