3834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
Mr. TRUMBULL. How does that change it?
Mr. WILLIAMS. This bill may not he
approved until after the 1st day of July. If it
is not, the section will not take effect until next
year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We are certainly going
to get this bill through during the next month.
Mr. WILLTAMS. That does not necessa-
rily follow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that is a con-
tingency we are not going to guard against. I
have no objection to the amendment, but the
reason is what I object to. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Main.e. I think the pre-
caution is very wise.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Judging from what has
taken-place, we had better provide for-all con-
tingencies.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I sympathize
entirely with the Senator from Oregon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move further to amend
that section in line five, by inserting after the
word "solicitor" the words "supervising arch-
itect." He is the lieftd of a bureau in the
Treasury, and was accidentally omitted. This
is the section increasing the salaries of the
heads of bureaus.
Mr. SUMNER. He ought to be inserted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think he ought to be,
beyond all question, as much as any other of
the heads of bureaus.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move further, by the
instruction of the Committee on Finance 
Mr. TRUMBULL. You oughtto strike out
supervising architect in the other place, for
we have just put his salary at ยง3,000 on another
page.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will remind the Senator
from Illinois that the text of the old bill pro-
vides that all theseofficers shall receive $3,000
a year; but this is a new section, which pro-
vides that they shall receive each $4,000 a year,
and it makes the necessary appropriation to pay
the increased salary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it not necessary to
strike out the $3,000 appropriation after we
have made another amendment putting the
salary at $4,000?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that modifies it
necessarily.
Mr. SHERMAN. The section provides forit.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It provides for
itself.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is all right as it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; but it is very
awkward to have two compensations fixed in
the same bill.
Mr. WILLTAMS. Upon the recommend-
ation of the Postmaster General, and by instruc-
tions of the Committee on Finance,.who have
considered the subject, I move further to amend
this section by inserting after the words "Gen-
eral Land Office," in the eighth line, the words
" the superintendent of the money-order system
and the superintendent of the foreign mails,"
who are the heads of bureaus in the Post Office
Department.
I will state that through the hands of the
superintendent of the money-order bureau pass
$25,000,000 a year, and it is rapidly increasing,
and it is becoming one of the most important
bureaus in this Government, and the man who
is at the head of it is, I believe, one of the best
officers in any of the Departments.
As to the superintendent of the foreign mails,
hi? correspondence is conducted with foreign
Governments in foreign languages, and he is an
accomplished and efficient officer and indis-
pensable to the Department. He is at the head
of a bureau practcally.
Each of these officers have their own clerks
and make their reports directly to the Post-
master General, and our object has been by
this section simply jo increase the salaries of
the heads of bureaus and confine the amend-
ment to those persons who are practically heads
of bureaus.
Mr. POMEROY. The two gentlemen who
have been named as being at this time at the
head of these bureaus, if they may be palled
bureaus, are worthy of every consideration. I
know that, but I did not know there was an effort
to increase their salaries. Any person who is
competent to manage a bureau of $25,000,000,
ought to be a very responsible and reliable
gentleman, as I have no doubt Dr. Macdonald
is. I had not heard of this effort to raise these
salaries, but I think it is a deserved tribute to
those gentlemen.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will say that it has been
before the Committee on Finance on two or
three occasions, and they have considered it
fully.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 86 of
the newly-printed bill I move to strike out
" twenty," in line eight hundred and sixty-five,
and insert " twenty-eight;" so as to read,
" For twenty-eight watchmen for the general
service of the Interior Department building,''
&c. This is done on the solicitation of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, who represents that the
duty of inspection of the Patent Office is so
great, and the necessity for force on account
of the occupation of hired buildiugs by the In-
terior Department is such, that it has become
absolutely necessary to increase the number
of watchmen.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no doubt the
amendment is correct, but we could not hear
a word the Senator said.
Mr. MOItRILL, of Maine. If Senators
would observe order they would have no diffi-
culty in hearing.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On the same
page, in line eight hundred and seventy-nine,
there is this clause:
For casual repairs of the Interior Department
building, $8,000.
At the request of the Secretary of the In-
terior I move to strike out "$8,000" and
insert " $10,000" in this clause. If the Sen-
ate detire, I will send his letter to the Chair
and have it read, which recommends this
change; and while I aqi up I will suggest
another amendment in the following clause,
which is "for fuel, lights, and the salary of
the engineer and assistant engineer, $16,000. "
At the instance of the Secretary, I move to
strike out " $10,000 " and insert " $18,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On the same
page, in lines nine hundred and two and nine
hundred and three, it is necessary to amend
the gross sum. This is made necessary by the
amendment moved by the Senator from Nevada,
to increase the clerks in the General Land
Office. 1 move to strike out " $31,040" and
insert " $52,GOO" in lines nine hundred and
two and nine hundred and three.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On the next
page, for the same reason, I move in line nine
hundred and ten, which now reads, "$216,-
360," to strike out that sum and insert
"$234,360."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 44, by
an omission, the appropriation for the salary
of the warden of the jail was left out. I move
to insert after line ten hundred and fifty-eight:
District jail:
For salary of the warden of the jail in the District
of Columbia, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 47, line
eleven hundred and forty-three, I move to strike
out " three " and insert'1 four.'' It now reads,
"and three assistant messengers." This is
done at the earnest personal solicitation of the
Postmaster General, who desires an addition;
and after the word "hundred," in the same
line, I move to insert " twentyso as to read,
"and four assistant messengers at $720." This
last amendment is made necessary by the last
section of the bill fixing the salary of assistant
messengers at $720.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is necessary
now to change the amount appropriated for the
Post Office Department, in lines eleven hun-
dred and forty-seven and eleven hundred and
forty-eight. It reads now " $331,020." It
should read " $332,400."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 52, line
twelve hundred and sixty-six, under the head
of " Navy Department," I propose to make a
transposition of one clerk from class three to
class four. I move to strike out the word
"three," inline twelve hundred and sixty-six,
and insert "four," and in line twelve hundred
and sixty-seven to strike out "three" and
insert " two."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then the sum
in line twelve hundred and sixty-nine should
be changed. It now reads, '"$26,120;" it
should read, "$30,300." I move that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In lines twelve
hundred and seventy-one and twelve hundred
and seventy-two the text reads: "For station-
ery, labor, newspapers and miscellaneous
items, $2,840." This is for the Navy Depart-
ment. The estimate was $5,000. I move, at
the solicitation of the Secretary of the Navy,
to strike out " $2,8-10" and insert " $4,000;"
so thai, it will read, " For stationery, labor,
newspapers, and miscellaneous items, $4,000,"
being $1,000 less than the estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. I observe another misplace-
ment of words in the insertion of an amend-
ment on the second page. In line eighteen,
the words in italics. " minute and Journal
clerk, financial clerk," should be in line nine-
teen after the word " clerk."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is simply
a question of rank. I have no objection.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The correc-
tion will be made if there be no objection.
The amendment is agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
i,ey.) The question is on concurring in the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole. Shall the vote be taken on all the
amendments together, or on each separately?
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that we take
the vote at once on all the amendments except
those which may be reserved by Senators for
separate votes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued.
* Mr. WARNER. I desire, to reserve for a
separate vote the amendment on page 15, in
lines three hundred and forty-one and three?
hundred and forty-two. It is with regard to
publishing the laws in the newspapers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved.
Mr. POMEROY. I want a vote distinct-
ively upon the amendment on the third page,
relating to the chief engineer of this building.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved.
Mr. POMEROY. And also the amendment
in regard to the Blue Book.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
reserved.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for a separate vote
on the amendment in relation to the extension
of the Capitol grounds ; also, on the amend-
ment striking out the appropriation for the
salary of the assistant register of the Treasury;
and also on the amendment inserting a sum as
salary for the recorder of private land claims in
Missouri.
