1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2891
Virginia [Mr. Lewis] to fill the vacaucy on the
Committee on Mines and Miniug.
proposed kecess.
Mr. THURMAN. What was the proposi-
tion for a night session? I want to hear that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was agreed
by unanimous consent that the Senate should
take a recess from five o'clock until halt past
seven o'clock this evening for the purpose of
considering bills reported from the Committee
on Commerce that were not objected to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I thought it was to con-
sider all bills unobjected to, not bills from the
Committee on Commerce only.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan states that he has one bill that will
take two hours to read.
Mr. THURMAN. I intended to object to
that, motion, and rose for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Ohio states that he rose in time to object,.and
the Chair must therefore entertain the objec-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that objection. I simply propose to
take up bills that are not objected to. I will
not take up a single bill to which there is an
objection, i have one bill which will take
uearly two hours to read.
Mr. THURMAN. There must be a great
many things to object to in that bill, and there
will not be more than half & dozen Senators
l)6r€«
Mr. CHANDLER. That is quite enough.
Mr. THURMAN. A half a dozen Senators
ought not to pass bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Ohio states that he rose in time to make the
objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think he was a little
loo late.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has always
been the usage in the Houseof Representatives
and also in this body, when a member states a
fact of that sort, to accept it as conclusive on
the subject.
order of business.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the Senate in relation to the rule under
which we are acting. I came into the Senate
just as the Senate last voted. I think there
ought to be a unanimous understanding that
each Senator who has reported or who has
charge of any particular bill or joint resolution
that shall come up for the action of the Senate
shall have five miuutes to state the purportof it.
Mr. SUMNER. That is right.
Mr. HAMLIN. If we do not do that we
cannot tell by the text whether we want to
object or not. If that can be done by unani-
mous consent I have nothing further to say.
If not, I shall certainly move to reconsider that
resolution for the purpose of amending it in
that way. We want to accomplish results, and
we shall accomplish results if that can be done.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the suggestion
of the Senator from Maine is eminently proper,
and I supposed when I offered the order that
unanimous consent would be given for any Sen-
ator to explain a bill or to answer any ques-
tions in regard to it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us confine it to five
minutes.
Mr. ANTHONY. The spirit of the order is
that we shall transact business which is not to
be debated at length.
Mr. SUMNER. That is it.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is the idea; and I
think we shall have no difficulty.
Mr. SUMNER. But, then, the character of
a bill cannot always be determined by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
like to understand the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. I send it to the Chair in
writing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think it needs
any order.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not ask for any order;
but I ask for that statement to be read, so that
we shall understand it and have no dispute
about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report it.
The Secretary. It is:
But any Senator reporting or having charge of (ho
bill or joint resolution coming up tor action shall be
allowed five minutes to explain the same.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it ought to be
understood that when a bill is called up any-
body may explain it or discuss it until some
Senator says, ''Let the bill go over." When
a Senator objects to the further consideration
of a bill, then it goes over; but up to that time
there ought to be a little chance to make sug-
gestions about a bill, and five minutes' discus-
sion mightenlighten (he Senate, and they might
all be willing to hear it. Then some Senator
might object to its further consideration. When
objection is made the bill must go over; but
until it is made let explanations be heard.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will be the
understanding. There ought certainly to be
honor enough among the members of this body
to come to an understanding, when we are going
to take up bills to which there is no objection,
that anybody can make a suggestion about
them. What we want is to dispatch the busi-
ness of the Senate; but we do not want to do
that without knowing what we do. If a Sen-
ator did not wish to have a bill go over, but
wanted to make a mere suggestion that some
feature of the bill had better be changed, I am
sure the whole Senate would like to have th„t
suggestion made. I think we can get along
without any difficulty if we just go right on
with that understanding.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to know whether the
resolution just read is before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Maine asked that that should be considered
the understanding of the Senate, that five min-
utes should be allowed to a Senator to explain
a bill.
Mr. FOWLER. I wanted to object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Tennessee objects to the proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thepractice we are about
to enter upon comes from the House of Rep-
resentatives. I believe it is now for the first
time proposed in the Senate; and I think,
therefore, we had better follow the practice of
the House of Representatives in endeavoring
to carry out this order. Whenever a Senator
has made up his mind that a bill the ti^le of
which is stated or which is being read is objec-
tionable, he has a right to assert his objection ;
but in the House it has always been usual to
allow the reading of a report accompanying
a bill. The bill is read ; the report accompa-
nying it is read ; and then, if no objection is
made, the consideration of the bill is entered
upon. But whenever debate occurs that is
considered an objection, and the bill passes
over. I believe that is the practice of the
House, and it ought to be observed here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the recent rulings in the House
of Representatives unanimous consent is given
-without prejudicing the bill, when the body
sees fit, to the person who reports the bill to
explain it. That is done where there is no
objection. It requires unanimous consent,
which, of course, waives any rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
pursue the practice of the House in this matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered. It will be sub-
ject to unanimous consent, and therefore any-
body can object.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask unanimous consent
to allow to be taken from the files the papers
in the case of William Pollard, late assistant
engineer in the Navy. The case has been acted
upon, and the party desires the papers.
The VICE PKESJDENT. If there be no
objection leave will be granted to withdraw
them. The Chair hears no objection.
buildings for military purposes.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent
to reconsider the vote by which some time ago
the joint resolution (H. R. No. G9) relating to
buildings used for military purposes in the city
of New York was indefinitely postponed, with a
view to having it recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. The Secretary of War
thinks he can save in a small expenditure
$14,000, and on his statement I desire to have
the joint resolution recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ANTHON Y. I shall not object to this,
of course, in view of the statement just made;
but I give notice that I shall introduce an order
or attempt to have the sense of the Senate ex-
pressed upon a rule whereby a bill indefinitely
postponed cannot be called up again orrecon-
sidered. We are never safe on anything if
that practice is to prevail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The safety con-
sists in the fact that any one Senator has the
right to object, which would preclude any
action.
Mr. POMEROY. But a Senator desiring to
object may be absent. The committee make a
report and have it acted upou when it is made.
There is no safety whatever. A Senator may
be absent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here the Senator from
Massachusetts had the resolution postponed
himself which he asks to have reconsidered.
It came from the Military Committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that there is no objection to the propo-
sition of the Senator from Massachusetts, and
the joint resolution will be recommitted to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
rollin white veto message.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
now proceed to the execution of the order
setting apart this day for the consideration of
bills on the Calendar to which no objection
shall be made. Wherever bills are objected
to they will remain on the Calendar of regular
orders without prejudice, and bills unobjected
to will be considered by the Senate. The Sec-
retary will read the title of each bill on the
Calendar in its order as it is reached.
The Secretary. The first bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill (S. No. 273) for the relief of
Rollin White, returned by the President, to the
Senate with liis objections, January 11, 1870.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses this will be passed over, as it is a debat-
able proposition, the President having returned
the bill with his objections.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are we not ready to
vote upon it?
Mr. FERRY. I have no objection to taking
the vote on it.
Mr. SPENCER. Let it go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alabama objects.
Mr. FERRY. In regard to that bill I sup-
posed there would be objection made, and I
desired to ask that it go on the Calendar of
special orders. It is now the first of general
orders. It is a President's veto, and it ought
to be where it can be speedily reached. I will
therefore 
Mr. POMEROY. If it is passed over to-day
it will come up again to-morrow.
Mr. FERRY. Why not let it go on the Cal-
endar of special orders?
Mr. POMEROY. Thatrequiresatwothirds
vote, and it does not help it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would require
unanimous consent to-day, under the order
adopted. The bill will retain its place at the
head of the Calendar of general orders. The
Secretary will report the next bill on the Cal-
endar.
