1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
8835
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish a separate vote on
the amendment increasing the pay of the female
clsrks
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for a
separate vote on the north pole. [Laughter. ]
Mr. COLE. I ask for a separate vote on
the amendment in lines twelve hundred and
t sixty two and twelve hundred and sixty three,
on page 52, in relation to the naval judge
advocate and solicitor general.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to re-
serve the right to correct an error on page 51
in relation to the office of inspector general of
the Military Academy, simply to change the
designation.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Subject to
the exceptions which have been named, the
question is: "Will the Senate concur in the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole?"
The question being put, it was decided in
the affirmative.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to except section
sixteen, on page 66. I have heard no explana-
tion given of that 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can
only be done by common consent, the amend-
ments which were not specially excepted before
having been agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not hear any vote
taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
put the question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is section sixteen?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California will state what is the amend-
ment which he desires to have excepted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish the amendment
contained in section sixteen, on page 66, to be
reserved for a separate vote.
Mr. SUMNER. What does it relate to?
We do not know by the number.
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me to rail
for back pay from 1841 to certain naval officers
and surveyors of customs. That ought to be
explained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection that will also be added to the
excepted amendments. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. I also ask 'to reserve the
provision increasing the number of the Cap-
itol police from twenty to thirty, in line ninety-
seven, on page 5.
Mr. COLE. I object. That is too late.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made. That amendment having been voted
upon and concurred in, it cannot now be re-
served.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not hear any vote
taken since we came out of committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
distinctly put the question to the Senate upon
concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole, with the exception
of those specifically reserved.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I ask leave to move
a. reconsideration as to that particular amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That, cannot be done. It
must be a reconsideration in general.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope there will be no
objection to taking the vote separately on this
pronosit.ion if any Senator desires it.
Air. EDMUNDS. Certainly; 1 make no
objection to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it be done
by general consent.
Mr. COLE. I withdraw the objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment indicated by the Senator from California
[Mr. Casserly] will be considered as placed
on the list of reserved amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, if I understand the
Chair, the amendments made asm Committee
of the Whole aie all agreed to, with the excep-
tion of those already named as saved and
reserved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ihat is the
understanding of the Chair. The first amend-
ment reserved will now be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment
reserved was on page 8, line fifty-seven, to in-
sert " chief engineer, $1,800," among the
items of appropriation "for compensation of
the officers, clerks, messengers, and others re-
ceiving an annual salary in the service of the
Senate."
Mr. POMEROY. When we were passing
through the bill some three weeks ago, I moved
to make the salary of the engineer who had
made such improvements to this building and
done so much in ventilating it at so little ex-
pense, almost no expense to the Government,
equal to that, of the superintendent of the fold-
ing-room, which, as the Senate will see by re-
ferring to the top of the same page, is $2,160.
I do this in recognition of the services of a man
who has devoted himself to ventilating this
building; and there is not a Senator who has
been here this last winter who has not noticed
a very marked improvement, lie has other
improvements in contemplation ; and what I
thought was exceedingly gratifying was, that
he has done it at so little expense, almost
nothing to the Government. I move that that
amendment of the committee be amended, so
that the sum shall be "ยง2,160."
Mr. CAMERON. I hope we shall not make
that increase. Every day we have an excuse
for raising somebody's salary on the ground
that it is to correspond with somebody else's
salary. I trust we shall raise no more salaries
at present. No doubt this gentleman was very
anxious to get this place; and we can get a
thousand men now who would be glad to take
it at the salary he gets. This system of in-
creasing one man's salary just because some-
body else's salary lias been increased who is
imagined to be of the same grade is very bad,
and it ought not to be continued.
Mr. POMEUOY. If this was an isolated
case, if we had not increased anybody's salary,
the Senator from Pennsylvania might very well
make his remark. But the fact that you can
get somebody else to come here and be an
engineer at a less salary is not an argument
in this case. We can find men who would be
Senators here for less than we get, and perhaps
do equally as well. You could find men if
you would put this service up at auction who
would do a great deal of public service for less
money than is now paid. That i$not the ques-
tion. It is whether with regard to a gentleman
who has distinguished himself in the public
service, who has rendered efficient service, such
as has been recognized by every person who
has been in this building this last winter, such
service shall be appreciated and paid a reason-
able compensation for. He is a man who brings
to this place not simply ordinary engineering
talent, but talent of a peculiar order. We have
just appropriated $3,000 for experiments in
ventilation here; and yet this gentleman has
accomplished all this without an appropriation
of $3)000, and without an experiment; he has
improved your ventilation as a matter of fact.
We have had committees recommend the
spending of $60,000, as I remember, one year
to ventilate this Chamber. The former col-
league of the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr.
Buckalew, who was chairman of the Commit-
tee on Ventilation, recommended $100,000; and
as the Senator from Rhode Island suggests, we
passed finally an appropriation of $200,000,
and yet all that the late Senator from Penn-
sylvania then anticipated has been accom-
plished, practically, for less than $3,000 by
this engineer whom we have employed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am glad that the ven-
tilation of the Chamber is satisfactory "to some
of its members. I confess that I have not
reached that point.
Mr. POMEKOY. It is satisfactory to mem-
bers, unless they sit by some door where the
wind blows in.
Mr. CAMERON". When I was up before
I did not know that I was interrupting the Sen-
ator from Kansas. I beg his pardon for having
done so. I do not at all agree, though, with his
argument. Ifeellike the Senator from Illinois,
that if these great reforms have been made
here I have been unfortunate euough not to
discover them. A worse ventilated place than
this I donotknowof anywhere, ltis probably
a little better on some days, when the engines
are properly attended to, than on other days,
and a great deal of that I ascribe to the assist-
ant. If this salary is raised, I shall then move
to raise the salary of the assistant engineer,
who really does the work. There is a soldier
down there, a civil engineer of high character
before he was employed there, who only occu-
pies a subordinate place, giving his skill and
learning to these duties, because he was sto
severely wounded in the war that he could not
make a living any place else; and yet he is
doing labor there for which this person of higher
grade gets the compensation probably. The
truth is, that there is a system of staving off
responsibility. Every man in this Govern-
ment must have an assistant, and then that
assistant must have a deputy, and that deputy
must have a chief clerk, and so it goes down,
and the lowest person employed anywhere does
the duly,while those in the highest places very
often get all the glory and all the pay.
But the objection I now have is to raising
the pay of anybody just because somebody
else has a higher pay than he gets. The com-
pensation of persons about this Capitol is large
enough to secure the best talent of the country
for the places you require to be filled here. I
said that there were hundreds of people willing
to come here and take these places; I repeat
it, and I agree also with the Senator from
Kansas, that men would come here and be Sen-
ators for less pay than we get; and I have no
doubt that some of them would for less pay do
these duties better than the Senator from Kan-
sas or the Senator from Pennsylvania can;
but 1 of course do not intend to be invidious
or personal.
We are now arguing upon the expenses of
the Government. We all feel that it is our
duty to reduce them as fast as possible. Dur-
ing the war there was an excuse for paying
men higher salaries than before, because all
that went to support life was at an enhauced
price; for every article that men consumed
they had to pay largely advanced prices to those
paid before the war. But now it is different.
This is not the time to increase salaries, when
the war is over, when the people are heavily
taxed, and when the expenses of living are
every day getting less. I trust we shall not
raise this salary.
Mr. MOI1R1LL, of Vermont. I do not rise
to discuss this 'measure. I believe it is true
that as wagrow older we all become chronic
growlers. 1 know that, it is the fashion of some
portion of the people to consider a member of
Congress as the embodiment of all scoundrel-
ism. But the idea is not based upon facts. 1
believe that there will be as few of thai class
who will be finally lost as an equal number of
any other class in the country. [Laughter.]
It is the fashion for Senators to giowl in
relation to the ventilation of this Hall; but if
they would investigate the facts they would
find that it is the most perfectly ventilated
Hall in the whole world. Every once in seven
minutes the air in the whole Chamber is
changed. I simply desire to call attention to
the facta of the case, that wc may not ourselves
repeat an old and stale slander.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senator from
Vermont whether this improvement has arisen
from the person who has charge of the venti-
lation ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I said that I
did not rise to discuss the merits of this amend-
ment at all. but merely to state a fact in regard
to the ventilation.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to state a fact on that
subject, for the information of the Senator trom
Michigan, if he will allow me.
