1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
eific language, all condemn the position of the
Senator from Massachusetts as unsound.
Mr. SUMNER. I am at a loss to kuow to
what position the Senator refers. I am not
conscious of having taken any such position as
he attributes to me. The Senator is replying
to something which I have no recollection ot
ever having uttered. I do not remember ever
having assumed any such ground as he attrib-
utes to me.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator will re-
member the manner in which he answered me
before. If he consults the report of his own
speech he will find that he took this precise
position. ;
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will allow me
to slate the position as I understood it 
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator had better
wait until I get through. He will have oppor-
tunity then, as his abilities are amply sufficient,
to do justice to himself if I do him any injus- |
tice. It has been said of that Senator, whether j
intended for praise or censure I am uncertain, I
that he never abandons a position he has once ;
taken. If the Senator shall refuse to abandon
his position this overwhelming array of facts,
opinions, official and judicial, and the plain j
language of the statute itself, are confidently
relied upon to compel him from the position
his pride will not permit him to surrender.
They prove, if statutory declaration, judicial
interpretation, diplomatic declaration, anduni-
versal understanding can prove anything, that
the act of 1818 was not passed for a specific
purpose only, but that it was designed to be
and is a general law, applicable to all nations
in all times.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course; I never ques-
tioned it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Theu the Senator was
exceedingly unfortunate in the language he
employed, for he said to me that if I would
take the trouble to consult the history of those
words employed in that statute I would find
that they were passed for a specific purpose, to
wit, thd rebellion then existing in the South
American colonies against Spain.
Mr. SUMNER. _ Yes; but that it was appli-
cable to people and provinces in the condition
of the colonies and people in South America
and Mexico; not specifically confined to those
people, but applying to people generally in
that condition of belligerency. That was my
position.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, when
I first commenced my remarks to-day and read
carefully the positions that the Senator had
taken in his former speech, if he had at that
time disclaimed having intended to take any
such position I should have been mnch more
satisfied that he did so understand it than I am
now, when I claim to have completely over-
come the positions taken by reference to the
laws and decisions applicable to the subject.
However, Mr. President, I desire to allow the
Senator to abandon, and I congratulate him
that he has abandoned, the position at any
time. He might have done it earlier; but it
is better to do it late than to do it never, and
I thank the Senator for having abandoned it
now. I hope he will be equally inclined to
abandon the other, too, when I get to it.
Second. The Senator's second proposition
is, in substance, that this statute can only apply
to a contest between two parties, both of whom
are acknowledged belligerents; and that the
revolt in Cuba has not yet reached the condition
where Cuba can be regarded as a belligerent.
Mr. SUMNER. That is correct.
Mr. CARPENTER. I controvert both
branches of this proposition. First, I claim
that this statute is not confined to cases of
actual war and existing belligerency, as the
terms war and belligerency are understood by
the law of nations; and second, that even
conceding the first branch of the proposition to
be correct, the state of things now existing in
Cuba amounts to a state of public war within
the meaning of the law of nations.
1. I invite the careful attention of Senators
to the precise language of this statute. The
offense consists, by the plain words of the
statute, in fitting out a vessel within the United
States with the intent that such vessel shall be
employed in the service of a foreign State,
colony, district, or people, to cruise or commit
hostilities against any foreign State, colony,
district, or people, <tc. This provision is not
confined to a state of war, or case of actual
belligerency between the two parties. These
phrases were carefully omitted—omitted, we
must presume, for a purpose. If the vessel is
fitted out within the United States, with the
intent that such vessel shall be employed to
cruise or commit hostilities against any foreign
State, colony, district, or people, an offense has
been committed, whether such hostilities have
actually commenced or are only meditated.
Suppose Great Britain and France were en-
gaged in a diplomatic controversy, and Great
Britain had finally determined to declare war
against France, provided she could within a
given time obtain or cause to be fitted out five
hundred vessels of war within the United States,
but not otherwise, and this fact was well known
to the world; then suppose Great Britain to
comehereandattemptto makecontracts forthe
fitting out of such vessels, with the intent that
they should be employed in her service against
France in a war which she intended to declare
as soon as she could obtain such vessels, can
there be a doubt that a vessel so fitted out by
Great Britain in this country would be for-
feited under this act?
It would be as true in this case, as in case
of previously declared war, that the vessel
had been fitted out in the United States with
the intent that such vessel should cruise and
commit hostilities against France ; and this is
the very thing that is forbidden by the statute.
This statute goes far beyond the duty of a
neutral during existing war. It is a pledge of
neutrality in existing wars and in all wars
that shall exist between other parties; but it
is more than this, and every nation is forbid-
den to fit out vessels here, either for existing
or intended wars. In many cases where no
war had actually been commenced it might be
difficult, in some cases impossible, to prove
the intent, which is the essence of the stat-
utory offense; but where the intent could be
established, the offense would be complete,
before as well as after the declaration or com-
mencement of the war.
2. But even conceding that this statute has
no application except in case of existing reg-
ular war, as recognized by the law of nations,
such condition of things now exists between
Spain and Cuba.
To discuss this question, it becomes necessary
to inquire what is meant by a state of war.
There can be no difficulty generally in determ-
ining when war exists between two independent
nations; but how is it to be determined in case
of a rebellion ?
When a Government practices great oppres-
sion upon its subjects, the first symptoms of
resistance are usually legal, consisting of re-
monstrances and petitions for redress of griev-
ances. If relief be not thus obtained, murmur-
ings and discontent ensue; public meetings or
private gatherings of the disaffected will be
attempted, and perhaps forbidden by the Gov-
ernment ; the press, if not muzzled, will speak
out, and writers who pass prescribed limits in
criticism will be arrested and punished for libels.
As exasperation increases, crimes will multiply,
property will be destroyed, and assassinations
will be committed, for which offenders will be
arrested, tried, and punished. Next, in remote
districts, combinations will be formed for forci-
ble resistance, riots will take place, and mobs
exhibit the opposition generally prevailing but
notyetorganized for systematic resistance; and
after a few mobs have been dispersed and blood
begins to flow, then the insurgents organize for
regular resistance, battles are fought, towns
besieged, &c.; ana then it is civil war.
Now, the precise question is, at what stage
of these proceedings can it be said that a state
of war exists ?
And what I maintain is, that whenever tlie
Government becomes unable to deal with thp
disturbers of its peace by judicial process ami
civil remedies, and is compelled to resort to
an exercise of its war powers to maintain its
authority, and in so doing is still opposed by
the insurgents with systematic forcible resist-
! ance, then public war exists; and of course
war exists the moment this state of things
; exists. There is then a war ; the Government
; is one party belligerent, and the other party is
I that body of rebels acting regularly and con-
stantly in opposition to the Government with
such vigor and strength as to make it necessary
for the Government to employ its army and
navy and resort to actual military operations
to maintain its authority.
Mr. Webster, in his Bunker Hill oration, a
composition in which words are well consid-
ered and accurately employed, says:
"The battle of Bunker Hill was attended with the
most important effects beyond its immediate results
as a military engagement. It created at once a state
of open, public war."
And Mr. Webster, in his celebrated Hayne
speech, in which he demolished the theory that
the relation of the States to the Union was
one of compact, holds the same language. He
describes tne steps to be taken to resist a law
of Congress, and shows that it must be by
force, and adds:
"Mr. President, the honorable gentleman would
be in a dilemma like that of another great general.
Ho would have a knot before him which he could
not untie. Ho must cut it with his sword. He must
say to his followers, "Defend yourselves with your
bayonetsand this is war—civil war."
In Lutherrs. Borden,(7 Howard, 45,) Taney,
t C. J., delivering the opinion of the court, says:
"If the government of Rhode Island deemed the
armed opposition so formidable and so ramified
throughout the State as to require the usoof its mil-
itary force and the declaration of martial law, we see
no ground upon which this court can question its
authority. It was a state of war, and the established
government resorted to the rights and usages of war
to maintain itself and to overcome unlawful oppo-
sition."
The great Chief Justice here gives the very
tost which I claim should be applied to determ-
ine whether war exists between Spain and the
people of Cuba. The island may be filled with
murderers and robbers, but so long as the
Government can deal with the offenders by civil
remedies, and punish them by judicial pro-
ceedings or by any peaceful means, then there
is lawlessness, but no war. But the moment that
systematic, organized opposition to the Gov-
ernment becomes "so formidable and so ram-
ified throughout the island" as to require the
use of military force to put down the unlawful
opposition, then it is a state of war. War can-
not exist without at least two belligerents being
engaged in it. The Government is one, and the
combination against which the Government
prosecutes war must be the other.
The Supreme Court of the United States, in
the Prize cases, 2 Black, 666, say:
" The parties belligerent in a public war are inde-
pendent nations. But it is not necessary to consti tute
war that both parties should be acknowledged as in-
dependent nations or sovereign States. A war may
exist where one of the belligerents claims sovereign
rights as against another." * * * * ".As
a civil war is never publicly proclaimed, eo nomine,
against insurgents, its actual existence is a fact ni
our domestic history which the court is bound to
notice and to know." * * * * It
not necessary that the independence of the revol r,e<l
province or State be acknowledged in order to con-
stitute it a party belligerent in a war according- to
the law of nations." ♦ * . * * . H10,1™0
test of its existence, as found in the writings ot the
sages of the common law, may be thus suipinarily
stated: ' When the regular course of justice is inter-
rupted by revolt, rebellion, or insurrection, en th.it
the courts of justice cannot be kept open, civil war
exists, and hostilities may be prosecuted on the same
footing as if those opposing the Government were
foreign enemies invading the land.'"
Now, sir, let us for a moment turn to the
troubles in Rhode Island, which were solemnly
declared by the grandest deliberative tribunal
on earth to be a state of war, and compare it
