1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4779
admission. That is the object of the pending
bill. It is in the usual form, with the condi-
tions applied to several other States.
But here comes in another trouble. About
two years ago the people of Georgia held an
election under the enabling act of Congress, and
selected persons to act as State officers after
admission. Under the impression that the
State was admitted, a part of these gentlemen,
in July, 1868, entered upon the discharge of
their duties and continued to act as State officers
until Congress passed the act of December 22,
I860, since which time they have been again
called provisional.
Now. Mr. Speaker, inasmuch as these gentle-
men were elected about two years ago, and
inasmuch as they have acted as provisional
officers most of the time since, it is proposed
that Congress shall, in the act admitting the
State, order a new election.
Before we act upon this proposition, cer-
tainly before we ordera new election, we ought
to consider the legal rights of the parties to be
affected by it, to wit: the officers themselves,
and the people vilio have elected them. The
constitution of Georgia provides that the mem-
bers of the Legislature shall hold their office
for the term of two years and the Governor for
the ienn of four years. Congress approved this
lea tare of the constitution as republican in form
in July, 18C8. In April, 18GS, the people of
Georgia held their first election. A Governor
and Legislature were chosen, but not to act as
provisional officers during the time that might
elapse before the State should be admitted. The
people had no authority to do that, either from
their own convention or from Congress. But
they were expressly chosen to act as the first
set of State officers whenever Georgia should
be clothed with the dignity of a State. The
commission from the people gave no authority
to these gentlemen to do anything prior to the
admission of the State except to await that
admission. In the meanwhile Georgia was en-
tirely uudcr the control of tlie Federal Govern-
ment.
That Government might authorize, permit,
or suffer these same gentlemen to act as pro-
visional officers while awaiting admission, as
has been done in other Slates both before and
since, and in point of fact did so; but that did
not enlarge or diminish their right or duties
under the people's commission. It follows,
then, as a legal conclusion, that whenever the
State is admitted the official term of these gen-
tlemen begins, and not before. And then the
constitution of Georgia provides how long they
shall continue. If the State was admitted in
1868 their term began then, whether they en-
tered upon their duties or not; but if admitted
now their term begins now, however employed
in the meanwhile. And if we now pass any
act for the admission of the State it settles the
whole question, because such an act is a con-
gressional decision that there was no such act
iu 1868, which congressional decision, accord-
ing to the Supreme Court decision in the case
of Rhode Island, precludes all further inquiry.
The constitutional result, therefore, of a sim-
ple act of admission is to authorize these offi-
cers-elect to enter upon the discharge of their
duties, and to continue therein the full term
prescribed by the constitution of Georgia.
Now, if we intend to exclude these men from
office, or to shorten their terms, we must do
just what this amendment of the gentleman
irom Illinois proposes to do, order the State
to hold a new election after its admission. This
proposition involves two consideiations.
Firs!. Have we the constitutional power thus
to o\erride, interdict, or interpret the consti-
(:r it)it uf Georgia in this particular ? The Con-
si .iiition of die United States clearly authorizes
Cougu-ssto see that the constitution of a State
:ip;>!\iug fur admission is republican in form,
il itherto we have gone no further than this. To
be sn iv, we have not always agreed as to what a
lepubbean form of government is. The Consti-
tution does not define it, and each one therefore
setsup his own standard. Some membershold
that a government is not republican in form
unless voting, office holding, and education are
equaliy open to all, and in prescribing condi-
tions to the admission of a State have voted
accordingly.
The pending proposition goes much further
than that. It assumes authority, I think, never
before claimed, certainly never before exer-
cised. It does not pretend to touch the form
of government over which we have jurisdiction,
but assumes control over matters purely min-
isterial. It assumes the right to dictate to a
State when she shall hold her election for
State officers, and how long these officers shall
be permitted to act. In principle it assumes
control over the entire ministerial machinery
of a State government. The clause in the
Constitution of the United States which gives
us jurisdiction over the form of State govern-
ment gives us none over its ministerial pro-
visions. Perhaps, however, we have that
power, derived from some other source. It is
not now my purpose to deny it. But if, as
many persons think, a condition touching the
form of government is scarcely constitutional,
where can they find authority to prescribe a
condition touching only a ministerial duty of
the State?
Second. But admitting that we have the
power to turn these officers out, and order a
new election, is it just and proper that we
should use it? They were fairly elected. I
have shown that their term was to begin when
the S'ate should be admitted. I have shown
that the State was not admitted in 18G8; that
it ought to be admitted now, and that the con-
stitutional result of such admission entitles
these gentlemen to enter upon the discharge
of their official duties and continue therein
for the full term. Why should Congress inter-
fere to exclude them?
Are they incapable? It was said that the
Governor had once been a superintendent of
an express company. That is no disparage-
ment. It requires as much talent and char-
acter for that position as it does for Governor
of any State in the Union. The bitterness
with which he is pursued by the late enemies
of the Union attests both his fidelity to the
Constitution and his ability to foil their mach-
inations against it. It' was also said that some
of the legislators were deficient in education.
If that is so, whose fault is it except the fault
of the complainants? They made it a crime
for these men to read either the Constitution
or the Bible. They lock the fountains of
knowledge and taunt their victims with ignor-
ance. They shut out the light of Heaven and
complain of imperfect sight. If this charge
of ignorance was well founded these critics
ought to be the last persons to make it, and
the first to bear with, forgive, and overlook it.
But it is not well founded. The criticised men
have excellent natural capacity, considerable
observation, education, and experience, and,
withal, an earnest disposition to seek and do
the right, even to their former despoilers and
present persecutors.
Are they dishonest? Nothing of the kind
has been alleged in this debate, much less
proved. Vituperative language, insinuation
of wrong, has been applied to the Governor,
but who in public life is exempt from that?
Do they lack oouiage to meet the turbulent
times and turbulent men of the State? I un-
derstand not. On the contrary, they have
stood up with wonderful firmness, and inspired
the Union people with great patience, hope,
and forbearance. They have exposed their
own lives to protect the weak, and upheld the
cause of the Union among the bold and reck-
less disturbers of the peace with which they
are surrounded. Do they join hands with
violent men for the oppression of the people?
Are their names enrolled with the secret clans
whose purpose is to threaten, intimidate, mal-
treat, and murder? No, sir. They and their
friends are rather the victims of these min-
isters of darkness. All have suffered ; many
have fallen at the hands of these masked
demons. These at least are beyond the reach
of our friendly ostracism. Their enemies, the
Kuklux, did the business. And in the dark ,
councils of these malignant spirits our propo- K
sition to ostracize the survivors would pass j
with a yell.
If, then, these officers are capable men,
honest men, firm Union men, legally entitled
to and not legally disqualified for these offices,
why should we undertake to legislate them out?
Were they not fairly elected ? No one denies
it; but they were elected in 1868, it is said.
So were you, Mr. Speaker, and all the rest of
us, and they were elected for just this purpose,
namely, to come into office when the State
should come into place. Do the electors
repent of their choice? No, sir. On the con-
trary, they entreat you through their news-
papers, by public meetings, in private letters,
and by representatives sent to your capital, not
to set aside an election which on their side was
so fairly conducted and so honestly and trium-
phantly won, though at the hazard of life. I
know there are some political rivals, some mal-
contents, some sore-heads who seek another
chance of personal success. It is always so.
All parties in all the States are afflicted with
discontented and factious men who always
think the State is going to ruin if they are out
of office. The men are fit, the people who
elected them are content, the law as it now
stands entitles them to office, and the consti-
tution of Georgia defines their terms. What
more can be found to complain of?
Why, sir, it all comes down to this: by the ;
permission or sufferance of the Federal Gov- "
ernment they have been acting as provisional
officers for the last year and a half, part of that
time in the belief that the State had been ad-
mitted. Why should that exclude them after
the State shall be in fact admitted? It is not
pretended that it interposes a legal disqualifi-
cation, nor that they are the woise for a little
experience. They have held office a short time
before! This at last is the great objection. It
is a trifling objection. It does not become the
Congress of this great Republic to assume such
extraordinary power to accomplish so small an
object, even if the object were meritorious.
But the object is not meritorious. The motives
and argufhent of the case should incline us
rather to the other side. If we were to inter-
fere at all it should be to secure to these officers
the places to which the people have called
them during the constitutional term. We might
then hope, not that the Union men in Georgia
would ha free from insult, attack, and assas-
sination, but that an honest effort would be
made to punish open, midday murder.
Mr. Speaker, I have thus stated the history,
the theory, the principle of the case. Let me
again inquire, what great purpose is to be sub-
served by this stretch of our constitutional
power? \Yhen Congress provided that all con-
tracts should be satisfied with Government
promises, not then and not yet redeemable, a
great many patriotic people feared that wc had
exceeded our power. When Mr. Lincoln issued
his great proclamation of freedom, its consti-
tutionality was questioned even by some of it.-i
advisers. But here was a great purpose, the
preservation of the Republic and the elevation
of a long-injured race. The constitutional
question was lost in the magnitude of the pur-
pose. What great national or humane purpose
is contemplated by this proposition ? None,
sir ; none. We assume unusual power, uncon-1
ceded power; we go further than Congress has !
ever gone before, not to save a nation, not to
lift up a race, but to filch a. few months from
the constitutional terms of the officers-elect for
an incoming State. Our political enemies
support it. They have often charged us with
assuming cxtraoidinary power during the ter-
