2892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
CIVILIZATION OF INDIANS.
The Secretary. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill (S. No. 640) to promote the
civilization of the Indians and to prepare them
for the rights and duties of citizenship.
Mr. STEWART. I object to that being
considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
WITHDRAWAL OF SPIRITS.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask unanimous consent
to proceed to the consideration of the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 179) for extending the
time for the withdrawal of spirits from distillery
warehouses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the order adopted for to-day states
that no other business shall be in order except
the consideration of bills on the Calendar as
they are reached. Nothing can be taken up
out of ita order except by unanimous consent.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask unanimous consent.
It is a matter that wilt not occupy time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Delaware asks unanimous consent to proceed
to the consideration of the bill indicated byhim.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We shall reach it after
awhile.
Mr. BAYARD. It is a House resolution
for extending the time for the withdrawal of
spirits from distillery warehouses.
Mr. POMEROY. Is it not on the Calendar?
Mr. BAYARD. It is on the Calendar, with
a report from the Finance Committee adverse
in its character; but at the same time I will
explain why I think it should be passed.
Mr. POMEROY. Wait until it is reached;
then we shall hear the Senator explain it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is objected to.
It requires unanimous consent to take it up
out of order.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall not object when
we reach it. I want to reach it on the Calen-
dar in its place.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. This day has
been reserved by order of the Senate for hills
not objected to. The Secretary will report the
next bill on the Calendar.
BILLS OBJECTED TO.
The Secretary. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill (S. No. 77) for the preserva-
tion of the harbors and navigable rivers of the
United States against encroachments.
Mr. BAYARD. Let that bill go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over. The Secretary will report the
next bill.
The Secretary. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill (S. No. 114) to enforce the
fourteenth article of amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mi-. STEWART. I hope that will be taken
up.
Mr, TRUMBULL, I am ready to vote upon
it without any discussion.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
over. The next will be reported.
The Secretary. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill (S. No. 84) to carry into effect
the decree of the district court of the United
States for the southern district of New York
in the case of the British steamer Labuan.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it go over.
Mr. SUMNER. No; do not object to that.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 think this bill should go
over.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there objection to the
consideration of this bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware asks that it shall be passed
over. The Secretary will report the next bill.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 withdraw the objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the bill be read.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows;
Be it enacted, &e„ That there be paid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to William Bailey, William Lectham, and John
Leetham, of England, or their legalrepresan tatives,
owners of the British steamer Labuan, $131,221 30,
with interest from June 2,1862, to the time of pay-
ment, and S3,000 without interest: also, to Messrs.
De Jersey & Co., of England, or their legal repre-
sentatives, part owners of the cargo of the same
steamer, 83,613 92, with interest from May 21,1862,
to the time of payment; and to Francisco Armendaiz,
of Matamoras, Mexico, or his legal representatives,
part owner of the cargo of the same steamer, 82,007 17,
with interest from June 6,1862, to the time of pay-
ment; such sums being duo under a decree or the
district court of the United States for tho southern
district of New York, pronounced March 25,1868, on
account of the illegal capture of the British steamer
Labuan and her cargo by a cruiser of the United
States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
report in that case read.
Mr. SUMNER. I will state to the Senate
that the report consists of a communication
from the Department of State, making a state-
ment of the facts, and inclosing a copy of the
decree of the district court. The bill is simply
founded on that decree.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think wo ought not to
pass a bill involving so large an amount with-
out hearing the report read.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is to pay a judg-
ment of the district court, I understand.
Mr. SUMNER. The decree went up to the
Supreme Court of the United States, and was
affirmed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to hear enough of
the report to ascertain the facts.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; here it is:
"The judgment was,by decree of March 25,1868,
confirmed in all respects, and final judgment ren-
dered in favor of the claimants for the respective
sums awarded."
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, let the Secretary
read the report.
The Secretary read as follows:
Department op State,
Washington, April 13, 1868.
Sir: The British steamer Labuan, owned by Wil-
liam Bailey and William Leetham, residents of
Kingston, England, arid John Leetham, a resident
of York, with her cargo, owned in pafrt by Andrew
Ferrieks, John H. Ferricks, and Julius Knoop,com-
posing the firm of De Jersey & Co., of Manchester,
England, (all of the above parties being British sub-
jects,) and in part by Francisco Armcndaiz, a Span-
ish subject resident in Matamoras, was captured on
tho 1st day of February, 1862, by the Uftited States
sloop Portsmouth, about four miles off the coast of
I Texas, near the small town of Rocca Chica.
I The vessel and cargo were taken to the port of
I New York, and March 29,1862, libeled in the dis-
trict court of the United States for tho southern dis-
I trict of New York as lawful prize.
! The owners of the vessel and cargo interposed
i their respective claims denying tho legality of tho
capture, and alleging that at the timeof capture the
! vessel was lying at the usual anchorage of vessels of
! her character trading with Matamoras.
Said district court by a decree of tho 21st of May,
1862, ordered the immediate restitution of tho ves-
sel and cargo to the claimants, and reserved all ques-
tions of oosts and damages for future consideration.
It having been referred to a special commissioner
of the court to ascertain and report the amount of
damages sustained by the claimants by reason of th&
illegal capturo of the vessel and cargo, his report,
made March 17,1868, awarded to the owners of tho
Labuan $181,820, including interest to tho date of
report; to Messrs. De Jersey & Co., as part owners
of cargo, $4,786 30, including interest to same date;
and to Francisco Armendaiz, as part owner of cargo,
$2,783 73, including interest to date of report.
This judgment was, by decree of March 25,1S68,
confirmed in all respects, and final judgment ren-
dered in favor of tho claimants for tho respective
sums awarded.
From this decree there has been no appeal, and
this Department is not informed that any appeal is
expected to be taken.
Mr. Thornton, H. B. M., by note of April 4, pre-
sented the case to this Department with a request
that it take the steps nccessary to secure the pay-
ment of the sums decreed.
I respectfully request that yon will bring this sub-
ject to the attention of Congress, with the view to
the appropriation of a sufficient sum to disohargo the
national obligations in the premises.
I am, sir, your obedient servant.
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Hon. Charles Sumner,
Chairman of Committee on Foreign MelatiofU,
Senate Chamber, Washington, D. C.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will do.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I observe that the bill
provides for the payment of interest on this
amount of money from 1862.
Mr. SUMNER. The date of the decree.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No; the date when the
vessel was seized. The commissioner reports
that he finds a certain amount of damages due
to the owners of the vessel, including interest.
I think, therefore, the bill will pay interest
twice if passed in its present form.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think the Senator is mis-
taken in that. There is a second letter from,
the Secretary of State. The Clerk will be good
enough to read the next letter.
The Secretary read as follows:
Department of State.
Washington, June 8,1SG3.
Sir : I havo the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your note of the 4th instant, requestin gas tatemeut
of tho particulars of the commissioner's award m
the case of the steamer Labuan. I incloso herewith
a copy of the commissioner's report.
The reasons why interest on tho damages for deten-
tion and for different portions of tho cargo are com-
puted from different dates are not expressly stated,
but are apparent. Restitution was ordered by tlio
court on trie 21st May, 1802, but the commissioner
awarded $1,000 per diem for tho detention of the ves-
sel for twelve days after that date, during which it
was detained for repairs.
i The portion of the cargo belonging to Mr. F. Armcn-
; daiz would appear not to have been delivered to him
until June 6,1862, and accordingly he computes tho
; interest on its value from February 5,1802. tho time
it would have been received by the consignees in due
course.
It is obviously equitable that interest on tho
respective sums allowed should run from the dates
assigned by the commissioner, and not that it. hould
be compounded by allowance of interest upon tho
interest computed by him, which would involve a loss
to the United States of tho interest on over forty-
eight thousand dollars from the 17th March last till
tho time payment shall bo made.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Hon. Charles Sumner.
Senate Chamber, Washington, D. C.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill is founded on that
' letter
1 Mr." WILLIAMS. I think not. This bill
I provides for paying $131,221 30, with interest
! from June 2, 1862, to the time of payment,
! whereas the commissioner reports the esti-
i mated amount of damages sustained by the
owners of this vessel, including interest from
1862 up to 1868. Now, if we go back of that
report, and pay interest on this amount from
1862, we pay interest twice on the same sum
of money.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will look
further at the decree of the court he will find
this very item: " interest on above from June
2, 1862." On the third page is the decree of
the court. Then there is a counsel fee, being
an item of $5,000, on which the committee did
not allow interest.
Mr. COLE. This seems to be like several
other cases upon the Calendar immediately
following it, simply a claim of British subjects
against the Government of the United States.
We have, as we all know, very large unsettled
accounts between the citizens of these two
Governments and the Governments of the
United States and Great Britain. I do not
know any good reason why we should com-
mence paying off British subjects while there
are large unpaid accounts existing on the part
of our citizens against the British Government.
I for one am opposed to commencing to pay
off these accounts seriatim, in this way, or even
if they are in the form of judgments. Many
of the claims of citizens of the United States
against the British Government are just as dis-
tinct, as well defined, and as easily ascertained
as these claims against our Government. We
have heard from the Senator from Michigan
this morning 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Does the Senator from
| California object to the consideration of this
bill?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; Iolgecttoit.
| Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
object to it.
Mr. COLE. I am opposed to the payment.
| Mr. SUMNER. But will the Senator con-
sider that here is a case of liquidated damages,
i i a decree of our own courts both below and
I above—the Supreme Court and the district
court—and we are simply making an appro-
