1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February Bs
with the state of things now known to exist in
Cuba.
The Rhode Island war was neither long nor
bloody. Mr. Webster, in arguing the case of
Luther vs. Borden, said it " came in one day
and went out the next.'' It disappeared before
the General Government could suppress it. I
am told by the senior Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Anthony] that but one man was
killed, and that he was killed in Massachusetts,
and not in Rhode Island. But it was held a
war, because the State .government had aban-
doned. arrests by civil officers, supported by the
posse comitatus, and bad resorted to military
power and proclaimed martial law.
Now, sir, turn to Cuba. For over a year
the revolution has maintained itself against
the entire military and naval strength of Spain.
And Spain is yet unable to overcome the oppo-
sition. She comes to our shores and contracts
for no inconsiderable fleet—thirty guu-boats—
for what purpose ?. To pursue robbers into the
mountains? No, sir; to blockade the ports of
Cuba. The purchase of these vessels alone is
enough to satisfy any impartial mind that Spain
is prosecuting her claims against the insurgents,
not by peaceable remedies, but by force, which
is war.
There has been published in this country
what purports to be an account of proceedings
in the Cortes of Spain of a recent date, giving
the number of men and ships employed by
Spain in making war upon her subjects of Cuba.
This statement was published in a journal not
enjoying a political reputation that the Senator
from Massachusetts will regard as enviable,
but an exceedingly enterprising newspaper,
and as it is decidedly partial to Spain in the
contest between her and Cuba it may be
assumed to be correct:
"Sefior N avakro. Without any thought of opposi-
tion, on the contrary, with a spirit highly patriotic),
I havo the duty to direct a question to the minister
of war. Will the minister ot war have any objection
or difficulty in remitting to the Assembly a relation
of the number and class of reinforcements sent up to
date to tho island of Cuba; the various dates dis-
patched; the nature of the troops sent; if theywere
bodies of the army already organized or if they have
been organized anew; if the individuals forming them
proceed from the army or from the class of paisanos;
of tho armament given them; of the point where
they received it—if in the peninsulaor if they had to
receive it in the colony; of tbe expenses, where and
by whom satisfied—if by tho Cajas of the peninsula
or if it has to bo received in the colony or by antici-
pations and gifts of the Spaniards resident in the
great AntiJ la; and finally, of the honors and rewards
conceded to tho general officers, chiefs, subalterns,
and soldiers, who, with so much heroism, and passing
through io many privations, and suffering so many
privations and pains, have combatted in that pestif-
erous clime lor the national integrity and tho sacred
banner of the country t 'Ibis is my question.
"General Prim, The minister of war will have no
objection to bring to the Cortes the detail^ asked by
Sefior Navarro y Rodrigo. I cannot at this moment
say the exact number of soldiers who have gone to
Cuba to sustain the integrity of our territory, but I
know that those who havegone since the revolution
ore not less than thirty thousand. I will satisfy Sefior
Navarro in an early session.
'' As good as his word. General Prim gave the parti-
culars asked at a subsequent session. It will be seen
thirty-four thousand five hundred men have been
sent.
"General Prim. Last Saturday Sefior Navarro
asked aseries of questions of the minister of war rela-
tive to the forces sent to the army of Cuba. I should
have liked to have replied fully at the moment, but
it was impossible. I however did say that in my
belief the forces were not less than thirty thousand
men who had been sent to sustain the dignity of
Spain in that island. To-day I have the pleasure to
read a statement of the forces of soa and land, as also
of war material and sanitary stores, sont sinco the
revolution. It reveals a fact truly prodigious in our
present state. It demonstrates the vitality, the
energy, and the will of the Government, the Cortes,
and of Spain entire, to make all kinds of sacrifices to
preserve tho island for the mother oountry.
Iteiinforcemenit tent to Cuba since 2d November, 1868.
Men.
Army   20,966
Marines  2,600
Recruits   .'  1,371
Volunteers   : 9,563
Total  34,500
" This shows what Spain has done and is still dis-
posed to do, if necessary.
o /wF^e war stores sent out are; 24,700 guns, (of these
8,000 aro l'jiiiiehla ami 3,000 lierdans;) 1,000 laucos.
1,000 swords, 250 machett, 24 pieces mounted artil-
lery, 20 Krupp cannons, 4,000 projectiles for above,
22 tons of gunpowder, 68 tons of lead, 22.000,000 car-
tridges, 4,000 correajes. The sanitary stores sent oat
are 12,530 articles, comprising medicine-chests, cases
of surgical instruments, hospital beds, amputating
cases, tents, and other effects. I ask the deputies
to consider what this immense mass of men and
these enormous quantities of material signify, for
immense is the number of 34,500 men sent to Cuba.
For any nation, however peaceful, even the most
powerful, it would have been a great effort to dis-
patch 34,500 men to America.
"The sea forces sent out have been as follows:
iron-clads, Victoria and Zaragoza; frigates, Leal-
tad, Almansa, and Navas; war steamers of large
tonnage, Cadiz, Isabel la Catolica, llornan Cortes,
Pizarro, Borja, San Quintin, and Espana; war brig,
Favorita; storeship, Trinidad. Total,fourteen war
ships of large tonnage, carrying fifteen hundred
sailors.
Notes.
" 1. Those forces, with the armament they carricd,
where received, vessels sent by, date of departure,
&c., are all tabulated in the list from which I read,
and which will bo printed in the Diario of the ses-
sions in full detail.
"2. Tho forces were always sent immediately when
called for by tho Captain General of Cuba, without
other delay than that involved in organizing the
transports. The installments always exceeded the
number asked.
"3. Desirous to terminate the war in the shortest
period possible, the Government, in the month of
September, asked the present Captain General, by
telegraph, how many men he considered necessary
for that objeet, without counting six thousand asked
for to fill up deficiencies. He replied, another six
thousand. Their recruiting and organization was
immediately proceeded with, and there aro now on
the way to Cuba, not six thousand, but eight thou-
sand.
" 4. The expenses havo beensatisfied by tho State,
excepting those of the last expedition, in which have
been spent $2,593,610, given by Spanish peninsulars
resident in Cuba, which has gone in uniforms, boun-
ties, and pay of volunteers from their enlistment
to their embarkation. That spent by tho State
amounts to nearly fifty million reals, ($2,500,000.)
"5. The chiefs, officers, and classes of the expedi-
tionary bodies have gone voluntarily in their various
employs, and all belong to tho army of the peninsula.
Both they and those of the island of Cuba, together
with the soldiers of both proeeedencies, have had
conceded to them the recompenses corresponding to
their merits and services, as proposed by the captains
general who have held command. Thoseonly remain
yet to be dispatched whose particulars were received
by the last mail.
"After reading these details, and laying the docu -
ments upon the table, Prim remarked as follows:
"' These figures are truly honorable for the Span-
ish nation. I hope Sefior Navarro y Rodrigo will be
satisfied with the explanation I havo given, and if
there is anything short I will still supply them. He
asked respecting the thanks and honors conceded to
the army of Cuba. Upon this I have tho pleasure to
answer, that as the propositions of tho captains-gen-
eral have arrived they have been dispatched. All
are already conceded which have arrived at the
ministry of Ultramar except those brought by last
mail, with which I have not yet had time to occupy
myself.'
Sefior Navarro t Romugo. A duty of courtcsy
obliges me to manifest my gratitude to the minister
of war for the promptitude with which ho has been
pleased to satisfy my desires. This, which I ought
not to do as a deputy, I do personally; and I have
great satisfaction inrenderingto his Excellency this
public testimony of gratitude. After this I ought to
say that I am much pleased at these statistics, for
they reveal the energy, the vitality, and the will of
the Spanish people to defend the island of Cuba, to
preserve that province within the great Spanish
nationality; also the grand and heroic efforts the
Government and representatives of the-nation have
made and are disposed to make to preserve the island
of-Cuba forever—forever within the Spanish nation!
Having said this much, I have to declare that it has
not been an act of frivolous ouriosity which has im-
pelled me to ask these particulars from the minister
of war. Very soon there will take place here an
important debate, perh&pB the most important that
can oocupy the Spanish Cortes Constituyentes,
namely, respecting the constitution of Porto Rico,
and then I will have occasion to occupy myself with
some of the information just read by the minister
of war."
Now, Mr. President, in face of these facts,
and in view of the fact that in addition to the
naval force now employed against Cuba, Spain
has recently purchased thirty gun-boats in the
United States to be employed in the same ser-
vice, will the Senator from Massachusetts still
contend that no war exists in Cuba ?
Another feature of this subject is worthy of
consideration. On the 8th of December last
the Senate, by resolution, requested the Presi-
1 dent to communicate, "if in his opinion not
incompatible with the public interest, any in-
formation he may have in his possession in
. regard to the progress of the revolution in
1 Cuba, and tho political and civil condition of
the island." In response to this resolution the
Secretary of State transmitted to the Senate
extracts only from certain correspondence.
At this point two things are worthy of re-
mark. By its resolution the Senate requested
information concerning the progress of the rev-
olution in Cuba, thereby expressing its opinion
that the state of things in Cuba amounted to a
revolution; and second, that the Secretary
of State did not regard it compatible with the
public interest to furnish the entire correspond-
ence; but the President ofthe United States, in
his last annual message, has furnished us much
valuable information, indeed sufficient, in my
opinion, to show that a state ot' war has existed
for more than a year between Cuba and Spain.
He says:
"For moro than a year a valuable province of
Spain, and a near neighbor of ours, in whom all our
people cannot but feel a deep interest, has been strug-
gling for independence and freedom. The people
and Government of the United States entertain the
same warm feelings and sympathies tor the people of
Cubain their ponding struggle that they manifested
thronghout the previous struggles between Spain and
her former colonies in behalf of the latter,"
Again he says:
"The United States, in order to put a stop to blood-
shed in Cuba, and in the interest of a neighboring
people, proposed their good offices to bring the ex-
isting contest to a termination. The offer not being
accepted by Spain on a basis which we believed could
be received by Cuba, was withdrawn. It is hoped that
tbe good offices of the United States may yet prove
advantageous for the settlement of this unhappy
strife."
We are thus officially informed by the Pres-
ident that for more than a year Cuba has been
44 struggling for independence and freedom
and that the United States, ''in order to put a
stop to bloodshed in Cuba," proposed their
good offices " to bring the existing contest to
a termination;" and that the offer not being
accepted by Spain, on a basis which "could
be received by Cuba, was withdrawn," but that
the President still hoped that the good offices
of the United States might 44 yet prove advan-
tageous for the settlement of this unhappy
strife." It is true that the President also ex-
pressed the opinion that this state of things did
not amount to a state of war. But, sir, we
are quite at liberty to form our own opinions
and exercise our own judgment upon the facts
of the case as stated by the President. A strug-
gle existing for more than a year on the part
of Cuba to establish its independence and
freedom, leading to such degree of bloodshed
as to induce this great Republic to interfere
and offer its good offices between Cuba and
Spain for the settlement of the strife, is unques-
tionably a state of war; and, sir, the tender
by this Government of its good offices between
Cuba and Spain, to stay bloodshed and settle
the contest, was as clear a recognition of the
fact of belligerency as was ever made by this
or any other Government in an j case whatever.
In no other way did the United States ever
recognize the fact of the belligerency of the
South American Spanish provinces than in
diplomatic correspondence and in the messages
of our Presidents to Congress; and yet our
Supreme Court decided that in those cases the
United States had recognized belligerency and
promised neutrality.
In a legal sense, and within the meaning of
the law of nations, the state of things existing
in Cuba must be either peace or war; peace,
with Spain attempting to arrest and punish
criminals by the methods of civil administra-
tion, or war, with Spain exercising her war
power to subject the island by military opera-
tions. There is no middle ground; there is
no twilight condition between the state of peac e
and the state of war. Peace continues until
war begins; when war begins, peace ends.
Now, sir, I ask the Senator from Massachu-
setts to which of these categories—peace or
war—does the condition of things in Cuba
belong? Did the United States ever interfere,
did any nation having the slightest self-respect
ever interfere in the civil administration ot
another nation, tendering its good offices be-
tween the Government and its criminal subjects
