4780
* THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
ribio struggle with the rebellion. They go
ranch further now. Let us not follow them
into this untrodden field of questionable power
for the mere purpose of attacking our friends.
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before the gen-
tleman proceeds, I desire to ask whether lie
was authorized by the Committee on Recon-
struction to report the amendment which he
has offered ?
Mr. FARNSWORffl. Yep, I am author-
ized to offer it by eight members, a majority
of the committee.
Mr. Speaker, I have listened attentively to
ilie remarks of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scofield] who has just resumed
his seat, and I am not surprised that he should
be somewhat confused amid the multiplicity
of congressional action in reference to Gporgia.
1 trust I may have the attention of the House
torthe few moments which I propose to occupy.
This is a very important question, and 1 shall
not spend time in discussing whether Georgia
was admitted in 18G8 or not. I shall only allude
to that, point, for that is not really the bone of
contention in this matter. It is not of much con-
sequence, so far as the solution of the question
now before the House is concerned, whether we
now decide whether Georgia was in the Union
in 1868 or not. I only allude to the fact, as a
part of the history of events, that we did admit
the members from Georgia, 'five or six of them,
during the last Congress, and that they served
out their time. And I will allude, in correc-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to the
statute enacted in 1868. I call the attention
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to this stat-
ute and to its title. He says that the State of
Georgia was never admitted, atid that no act
ever passed providing for its admission. This
is " An act admitting the States of North Car-
olina. South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia,
Alabama, and Florida to representation in Con-
gress," approved June 2-3, 1868. That, ret pro-
vided that when those States should do cer-
tain things, should elect a Legislature, should
ratify the fourteenth amendment, &e., the mil-
itary officer in command of those departments
should turn over the authority which the recon-
struction acts had vested in him to the constitu-
tional authorities which should be elected in
pursuance of those constitutions, which in that
act it was declared had been ratilied by flic
voters of those States, and were republican in
form.
Wo desired that when that should be done
their Representatives should be admitted. In
pursuance of that act all the other States men-
tioned sent their Senators and Representatives
here, and they were admitted. The Repre-
sentatives of Georgia were admitted on this
floor, but her Senators were kept out in the
other end of the Capitol, because of the illegal
and improper act of the Legislature of that
State, after they elected their Senators, in ex-
pelling the colored members of the Legislature.
Nothing else was done in reference to the other
States named in this act. No other .affirmative
legislation was had, none in the world except
this one single act, which is entitled an act to
admit those States, Georgia included. In con-
sequence of the illegal act of the Legislature in
the improper expulsion of the colored mem-
bers, Congress last December took them in
hand, the Senators having been kept out of
the Senate, and we re-reconstructed the State,
and provided for the restoration of the colored
men; and they have been restored to their seats
in the Legislature.
But the Legislature during the past two
years have held regular sessions and have
enacted laws. Mr. Bullock,the Governor-elect,
has signed laws, issued his messages, and done
everything that, the Governor of a State could
of right do. But I am a little ahead of the
story. In pursuance of the reconstruction acts,
General Meade issued his proclamation, and
turned the State over to the civil authorities,
and reported his act to General Grant, then
General of the Army; and General Grant, in
one of his last dispatches to Meade, acknowl-
edges the receipt of his communication. Gen-
eral Meade had had the question before him as
to what oath the Legislature should take,
whether they should take the test-oath pro-
vided by Congress to be taken by all officers of
a provisional government; and in reference to
that, a dispatch, signed by Mr. Bout,well, then
a member of Congress and chairman of the
Reconstruction Committee; by Mr. dames F.
Wilson, then chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary ol this House ; by the gentleman
from V; iseonsin, [Mr. Painh,] and myself', had
been communicated to General Meade. This
dispatch was originally sent.to Louisiana as the
opinion of those gentlemen. General Meade
said that it coincided with his views : and he
administered to the Legislature and to the offi-
cers of the State government then elected, not
the test-oath, but the oath provided in their
State constitution, which was in accordance
with this opinion.
Now, in reference to that General Grant
said;
IlfiANQVARTKliS, Y\ Ai: DlCt' VKTMKXT,
Yv amumw'OV, i). (J., Apnt 1S0S.
ATajoi (iiMicnUCilvoRa^ (>'. MIWDK,
('ouoiKtiuiiit'f Third Militia i/ Dtstj !< l.•
I hii\ o c:;rct'uily3 e:'.d your 1o1 ler oi Hi! h April, and
its ine!o?nre<. j roc nollihur in them to clunsc my
opinion i'< exi>i\>>eii lo you in joy dispute h of M:u<di ;
The officers elected under the now constitution of
Georgia tiro not oihceiv of ih«i provisional govern-
ment referred to in ihc reconstruct ion nets, nor aro
1 hey oiiioeis eleeied under any so-c.tlled rftut e author-
itv, and :uo not therefore requue.l to t.ike the o.uh
piocribed m paction nine, a'-t of .Inly Ii), lSf>7. The
eligibility Ifdd o(3iee mu.u be determined by rhc
new ron.-tiiution. anM hie amend'.nonl to the Consti-
tution of the United Stale-1, Ue.-i^naUd u--- uilrlo
fourteen.
I1. N. OIlAX'f, Gonentf.
Now, that settled the question that there
| was a State, did it not; State authorities, a
| civil government set up under the Coustilu-
i tion, duly ratified by the legal voters ot the
j State, in pursuance of the reconstruction acts
of Congress? C,m there be a question about
that? 1 submit, to any fair-minded man, I
submit, to any man of judgment, I submit to
any lawyer, can then; ba a question of it,
when the offices of that State weie turned over
to the civil authorities thus elected, whose qual-
ilications were to be determined by their con-
stitution and not by the reconstruction acts,
and they took th<; oath prescribed by their
constitution, and set, to work legislating for
their State as provided in their constitution?
I ask the House now whether their tenure of
office did not then be^in? for there is " where
the gazebo comes in,1' to use a common west-
ern phrase.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. l-'ARNSW 0RT1L Yes, if you will be
brief. I have agreed to give away a good por-
tion of my time.
Mr. SCOHKLI). I v,';sh to ask him if he
means to payor thinks that anything which the
officers-elect of Georgia or the military down
there might say or do or think about this ques-
tion of atlmission would admit, the State or tend
to admit the Stale? I understand the gentle-
man to be putting some stress upon their action
as to admitting the State. And then l would
ask whether he claims that the people of Geor-
gia had any power to select, oflicers to act as
State officers until the State was admitted?
Mr. FARNSWORTI-L Why, Mr. Speaker,
of course the officers of that State could do
something which should lend toward the admis-
sion of the State, provided they did that thing
in pursuance of authority given them by Con-
gress.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Oh, yes.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. That is all they have
done; that is all there is of it. The officers
elected by that State must do something; and
■what? Why, they must ratify the amendment
to the Constitution known as article fourteen.
We required that they must fulfill certain other
conditions; we required that t.hey should take
the oath which should qualify them, because
their State constitution, which we ratified, re-
quired it. And then our act provided that after
they should do that General Meade, then com-
manding there, should turn over the State to
the civil authorities under the State constitu-
tion. That was done. Everything had now
been done to set the State upon its legs, so far
as the authority to legislate in that State was
concerned. Everything had been done that
could possibly bo done to make the State a
State except to admit her representatives in
both branches of Congress. They Kere admit-
ted in this branch, but not in the other.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I come to the real ques-
tion which is in dispute here. And I still fur-
ther invoke the attention of the House, for I
do hope that we may reach a solution of this
vexed question soma, time, and that soon.
God knows we have had it here up and down
frequently enough, and the people of Georgia
want the matter settled. Every man who wishes
well to the State of Georgia ; every man who
owns a loot of real estate iu that State ; every
man whose permanent home is there, whether
he be white or black; every man of intelli-
gence and integrity, wants Congress to settle
this vexed question of Georgia, and to settle
it once for all.
I said that I come now to the real bone of
contention. What is it? It is, shall the terms
of office of the members of the Legislature and
of the State officers of Georgia be prolonged
two years beyond the time provided in the
constitution of the State of Georgia? It will be
recollected thai when Georgia was here last
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
u:t:, j who reported this bill from the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction, at first moved an
amendment affirmatively providing that the
Legislature of that .State should hold over until
the year 1872. Subsequently that gentleman
withdrew his amendment, and the House,
instead of it, adopted by a large majority an
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bixoiiam,] providing that there
should be an election in the fall of 1S70, as
provided in the constitution of Georgia.
It will be remembered by those who paid
any attention to the debates in the House at,
that time that the principal argument was—and
my friend who sits opposite me here [Mr. Law-
rence] made a very able and lengthy argument
upon that question—the principal argument
was upon the question of the tenure of office,
and the effect of our legislation upon Georgia
in regard to when their constitution should take
effect, and when the terms of their State offi-
cers should begin. And it, was held that, with-
out any provision in our law as to when they
should hold their State election, by a proper
construction of these different acts those offi-
cers would hold over unless we put iu a clause
providing that they should not hold over.
Every member of this House who knows
anything about the history of this matter knows
very well that such is the claim set up by Gov-
ernor Bullock and all his friends in Georgia.
Ihey claim that the act ot last December, and
the act which we may now pass providing for
the admission of Georgia, if properly con-
strued would prolong the term of office of the
Legislature of that State until 1872; and by
the same logic of course it prolongs the term
of office of Governor Bullock two years beyond
the time which the constitution of Georgia pro-
vides, as well as the office of every other officer
of that State.
I he constitution of Georgia provides for an
election of members of the Legislature every
two years ; and also provides that the term of
office oi the Governor of Georgia shall be four
years, llie State officers of G-eorgia were in-
augurated two years ago; but they hold that
that inauguration goes for nothing, that they
