i87a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
1005
who are amenable to its municipal law ? No,
sir. By this mediation the United States stands
upon thediplomatic recordsof the world recog-
nizing the fact that war exists between Spain
and Cuba, or in legal and precisely equivalent
phrase, recognizing the belligerency of Spain
and the belligerency of Cnba.
In the absence of official information we
must resort to snch sources of information as
are within our reach. It is asserted by the pub-
lic press of this country, and not denied to my
knowledge, that our Secretary of State, on the
13th of October last, in a communication to the
Spanish minister, held the following language:
" The civil war in Cuba has continued for a year;
battle after battle has been fought, thousands of
lives hare been sacrificed, and the result is still in
suspense. But the United States have hitherto re-
sisted the considerations which in 1861 controlled
the action of Spain and determined her to act upon
the occurrence of a single bloodless conflict of arms,
and within sixty days from its date." *      
"This principle has .controlled their proceedings
with regard to the war in Cuba. It does not, how-
ever, admit the indefinite protraction of a conflict in
a contiguous territory, such as that which has existed
for the {Mist year in that island; a conflict marked
with cruelties and destruction and devastation with-
out parallel in modern civilized warfare."
It is evident, sir, that a change has taken
place in the sentiments and opinions of the
executive department npon this subject. If
onr Secretary of State employed this language
attributed to him, it is clear- that in October >
last be believed that the condition of things in
Cuba amounted to a state of war. It must have
been in suoh, belief that the President offered
mediation between Spain and Cuba. It is not
intimated in the message that the condition
of things in Cuba had materially changed be-
tween the date of the President's offer of medi-
ation and the date of the message. On the
contrary, the President in this message ex-
presses the hope "that the good offices of the
United States may yet prove advantageous for
the settlement of this unhappy strife.''
The President, in his message, further says t.
" The people ami Government of the United States
entertain the same warm feelings and sympathies for
the people of Cuba in their pending struggle that
they manifested throughout the previous struggles
between Spain and h#r former colonies, in behalf of
the latter.
The President here correctly states the feel-
ing and sympathy of the American people.
But, sir, if the Government participates in this
sympathy, it must be oonfessed.that it has been
extremely unfortunate in its method of express-
ing it.
In a letter of Mr. Forsythe,'Secretary of
States to the Mexican minister, he says:
"It is a weH-kfrown fact that the vessels of the
South American provinces were ^admitted intothe
ports of the United States ;under their own or any
other flags from the commencement of the revolu-
tion ,* and It is equally true that throughout the va-
rioos Civil contests that have taken place at different
periods among the States that sprung from that rev-
olution, the vessels of each of the contending parties
nave been alike permitted to enter the ports'of this
country. It has never been held necessary, as & pre-
liminary to the extension of the rights of hospitality
to either, that the chances of the war should be bal-
anced and the possibility of eventual success determ-
ined. For this purpose it baa been deemed suffi-
cient that the party nad declared its independence,
and at the time WbsaCtnally maintaining it. Such'
having been the course hitherto pnrstaed by thisGov-
crnment,however important it might be to consider
the probability of success if a question should arise
as to the recognition of the independence of Texas,
it 13 n ot to be expected ihat it should be made a pre-
requisite tothe mere exercise of hospitality implied
by the admission of the vessels of that country'into
our ports. Ex, -Doc., leeond session Twenty-Fourth
Qongresti No. 2, p. 79.
This, sir, is the American doctrine, pare and
simple. We will not wait to pars critical and
captious judgment npon the probable result of
a revolution by which a people is attempting
to achieve its independence. It is enough for
ns to know that snch contest exists; and we will
extend the right hand of fellowship and the
hospitality of our ports to the struggling eol-
°ny as soon as its head is so far above the
water as to be heard demanding its belligerent
nghts. Upon no doctrine short of this can any
American statesman vindicate himself to his
constituents.
Third. The third proposi tion of the Senator
from Massachusetts is in substance that Cuba
or Cubans may be levying war against Spain,
bat that Spain is only exercising her executive
functions in order to establish her authority)
but is not levying war. This is really nothing
more than a Tostateinent in different language
of his second proposition. That I may not mis-
represent the Senator I will qaotfe hiB language i
"¥o all know that two or three or four or adozen
persons may-levy war against the Government, may
levy war against ttao king. A traitor levies War against
the, king. The king, when he proceeds against the
traitor, does not levy war. He simply proceeds in
the exercise of his executive functions in order to
establish his authority) And in the spirit of that
illustration I am disposed to believe that the United
States were perfectly justifiable, even under this
statute, in arresting the Hornet; but they would not
be justifiable in arresting the Spanish gun-boats.
The Hornet was levying war against Spain, and
therefore subject to arrest. The gun-boats are levy-
ing no war, simply because the insurrection against
which they are to be used had not reaohed the con-
dition of war."
Here the Senator at one bound has cleared
the "outer battlements" of statesmanship and
descended to the technicalities of the Old Bai-
ley. This I do not regret, because it removes
the discussion from the twilight of the law of
nations into the sunlight of municipal law,
where the authorities are clear and certain,
and where we may tread with a more assured
step.
If two or mote persons enter into a combi-
nation to overthrow the Government or change
its form, or even to resist the execution of a
general law by force, and do any overt act in
pursuance of such combination and in execu-
tion of such purpose, then, within the lan-
guage of the English statute against treason,
and within the provision of the Constitution
of the United States, they are guilty of levy-
ing war; or, in other words, they are guilty of
treason.
The traitors thus commit an act of war
against the king, within the sense of municipal
criminal law, albeit the king only smiles at the
attempt and sends his constable with a warrant
to arrest and punish the offenders in the judicial
courts dr after the ordinary methods of civil
administration. If the king does only this,
the war is on one side only j a war that may
be '>' suppressed by affidavits.'' But when the
constable goes to arrest the traitors, if they
will not be arrested, and the constable, aided
by the posse cotnitalus, cannot attest them;
if, in other words, thetraitors are in such force
that they cannot be dealt with by civil means,
and the kingis compelled, in order to preserve
his authority, to resort to an exercise of his
war powers, to call out an army and march
against the traitors, and they still resist the
military array of the king, and battles are
fought, then the king Is levying war upon the
traitors, as well as the traitors upon the king.
In other words, there are two patties, the
king and the insurgents, Contending against
each other with force ; and this is war, within
the meaning of the law of nations. This ele-
ment of duration is only material as an item
of evidence to show thAt the revolt is too
powerful to be suppressed except by military
operations. Bat whenever it is manifest that
an Actual contest is progressing between the
king and tbe rebels according to modes of
warfare among nations, ■frton thafc moment a
state of war exists ; belligerency exists. The
king is one of the belligerents, and the com-
bination of rebels against which he is cob-
ducting military operations is the other bel-
ligerent ; and from that moment ah impartial
nation ought to hold itself td the observance
of neutral duties toward the contending parties.
The Senator from Massachusetts did not say,
bnt a portion of the press of the country, sym-
pathizing with Spain in this discussion, main-
tains that to libel these gun-boats would be a
recognition of the belligerency of Cuba, and
that it would be absurd to try the question of
belligerency in a proceeding the very com-
mencement of which assumed that she was a
belligerent. The logic of this objection is very
rapiq, but not very sound. There can be no
judicial proceeding, civil or criminal, which
does not assume that the facts are such as to
authorize the proceeding; and I have never
heard of a judicial proceeding in which the
defendant was not at liberty to controvert such
assumed facts. A is indicted for the murder
of B. The indictment assumes that A is guilty,
and yet that is the very question to betried,
and on the trial the law, as a rule of evidence,
presumes the defendant innocent, and the State
must establish his guilt. To libel these gun-
boats would undoubtedly assume that they had
been fitted out in the United States to cruise
and commithostilities in the service of a foreign
I State, to wit, Spain, against a foreign people,
to wit, the people of Cuba ; and if the court
should hold that to bring the case within the
statute it tnust be shown that Cuba was a belli-
gerent, then of course that fact would have to
be established on the trial by evidence. And i f
the fact could not be established, the proceed-
ing would fail for that reason.
But, again; if libeling these gun-boats would
b$ a recognition of the belligerency of Cuba
the Objection comes too late, because upon the
theory of this objection the Government lias
already made this recognition by proceeding
under this statute against the Cuban ship Hor-
net. The libel against the Hotnet charged in
words that she was intended to be "employed
in the service of a foreign people, to wit, a por-
tion of the people of the island of Cuba, a col-
ony of the Government t>f Spain." The pro-
ceedings against the Cuban ship Waiting are
of the Same character; the libel contains the
same allegations, and both libels charge the
offense to be under the third section of the act
of 1818.
Now, if libeling a vessel npon the ground
that it Was to be -employed agaihst the people
of Cuba would recognize the Cubans as belli-
gerents, is it not clear that; libeling the Hornet
and the Whiting, upon the ground that they
were to be employed in the service of the people
of Cuba, also amounts to a recognition ? in-
deed, more clearly ;beeatjse a vessel might be
intended to commit hostilities against a people
Who had too form of government; whereas to
say that the vessfel is to be employed by a
people, fairly implies, that, such people are
organized under some form of government,
for they cannot femploy a vessel or do any other
act as a people without some form of govern-
ment. And this reminds nie that both the
libels against the Hornet and the Whiting con-
tained counts charging that these vessels were
to be employed in the service of the agents of
a pretended government of & certain Colotoy of
Sp&in—to wit, Cuba—to commit. hostilities
against Spain. ' :
So that, upon the theory of this objection*
onr Government has already recognized hot
only the belligerent character of Cuba, bnt has
recognized the faet that they have a pretended
goverbmentover the island or some part of It.
But the Senator from Massachusetts did say
that a judicial proceeding was not the best way
to ascertain the felcts. In this respect the Sen-
ator differsfrom the Administration, if he ife cor-
rect In his rendering of the Statute. They have
instituted proceedings againeft the Hornet and
the Whiting, and hive indicted jewo^ for
causing enlistments on the side ^f Cuba against
Spain, Now^ if the Senator is right jta saying
that this statute only applies to belligerents,
then the feot of the belligerency of Cuba is an
element :iti the offense charged by both libels
and by the indictment, and mast be proved on
the trial ; «nd the Government by instituting
these proceedings feas undertaken to prove it.
Thus far I have gpoken under the law and in
regard to its proper interpretation. If I am
wrong in the positions I have contended for,
then the Senator from Massachusetts can show
wherein the error consists; ahd it would be far
more satisfactory for him-to pro?® than Author-
itatively to assert their unsoundness. Bold,
