1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
unqualified assertions are cheap, are an easy
method of meeting an argument: but there are
truths so clear that the boldest denial will not
overthrow them.
One of the great evils of the war was that
it educated our people, our lawyers, and our
statesmen to treat legal and constitutional
objections as of trifling importance. During
the war many things had to be and were done
the constitutional validity of which was more
than doubtful. We were compelled to disre-
gard the Constitution in some things to save it
in all things. But, sir, with the peril has passed
the license of that period. It will no longer be
regarded as consistent with the highest order
of statesmanship to attempt to overrule a defi-
nite provision of the Constitution by reading
the Declaration of Independence; nor can
any man hereafter be regarded as having over-
thrown the authority or changed the undoubted
effect of a statue by a bold denial of either.
When I first addressed the Senate upon this
subject I promised to be conservative. Thus
far in the remarks I have submitted to-day I
have been so; have been laboring to establish
the true construction of the law as it is. But,
sir, this service of conservatism is uncongenial
to me. It stifles my feelings, blasts my affec-
tions, and chills my soul; and here, now, I
muster myself out of that service and return
as a humble follower of the flag of radicalism.
Henceforth, instead of inquiring what our for-
eign policy is, as determined by our neutrality
laws, I shall inquire what it ought to be.
The monarchies of Europe do not recognize
the right of rebellion as a remedy for insup-
portable oppression. When a rebellion breaks
out and becomes successful they recognize it
as they do an earthquake, by the ravages it
lias committed. It is, therefore, consistent in
them, that is, it is in keeping with their doc-
trine in regard to revolutions, not to recognize
belligerent rights in rebels until they have so
fur advanced in the attempt at independence
as to make their power felt upon the commer-
cial relations of the world; then they recog-
nize them, not before.
But the United States is fully committed to
the doctrine that it is an inalienable right of
an oppressed people to throw off the tyrant's
yoke by revolution. With us, then, consist-
ency requires that the moment a revolution
against tyranny is fairly inaugurated, we should
recognize the fact that it is in progress and at
least remain impartial during the contest. If
a revolution is in fact commenced upon just
provocation, it is as much entitled to our sym-
pathy the first day of its existence as after it is
ten years old. The Governments of Europe
contend that all revolutions are wrong, conse-
quently they refuse to recognize the rebels until
they are compelled bo to do. On the other
hand, the American doctrine is that an attempt
on the part of an American colony to throw off
the tyranny of European oppressors is right;
and therefore we ought to award belligerent
rights to the colonists the moment they are
actually engaged in a war for independence.
A repeal of our neutrality law would leave
us bound only by the law of nations. By this
law, as it is written and practiced by the
European nations, we are at liberty to permit
both belligerents to purchase ships of war and
other warlike agencies, or deny the privilege
to both. The policy of the present law is to
deny it to both. This works in practice, pre-
cisely as Mr. Clay said it would, in favor of
the parent Government, because in case of a
rebellion on this continent against any nation
of Europe the parent Government will at the
outset have a naval force. Therefore, to say
that neither of the belligerents shall buy ships
of war in this country is to say that the colonists
shall have no naval force at all. This is an
immense advantage to the parent Government
even when your neutrality law is honestly and
faithfully administered. Having shown, as I
think, that our neutrality law forbids either
Spain or Cuba to fit out war vessels in the
United States, I am not at liberty to reproach
the law with the monstrous injustice which has
been committed under it, by allowing Spain to
fit out thirty gun-boats and denying the same
right to Cuba; by clearing at our custom-house
the war vessels purchased by Spain, and libel-
ing the ships purchased by Cuba. This un-
rivaled outrage, which ought to make the cheek
I of every American crimson with shame, is not
! properly chargeable upon the law. It has
: been committed not under the law, but in defi-
ance of it, and because the law has not been
faithfully executed.
But, sir, I cannot well pass in silence over
the real cause of the strange course our Gov-
ernment has pursued in relation to this sub-
ject. It is due to those who are administer-
ing our foreign affairs under the President to
give them the full benefit of a candid statement
of the embarrassments under which they have
been compelled to act. There is now pending
between the United States and Great Britain
an important matter of business known as the
Alabama claims. And it is feared that should
we pursue the course I contend for it would
weaken the grounds upon which our claims
against Great Britain rest.
I shall attempt to show hereafter' that this
is an unfounded apprehension. But for the
moment let us concede that this result would
follow, and then ask ourselves whether it
ought to influence our conduct for a moment.
Nations, like individuals, are fitted by trials
and temptations to perform the duties Provi-
dence places before them. " We are perfected
through suffering." The Son of Man, after
his baptism in the Jordan, before entering
ijpon his mission was taken aside and for
forty days cruelly tried and tempted, Satan
pointed out the kingdoms of the world and
offered them all for the single consideration
of worship. The United States, having been
baptized in blood* is now undergoing the
temptation which will determine whether they
are fit for the priesthood of universal liberty;
fit to become the leaders and champions of
the political rights of man.
If all the nations of the earth were to com-
bine and promise to pay, not the Alabama
claims only, but our entire national debt, pro-
vided we would permit the fashion of our
countenance to be changed, cease to sympa-
thize with free institutions and human liberty,
and join hands with despotism to crush out the
independence of smaller nations and the liber-
ties of man, there is not a Senator present who
would not repel the insulting offer with scorn
and indignation. But the temptation is pre-
sented to us in a form more soothing to our
pride. We claim to have suffered injuries at
the hand of England, and demand reparation.
But is it not evident that if we base this claim
upon grounds that amount to a surrender of
all our American principles, if, in other words,
we base our claim upon the ground that Great
Britain issued a proclamation of neutrality in
the contest between our Government and the
rebels of the South, that we thereby pledge
ourselves in face of the nations never to do
what'we complain of Great Britain having done.
Now, the question is, are we willing to do this
even if Great Britain will pay us $4,000,000,-
000—that being the bill of particulars attached,
I believe, to the so-called Alabama claims?
The monarchies of the world might well afford
to pay this sum to insure this result.
But, sir, I deny that pursuing the course I
contend for would weaken our Alabama claims
in the slightest particular.
A good general in planting his forces for the
prosecution of a great campaign, or in taking
nis position for a single battle, must consider
many things. First of all, he must determine
what points are indispensable to his success
and to be held at all events. This settled, he
establishes his outposts and throws out a picket-
line. Many of these advance positions are not
worth a battle to maintain; some may subse-
quently be abandoned for the convenience of
more important operations; and he expects his
picket-line will be driven in when the pressure
of hard fighting comes on. The speech of the
chairman of our Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions was designed to take position for diplo-
matic operations against Great Britain, and
to educate the people of both continents in
regard to the nature and merits of our case.
It was a great speech of its kind. But in raj
1 judgment it has its outposts, and its theory of
neutrality is its picket-line; a picket-line not
j worth maintaining, because to sustain it re-
quires the sacrifice, the absolute renunciation
of our right to be neutral between the despot-
isms of Europe and their colonies on the
American continent.
This right, so indispensable to the enfran-
chisement of this continent, we must not bar-
ter away for money. All this part of that
speech might be expunged, and still the speech
would remain a masterly exposition of our
rights and a conclusive indictment against
Great Britain for undoubted violations of the
law of nations to our great, almost irreparable
injury. The real substantal complaint we have
to make against Great Britain is, not that she
was neutral between us and the rebels of the
South, but that she was not neutral. In vio-
lation of her duty as a neutral, as declared and
enacted in her own neutrality law, copied from
our act of 1818, and in violation of the queen's
proclamation, she permitted the Alabama to
be fitted out in her dominion to cruise and
commit hostilities upon us. Our own Supreme
Court has decided over and over again that
from the proclamation of the President of the
United States, closing southern ports, a state of
public war existed between the United States
and the rebels of the South. In this war had
Great Britain in good faith executed her neu-
trality law under the queen's proclamation the
Alabama could not have sailed from her ports,
and consequently could not have committed
any injury upon us.
Undoubtedly the queen's proclamation did
j us harm; it encouraged the rebellion and gave
i it a moral strength it would never have pos-
sessed but for that proclamation. But there are
many cases in which one party may injure
another without giving any cause of action.
My neighbor may buila his house so near my
own as to greatly lessen its value. But this
only shows I have a bad neighbor; it is no
cause of action.
The course of Great Britain injured us much
and it astonished us more.
In a war waged against the Constitution to
establish slavery we expected the sympathy of
that Government; we had a right to expect it;
we were disappointed that we did not enjoy
it. But, sir, the course she pursued ought to
open our eyes to the real fact. Every mon-
archy will sympathize with every rebellion
against free institutions, and, within the limits
fixed by the letter of the law of nations, will aid
and encourage it.
Very well, sir; let us accept the situation,
and within like limits let us sympathize with
every attempt to overthrow the despotisms of
the world, and, as far as we may, aid every
attempt of colonists on this continent or op-
pressed people elsewhere to achieve their lib-
erty and independence. Thus and thereby the
contest between justice and injustice; between
the rights of the many and the pretensions of
the few; between liberty and slavery, right-
eousness and wickedness, will be thrown into
the open field where all can have fair play, and
we may trust in God to sustain the right.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, so far as
the Senator to-day has spoken on neutral rights,
or on our duties to people struggling for inde-
pendence, I have nothing now to say. There
may be a time when I shall deem it proper to
enter upon that discussion. For the present I
forbear. All that I shall say now will be sim-
ply responsive to the personal appeal which
the Senator has made to me. And here, sir,
may I say it without exposing myself to any
