1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4783
tion of the constitutions of the other five States
named? Is there no legislative declaration
that by the very terms of the constitution
named all citizens, irrespective of color, were
entitled to vote, and that the equal right to
vote given by the constitution of Georgia and
the constitutions of other States shall not
be taSbrt' away by any amendment or subse-
quent change ? Is there not a construction in
the other declaration, reiterated here, that the
Legislatures of said States shall duly ratify
the fourteenth amendment? Not provisional
Legislatures ; for provisional Legislatures do
not ratify amendments. It says the Legisla-
tures of those States shall ratify the fourteenth
amendment; and they all ratified it. Their
ratifications were received, and they were pro-
claimed, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scopield] says. They were incorporated
in the proclamation, under the act of 1818, by
the Secretary of State attesting the fact of the
ratification of that amendment, and the fact
that by force of the ratification by the States
named that amendment had become, to all
intents and purposes, a part ofthe Constitution
of the United States.
I said before, and I say now, that if it be
competent for this Congress, the Forty-First
Congress, to challenge the validity of the Legis-
lature of Georgia in 1868, it will be competent
for any subsequent Congress to challenge the
validity of the Legislatures, in 1868, ofthe other
five States named.
What, then, becomes of your amendments?
I do not propose to trifle with those guarantees
of all the people that have found a lodgment
in the intrenchments of the Constitution by
any su.ch pettifogging as this. Nor do 1 pro-
pose to violate the plighted faith of this great
party of the Union. It is further provided,
however, in this act that—
"Any alteration of said constitution may be made
with regard to the time and place of residence of
voters; and the State of Georgia shall only be en-
titled and admitted to representation upon this fur-
ther fundamental condition: that the first and third
subdivisions of section seventeen of the fifth articlo
oi the constitution of said State, except the proviso
to the first subdivision, shall be null and void, and
that, the General Assembly of said State by solemn
public act shall dcclare the assent of the State to the
foregoing fundamental condition."
Now, sir, the gentleman felt the force of this
provision of his own legislation, and therefore
undertook to say to this House that there had
been no proclamation of the fact by the Presi-
dent. It was competent for the Congress of
the United States to have that fact verified by
any method it saw fit. If the gentleman will
turn to the other legislation touching the mat-
ter of reconstruction he will find that for rea-
sons which appeared to Congress good and
sufficient the power to execute those laws of
reconstruction was transferred from the Pres-
ident of the United States to the General of the
armies of the Uuited States and to the subor-
dinate officials appointed for the several mili-
tary districts in the South. General Meade,
as your official record shows, was appointed
under that law the commandant of the depart-
ment of Georgia. General Grant, under the
same law, was his superior officer, to whom he
should make report. 1 say here to-day, and
challenge contradiction of the statement, that
the fact that Georgia complied with that con-
dition in 1808.by giving its assentto therequire-
ment that these provisions of its constitution
impairing the obligation of contracts should be
null and void, was as legally authenticated as
was the fact by proclamation that she assented
to the other condition, the ratification ol the
fourteenth article of amendments. Now for
(ho proof of it. General Meade, on the 21st
of J uly, 1S68, reports to his superior officer as
follows:
IIeadquaeters Thied Military District,
Ai i.anta, Georgia, July 21,1803.
General U. S. Gkaxt, 1Xashington, I). C. :
Both houses of the Legislature of Georgia having
examined into and decided upon the nualiiicat'.ons
of their respective members, under tlie lourtcenth
article constitutional amendment, I yesterday in-
structed the provisional governor to communicate
to each house that I considered their organization
legal, and withdrew any opposition to their pro-
ceeding to the business which called them together.
■To-day both houses, by decided majorities, have
passed the constitutional amendment known as arti-
cle fourteen, and will, without doubt, at once other-
wise comply with- the requisition of the act of June
25 1868
. GEORGE G. MEADE,
Major General.
On the next day he sends the following dis-
patch to General Grant:
IIeaoquaetees Tiijro Militaky District,
Atlanta, Geokoia, July 22,186S.
General 0. S. Grant, Washington. D. C.:
Yesterday the Governor-elect of Georgia notified
mo officially that both houses of the General Assem-
bly of Georgia had by solemn act complied with the
requisitions of the act of Congress which became a
law June 25,1SG8; and to-day I have witnessed the
inauguration of the Governor-elect. The State of
Georgia is therefore, under the acts of Congress, en-
titled to representation. The official documents wilr
be carried to-day by Brevet Brigadier General K. C.
I)rum, sent to Washington for this purpose.
GEORGE G. MEADE,
Major General United States Army.
In declaring the State entitled to repre-
sentation" General Meade simply quotes your
own words.
Then comes the proclamation of the General
of the Army himself, charged with the trust of
seeing that these laws were executed within
those military departments, the military au-
thority being clothed with full power over
Legislative Assemblies, over courts, over Gov-
ernors, over every official known to the laws of
the State until these conditions had been com-
plied with. Here is the proclamation of Gen-
eral Grant, then the General of the Army,
dated July 28, 1808:
"The commanding generals of the second, third,
fourth, and fifth military districts having officially
reported that the States of Arkansas, North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Louisiana., Georgia. Alabama,
and Florida have fully complied with the acts ot
Congress known as the reconstruction acts, includ-
ing the act passed June 22,1868, entitled 'An act to
admit the State of Arkansas to jepresentation in
Congress;' and the act passed June 23,1868, entitled
'An act to admit the States of North Carolina. South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama,and Florida
to representation in Congress;' and that conse-
quently, so much of the act of March 2,1867, and the
acts supplementary thereto, as provided ior the or-
ganization of military districts, subject to the mili-
tary authority of the United States as therein pro-
vided, has become inoperative in said States; and
that the commanding generals have ceased to exer-
cise in said States the military powers conferred by
said acts of Congress."
Georgia is here named with the other States
as having " fully complied with the acts of
Congress known as the reconstruction acts."
There is no question about it; and I want to
know whether any gentleman on this floor will
rise in his place and say that the Legislature-of
Georgia elected under herconstitution in 1868
did not, in 18G8, comply with that provision of
the act of 1868 as a condition-precedent to her
admission to representation. Does not my
honorable friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] understand the fact that the Legis-
lative Assembly of Georgia did comply with
that requirement, and did declare that pro-
vision of her constitution inoperative and void ?
There it is proclaimed to the country by
the commandant of the department, General
Meade. There it is proclaimed to the country
by General Grant, charged by your laws with
their execution in those lately insurgent States.
But we are told that the President did not
proclaim it. You did not authorize him to do
it ; that is all. I do not propose to reflect on
the work of my own hands, and the work of
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
as well, who is always faithful to these great
interests of the people, and has always lent
his powerful influence to carry these acts into
the statute-book.
I stand here to say that Georgia has com-
plied as literally with every requirement im-
posed upon her in pursuance ot your laws as
any of the late insurgent States, and that that
fact has been officially notified to this Con-
gress.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to put a ques-
tion to the gentleman.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will hear the gentle-
man's question.
Mr. DAWES. Is there anything in the pro-
posed change I have submitted to the House
that conflicts with the position now stated by
the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. BINGHAM. There is nothing in the
proposition that I shall not cheerfully vote for,
provided the amendment proposed to it by a
majority of the Committee on Reconstruction
shall be incorporated in it.
Mr. DAWES. That is not an answer to the
question I put.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have said already, as
the gentleman knows if he attended to what
I said, that his proposed amendment responds
to the written letter of Governor Bullock sent
to myself within the last eight weeks asking
that Congress shall elect him for two years
longer to be Governor of the people of Geor-
gia, and that Congress shall also elect for two
years longer the present Legislative Assembly
to legislate for the people of Georgia, in viola-
tion of their constitution, in violation of their
own oaths, in violation of their rights guaran-
tied to the people of Georgia by the Constitu-
tion ofthe United States.
Mr. DAWES. As the gentleman appealed
to me personally, I wish to say 
Mr. BIN GUAM. I decline to be interrupted
further at present. I have every respect for
my friend from Massachusetts, but I desire to
proceed with my argument, as I believe I have
not much time left.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Nre-
lack.) The gentleman from Ohio has half a
minute remaining.
Mr. BINGHAM. I should like to be allowed
ten minutes more.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that, by unanimous
consent, the gentleman will be allowed ten
minutes to finish his argument.
Mr. BECK. I understand that I am to be
allowed the next hour, and I shall yield ten
minutes of my hour to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no room for con-
troversy about the pledges made to Georgia by
our legislation. I have referred to the acts of
1S67 and 1868 ; I now refer to the act of 1869.
By the act of 1867 we pledged the faith of this
nation to admit the State of Georgia to repre-
sentation upon compliance with the conditions
therein named. By the act of 1868 we reit-
erated that pledge, finding that she had com-
plied with those conditions in all things except
the ratification of the fourteenth amendment
and a single provision of her constitution which
the Legislature was required to declare null
and void, which she did, and also ratified the
fourteenth amendment. By the act of 1869
we provided that the Legislature of Georgia
should ratify the fifteenth amendment proposed
to the Constitution of the United States before
Senators and Representatives from Georgia
should be admitted to seats in Congress. The
supreme court of the State decided that the
Legislature in expelling thirty colored mem-
bers had acted in bad faith, inasmuch as they
had unlawfully expelled men qualified under
the constitution of the State to take their seats
in that body. The act of December, 1869,
required those colored members to be restored,
and they were restored. And then the act
concluded by saying that the State shall not be
entitled to representation in Congress until the
Legislature shall ratify the fifteenth amend-
mentproposed to the Constitution of the United
States.
Was not that a pledge that on the restoration
of the colored members and the ratification of
the fifteenth amendment the State should be
admitted to representation? You had then no
other conditions to annex to her admission, atld
you have rightfully none now. Instead of fur-
ther conditions, Mr. Speaker, it is novv proposed
that bj' law wo shall make the Legislature ol
Georgia date from the passage of the bill now
before us. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
