1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2895
Mr. CARPENTER. Yon have my permis- j
sion. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. Thank you for that.
[Laughter.] Will the national courts recog-
nize the common law?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, yes.
Mr. CARPENTER. They cannothelp them-
selves.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Illinois
says "Oil, yes." That is a question which
has been discussed greatly from the beginning
of our Government. Now, a simple statute
conferring this power on the courts supersedes
that question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say a word 
Mr. FERRY. It cannot do any harm. Let
lis pass it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Massa-
chusetts is mistaken in supposing that there
has ever been any difficulty in the national
courts, as he properly characterizes them,
about the power of the conrts to enforce com-
mon-law rights, which are rights of property
everywhere. The difficulty has been in pun-
ishing misdemeanors, because there could be
no common-law misdemeanor against the Uni-
ted States, as the courts have held. There-
fore I assure my friend that there is not the
slightest difficulty in the United States courts
in enforcing all common-law rights of prop
erty.
Mr. CARPENTER. They do it every day
in repeated suits.
The bill (S. No. 205) was considered as in
Committee of the Whole, and reported to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me inquire of the
Senator from Massachusetts whether he wants
the preamble to the bill retained ?
Mr. SUMNER. No; I do uot.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike it out.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
P&SS6(1 •
Mr. EDMUNDS. Have we disposed of the
other bill of the same nature?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate bill No.
204 will be regarded as indefiuitely postponed
if there be no objection.
BILLS OBJECTED TO.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 256) in relation to bridges across the
Ohio river.
Mr. SPENCER. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It yrill be
passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 270) for the relief of Mrs. Margaret A.
Laurie.
Mr. HOWE. Thatwill be debated, I take it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator object to it ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Wis-
consin says it will be debated, and of course it
will have to go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 272) to settle the claim of the heirs of
the late Colonel William Gates, of the United
States Army.
Mr. POMEROY. Let that be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kansas object to the bill ?
Mr. POMEROY. Let the bill be read, so
that we may see what it is.
The Secretary read the bill. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the sum
of $5,607 50 to Mrs. H. L. Gates, widow of
the late Colonel William Gates, of the United
States Army, who acted as collector of revenue
or military contributions during the late war
with Mexico under the direction of the Presi-
dent of the United States, it being the amount
of his share of the proceeds of the sale of the
Bchooncr Oregon and cargo, seized and confis-
cated in April, 1847, at the port of Tampioo,
being equal to the share of his deputy, Frank-
lin Chase and others, his subordinates, who by
special acts of Congress have been allowed and
paid their shares of the vessel and cargo.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to the consider-
ation of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
The next measure on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 35) donating the
Lincoln Hospital to the Columbia Hospital for
Women and Lying-in Asylum.
Mr. FERRY. Let that go over.
Mr. WILSON. I move its indefinite post-
ponement.
Mr. FERRY. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that this joint resolution be indefinitely post-
poned.
The motion was agreed to.
The next measure on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 73) relative to the
Cherokee neutral lands in the State of Kansas
and the late treaties respecting the same, re-
ported adversely from the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. ROSS. I move the indefinite postpone-
ment of the joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
The next joint resolution on the Calendar
was the joint resolution (H. R. No. 72) to reg-
ulate the hours of labor of Government labor-
ers, workmen, and mechanics.
Mr. WILSON. Let that be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, it will be passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 295) to amend the banking act and to
promote the return to specie payments.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 move that that bill be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SUMNEli. What bill is that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill in-
troduced by the Senator from Massachusetts
entitled "A bill to amend the banking act and
to promote the return to specie payments."
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we may return soon
to specie payments, but I am willing that the
bill shall be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
SS. No. 280) in relation to the appellate juris-
iction of the Supreme Court of the United
States in certain cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a good bill, and
I should like to have it passed now if there be
no objection to it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (8.
No. 298) to relieve members of Congress from
importunity and to preserve the independence
ofthe different Departments of the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we can have a
vote on that.
Mr. ABBOTT and Mr. SPENCER. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us vote on it.
Mr. ABBOTT. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. HOWELL. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless Sen-
ators withdraw their objection the bill cannot
be considered.
Mr. SCHURZ. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
IMPORTATION OF IMMIGRANTS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 318) to regulate the importation of immi-
grants under labor contracts.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. FERRY. I object to that bill.
Mr. WILSON. I move its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
any objection to putting the question on the
reference?
Mr. FERRY. I do not object .to that.
Mr. FENTON. It ought to go to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts assent to that
direction ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on referring the bill to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Sec-
retary, announced that the President had this
| day approved and signed the following bills :
i A bill (S. No. 215) to amend the usury laws
i of the District of Columbia;
I A bill (S. No. 226) to incorporate the Wash-
\ ington Homeopathic Medical Society;
I A bill (S. No. 414) declaring the construction
: of an act to incorporate the National Theo-
logical Institute, approved May 10, I860, and
also an act to amend an act entitled " An act
to incorporate the National Theological Insti-
tute, and to define and extend the powers of
the same," approved March 2, 1867; and
A bill (S. No. 589) for incorporating a hos-
pital for foundlings in the city of Washington.
washington international exhibition.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 291) to encourage and promote the
International Industrial Exhibition to be held
in Washington city in the year 1871.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let that be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia is not
here.
Mr. MORTON. I object to the indefinite
i postponement. Let the bill be passed over,
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thebillwill
be passed over. The next bill on the Calendar
- will be reported.
| southern pacific railroad land.
; The Secretary. The next is the joint reso-
i lution (S. R. No. 71) in relation to lands with-
! drawn for the benefit of the Southern Pacific
j Railroad Company.
: Mr. WARNER. Let the resolution be read.
Mr. HOWARD. Had it not better be post-
poned indefinitely?
Mr. STEWART. The committee have re-
ported another bill from the House on that
subject.
Mr. WARNER. Let it be read, that we may
known what it is.
The Secretary read the jointresolution, which
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to suspend his orders of November 2 and 11,
1869, restoring to private entry the lands here-
tofore withdrawn, for the benefit of the South-
ern Pacific railroad of California, until the end
of the present session of Congress, so that the
interests of the preemption and homestead set-
tlers and the rights of the railroad company
may be investigated.
Mr. HOWARD. That resolution ought to
| be indefinitely postponed, and I make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
judicial power.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 341) providing that acts of the several
departments shall not be called in question by
other departments, and fixing the limits of the
judicial power.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a very good bill.
Let it be read.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Beit enacted, <fc., That the legislative, executive, and
judicial departments of the national Go vernment are
distinct, and each in its appropriate sphere only la
authorized to pronounce officially the conclusions
of the Government in the matters on which it is re-
Quired to act; and the conclusions of either depart-
ment, when so pronounced, under the requirements,
sanctions, and responsibilities of the Constitution,
