1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1007
criticism, I should have liked it better, I should
have considered it more congenial with the
relations which I had supposed or flattered
myself existed between the Senator and myself,
had he kindly notified me in advance of his
purpose to-day.
He has made an elaborate review of remarks
some weeks ago, which, as the Senator knows
well, were made on the moment, and directly
responsive to what he had said on that occa-
sion. After weeks the Senator comes forward
with an elaborate criticism of those few simple
words. Sir, perhaps I expect too much in
this body, bat I know this: I should have
entered upon no similar impeachment of the
Senator, nor of any other of my associates on
this floor, without communicating with them
frankly and letting them know my purpose.
I should have desired them in fairness to be
aware of the meditated impeachment, so that
they might not be taken by surprise, as I con-
fess is my condition. But the Senator has
chosen his own way.
I said, sir, that I would Bay nothing on the
general topic ; but there was one remark of
the Senator, in the nature of a criticism on the
Administration, which I hope he will allow me
to notice. He argues that the offer of " good
offices " was never before in history made be-
tween the rebel and the Government without
implying a "state of war," and therefore bel-
ligerence. Did he not take this ground ? I was
so sure that he was not sustained by history,
that while he was speaking I sent to the Con-
gressional Library for the well-known French
Repertoire of Jurisprudence by Merlin, a great
depository of learning and juridical authority,
where I find an instance directly in point. It
was in the case of the famous rebellion in the
south of France which convulsed the latter
days of Louis XIV, when the Cainisards for a
long time kept great armies at bay. They were
rebels, inspired by a sentiment of religion. In
vain did France send its generals against them.
In their mountain retreats and fastnesses the
rebels held firm. At last, it appears from the
book that I hold in my hand, that—
„F'17hS Mar3S,iB °,f Miremont treated in the name
of the king of England withthe Camisards, and sent
Flottard as agent to Chevalier de Holland."
. The latter were the leadefar of the insurrec-
tion. This ease came to my memory while the
Senator was speaking.
Mr. CARPENTER. I Bay that is a recog-
nition of a state of war ipsofacio.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator then claims
that ipso facto it was a recognition of a state
u war' ^ 'k® case to show that where
therc was no acknowledged state of war the
good omcesof England were interposed. There
was a domestic conflict which the good offices
interposed did not change to at state of helliger-
6DC6. ■' .
CARPENTER. But that is what you
Msert. That is not what the author says,
tie does not say there was not a state of war.
I say that was a state of war.
• 5," SUMNER. The Senator gives his opin-
ion that it was a state of wsr.
• Based on the decision
in 7 Howard.
• ^f*®^MNER. That decision was unknown
hi tho?e e*rIy days. I refer to this historic
case simply to show that there has been a re-
bellion in former times where a foreign Power
interfered with good offices, and nobody at that
time supposed that it implied a state of war.
At least such is my inference from the text,
and also from the reason of the thing.
/• ,?w> 8ir>1 should say nothing further except
I®?,™® y«7 strange misconception of what I
said the other day, on which the Senator has
j • UP, so loftily the superstructure which
temniltp H StK r u6 haS ?ntibledus to con-
template He began by putting into my mouth
• Proposition which most certainly I never
intended to utter, which most certainly never
entered into my head if it fell from my lip8.
I understand the Senator, ho attributes to
me the infinite absurdity of supposing and sav-
ing that the section in question of the neu-
trality statute was applicable to the Spanish
colonies at that time m revolution, and to none
others—not to Portuguese colonies in revolu-
tion nor to English colonies in revolution, but
only to the Spanish colonies of that date.
What is there in my remarks to justify any. such
suggestion ? Read them and you will see how
utterly baseless is the whole idea that I said any
such thing, as it is utterly unreasonable to
attribute any such thing to me. The neutrality
statute is a general law, not applicable to any
one country, but to all countries. Now, I need
not remind the Senator that general laws grow
out of some special incident or circumstances
showing the law to be necessary. It is so in
all countries, not only at home but abroad.
All the great statutes of history have proceeded
from some single urgency or some condition
of things requiring the intervention of law.
Our neutrality statuteis noexception, and prob-
ably each section may be traced back to some
special exigency. Mnch of it may be traced
to Washington and his effort to maintain neu-
trality against the opposite pressure of Eng-
land ana France. The section in question may
be traced to James Monroe and John Quincy
Adams and their effort to maintain neutral-
ity between Spain and her revolted colonies,
already in full enjoyment of belligerent rights*
Such was the " case" this section was intended
to meet. Jt was colonies already belligerent,
not colonies or people still struggling for this
acknowledgment.
And yet, in the face of this plain, obviouB
distinction—too plain for comment or illustra-
tion—the Senator attributes to me an ineffable
absurdity, and then makes a laborious effort
to overthrow it. Easy enough it is, Mr. Pres-
ident, to answer anybody when you start by
attributing to him an. irrational and absurd
proposition. So beginning, nothing can be
more facile than to construct a reply. You
have seen how it is done.
But the answer is as facile. By the kind-
ness of our reporter I have just obtained the
Congressional Globe containing my remarks
on that occasion, I will read enough to show
howplainlythe Senator is wrong* After quoting
the words of the statute on which he leaned I
said as follows;
- " o operative words on which the Senator relies
being any colony, district, or people,' I understand
tne senator to insist that under these words Spain
cannot purchase ships in the United States to cruise
against her Cuban subjects now in revolt. That is
the position of the Senator. He states it frankly.
1° that I specifically reply that the language of the
statute is entirely inapplicable."
Why was it inapplicable? Plainly enough.
These Spanish colonies had already achieved
belligerence, and the very question with regard
to the Cuban insurgents was, whether they had
reached that condition; therefore the statute
was inapplicable. I then proceeded:
"Those words, if the Senator will consult their his-
tory, were introduced for a spccifio purpose. It was
iiJ^!Vhe of the- Spamsh colonies!
already for eight .years, in .arms against the parent
Government, having ships in every sea, largely pos-
sessing the territories on the Spanish main, and with
independence nearly achieved."
< It was to meet that case 
Mr. CARPENTER. And therefore inappli-
cable to Cuba*
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says " there-
fore inapplicable to Caha." I accept his con*
elusion. ■ It was to meet the.case of colonies
who had already nearly achieved independence,
and was therefore inapplicable- to any people,
Cubans or,others, who had not -reached this
condition. I then proceeded:
J- think' that atthat time in' Buenos Ay res there
wm no opanisfa foree, in Mexico a very slight force.
py a fortfc&elcl throughout that immense
rJ !in ry j was no question of belliger-
33 a^!nlt:teii by all the civiliaed worlds
Ration after nation practically recognized it. Oar
K«-e^2men^, our eo.urts. every department of the
Sn««,\!imenit recotrnracd the belligerence ot those
, /i . *^i -^heic independence was recog-
nized (iioro tardily utter ample discussion in the^e
™ aW'S2U? l?te a? l8.^? but their belligerence
T^ry branch 5 thyR ep shed a"d recognized by
case, and for no other ob/ec™'—6"T° meet thcir
That is, the case of achieved belligerence 
"as I understand it, Mr. Miller, of South C.irnli'rv,
The resolution I now have before me in the
Annals of Congress, which I cited on that occa-
sion, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed tn in-
quire into the expediency of so amending the fourth
section of the act passed on tho 3d of March 1817
?™i t^n a°yaore effectually to preserve the neu-
tjfti:relations of tho United States,' as to embrace
On™™™ Provlslons thereof the armed vessels of a
at r!eaco Ylth-the United States and at
fh^nn^i'1Q5LCt ny' dlstrlct>. or People with whom
the United States are or may be at peace."
This was the resolution in the other House
which formed the basis of the legislation in
question. On that I remarked :
Therefor the first time in our legislation appear
the unportant words any colony, district, or peo-
ple, and they were introduced to cover the precise
case of tne.revolted Spanish colonies, and their pre-
0186 condition at that moment, there being no Ques-
tion of belligerence."
How plain, clear, and explicit 1 It was the
case of Spanish colonies already in an assured
condition of belligerence. This was the
"case."
I (hen proceeded:
"Now, the practical question is whether these
words introduced originally for a specific pur-
pose
That is, to meet the "case" of achieved
belligerence, not for any specific purpose, as
my friend attributes to me, merely to meet the
case of Spanish colonies and not of Portuguese
colonies or of British colonies; for such is the
absurdity to which he would carry me.
" Practical question is, whether these
words, introduced originally for a specific purpose,
having an historic character beyond question, can
De extended so as to bo applied to insurgents who
nave not yet achieved a corporate existence, who
nave no provinces, no cities, no towns, no ports, no
Pri?S5??,ur's" Such is the fact. I cannot supply the
tact it it does not exist: nor can the Senator, with his
eloquence and with bis ardor unlisted in this cause.
We must seek tho truth. Tho truth is found in the
actual facts. Now, do those facts justify the conccs-
8ion which the Senator requires?"
' Thus clearly did 1 define the condition of
belligerence which existed in the Spanish col-
onies and does not exist in the Cuban insur-
gents. I then proceeded as follows:
Cuban insurgents, whatever tho inspiration
ot their action, have not reached the condition of
belligerents. Snch, r repeat, is the fact, and we
cannot alter the fact. Here we most rely upon the
evidence, which, according to all the information
within my reach, is adverso. They do not come
within any of the prerequisi' es. They have no prov-
inces,tio towns. no ports, no prise courts. Without
tawe I am at a loss to see how they can be treated
as belligerents by foreign Powers. Before this great
concession there must be assurance of their capacity
to ad minister justice. Above all, there must bo a
prise-court. But nobody pretends that there is any
such thing."
This was what I said on that occasion.. I
stand by it now. The Senator will pardon me
if I am tenacious upon that point. He re-
minded me that it was Baid that I never aban-
doned a point. I never abandon what I regard
to be true, and I believe the principle here laid
down to be the truth; and I am more thau ever
convinced of it because the learned and able
Senator has answered it only by putting into
my mouth a proposition for which I submit
there is no authority ia my speech—not the
least, not a word.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senate will do
me the justice to believe that I had no purpose
whatever to force upon the Senator from. Mas-
sachusetts a position which he does not wish
to maintain. The position which I understood
him to assume in that discussion was, in my
opinion, entirely unfounded and very, danger-
ous. It was understood by the, press of the
country precisely as it.was understood by me,
and in several articles which have beep pub-
lished by distinguished jurists of the Ui "
Cf AllnWinja 4a iLal J..-   '•  >1 "rt
nited
"J —J144AOHU ,U1 bug UUlbCU
States alluding to that discussion, the Senator
