1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3.
v 5
has been misunderstood as having taken pre-
cisely the position 1 stated. He ought, there-
fore, instead of finding any fault with me,
rather to thank me for having given him this
opportunity to explain and to correct the mis-
apprehension which certainly exists through-
out the country as to the position which he
assumed on that occasion. I understand him
now to admit all that I claim, that this neu-
trality act is as applicable to a condition of
things between Spain and Cuba 
Mr. SUMNER. No; I do not admit any
such thing.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand the Sen-
ator now to admit that this statute of neutrality
is just as applicable to a state of things between
Spain and Cuba as it was between Spain and
the South American provinces, provided the
facts of the case bring it within the position
that those parties occupied at that time.
Mr. SUMNER. Precisely: that is my posi-
tion.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is all I wished
to establish. I shall congratulate myself on
having succeeded. I know I am right now,
because I am not only sustained by the author-
ities which I have read, but I am backed up to
the handle by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I learn for the first time
to-day that any human being ever misunder-
stood my position. There is the report of
what I said. Nobody reading it can misunder-
stand it—so it seems to me. I say this with
all respect to the learned and able Senator. I
am at a loss to know by what necromancy any
misinterpretation can be obtained. It is too •
plain for misinterpretation. There is no word of
that report which can justify what the Senator
calls the wide-spread opinion. Let the speech
be read candidly from beginning to end, and j
nobody can doubt that I was speaking of col-
onies which had already achieved a condition
of belligerence. I said that this statute was
passed to meet this " case," and not to meet
the case of people who had not achieved a con-
dition of belligerence. This was my original
proposition, and here I stand now. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin need not have made his
elaborate argument and piled up his authori-
ties to overthrow a position nobody ever took.
I am at a loss to understand how anybody who j
had read the statute could take such a position, i
I am lost in astonishment.
Mr. HOWARD. I listened with a great j
deal of pleasure, as I always do, to the re- I
marks of the Senator from Wisconsin; but he :
failed to satisfy me of one thing, and to that I j
wish to call his attention with a view of get-
ting some information. It is manifest that he
has devoted a great deal of his time and atten-
tion to the consideration of this so-called Cuba
question. We all know very well that there
nas been fighting of some sort in Cuba; that
there has been, and perhaps is now, something
which deserves the name of an insurrection;
but I wish to ask the honorable Senator-from
Wisconsin whether he is satisfied in his own
mind, from reliable evidence that has been
laid before him, that there is in Cuba a war-
waging party hostile to the Government of
Spain that is so numerous, so potent, so con-
siderable, so consistent in their action in war-
ring against the mother country as to deserve
the name of belligerents.
This is a very important matter to the coun-
try. If there be a party which is deserving of
belligerent rights in Cuba it is high time we
knew it, and it is high time that the policy of
the United States should be so shaped as to
recognize that fact. But I am free to say that
so far as I have been able to acquire a knowl-
edge of the status of affairs in Cuba I do not
understand that there is any belligerent party
there in the legal sense of the word. There
are guerrilla parties; there is tnrbulence
there; there is disobedience of the laws;
there are straggling parties of armed men rov-
ing about the island, or various portions of the
island ; but f do not understand that there is
a party under arms in Cuba so numerous, so
well organized at this time, or within the last
six weeks, as to deserve the name of belliger-
ents or to be entitled to the rights of belliger-
ents. I regard this as the gist of the whole
controversy. I should like to have informa-
tion from the honorable Senator.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President——
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to say a
| word in reply to the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. DRAKE. I yield to the Senator for
that purpose.
Mr. CARPENTER. The question that the
learned Senator from Michigan puts me in
substance is this: " Have you been joking here
in the Senate Chamber for an hour?" 1 have
been endeavoring to show that the state of
things in Cuba must either be a state of peace,
with Spain attempting to arrest her criminals
by civil process, or it must be a state of war,
with Spain attempting to reduce the island to
subjection by military operations. 1 maintained
that the latter was the true state of the case;
and to prove that I read the communication
made to the Cortes of Spain by the minister
of Spain, in which he says that within twelve
months they have sent thirty-four thousand
men and a large naval force to Cuba; in which
he boasts that Spain has vaiorously prosecuted
this war against Cuba. I cited, also, the last
annual message of the President of the United
States, in which he says that a people on our
borders has been struggling more than a year
to achieve its independence, and that to save
bloodshed between that struggling people and
Spain this great Republic had offered its good
offices. Then I maintained that this Govern-
ment never did, that no Government having
proper self-respect ever did interfere between
a foreign Power and its subjects against whom
it was proceeding by municipal law.
I say, therefore, that we have the authority
of Spain itself, we have the authority of the
President of the United States in his message,
for saying that the state of things which exists
in Cuba is war and not peace. I can make it
no stronger by repeating it. That is what I
have argued here for an hour.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg merely to say, if the
Senator from Missouri will allow me, that the
President's message, to which the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin refers, certainly does
not recognize the rebels in Cuba as belligerents,
does not speak of them as such. According
to my recollection of the message it is directly
the other way—that the Presidentdid not regard
the insurrection in Cuba as being entitled to
the rights of belligerency at all. A people
who are belligerent and entitled to the rights
of belligerency must have a Government of
their own ; there must be something like social
order under the protection of the bayonet of
the rebellion; there must be a Government
possessed of the ordinary attributes of a Gov-
ernment, such as courts of justice, courts of
prize, and the other machinery which in the
civilized world is regarded as pertaining prop-
erly to a Government. I understand there is
no such Gorerment among the insurgents of
Cuba at all, and never has been.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator from
Missouri to allow me to make one farther
remark.
Mr. DRAKE. I yield for a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to make one
remark, if I can have the attention of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. It is on the point of
"good offices" as implying a state of war or
achieved belligerency. If the Senator will
ransack his memory a little and tarn over the
pages of history a little I think he will find many
instances where "good offices" have been
offered between those persecuted for religion's
sake and their persecutor. One of the bright-
est instances in English history was when
Cromwell offered his good offices with the dis-
tant Government of Piedmont to save the
Protestants there from the persecution by
which they were pursued. And am I misin-
formed—will the Senator let me know; per-
haps I am misinformed—that our own Govern-
ment at this moment has tendered its good
offices, or has entertained the question of tend-
ering its good offices, between the Jews in
Russia and the Government of Russia? But
should that be done will it be any implication
that there is a state of war in Russia between
the Jews and the Government? Will it be an
acknowledgment of belligerent rights on the
i part of the Jews? Bat this is the argument of
i the Senator.
! Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me to answer the question of
the Senator from Massachusetts, I trust.
Mr. DRAKE. If the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin really considers it important
that he should reply to the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, of course I will yield
to him.
Mr. CARPENTER. If you put me on my
' honor, I do not. [Laughter.]
i Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The neutrality
! bill being before the Senate, the Senator from
| Missouri moves that the Senate proceed to the
j consideration of executive business.
; Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask a question
before that motion is put. If the motion is
: agreed to, what will then be the unfinished
business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The neutrality
bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I must insist on
the regular order, and I hope the Senator from
i Missouri will not objeet to allowing that to
! come up.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to demand it. The census bill is the
! regular order, "Which is now called up by the
Senator from New York.
Mr. DRAKE. I now move that the Sen-
j ate proeeed to the consideration of executive
; business.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to lay aside the
! census bill for a moment with a view to take up
the House bill for the abolition of the franking
! privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
i proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
i ness has priority.
' Mr. RAMSEY. I presume the Senator from
Missouri will not insist on that motion against
the bill to abolish the franking privilege.
Mr. DRAKE. I insist on the motion,
i Mr. THURMAN. I appeal to my friend
i from Missouri 
Mr. DRAKE. I mnst beg to be excused.
We do need an executive session.
Mr. THURMAN. I know that,
Mr. RAMSEY. Against my motion ?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, *ir.
Mr. THURMAN. I only_ ask to have a bill
recommitted to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
ALEXANDER 3. ATOGBA,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the request of the Senator from
Ohio, and the bill is recommitted.
. Several Senators. What is it about?
Mr. THURMAN. About a man whom we
have killed by act of Congressj but who is
alive. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT.. The Secretary
will read the title of the bill recommitted.
The Chief Clerk. It is a. bill (S. No. 164)
to amend an act entitled "An act for the re-
lief of Alexander J. Atocha," approved Feb-
ruary 14, 1865.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
