8840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
the Senator from Indiana, that there is no
proposition to change the system that I know
of. The proposition now is to continue the
present system. Whether the defect is in the
laws not being furnished in time; or whether
the newspapers, not being obliged to publish
them within any particular time, suit their own
convenience in publishing them, I am not pre-
pared to say. We are speaking of the system
as it is. If a better system was proposed, that
would be one.thing; but there is no proposi-
tion in the bill no.w before us to change the
system at all. I was merely stating how it
worked under the present system, and that the
Senate and the Senator might see how it worked
I sent for this paper. I did not know until I
sent for it how it would appear in the paper;
but I presume this is a fair specimen of the
manner in which the laws are generally pub-
lished throughout the country. 1 am not aware
that it is peculiar to this paper at all. - I sent
for this paper because it was the only one at
hand.
Mr. HOWELL. Is it proper to offer an
amendment to this section at this stage of the
proceeding?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly ; the
amendment is amendable.
Mr. HOWELL. I had something to say the
other day on this subject; and taking the speech
of the Senator from Massachusetts as a basis,
I might repeat what I said then in regard to
this ipatter. Practically I think I understand
it. Practically I think I know the difficulties
that are connected with the present system.
It is asked why the country papers cannot pub-
lish these laws as quick as they are issued here.
Why, sir, sometimes one of your laws would
fill a dozen numbers of one of the country
papers that have the publication of the laws ;
and they arcs weekly papers. The matter con-
tained in one of your laws or one of your In-
dian treaties would fill one of those papers for
a dozen weeks. You, Mr. President, under-
stand something about that. Here is one great
difficulty in the way of the publication of the
laws in country papers—that it cannot be done
within any reasonable time, published con-
secutively, as they are required to be, and as
tho laws are now published and are required
to be published.
I suggested the other day that the expense
of this mode of publication was very great
compared with the benefit that resulted from
it; that there was no necessity, no utility in
publishing in the newspapers all thelaws passed
by Congress. But some of the laws passed by
Congress ought to be published, I think, and
they ought to be published promptly, and they
ought to bfe published so that they may come
within tho reach of the citizens of the United
States, who need to know the nature and the
character of the laws. I venture to say that
four fifths, possibly nine tenths of all the laws
that are passed here from session to session
have no public importance orinterest attached
to them whatever, such as would require or
justify their publication in the newspapers.
My suggestion would be to take those laws
that it is proper and expedient to have pub-
lished in that way, and have them published
promptly, and published in one newspaper in
each congressional district of the United States,
ihat could be done, probably, for the same
expense that is now required to publish all
these laws in two papers in each State of the
Union. In that way yoa would reduce the
thing to a practical, basis. It would pay tho
expense of publication. It would justify the
expense. It would be proper to be done; it
would be practicable; and would bring the laws
within the view of the people of the country in
a reasonable period. But under the other sys-
tem, I must say, for I know from experience,
for I have published the laws myself in years
gone by and know how it operates, you cannot
get the laws published, when you require them
all to be published, within any reasonable
period; but they will run three, four, five, and
six months behind time in one of these country
newspapers before you will get them published
in consecutive order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Senator
that only the public acts are published. The
private acts are not published.
Mr. HOWELL. There may not be some
private acts published; but Indian treaties,
and I think all treaties, are published, or used
to be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But private acts are not
published.
Mr. HOWELL. No ; I presume mere pri-
vate acts are not; but there are a great variety
of the laws that are entirely unnecessary to be
published, and which are not required for the
information of the people, such as these Indian
treaties and many of the statutes. Most of the
land laws, I suppose, are not of general im-
portance, or have no general bearing upon the
communities throughout the United States,
and need not, therefore, be published. A great
many of the laws that we are constantly pass-
ing here have no general importance, but only
a local application. Therefore, if it were prac-
ticable, 1 should like to have an amendment
adopted to the effect that the amount of money
appropriated here shall be applied by the Sec-
retary of State, or some proper officer, in pay-
ment of the publication of such laws as he may
deem of public or special importance in one
paper in each congressional district of the
United States.
Mr. STE WART. I hold in my hand a paper
that publishes the laws of the United States.
It is dated May 19. It has kept up pretty well.
This paper was laid on my desk to-day. "Pub-
lic act No. 41," approved April 22, 1870, is
published in this issue of the paper.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is only a month
behind.
Mr. STEWART. But the law had to be
sent out to Nevada and published there. It
is less than a month behind.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is the 26th of
May.
Mr. STEWART. Just about a month. The
act was approved on the 22d of April, and here
it is published in Nevada on the 19th of May.
I think that is getting along pretty well. If
you could have the laws published as rapidly
as that, I think it would be of service. It seems
that in Nevada our people are only about a
month behind.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
from Illinois has not touched the real, practical
point in the speech l\e has made. Admit that
his statements are true in relation to the pub-
lication of the laws in one of our city papers ;
that it is behind four or five months. Now,
suppose we should suspend the publication in
the newspapers entirely, would that better the
matter? It has been admitted in this conver-
sational debate that the pamphlet edition of
the laws will not be published until some month
or two after the adjournmentof Congress. The
laws of this session are passing through this
newspaper publication now. Admit that they
are behind a month or two. If the laws are
not published in the newspapers at all they
will be behind three or four months more.
Hence it will increase the evil to which the
honorable Senator has referred if wo concur
in the amendment which was adopted in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
But, sir, I have no doubt that that is an ex-
ceptional case. Probably the papers in this
city do delay the publication of the laws for
the reason that they know that the public offi-
cers here have access to the rolls of the State
Department, and to the official copies as they
are printed at the Public Printing Office. The
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania' TMr
Scott] has kindly furnished me with the law
regulating this subject; and from the text of
the law it will be seen that these great delays
ought not to occur:
It shall bo the duty of the Secretary of State to
transmit to tho Congressional Printer, at the begin-
ning of each session of Congress, and thereafter, when
necessary, a list of all newspapers authorized by law
to publish the laws of the United States, with their
respective post offices, so far as the same shall have
been communicated to him by the Clerk of the House
of Representatives; and it shall be the duty of the
Congressional Printer, on the printing of eac h act or
resolution, except those which are of a private char-
acter and which shall be so designated by tho Secre-
tary of State, to transmit a copy thereof to each of
the editors of such newspapers for prompt publica-
tion. And tho number of copies of the public acts
and resolutions requisite for this purpose are hereby
authorized and required to be printed."
Mr. President, it will be seen from this that
it is the duty of the Secretary of State, so'soon
as he shall be informed by the Clerk of the
House of Representatives what newspapers
have been selected for the publication of the
laws, to furnish the Public Printer with a list;
and it is made the duty of the Public Printer,
whenever he prints one of these laws, to send
a copy to each one of these newspapers; so
that in point of fact an official copy of every
law is or ought to be sent out from the Public
Printing Office to each newspaper authorized
to print the laws of the United States. They
ought to start in the mails on the very day on
which each Senator and member is furnished
with a copy at his desk ; and hence there ought
to be no'very great delay.
I should have no objection to the amendment
proposed by my honorable colleague. I believe
we ought rather toincrease the number of news-
papers authorized to publish the laws than to
cut off the publication. But, while I would
not call in question the practical knowledge of
my honorable colleague, who has spent a large
part of his useful life in conducting a news-
paper, yet it cannot have escaped his obser-
vation that the newspapers in Iowa are now
printing the laws of Iowa. A large majority of
our newspapers are weekly papers, and those
laws are now rapidly passing through this
mode of publication in the form I previously
suggested. They are printed on separate
sheets by the weekly newspapers, and are cir-
culated from week to week with their issues.
And so it is with the newspapers authorized
to publish the laws of the United States. The
weekly papers that have not space enough to
publish these laws without detriment to their
private business print them on separate sheets
of paper, and thus circulate them, so that the
officers of the Government have access to them
in a very few days after they go into effect.
Mr. YA LES. Mr. President, I think agood
opportunity is now presented to the Senate of
showing whether they are really in favor of
economy and reform. In my opinion there
never could be a more useless expenditure of
tbe public, money than in publishing the laws
of the United States in the newspapers of the
country. I kaow of no benefit derived from
it except it be to raise a scramble between Sen-
ators and Representatives—there are sixteen
from my State—as to what papers shall have
the honor of publishing the laws. Doubtless, in
the State of Iowa, or it may be in the State of
Indiana, or some other States, where the people
depend entirely upon their county newspapers
tor information, they will read not only the
heading of (he paper every morning, and the
price of the paper, but the advertisements, and
perhaps even the laws.
Mr. RAMSEY. Do they read the advertise-
ments?
Mr. YATES. I suppose so. They do in
Minnesota, I believe. [Laughter, j There are
so te w papers in that State that the people read
all, the advertisements. But, sir, to an llli-
nmsian a newspaper heading, "Laws of the
United States,'' is a perfect terror and a fright.
1 repeat, sir, that this is a useless expend-
iture of the public money. Its onlv effect is
to create a scramble whether this Senator shall
have one paper or this Representative, out of
sixteen in my State, shall have another paper
selected m which to publish the laws. If a law
is important the county newspapers give all
its leading features. The commonest farmer
in the country turns down his paper and passes
