m 4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
[Mr. Scofield] has the candor to admit it, as
I expected he would. It follows of necessity
from this legislation, and in the light of the
conduct of the present Governor of Georgia,
(Governor Bullock,) who in every official doc-
ument since January last has designated him-
self as provisional governor, and the Legislature
as the provisional Legislature of Georgia.
I repeat again that a provisional Legislature
never did make a valid ratification either of the
fourteenth or fifteenth amendments. I repeat
again by this bad example wo put it in the
power of subsequent Congresses to declare the
same thing of the five other states named in the
act of 1868, and whose ratifications are essen-
tial against a challenge of the validity of your
constitutional amendments. What is there, sir,
to justify such legislation.
Mr. Speaker, I come to the bill offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
As I have said, the pretense is now that we are
to give the Legislature two years of legal exist-
ence. It has had two years of legal existence,
ratifying the fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments to the Constitution. Every member of it
except one has drawn his full pay for the whole
time, and I undertake to say such an amount of
pay as was never drawn before within the same
time by a legislative assembly equalin numbers.
A majority of the body have occupied their
places as members of the Legislature ever since
it was organized in July, 1868. Prom that hour
to this seventy of the members have been there
who voted to expel the forty colored members,
in violation of the constitution of the State;
and yet, for some strange reason, those gentle-
men who did this act in violation of the consti-
tution of the State, and of the rights of the
colored citizens of the State, arc to be perpet-
uated in their places for two years and a half,
to do some worse act I suppose in the future,
by aid of Congress!
Mr. Speaker, of one thing you may be
, assured: the American people have decreed,
and have written their decree in the flame of
battle, that hereafter there shall be neither
vassal States nor vassal men in this Republic ;
that the States shall be equal in their rights as
States, that citizens shall be equal in their
rights as citizens, and that men, whether citi-
zens or strangers, shall be equal in their rights
as men, in those rights which belong to them,
not by virtue of parchment scrolls, but by vir-
tue of that creative energy which breathed into
them ths breath of life and they became living
souls. I deny that you can rightfully impose
upon Georgia any conditions whatever that
you cannot impose upon Ohio and New York.
The States are equal. As to the conditions
offered by my friend and colleague, [Mr. Law-
rence,] I find no fault with them. He might
as well say, however, to make it short, that
Georgia is admitted to representation subject
to the provisions and requirements of the Con-
stitution of our common country. _ _
The amendment offered by the majority of
the Committee on Beeonstruction is what is
needed, in my judgment, to complete and per-
fect the bill of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes.] It is to add to the first
section the following proviso :
But nothing in this act contained shall bo con-
strued to deprive the people ot (xeorgia of thu 'Jg'"
to an election for members of tlio (icnerat Assembly
of said State in the jjoar 18i0, as provided lor m the
constitution of said State.
If the constitution adopted in 1868, and put
in operation in 1868, did not limit the General
Assembly to a term of two years, and until the
January following,when their successors elected
should be qualified, pray to what term did it
limit it? If it did not limit the term at all,
then it was not a republican constitution. If
that be the constitution of Georgia, that the
Legislature may perpetuate itself, which I deny,
then I am for the Senate bill, for reducing the
State to a military department, and governing
it by arms for the present, rather than by laws,
until a government republican in form shall be
established.
Sir, the term of the Legislature of Georgia
is limited by the constitution of that State.
The words of the constitution of the State are
that the members of the house of represent-
atives shall be elected for two years ; and the
election shall begin on Tuesday after the first
Monday in November) every second year, ex-
cept the first election, -which shall be within
sixty days after the adjournment of the con-
vention, to wit, the 20th of April, 1868. The
Legislature was then chosen, in April, 1868,
and organized as such Legislature in July,
1868. That body then elected and organ-
ized has exercised the functions and powers
of* a Legislature ever since. That body has
been twice declared by laws of the United
States to be the Legislature of Georgia. The
State has been represented on this floor by a
.full delegation, save one, during the last Con-
gress under this organization. Here let me
remark that States with provisional govern-
ments only are not represented on the floor of
Congress, and cannot be.
States without constitutional State govern-
ments do not send members of Congress here
to enact laws for the American people; they
have no power to do it. We are not author-
ized to legislate save as the Eepresentatives
of organized States. Georgia is a constitu-
tionally organized State, and should be repre-
sented. What arc we told? Why, that if you
allow an election in that State this year, as pro-
vided in her constitution, you may lose the
State politically. Is that ground upon which
you can stand? I aver, sir, there is a clear
Republican majority of more than ten thou-
sand in Georgia to-day, a majority greater than
the majority Governor Bullock received.
I am for the section reported by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] au-
thorizing the State to organize their militia. I
have no objection to it. 1 supposed that restric-
tion had been repealed long ago. Assuming
it has not, I am for allowing the State to organ-
ize their militia. 1 do not doubt the power of
the President to intervene there or anywhere,
under the general laws to suppress domestic
violence. Let him do it. Now, with a militia
organized under a Governor on our side, under
a Legislature on our side, with laws enaetcd by
our own friends, if we cannot carry the elec-
tion, shall we for that reason refuse to allow the
people of Georgia to vote as provided in their
constitution, which we have approved? Sir,
that is a most lame and impotent conclusion,
and if it proves anything it proves too much,
and is therefore utterly worthless for the pur-
pose of this argument. If the people cannot
have a peaceable electfon, having the whole
legislative power in their hands, backed by the
militia and the power of the United States,
then they are not fit to be admitted to repre-
sentation on any terms. If they can, they
ought to be.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I now yield for fifteen minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garviei,u.]
Mr. GAKFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
have been a listener for the last two years to
what has been said on the subject of recon-
struction , and duri n g that ti me have rarely taken
a part in these debates. We have now reached
a critical period in our legislation, when we
are called upon to perform the final act—to
complete for better or for worse the recon-
struction policy of the Government. I have
followed the remarks of my colleague from
Ohio, [Mr. Bixchau,] as well as those of other
gentlemen, and I confess that any attempt at
reconciling all we have done on the subject of
reconstruction so as to form consistent prece-
dents for any given theory of legislative action
is to my mind a failure. There are no theo-
ries for the management of whirlwinds and
earthquakes. There are no precedents for any
of the great and sudden evils of society which
are themselves unprecedented.
While on the whole the historian will be
able to trace a general line of conduct not
altogether inconsistent with itself during the
last five or six years of our legislation on this
subject, I think he will find many anomalies
in the course of that history. For my part, I
have never admitted the doctrine ot State
suicide. I opposed that doctrine in 1864. I
opposed it again in I860, at a time when it was
popular here and in the other end of*® Cap-
itol, and I am glad to know the settleffTpolicy
of the country has at last also condemned it.
While we did not as a nation admit the doc-
trine that States by rebellion could go out of
the Union and set themselves up as independ-
ent States except by successful rebellion, the
nation nevertheless held and asserted that under
the Constitution we had the amplest power to
coerce by arms and then to restore to its place
m the Union any State that chose to destroy
its organization and rebel against the Govern-
ment of the United States. In the exercise
of those high constitutional functions we first
put down the rebellion, and have since been
setting up, one by one, the shattered pillars of
those States which the rebellion attempted to
demolish, and thus to destroy the noble struc-
ture of the Union. It is now iii our hands to
determine how Georgia, the last of the rebel
States, shall be restored to her place in the
great temple of States.
As.ipoinlof departure, I call attention to one
proposition upon which all parties arc agreed.
That proposition is this : that Georgia has in
some way, whether regularly or irregularly,
complied in good faith with the conditions
prescribed for her by Congress as preliminary
to her restoration to her place in Congress.
The bill which we sent to the Senate recited in
its preamble that she had thus complied. The
bill which came back to us from the Commit-
tee on .Reconstruction of this House recites in
its preamble that Georgia has complied with
those conditions. The amendment which is
reported from the minority of that committee
recites the same thing. And the amendment
offered by my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] recites the same thing. All concur
in the declaration that Georgia has in good
faith complied with those preliminaries which
entitle her to representation in Congress. I
do not say there are not some persons who will
deny this. But I do say that no considerable
number of representatives, either here or in
the Senate, will deny that she has in good faith
complied with the terms which Congress here-
tofore prescribed.
Now, that she has thus complied, I think it
is agreed with almost equal unanimity, that
Georgia is now entitled to representation here
and in the Senate. The only matter of differ-
ence among us is this: how shall it be done;
on what termsand conditions shall we now admit
Georgia to representation ?
There arc about three classes of conditions
pending. In the first place, the Senate lias
sent us a bill in which it is definitely prescribed
that Georgia shall on a certain day of Novem-
ber next hold an election for members of the
Legislature, and that she shall then be entitled
to repiesentation in Congress. To that bill,
which has comeback here, thegentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has offered an
amendment, which also proposes that Georgia
shall be admitted to representation, but is silent,
upon the question of the election. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Fawcsworth] offers
an amendment from the majority of the mem-
bers of the Committee on Reconstruction which
declares that this bill shall not be construed to
prevent an election. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] offers an amendment
to let the State of Georgia in, but is also silent
upon the subject of an election; butitremands
that subject, as the gentleman would say, to
the authorities of the State of Georgia.
Now, so far as my own vote is concerned, I
should have no trouble in voting for a simple
act of admission of the State of Georgia, with-
out remark or explanation, if I had not been
put upon my inquiry as to the effect of such a
