1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195B
be admitted. If there is anything plain it is
that the purpose was to give" them a Ml term
after the State was admitted. It is plain on
the face of this ordinance. It did not provide
for more than two years ahead. The plain
intent of it was, that if admitted before Novem-
ber, 1868, the term should date from Novem-
ber, 1868; if admitted after November, 1868,
and before November, 1870, the term should
date from November, 1870. Taking the whole
language together there is nothing plainer than
that this was the intent of the convention.
There can be no doubt about that.
Taking that for granted, and I believe a fair
construction of the constitution caa lead to no
other conclusion, I want to know where is the
injustice of this view, and who is to blame for
it? If there was an intention that they should
have a term, who has prevented them from hav-
ing it? The very men who now want this pro-
viso, known as the Bingham amendment, to be
fastened on Georgia; the men who organized
that Legislature in defiance of the constitution;
the men who expelled the colored members and
usurped their places; the men who have had
control in Georgia from the beginning until
now; the men who defied your laws; the men
who organized anarchy and discord—they are
the men who complain of this. They say that
the colored men have had their term and it is
unjust that they should have it now. Thefact
is that during most of this time the colored
men have been excluded and these men who
are objecting to this construction of the con-
stitution have been holding that very term of
office, not because they were duly elected, but
because they were organized usurpers; and I
should like to call the attention of the Senate
to this point, as it is a very serious matter, and
it was with great reluctance that I differed from
the committee upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not remember that
there was any difference of opinion in the com-
mittee as to when the term of office began.
Mr. STEWART. They say that it is unjust,
and that it is usurpation to construe the Geor-
gia constitution in the way I have contended
lor. I think it clear that it was the plain de-
sign of the convention that a full term of oBiee
should be had; and as Congress has decided
that there was no legal Legislature until h eb-
ruary last, has decided that there was no Legis-
lature it could recognize, because it has refused
to recognize any other, the term of these officers
must date from February last. It was intended
that they should have a full term in which to ^
legislate, for very grave and important con- '
siderations If the Bingham amendment is to
be adopted, if they cannot have time within
which to legislate, it is more than inhuman to
admit the State of Georgia and turn it over to
the hands of those who will then control it.
Under this very constitution the Legislature
can have only forty days' session without a
two-thirds vote; and with a large minority hos-
tile to reconstruction in that Legislature what
can be done in that time, particularly in the
present disorganized condition of Georgia? I
have before me the report of General Terry,
than whom there are few more candid or more
able men, as to the condition of Georgia; and
I appeal to you whether in the disorganized
state of societyin Georgia,if you donotgive this
Legislature time to organize, time to pass laws,
and time to put them in force, it is not crim-
inal to admit the State? I should like to have
the Secretary read the portion of this report
that I have marked.
The Secretary read the following extract
from the report of General Terry dated August
14, 1809, transmitted to the Senate by the
President of the United States on December
9, 1809:
"I liarc uolayed making the report thus called
for until the present time, m order that 1 might
become acquainted with the condition oi "j
Ucorgia before expressing any opinion in regaid to
them Now, i have reluctantly Mtje to the conclu-
sion that the situation hero demands tho intorp.osi-
tion of tho national Government, m order that Ule
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 123.
and property maybe protected, freedom of speech
and political action secured, and. the rights and lib-
erties of the freedmen maintained.
"Thisopinion is based upon complaints made to
me, the reports of officers detailed to investigate
alleged outrages, and upon the statements of many
persons of respectability and high position from
different parts of the State, in whose representa-
tions I must repose confidence; some of whom have
given me information only under the pledge of
secrecy, the state of affairs in their section being
such that they feared the extreme of personal vio-
lence should it become known that they had been
in communication with me.
4* In many parts of the State there is practically no
government. The worst of crimes are committed,
and no attempt is made to punish those who commit
them. Murders have been, and arc, frequent; the
abuse in various ways of the blacks is too common to
excitenotice. Therecanbeno doubtof thecxisteuce
"of numerous insurrectionary organizations known as
KukluxKlans, who, shielded by their disguise, by the
secrecy of their movements, and by the terror which
they inspire, perpefcralecrime with impunity. There
is great reason to believe that in some cases local
magistrates are in sympathy with the members of
these organizations. In many places they are over-
awed by them, and dare not attempt to punish them.
To punish such offenders by civil proceedings would
be a difficult task, even were magistrates in all cases
disposed, and had they the courage to do their duty;
-for the same influences which govern them equally
affect juries and witnesses. A conversation which I
have had with a wealthy planter, a gentleman of in-
telligence and education, and a political opponentof
tho present national Administration, will illustrate
this difficulty. While deploring thelamentable con-
dition ol affairs in the county in which he lives, he
frankly admitted to me that, were the most worthless
vagabond in the country to be charged with a crime
against the person of a Republican, or a negro, nei-
ther he nor any or,her person of property within the
county would dare to refuse to give bail for the of-
fender, nor would they d*\re to testify against him,
whatever might be their knowledge of his guilt.
"That very many of thecrimes which have been
committed have no political bearing, I believe; that
some of them wore prompted by political animosity,
and that most of the numerous outrages upon freed-
men result from hostility to the race, induced by thoir
enfranchisement, I think cannot be controverted.
"The same difficulties which beset the prosecution
of criminals are encountered by negroes who seek
redress; for nivil injuries in the local courts. Magis-
trates dare not do their duty toward them, and in-
stances are not wanting whereithas even been beyond
the power of a magistrate to protect a negro plaintiff
from violence in his own presence, while engaged in
the trial of his case. I desire it to be understood that
in speaking of magistrates Iin no degree refer to tho
judges of the superior courts; they are gentlemen
of high character. I have every confidence that they
will do their duty fearlessly and impartially, but it
isto bo observed that even they cannot control grand
and petty juries; they cannot compel the former to
indict nor tho latter to renderunprejudiced verdicts.
" The Executive of the State would gl adly interpose
to give to all citizens tho protection which is their
right, but under the constitution and laws he has
power neither to act directly in bringing offenders
to justice nor to compel subordinate officers to do
their duty. I do not suppose thatthegreatmajority
of the people of the State of either race approve of
the commission of these crimes. I believe that not
onJy would they gladly see good order restored, peace
and quiet maintained, and tho law vindicated, but
would lend their aid to secure these ends, were they
not controlled by their fears. Governed, however,
by their apprehensions, and having no confidence
that tho civil authorities will afford them protec-
tion, in many counties they suffer those evils to exist
without an effort to abate them, and meekly submit
to tho rulo of the disorderly and criminal minority.
"While I have been in command of the depart-
ment I have endeavored to tako no action which
could not bo justified by the letter of the law, even
if Georgia should be held to be restored to its ori-
ginal relations to the General Government. I have
confined myself to giving support to the civilauthor-
it?e<?, and moving detachments of troops into some
of the disturbed counties where their presence would
exert a good influence, and where they would be
ready to act if properly called upon. I think that
some good has in this way been accomplished, but
tho great evil has by no means been reaeked. As a
department commander I can do no more; for what-
ever may be the status of Georgia, and whatever may
be the powers which an officer assigned to command
tho third district created by the reconstruction acts
would possess, it is only an officer so assigned who
could exercise them; they are not vested in me by
assignment to the command of this department.
Where, therefore, the civil authorities are in sympa-
thy with or are overawed by those who commit
crime it is manifest that I am powerless. In this
connection I respectfully call the special attention
of the General commanding the Army to the reports
in regard to the attempt made in Warren county to
secure tho arrest and punishment of persons charged
with crime, which are this day forwarded. It ap-
pears to me that the national honor is pledged to the
protection of the loyalists and the freedmen of the
South. I am well aware that the protection of per-
sons and property is not ordinarily one of the func-
tions of the national Government; but when it is
remembered that hostility to the supporters of tho
Government is but a manifestation of hostility to
the Government itself, and that the prevailing preju-
dice against the blacks results from their emanci-
pation—the act of the Government—it would seem
that such protection cannot be denied them if it be
within the power of the Government to give it."
Mr# STEWART, If there was anything
further-than that report needed to show the
condition of things in Georgia I hold in my
hands a report made the year previous by Major
General Q. O, Howard while he was Commis-
sioner of the Freedmen's Bureau, and all of
the pages which I exhibit to the Senate con-
tain a list of murders and outrages for which
the parties went unwhipped of justice and
where there was no effort to punish them; and
it was stated by the officers making this report
that they could not get half the information
because the people were afraid to give it. It
sums up three hundred and thirty-six cases of
outrages where there was no effort to punish,
and as a general thing these murders were in
accordance with public opinion. Public opin-
ion was such that it was dangerous to attempt
to punish the offenders; and it appears from
the report of General Terry that this state of
things was continued. Now, there is ample
reason why, if the Legislature is to be set up,
it should have a sufficient time to act, I be-
lieve we are all agreed on that. Bat it is said
that somebody is a bad man, that Bullock or
Blodgett or somebody is bad, and that Hill is
a saint. I have heard it said that Hill is a truly
loyal man. I do not want to attack Hill. He
was laboring under very peculiar circumstances
when he wrote a letter which I have in my
hand ; and in order to show that he is not en-
tirely free from blame, that he has been in the
same boat with some of those he complains of,
I should like to have his record compared with
that of Governor Bullock or Blodgett; and for
the purpose of letting you know who Hill is I
ask the Clerk to read a portion of a letter of
Joshua Hill, dated Madison, Georgia, August
31, 1803, at the time he was running for Gov-
ernor and repelling certain charges of dis-
loyalty to the confederacy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What has that to do with
this question?
Mr. STEWART. Wait a moment and I will
tell the Senator from Vermont what it has to do
with it. It has so much to do with it that the
Senator from Illinois yesterday thought the
people of Georgia would be perfectly safe in
Hill's hands, and sneered at a dispatch stating
that if they were turned over to Hill and Miller
they would be in danger. Now, I want to show
a little of the record of Mr. Hill, who can take
such good care of the loyal people of Georgia,
and I will state before it is read that Mr. Hill
comes here elected by the very men who ex-
pelled the negroes, by the very men who defied
your authority. He only got a few Republican
votes ; he was elected by the disloyal element
of Georgia and sent here, and the Senatorfrom
Illinois indorses him. I say when the question
to be considered is whether we shall accept the
doings of that Legislature in 1868 it is proper
to examine it from all points and see how that
Legislature was constituted, whom it admitted,
whom it expelled, and its whole proceedings j
for when Mr. Hill comes here with his creden-
tials from that Legislature it is claimed that
we should have such legislation as will install
him in office, for I belieye this Bingham amend-
ment is very strong evidence in favor of his
right to a seat, I think it almost enact-
ment that Mr. Hill is entitled to it, for that
amendment says that the term of office of the
members of the Legislature shall date from a
certain time, date back to the time the original
organization commenced. It makes some dif-
ference whether it was a legal Legislature or
whether it was not from that time. I apprc*
hend that this act when it goes into effect will
relate back to the time the Legislature was
properly organized, and that its actum sewse
quent to its due organization will be valid, i
apprehend that if you date its organization
from July, 1868, its ratification of the tour-
J teenth amendment will be regarded as valid,
