4786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
party of the Union," forsooth—which the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] gays has,
"under God," brought about the restoration of
the States. "Under God!" What irreverence!
Dante locates his Inferno under God. Per-
haps this is meant: the inspiration of such bills
is from that locality. "Under God" thisparti-
san farce has been acted! " Under God " these
"irregularities" are practiced in Georgia!
"Under God" laws are violated! "Under
God" these degrading personalities of Bul-
lock & Co. have transpired, to the disgust and
disgrace of humanity! " Under God " chaos
has come! "Under God" this Congress has
tinkered, hammered, and coddled away here,
in a loose, temporary, and inconsistent way—
in a way utterly subversive of local and State
governments and to the eternal dishonor of
statesmanship!
Still, as Mr. Lincoln once said, he would
favor the " earliest practical relations " of the
recusant States to the Union, I will vote for the
least objectionable of all this batch of pestifer-
ous bills and substitutes.
If I had my own way, and if I were a Geor-
gian, I would welcome negro rule, military rule,
any rule but that of this anomalous, illogical,
uncertain, diabolical, and farcical rule, such as
Congress provides for Georgia, "under God."
Mr. DAWES. For which proposition is the
gentleman to vote?
Mr. COX. I shall vote with the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] as the least objec-
tionable course.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, the remarkable
course which has been pursued by the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction in regard to this
remarkable bill, and the still more remarkable
fact that a minority of the committee present
their bill and control the management of the
whole question on the floor, to the exclusion,
almost from consideration even, of the bill
agreed on and ordered to be reported by the
majority of the committee, makes it not only
proper, but necessary to state clearly, before
1 attempt any argument, how this anomalous
condition of things was brought about, so that
the House and the country may understand it.
I am authorized to do so by the rules of the
committee, which allow all our acts to be made
public unless specially otherwise ordered.
When the Georgia bill, as amended by the
Senate, was referred to us about the middle of
May, a bare majority, eight of the fifteen,
ordered the bill now presented by the chair-
man to be reported; the other seven favored
a bill simply declaring that Georgia was enti-
tled to representation, and should hold an elec-
tion this fall for the election of membersof the
Legislature, &c., under her constitution; which
it was agreed should be submitted to the House
as an amendment or substitute. After several
rather stormy sessions, much delay, and a good
deal of unpleasantness, one of the members
of the majority having changed his opinions in
the mean time, and for very satisfactory rea-
sons having determined to recommend the
passage of the bill directing an election this
fall, the majority was changed; but_as that
member did not desire to do anything that
might be construed as uncivil to the chairman
the bill was left in his hands to report, requir-
ing hira tu slate all the facts to tliG Housej and
submit botli propositions to the House for its
consideration. Tlie House is too familiar with
the scene of yesterday evening to^ render any
allusion to it necessary. The obvious effort to
keep the substitute from the House seemed lor
a time likely to succeed, but did not; and the
House can determine for itself which proposi-
tion it will adopt.
Mr. Speaker, the House cannot tail to ob-
serve that the bill now reported by the chair-
man and his friends is the same as that ori-
einally reported in March last by the same
o-ontlemen, which was then, after full discus-
sion, rejected by this House, and after a most
elaborate debate wholly repudiated by the Sen-
ate • and it will be further observed that the
amendment or substitute now offered on behalf
of the now majority of the committee by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] is
the same in every essential particular as that
originally adopted by the House, known as the
Bingham amendment, and makes the same
provision substantially for an election of mem-
bers of the Legislature this fall as the Senate
amendment provides.
No ordinary exigency could warrant or ex-
cuse the chairman of the committee and his
friends in reporting again a bill which both
Houses had rejected, and in attempting to
exclude, even from consideration, a provision
sustained by a majority of the committee and
indorsed by both Houses of Congress. The
truth may as well be avowed; they arc determ-
ined, if possible, in plain, palpable violation
of the constitution and laws of Georgia, in
utter disregard of the decided action of both
Houses of Congress, to perpetuate the power
for two years longer of Governor Bullock and
his bogus Legislature, and therefore postponed
the report till the very heel of the session, when
it was supposed thechairmauof the Committee
on Appropriations would succeed in cutting off
debate by threatening us with an extension of
the session if we did not lay aside everything
and take up the appropriation bills, or that the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
or some other leading Representative, would
always secure the floor and exclude this bill,
or at least put the gag on all who sought to
oppose or expose it. Want of time for discus-
sion was to be the excuse to the House and
the country for the way it was expected to
crowd it through.
1 consider it an insult to the House on such
a question as this to make the excuse that there
is no time to discuss it. There was time for
six weeks, night and day, to discuss fifteen
or twenty pages of a tariff bill, and then throw
it aside. Six hours can be wasted to determ-
ine what the tax shall be on peanuts, and as
many more on nickel, hoop-skirts, and hair-
pins, to take money from all the people and
fill the pockets of a few. We can spend a
day or more to settle the momentous ques-
tion of whether our representative at Rome
shall be called minister or consul, and take
weeks to elect Representatives from Louisiana
and elsewhere whom the people have rejected
by overwhelming majorities. But when we
have to determine whether a sister sover-
eign State shall bo stricken down and placed
under the control for at least two years' longer,
if not for over, of a band of plunderers and
usurpers, civil and military, whether civil war
shall be inaugurated there and devastation and
ruin spread over the State, then it is urged that
the House has not time even to hear an amend-
ment which they know will obviate all these
calamities and restore peace and prosperity to
that distracted Slate. To show that this pre-
tense about time is only intended to delude
and deceive, this bill, which was ordered five
weeks ago to be reported, has been held up
till now, though the committee is authorized
to report at any time, and there have been
ample opportunities to submit it to the House.
No, sir; the whole object and purpose of this
bill, as I stated a moment ago, is to continue in
power for two years longer than by the consti-
tution and laws of Georgia they are entitled to
retain their places Governor Bullock and the
concern called a Legislature which he and Gen-
eral Terry have foisted upon the State, and to
put at their disposal a negro militia to enforce
their edicts, however iniquitous or oppressive
they may be. This House less than four months
ago, by a vote of 115 to 71, repudiated the prop-
osition now submitted, and determined that
there should be an election held this fall for a
new Legislature, and the Senate only a month
or so ago, by a majority of Republican votes,
no Democrat voting, did the same thing, yet
in the face of the^e facts, a minority of the
Reconstruction Committee of this House at
the dictation of the chairman had the assur-
ance (I would use a stronger term if it was par-
liamentary) to attempt to say that this House
shall not have the right even to vote whether
it will maintain its former well-considered and
deliberately-taken position, but shall be forced
to vote for what they in their assumed majesty
see fit to submit as their supreme will and
pleasure. . ,
It is an insult, as I said, to this House for such a
proposition to be seriously suggested, liven if
the Democrats are entitled to no consideration,
there werein that one hundred and fifteen, then a
clear majority of all the members, present and
absent, sixty-five Republicans, among them the
chairmen of twenty-six of the committees-ol this
House, namely, on Appropriations, of Ways
and Means, on Banking and Currency, on the
Pacific Railroad, of Claims, on the Post Office,
&c., on Agriculture, on Military Affairs, on the
Judiciary, for the District of Columbia, on
Private Land Claims, on Foreign Affairs, on the
Territories, on Revolutionary Pensions, &c.,
on Railways and Canals, on Freedmcn's Affairs,
on Coinage, on Patents, on Public Buildings,
on Mileage, on Expenditures in Treasury, on
Expenditures in WarDepartinent, on Expend-
itures on Public Buildings, on Printing, on
Retrenchment, and on Postal Telegraph Lines.
In short, men who certainly represent a large
proportion of the intellect of the majority dom-
inant, here. 1 will publish the official vote from
the Globe of March 9, on the Bingham amend-
ment, which is as follows, being substantially
the substitute now proposed for the bill reported
by the chairman of the committee:
"The Speaker. The first question will be upon
tlio amendment, of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr,
Bixgiia.m,J which the Clerk wilt read.
"The Clerk re.id as fellows:
' 'J'rovided. That noth; ng in this act con tain ed shal 1
bo construed to vacate any of the offices now filled
in the Stale of Georgia, cither by the election of the
people or by the appointment of the Governor thereof,
by and with the advice and consent of the senate of
said State; neither shall this act bo construed to
extend the official tenure of any officer of said State
beyond the term limited by the constitution thereof,
dating from the election or appointment ol' such
ollieer: nor to depiive the people of Georgia of the
right under their constitution to elect senators and
representatives of the Stato of Georgia in the year
1870, either on the day named in the constitution of
such State or such other day as tho present Legisla-
ture may designate by law.
"Tho question was taken upon the amendment;
and upon a division there were—ayes 87, noes 44.
" Before the result of the vote was announced,
"Mr. Butlku, of Massachusetts, called for the yeas
and nays.
" The yeas and nays were ordered.
"Tho Question was again taken; and it was decided
in tho affirmative—yeas 115, nays 71, not voting 30;
as follows:
" Yeas—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Archer,
Axtell. Banks, Bcaman, Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bing-
ham, Bird, Blair, Booker, Burchard, Burr, Calkin,
Churchill, Cleveland, Coburn, Cook, Cox, Crebs,
Cullom, Dawes, Dickinson, Dockery, Dox, Duval,
Uldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg,
Garfiold, Get-/,, Griswold, llaight, HaUleman, Hale,
llambleton, Jlamill, Hawkins, liawley, llay, llea-
ton, Hill. Itolman, Ingersoll, Jcnokes. Johnson,
Thomas L.Jones, Jucid, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham,
Knott, Laflin, Logan, Marshall, Mayham, McCar-
thy, McCormick, MeCrary, McKcnzie, McNeely,
Milncs, Eliakiinll. Moore, Jesse II. Moore, Niblack,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Piatt, Pomeroy, Potter,
Randall, Reading, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sargent,
Schenck, Schumaker, Sherrod, Slocum, John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather, Stiles,
Stone, Strader, Strong, Swann, Taffe, Tanner,
Trimble, Tyner,Van Auken,Van Trump, Voorhecs,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard, Wil-
liams, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winans,
Witcher. Wood, and Woodward—115.
" Nays — Messrs. Arnell, Asper, Atwood. Aycr,
Benjamin, Boles, Bowcn, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin 1\
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Clarke,
Aniasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Covode,
Davis, Dickey, Donley, Fisher, G-ilfillan, Hamilton,
Harris, Hays, Heflin. Hoar, tloge, Hooper, Uotch-
kiss, Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Kelley, ICuapp,
Lash, Lawrence, Loughridge, Maynard, McICeo,
Mcreur, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Sam-
uel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Paine,
Palmer, Peree, Phelps, l'rosser, Iloots, Sanford,
Sawyer, Shanks, William J. Smith, William Smyth,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Tillman,
'lownsend. Twichell, Upson, and Van Horn—71.
'Nra Voting—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Bai-
ley, Barnum, Bennett., Benton, James Brooks,
Cowles, Dixon, Dyer, Ela, Fitch. Fox, Gibson, Kel-
sey, Lynch, MeGmv, Morgan, Morphis, Morrissey,
Mungen, Peters, Poland, Porter, Ridgway, Sea-
