1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3, i
consideration of the memorial of the American
consul at Vienna, asking for an increase of
compensation, and that the same, with the
accompanying papers, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The motion, by unanimous consent, was
agreed to.
SIOUX FALLS AND YANCTON.
Mr. SPINK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1090 ) granting lands
to the Minnesota and Missouri River Railroad
Company, in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the Minne-
sota State line, in the vicinity of Sioux Falls,
to Yancton, in Dakota Territory; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
ROSALIE WEBSTER.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1091) granting a
pension to Rosalie Webster; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee 011 Invalid Pensions.
FREE BANKING.
Mr. SCHUMAKER, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee, on Banking and
Currency be instructed to inquire into the propriety
of so amending <*f June 3,1804, as to give to
any citisen of the United States the privileges of
banking upon all bonds issued by the United States,
and that they report their conclusions to this House.
POST ROADS IN WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. WITCHER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1092) to establish
certain post roads in the State of West Vir-
ginia ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
SEAL FISHERIES IN ALASKA.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Betolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be di-
rected to transmit, for the information of this House,
the report of C. W.Raymond upon the seal fisheries
and outer matters in Alaska, filed February 1,13-70.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider all
votes this morning, referring or recommitting
bills and joint resolutions, since the motion to
reconsider by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman ;] and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN CITIZENS IMPRISONED ABROAD.
Mr. HOLM AN. I call for the regular order.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the following resolution, reported
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, That the
President of the United States be requested to com-
municate to this House, if notincompatible with the
public interest, any information which may have
come to his knowledge concerning American citi-
zens, whether native or naturalized, who may be at
this time confined in the jails or prisons of Great
Britain for political offenses, and any facts in rela-
tion to the treatment of such prisoners which he may
feel at liberty to communicate.
The question was upon adopting the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Willard} is entitled to the floor
for fifty minutes.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, when the
morning hour closed yesterday I was replying
to some remarks of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox, ] who had said that I was doing
him and myself injustice by connecting this
resolution in any way with the Fenian organi-
zation or with Fenian demonstrations in this
country.
Sir, it is true that one who did not know that
there was such an organization, who did not
know its previous history, might not learn any-
thing of its history from the resolution intro-
duced by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Cox,] or from the resolution reported by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. But the man-
ifest purpose of the original resolution as well
as the manifest purpose of the report made by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs was an
expression of sympathy with Irish-American
citizens confined in British prisons as political
offenders; by which expression I was at liberty
to understand, and this House was at liberty
to understand that reference was made to
American citizens of Irish descent who, having
forsworn their allegiance to the crown of Great
Britain, and having sworn allegiance to the
Government and Constitution of the United
States, had afterward embarked in enterprises
and insurrections having for their avowed pur-
pose the dismemberment of the British em-
pire.
It is because those persons have been en-
gaged in such unlawful enterprises enter-
prises which offend not only the laws of Great
Britain but which are almost equally offenses
against the laws of the United States-—that
they have been arrested on British soil and [
cast into British prisons, under charges prop- !
erly brought against them in British tribunals,
and for which they are yet to be tried. And,
sir, while I hold that an American citizen, !
whether of native or foreign birth—whether a
child of this country because born on our soil, I
or whether a citizen of the Republic because
he has sought an asylum on our shores and
sworn allegiance to our Government—is enti-
tled to all the protection that we give to any
American citizen ; while I would extend over I
the foreign-born American citizens the same
shield and "protection that we extend over
native-born American citizens, I yet hold that
we should proceed with the utmost caution
when we are called upon to express our sym- |
pathy with prisoners, whether of American or |
foreign birth, who have been arrested on for-
eign soil for a violation of the laws of a foreign
jurisdiction.
I hold, sir, that the protection which this
Government owes to its citizens of all nation-
alities is a protection to be extended to them
in their lawful pursuits wherever they may go;
but it is not a protection which they are enti-
tled to invoke, or which we are obliged to ex-
tend to them when they attempt to cover them-
selves with this robe of American citizenship,
and under that protection to assault the integ-
rity of any other Government under heaven.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to ask my col-
j league upon the Committee on Foreign Affairs
whether ne holds that the British Government
is justified in arresting and imprisoning "Fe-
nians," if you please, upon English soil for
acts which they may have performed on Amer-
ican soil ?
Mr. COX. A very pertinent inquiry.
Mr. WILKINSON. I base this question
upon the remarks which the gentleman from
Vermont made yesterday in stating why he
opposed the seeming sympathy of this report,
and the original resolution of the gentleman
from New York, with the Fenians. The gen-
tleman said he was opposed to any expression
of sympathy " with those whom they call' our
adopted fellow-citizens;' with those who are
plotting, who are planning, who are raising
money, who are organizing in this country for
the purpose of dividing the kingdom of Great
Britain and establishing a separate Government
in Ireland."
I wish to know whether my colleague on the
committee holds that the English Government
has a right to arrest an adopted Irish-Ameri-
can citizen for the sympathy which he may
have expressed or the acts which he may have
done on American scrtl?
Several Members. That is the point.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, I do not
understand that that question is necessarily
involved either in the original resolution of the
gentleman from New York or in the report
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. COX. I do not wish to interrupt the
current of the gentleman's argument; but I
will say to him that some of these prisoners
were actually tried and convicted on the state
of facts indicated in the inquiry of the gentle-
man from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson*. J
Mr. WILLARD. I was saying that I do not
understand this question as being necessarily
involved in the report of the committee or i 
the original resolution. The original resolu-
tion declares that these prisoners, for the ame-
lioration of whose condition the good offices
of the Government are invoked, are prisoners
confined in British jails for political offenses;
and I presume for political offenses committed
against the Government of Great Britain and
upon the soil of Great Britain. When the
necessary case comes before the House—when
we have the facts (and we have none such now)
calling for the action of this Government upon
the arrest or detention of American citizens in
British prisons—it will be abundant time for
us to inquire whether the English Government,
by such arrest and imprisonment, is attempting
to exercise a jurisdiction which by the laws of
nations it has no right to exercise. Now, we
are called upon to express our sympathy with
these men who, as is now more than implied by
the report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
are suffering indignities, are subjected to atro-
cious and barbarous treatment in English jails.
And I have the right to assume that this
resolution clearly applies in its whole scope to
the prisoners who were lawfully imprisoned.
The Government has not been asked by either
of these resolutions whether the British Gov-
ernment had thrust into its jails American citi-
zens who had committed no offense against it;
but this resolution upon its face asks the good
offices of our Government for men who are in
jail for "political offenses" against the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain.
But, sir, as I was saying when the gentle-
man from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson] inter-
rupted me, while I would extend the same
protection, the same protection precisely, to
an American citizen of Irish birth who is now
immured in British cells as to American citi-
zens of American birth, yet I think we should
proceed with the utmost caution and circum-
spection when we arraign a foreign Govern-
ment, which we now have the right to assume
iB a friendly Government, for the treatment
of its political prisoners.
This resolution, or rather the report of the
committee, for I am speaking rather against
that than the resolution—the report of this
committee is an attack upon a criticism of the
conduct of the English Government in the treat-
ment of its prisoners. It is a charge^ made
against that Government of inhumanity, of
atrocious inhumanity in that treatment. The
report declares that the inquiry is not only " a
duty of Christian charity, but of obligation to
our adopted citizens." It implies, sir, thatthe
conduct of those who have charge of the peni-
tentiaries of England is so aggravated and
atrocious in its inhumanity that the Govern-
ment, the Congress, and the people of the
United States are called upon to express their
sense of this great injustice, wrong, and inhu-
manity.
Well, sir, I say now and here that this reso-
lution, in my judgment, never would have
appeared on this floor and the Committee on
Foreign Affairs would never have been invited
to bring before this House this report had it
not been that the constituents of many gentle-
men of this House are Irish-American citizens
who sympathize with this effort to divide the
empire of Great Britain and to establish a sep-
arate Government for Ireland. It is, sir, noth-
ing less than sympathy with an insurrection
across the water; sympathy^ with an assault
upon the integrity of the kingdom of Great
Britain; and for an expression of any such
sympathy I have not only no kindly feeling,
but I mean to enter my protest against it.
And I think it is very clear indeed^ sir, for
those who have read the debate on this report
