3842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
Mr. CAMERON. The Register of the Treas-
ury belongs to the State of Pennsylvania, one
of the very few officers in the Treasury De-
partment that the State of Pennsylvania has,
and I know that that gentleman has not been
away at all.
Mr. PATTERSON. Then Mr. Graham
ought to'be turned out for telling what was not
true.
Mr. CAMERON. He may have been at
home for a day or two since he has been ap-
pointed ; but I am sure he has not been away
more than once, if at all; I think not at all.
He.is one of the most intelligent men belong-
ing to the Government; one of the most effi-
cient men in his place, modest and unpretend-
ing, who does not go about electioneering at
all. When he was told the other day that his
pay had been raised by a vote of the Senate he
was as much astonished as a man could be
about anything that he had never heard of or
dreamed of. He was glad to get it, of course.
It is wrong to say that he has been away, and
that therefore a deputy ought to be paid. That
is all I have to say about that.
Mr. HAllLAN. This is a singular prop-
osition, as it seems to me. I agree with very
much that the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire has said, that there are more clerks
in some of the Departments and bureaus than
perhaps are necessary, provided their qualities
were improved. If the heads of the Depart-
ments could be free from all outside pressure
and select their assistants, their subordinates,
withreference exclusively to their qualifications
for the performance of thoir respective duties,
I have no doubt that the number of employes
could be diminished very greatly without detri-
ment to the public service; but under the out-
side pressure, which Senators have helped to
create by their personal importunities, there
are many of these employes who are not per-
haps as well qualified for their positions as
other gentlemen might be who could be ob-
tained for the salaries that are paid. We all
find one-armed soldiers, soldiers with but one
limb, persons who have rendered great service
to the country in other fields, and insist on
their having the preference i'or these employ-
ments over other individuals. Jn this way I
have no doubt that some of the bureaus have
been clogged, and it is quite likely that a re-
form might be achieved it' a proper committee
should be raised for the purpose of making a
thorough examination, a thorough analysis of
the character of the force we now have in the
various Departments.
But I submit, Mr. President, that without
some clear reason an invidious distinction ought
not to bo made against one individual alone.
Has anything been said in favor of the prop-
osition of striking out thesalary of the assistant
register of the Treasury that might not apply
with equal force in reference to any other sub-
ordinate in the Treasury Department or in any
other Department? The mere fact that there
is a surplus of employes and that some of them
read newspapers and smoke cigars when not
otherwise engaged, it seems to rae would apply
as strongly against any other individual as
against the gentleman who will be affected by
this amendment if it should be adopted. Has
it been said that he spends his time improperly
in reading newspapers and smoking cigars?
Has the individual officer who is to be affected
by this amendment rendered himself liable to
this censure that is brought virtually against
all the employes of the Government indiscrim-
inately? If an example is to be made of one
individual, just one employ^ of the multiplied
thousands who are engaged in the discharge of
the public duties at Washington city, ought we
not to discriminate against some individual
who has rendered himself liable to censure on
account of his dereliction of duty, 011 account
of misfeasance or malfeasance on his part?
I have not heard a single word disparaging
the promptness, the industry, the capacity, or
the efficiency of the assistant register of the
Treasury. We have not a single syllable from
the head of the Department or the head of the
bureau from "which an inference can be drawn
that they can, without detriment to the public
service, dispense with the services of this offi-
cer. Then why should the Senate of the Uni-
ted States discriminate invidiously against him ?
I should like to have a specific reason. If the
object is to reduce the number of employ6s of
the Government I do not object, if a careful
examination shall be made, and the number
shall be so reduced as not to cripple the public
service. But to select out one individual and
ask to have his salary cut off, virtually abol-
ishing the office, without rendering a single
reason which is applicable to his official con-
duct or which discriminates that case from any
other individual case that might be stated, it
seems to me is not compatible with what ought
to be the bearing of members of this body.
I have been informed by the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that in personal con-
versation with the head of this bureau, the
Register of the Treasury, he was informed that
he desired the continuance of his assistant, and
that if the funding bill should pass his services
would be absolutely indispensable. I suppose
the chairman of the Committee on Finance of
this body expects that the funding bill or some
similar measure will be adopted by this Con-
gress before the adjournment.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
tells rae that he will vote against this amend-
ment if I will stop speaking. I therefore take
my seat.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not sup-
pose there can be a proposition for a reduction
of force in any quarter that will not be resisted
in some portion of the Senate. This assistant
was provided for in consequence of the Regis-
ter we had in 18G1 and 1802 being overtasked
so that his right arm failed him and he could
not properly sign the immense number of notes
and bonds thrown upon him to sign at that
time. That whole business has ceased; the
man who had the disabled arm is not in the
place ; and now we are asked to continue the
office. These are the facts, I believe,.
Mr. IIOWELL. I do not know 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator yield that I may make a motion? It
is apparent that this bill is not to be closed at
present; and as to-morrow is assigned for Dis-
trict of Columbia business, it appears almost
indispensable that we should have a night ses-
sion. I move, therefore, that at half past four
o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess until
half past seven.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; let us
continue in session until we finish the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senate is
disposed to sit on, very well. But there is one
thing the Senate must be. disposed to do, take
these votes without talking; otherwise we shall
have to have a night session beyond all ques-
tion. I withdraw the motion with the under-
standing that the Senate will stay here and finish
the bill.
Mr. HOWELL. I think this amendment, as
has been suggested by my friend, the chairman
of the Committee on Retrenchment, [Mr. Pat-
terson,] is entirely out of order. This is a bill
of appropriation; and therefore to reduce, to
cut off, to strike down, is not in the order of
the bill nor in the order of the business ; and
I think it is a very " lame and impotent con-
clusion" after the millions which the Senate
have added to this appropriation bill, that it
comes down now to the poor and pitiful result
of retrenchment in the way of $2,000 salary for
a very faithful officer who has been for eight
years past serving the Government with entire
acceptance to the community, to Congress, and
to the country. As a matter of fact, a German,
whose name I do not now remember, was assist-
ant register of the Treasury Department some
eight or nine years ago, and the gentleman who
is now assistant register was chief clerk in that
bureau; this German was thrown from his car-
riage, I think, and severely iujured, and lying
as an invalid for some years, if I remember
aright; and during all that time Colonel Gra-
ham. chief clerk, performed not only the duties
of chief clerk, but the duties of assistant regis-
ter ; and on the floor of this Senate Senator
Pessenden made mention of the fact and sjfoke
in high terms of commendation of the conduct
of the chief clerk, Colonel Graham, with whom
he was personally acquainted and in whose favor
he spoke in the highest terms of praise.
After that, the chief clerk, Colonel Graham,
was appointed assistant register. A more
honest man lives not upon the face of the
earth. He has performed the duties of that
position acceptably to the Department and
acceptably to the country; and now when the
duties of the office have somewhat declined,
when they are not, possibly, as onerous as they
were before, a pitiful galary of $2,000 must be
got rid of by turning this good, kind, compe-
tent old gentleman out of office; for that is the
only aim and purpose of this amendment.
The Committee on Retrenchment have not
had, probably, very good success; their tri-
umphant march has been somewhat impeded
by the action of the Senate; and now they
come down hoping to make war in their field
at least and gain some triumphs, and they are
content with even this pitiful pretense of a re-
duction of expenditures, when everybody knows
that in two months time, as soon as the fund-
ing bill is passed, if not before, some other
eager applicant for office will hang around and
force the Senate and the Department to place
him in the position that is made vacant by the
removal of Colonel Graham ; and not a cent
will be saved, but on the contrary the salary .
will be raised to $2,500 or $3,000 then.
I am in the interest of retrenchment and
economy; I am in the interest of honesty and
faithful service; and I say, in that interest,
keep Colonel Graham there and save five hun-
dred or a thousand dollars that will be added
to the salary of the office in less than sixty
days from this time if you remove hi'm ; and I
say to the chairman of the Committee on Re-
trenchment that if he has any retrenchment to
make which it is worth while for the Senate to
consider; if he wants to scale down the sal-
aries of officers; if he wants to eradicate I do
not care how many of them right straight
along on a general system, and let the rest do
the work that ought to be done by them, let
him propose to take off five, or ten, or twenty,
or thirty per cent, of the force, and I am wiih
him; I will stand at his back, and I will back
him up in all such retrenchment that is rea-
sonable and proper and uniform and general;
but in this pitiful assault and war upon one
old gentleman I will not engage.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my friend will
yield to me for a moment that I may move
that this be laid aside so that we may submit a
motion for a recess. I know that there are
one or two amendments that will take some
time. We shall have to come back to-mght.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio asks consent to make a motion for
an evening session.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. Why?
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, then, to pass over
the bill, and as I believe that motion is debat-
able, I will say a word. There are several
amendments that will occupy some time, and
it is not physically possible for us to sit here
in continuous session and dispose of all these
amendments to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
pass over is not debatable. The question is
on the motion to pass over this bill for the
purpose stated by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask if we are not to have
an evening session to-morrow night, under thp
rule? ["Yes!" "Yes!"]
The motion of Mr. Sherman was agreed to;
there being, on a division—a.yes 26, noes 23.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now that the
