1954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
and the election of Mr. Hill may be valid if lie
had a majority of votes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask a question?
Mr. STEWART. I have not got through.
In the very ordinance wherein the convention
undertake to guard against the construction
which is sought to be put upon it by the Bing-
ham amendment they provide that—
"Whereas all civil officers of the State are only
provisional, until this State is represented in Con-
gress."
Now you undertake to say-—
Mr. EDMUNDS. Bead the next clause.
Mr. STEWART. I beg your pardon. Now
you undertake by the Bingham amendment to
say that the term of office of their officers,
whether provisional or not, shall date from a
certain day, shall date from the time of the
organization of the Legislature; and it will be
a strong argument that that was a legal Legis-
lature or they could not date back to it. That
is the force of the Bingham amendment. That
is its intention. That is its obvious effect. So
the result is to legislate Mr. Hill into office, and
I propose now to have the letter of Mr. Hill
read. I send it to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Patter-
son in the chair.) Does the Senator desire to
have the whole letter read?
Mr. STEWART. What I have marked.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it all be read.
Mr. STEWART. You can have the whole
of the letter read if you want. The first part
of it is a kind of preamble, but the main sub-
stanco which I waut read I have marked. The
Clerk will plcaso read what I have marked.
The Chief Clerk read the followiug extract
from a printed letter signed "Joshua Hill,"
and dated ''Madison, Georgia, August 31,
1803:"
"It suits the purposes of those accustomed, to kill
off adversaries by detraction to ascribe opinions and
designsto methat I never entertained. And friends
who bave had sufficient experience to know how
little reliance is to be placed on pledges and plat-
forms 'ask for a sign.' It is charged that I ainin
favor of a reconstruction of the Union, opposed to
the prosecution of the war, and to the administra-
tion of President Davis. X answer these charges to
satisfy a class of friends who aro really ignorant of
my sentiments, and not with the hopo or desiro of
appeasing tho wrath of enemies who regard mo as
having designs on thoir commissary department.
"Men will fightdesporatelyforsubsistenee. Since
my resignation of my seat as a member of the Con-
gress of the United States, which occurred immedi-
ately upon the withdrawal of my colleaguos, I have
taken no active part in politics. I had often ex-
pressed my houest convictions that the destruction
of tho Union would bo followed by a long and bloody
war, disastrous boyond precedent in its results to
every section, and that tho idea of dissolving tho
Union with the hopo of reconstructing it on a basis
more permanent and proteetivoof the rights of tho
slave otatos was fallacious and absurd. X compared
tho effort to accomplish such an impossibility to the
lolly of taking tho most delicate glass vasoand crush-
ing it to atoms in the vainhopoof collecting thescnt-
tered fragments, and by reuniting them making tlie
shattered vessel more comely and durable than it was
before. It was a strange delusion, without which
tho Union could not havo been broken. I believed
what I said of the impossibility of reconstruction.
Time and events havo deepened these convictions.
" I felt little comfort in the flippant assurances of
panguino orators, 'that tho Yankee could not fight
if they would and would not if they could.' I knew
that time was whon they had fought, and I believed
that by collision with our brave troops they would
learn to do it again. Xn war as in politics it is
unwise to underrate your adversary.
"The war, with its afflictive train of suffering, pri-
ration, and death, has served to eradicate all idea of
reconstruction, even with those who made it the
basis of their argument in favor of disunion.
"I always regarded it as impossible except by the
success of the northern arms, and then only the
Union m name and not the tree Government of our
fathers. I want no such union as that, and will not
accept it.
" The best argument in favor of disunion, and the
ono most relied on by its advocates, was apprehen-
sion for the security of our slave property. If it was
not then in danger it is in extreme peril now. So
Jar as Mr. Lincoln and tho Abolitionists are con-
cerned, thcra is nothing left us but to resist to the
last, by all the means at our command, their efforts
to destroy and despoil us.
"They present us no alternative but ruin or vic-
tory. No fraternal appeal comes from the fanatical
Abolitionist to pause and consider of terms of peaoe.
He is resolved to conquer us and extirpate slavery;
or, failing in this, to intensify the hatred of tho two
sections to such u degree as will crcatc an impassable
gulf between tho people of the United States and
those of the confederate States that shall make them
enemies forever. Surely no true southerner can
desire peace with-the'surrender of our invaluable
institution.
"Independence itself would be but an empty sound
if obtained at such a cost.
"I am not the eulogist of any living man, andnever
intend to be. Indiscriminate praise is as worthless
as indiscriminate censure. I snail continue to exer-
cise my right as a freeman so long as I am free in
expressing an honest opinion of any measure of pub-
lic policy. In doing this I shall endeavor to be
guided by my convictions of right and expediencj,
and not to be influenced by personal dislikes. 1 arn
not aware that I entertain any such feelings toward
any of our public men. While I have not approved
of every act of President Davis's administration, I
am not prepared to say that I know of another more
capable of serving the confederacy in the discharge
of the embarrassing duties that devolve upon his
high office. I sympathize with no factious opposi-
tion to his administration.
" Occupying the position I did, I did not think it
becoming me to attempt to outstrip the leaders of
the revolution in their efforts to stimulate the youth
of the country to volunteer. I made no inflamma-
tory appeals to th6ir patriotism, but I denied them
not my aid and my sympathy in their trying adven-
ture. I was impressed with the idea that example
was superior to any power of words, and since X
declined to volunteer I did not feel willing to urge
others to do what I failed to do myself. Early in the
struggle the youth of my household and those ofmy
nearest kindred flew to arms. The soil of Virginia
has drunk deep of the life-blood of my gallant young
kinsmen."
Mr. STEWART. That was pretty loyal to
the confederacy then; and is it strange that
he should get the votes of the confederate sol-
diers in that Legislature after having written
that letter in the height of the rebellion in 1868 ?
Is it strange that he should be in harmony with
them ? Is it strange he should be fighting Gov-
ernor Bullock, Foster Blodgett, and those men 1
Is it strange that the colored men do not want
to be turned over to the hands of men who are
conducting affairs as they have been conducted
in Georgia, as has been shown by the reports
of the military officers that have been read
here, and by more that might be read?
I tell you, Senators, that if we cannot do
better for Georgia; if by this constitution it is
impossible for Congress to allow the present
Legislature time to pass the necessary laws, we
should place the State under the military power
and give tha people another election. Setting
them up for a few mouths will not do. Under
this constitution the large minority that there
is in the Legislature can prevent any legisla-
tion in the brief time allowed. The constitu-
tion of Georgia provides:
"The first meeting of the General Assembly shall
bo within ninety days after the adjournment of this
convention, after which it shall meet annnally on
t he second VY ednesday in January, or on such other
days as the General Assembly may prescribe. A
majority of each house shall constitute a Quorum to
transact business, but a smaliernumhermay adjourn
from day to day," &c. * * * * "No ses-
sion of the General Assembly, after the second,
under this constitution, shall oontinue longer than
forty days, unless prolonged by a vote of two thirds
of each branch thereof."
They have had two sessions already if it was
a legal Legislature. They can only hold one
hereafter for forty days, unless specially called
together by the Governor. The large minority
there can prevent legislation for a few months.
Well might the Democratic members of the
Georgia Legislature say, "Let the body be rec-
ognized ; we have prevented them during their
entire legal term from carrying out reconstruc-
tion; now let them be admitted and recog-
nized, and let us select a Legislature to defeat
reconstruction." Well may they come here
and ask it; but dare a loyal Congress doit?
With the fact before us of the disorganized
condition of Georgia ; with the courts para-
lyzed ; with the reports of your military officers
on your table showing that the law cannot be
administered; that criminals cannot be pun-
ished ; that the good people of Georgia who
desire to administer the laws fear to give evi-
dence against offenders; that public sentiment
is so strong against the friends of the United
States, both black and white, that crime can
be committed upon them with impunity, will
you set up the Legislature for a few days and
then turn the whole machinery of Georgia over
to rebels ? Will that do ?
You want the fifteenth amendment; you
want to close this question. So do I; but I
say that it is fair at least to leave Georgia to
construe her constitution for herself. It is
unjust under all the circumstances, under all
the embarrassments the loyal people of Geor-
gia have had to contend with, to discriminate
against them differently from Virginia and
Mississippi, and what we propose to do with
Texas, it is unjust to pass a law saying that
they shall hold an election upon a given day
and limiting the powers of their constitution.
I say it is unjust; and it is hazardous, for if the
construction put upon this constitution prevents
them, either under the ordinance I have read
or by changing the time of election as provided
in the body of the constitution, from continuing
the Legislature until it can pass the necessary
laws to put a loyal government in Georgia in
operation, there is only one other alternative.
The passage of this bill without amendment is
to declare that we have no fellowship with the
loyal people of Georgia: that we will not pro-
tect them ; that we will turn them over to their
enemies to be destroyed.
That is the practical effect, to say that in two
or three months the whole machinery of that
government shall be changed. Who expects
that loyal officers can be installed, that order
can be restored in two or three months in
Georgia against such a band of men as they
have there of experienced violators of the law ?
To suppose that that can be done is to require
an impossibility. The other States that have
had the full term of their Legislatures have
been laboring hard, and it is doubtful whether
they will all succeed in restoring order. Most
of them are doing very well, but time hasdoue
much for them. There is an organized Ku-
klux Klan in Georgia which has overpowered
everybody and everything up to this time ; and
to expect the loyal men in a few months to be
able to establish good government on a stable
basis is to expect too much. If the Legislature
cannot be continued beyond next September
or October let us change the whole character
of this bill and remand Georgia to a military
government.
The power to fix the time next fall recog-
nizes in Congress the power to extend it.
Under the power exercised in the Bingham
amendment we might as well say that Georgia
shall have her election in 1872. If we have the
power to fix the time of the election let us fix
it so that the loyal people of Georgia may have
a government organized. I do not know but
•that that power does exist to fix the day of
election. _ I rather think it is granted in the
constitution. I rather think the eleventh sec-
tion of the eleventh article of the constitution
of Georgia grants it in these words:
" Should this constitution be ratified by the peo-
ple, and Congress accept the same with any qualifica-
tions or conditions, the government herein provided
for and the officers eleoted shall, nevertheless, exist
and continue in the exercise of their several func-
tions as the government of this State, so far as the
same maybe consisted with the action of the United
States in the premises."
Then, in the ordinance it is provided that
the term of office is to commence as shall be
prescribed by Congress or by the commanding
general. T do not know but that by the con-
stitution the whole matter is given up to Con-
gress. I have no doubt that if Congress should
pass a law continuing this Legislature in office
for two years it would be justified by the eoun-
try,'. -k people of the United States, as was
well said by a member of the other House, are
a practical people.^ They want to see practi-
cal results. In this matter of reconstruction
we have gone for practical results. Georgia
V r'n our- hands. ,"9 have not admitted her.
Wecontinue to legislate for Georgia. Nobody
doubts the authority. The Judiciary Commit-
tee have reported a bill to legislate for Georgia,
and while we are legislating for Georgia as for
the other States, let us do something to secure
law, order, and good government.
This nation is pledged to do it. We cannot
