2898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
by the Committee on Claims for the bill, as
follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and ha is
hereby, authorized and required to pay, or cause to
be paid to William Henry Otis, of Indianapolis, in
the State of Indiana, the sum of $3,000, in full con-
sideration lor growing crop, fencing, and fruit trees
destroyed upon, and damages done by the United
States troops, in and to l'orty-flve and a half acres of
land belonging to the said William Henry Otis, known
ns Camp Burnside, lying and being adjacent to the
said city of Indianapolis, while said land was occu-
pied by said troops, from the year 18G1 to the year
1865.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will lead to debate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It had better lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will lie over.
WILLIAM II. MUltPIIY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 327) for the relief of William H. Mur-
phy, of Farmington, Missouri.
The bill was read. It directs the Postmaster
General and the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury to settle the account of William
H. Murphy for carrying the United States mails
twicc a week on route No. 10680, in the State of
Missouri, from July 1,1862, to April 30,1864,
and to pay him for the same at the rate of
$900 a year, for the whole length of route,
deducting therefor pro rata compensation for
any portion of the service not performed.
Mr. POMEROY. There is a written report
accompanying the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear that report
read.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Ramsey, from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads on the 27th of
January last:
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred Senate bill No. 327, for the relief
of William H. Murphy, of Farmington, Missouri,
having had the same under consideration, beg leave
to report that the petition of the said Murphy was
acted upon by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads of the second session of the Fortieth
Congress, and a report made thereon, which report
this committee adopts and herewith presents to the
Senate:
That William H. Murphy, of Farmington, Mis-
souri, in answer to an invitation of the Postmaster
General to carry the mail on post route No. 10686,
from 1'redericktown oourt-house to De Soto, in the
State of Missouri, a distance of fifty-five miles, pro-
posed to carry the said mail once a week at the rate
ot'$592 per annum. The following is a copy of the
advertisement inviting said proposals:
10o86u From Fredericktown, by Mine La Motte,
Cross-Roads, Locust Ridge, Farmington, Big River
Mills,llazle Run Mills,and Avoca, to Be Soto, fifty-
five miles and back, twice a week. Leave Freder-
icktown Monday and Thursday at eight a. m., arrive
at De Soto next days by twelve m. Leave De Soto
Tuesday and Friday at one p. m.. arrive at Freder-
icktown next days by six i>. m. Bid3 for one trip a
week only invited."
The claimant was notified by the Post Office De-
partment of the acceptance of his bid under date of '
April 24, 1862; and aiter being so notified proceeded
to perform the scrviee in order to avoid tho stat-
utory penalties imposed upon bidders failing to '
iiiiike their bids good.
Upon the receipt of the bond, subsequently, he !
discovered that hewonld be required to carry the i
mail twice a week; but after protesting against this !
requirement by letter to the Department he signed |
the said bond to avoid the legal penalties, and ex- ;
pccting from Government a just and proper com-
pensation for the additional services required.
The claimant was naturally misled by the last !
clause of the advertisement, its want of punctuation 1
pving it the meaning placed upon it by him, and
leading lairly to the conclusion that the contractor
would be required to carry the mail but once a week. '
■ * tn Proof ot such a construction being placed upon !
it by him he furnishes the depositions of Milton Se-
bastian and Lewis J. Cundiff, who were present at the i
time of the making out of the bid, and one of whom !
assisted him in making an estimate of the cost of j
carrying the said mail on the basis of its carriage '
but once a week. !
It appears from a letter of the Second Assistant
Postmaster General that the service was curtailed. I
at the contractor's request, to begin at Farmington,
twenty miles less distant, at a reduction of #2il per
annum, from September 30,1863, and the service on 1
the remainder of the route was discontinued April i
SO, 1864, and one month's pay extra on 1351 allowed, i
as usual in such cases. [
The distance traveled to carry the mail on the said
route was, for round trip, about one hundred and ten
miles.
From the communication of the Assistant Post-
master General it appears that the lowest bid for the
twice a week service was 8900 per annnm, which sum
the committee, in view of the long distance traveled,
and of the factof the claimant's being misled by the
note or last clause of the advertisement, would rec-
ommend as the basis of calculation for the equitable
1 compensation of the claimant, and for that object
j report ttae accompanying bill for the paymont of this
claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill has
been once considered by the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and reported to the Sen-
ate, and then the morning hour expired without '
final action being taken upon it. If there be
no objection the question now is on ordering it
to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed tbe following bills
and joint resolution; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 771) for the relief of
Zachariah Pettijohn;
A bill (H. R. No. 1521) relinquishing to the
city of Dubuque, Iowa, whatever title may .
remain in the United States to a certain lot i
of ground in Dubuque; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 116) to con-
strue an act entitled " An act to amend an act
entitled an act to confirm certain private land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico."
CHEROKEE TRUST LANDS.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 89) providing for
the sale of certain lands in the State of Kan-
sas ceded to the United States in trust by the ;
Cherokee nation of Indians. j
Mr. POMEROY. That has been up once or i
twice, and I think should be passed. I think the i I
I Senate can consider it to-day. It has been read j
; through and some amendments are pending. L
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the impres- ; :
; sion of the Secretary that this particular bill
has not yet been before the Senate. 'j
Mr. POMEROY. That is true; I had ref- ;
I erence to the Os&ge bill. This has not been i
I before the Senate. '<
! The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
i objection, the joint resolution will be consid-
! ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that matter in-
volves a long controversy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
over,
Mr. ROSS. I do not understand that objec-
tion is made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
■ Vermont objects.
SEIZURE OF SPIRITS IN CALIFORNIA. 1
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. Ill) relating to
the seizure of certain distilled spirits in Cali-
fornia.
Mr. COLE. Let that go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will He over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Might it not go off the
Calendar?
Mr. COLE. Not now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Had it not better be
referred to the Committee on Finance ?
Mr. COLE. Not at present. Let it be passed
over now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be passed over.
JOHN SOMERS SMITH.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 462) for the relief of John Somers
Smith on account of diplomatic services at the
city of San Domingo. tr
Mr. SUMNER. Let the bill be read.
The Secretary read the bill. It directs the
payment to John Somers Smith, late commer-
cial agent of the United States at the city of
San Domingo, of $2,250, on account of diplo-
matic services rendered at San Domingo, espe-
cially in the negotiation of the general conven-
tion of amity, commerce, and navigation, and
for the surrender of fugitive criminals between
the United States of America and the Domini-
can republic, signed at St. Domingo February
8, 1867, which sum is in full for all charges or
expenses beyond his salary as commercial
agent.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a report accom-
panying the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the reading 0f
the report called for?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir ; I should like to
hear it.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Sumner, from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, on the 31st of January
last:
The Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom is
referred the petition, with accompanying papers, of
John Somers Smith, late commercial agent at the
city of San Domingo, beg leave to report:
From the papers before the committee it appears
that John Somers Smith, in A. D. 1807, while com-
mercial agent of the United States at tho city of San
Domingo was einployedinadiplomatic capacity, and
that he negotiated a general convention of amity,
commerce, and navigation, and for the surrendering
fugitivecriminals between the United States of Amer-
ica and the Dominican republic, which convention
was signed at the city of San Domingo, February 8,
1867, after advico and oonaent of the Senate, ratified
by the President of the United States, July 31,1867;
and after oxchange of ratifications at San Domingo,
October 5, 1867, proclaimed by the President  f the
United States, October 24.18i57. The petitioner also
seta forth other services rendered under power from
the President of the United States to purchase or
obtain a lease of the peninsula and bay of Samana,
under which he maintained adiplomatic correspond-
ence with the Secretary of State, consisting of thirty-
two confidential letters, irrespective of his regular
correspondence, all of which are on file in the
Department of State.
The petitioner also sets forth expenses on account
of political refugees at the consulate.
The question of additional compensation to Mr.
Smith, beyond his pay a« commercial agent, hits
been referred to tho Department of State by tho
committee, in order to have some competent opinion
with regard to the reasonableness of his claim. By
a letter dated December 21, 1868, Mr. Seward thus
expresses himself:
There is believed to have been no other instance
where business of such importance has been intrusted
to and successfully accomplished by a mere com-
mercial agent. We were moved to employ Mr.
Smith for the purpose referred to from a knowledge
of his capacity for and experience in business, and
of his familiarity with the Spanish language, shown
during many years when he held an important con-
sulate in Spain. Perhaps a sufficient precedent for
such an appropriation may be found in tho act of
Congress approved March 3.1855, (Statutes, volume
ten, page 659,) by which $20,000 were awarded to Com-
modore M. C. Perry for concluding the treaty with
Japan."
The same question has been submitted again to the
Secretary of State, the successor of Mr. Seward, who
was asked by the committee to express his opinion
on the value of these services, and the proper allow-
ance, if any, to be made. Mr. Fish, in reply, under
date of January 18,1870, says:
"It cannot be doubted that Mr. Smith's services
were valuable, and that he has an equitable claim
to compensation for them."
. In another letter, of January 26, Mr. Fish says:
"That the sum of $3,750, deducting therefrom
$1,500, a year's salary as commercial agent, would be
an adequate compensation."
The committee have accepted the estimate of Mr.
Fish, which appears to be sufficiently moderate, and
report a bill accordingly.
There being no objection, the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I shall not make any objection
to taking a vote of the Senate on the passage
of the bill; but I understand the bill is in direct
conflict with repeated statutes. This man was
an officer of the United States. This bill pro-
poses to pay him a doable salaryt We have
been trying to get rid of that practice for a good
many years. I do not know that we shall ever
succeed.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken.
In the diplomatic service two salaries are often
paid. There is a special statute providing for it.
Mr. HOWE. I did not know that any branch
of the service was specially exempted. The
statute provides that a man shall not be paid
two
Mr. SUMNEftl. This is for extra services
ontside of his duties as commercial agent.
