1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1955
fail to do this and meet the expectations of the
country. They demand that there shall be
speedy action, and they demand also that the
Union men of that State shall have an oppor-
tunity to organize a loyal government; and they
demand that Congress shall see to it that such
results are secured. The reason why I object
to this bill as it stands is that the results are
evil from beginning to end. I see no good to
come from it, but all evil.
If you admit Georgia now under this bill as
it stands, at the next session of Congress you
will be discussing the power of the Congress
of the United States to interfere in that State.
You will have another Tennessee case at the
very next session of Congress in a mnch more
aggravated form. That is bound to come.
Everybody knows it. Everybody knotfs that
if admitted in this shape it is not the end of
the reconstruction of Georgia. Everybody
knows precisely what the rebels in that State
intend to do. They have brought disgrace
upon the South. When we had the case of
Virginia before us the people of Virginia had
to suffer in the estimation of the good men of
the nation by the conduct of Georgia. The
best men iu the Senate were suspicious of Vir-
ginia. Everybody felt uneasy; the whole coun-
try did, because we had the example of the
treachery of Georgia before us. It is the in-
terest of all the States of the South, it is the
interest of reconstruction and humanity, that
the violators of the law should be held to a
strict accountability in some way. Why, it
has got so that we can hardly believe the word
of a southern man because Georgia has acted
as she has done. Every time any portion
of the southern people offer to comply with
the laws it is said "They will fail you, as
Georgia has done." And now we are going
to make a special exception and special con-
cession to those very men who have not only
trampled upon the rights of their own fellow-
citizens, have not only violated your laws, but
have brought into disrepute the name of every
man in the South who is disposed to be peace-
ful and to obey the laws by their bad and
treacherous conduct. Never let the Georgia
rebels reconstruct that State. I am opposed
to it, and I do not believe this Congress will
consent to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I am a
little surprised at the remarks that have fallen
from my distinguished friend from Nevada in
his peroration, for I certainly had supposed
that he was one of the chief inventors of the
removal of disabilities, and that he was the
original inventor of the universal amriesty j
proposition.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. I proposed to pardon
them for the old rebellion, not the new. These
men have been rebelling all the time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But my friend within a
very few days, since the report of this com-
mittee, I believe, has been somewhat activein
endeavoring to get up and to pass the sweep-
ing removal of disabilities bill, the one contain-
ing thousands of names, I believe, which did
pass the other day, and which finally passed
with the assent of my friend from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Stjmkek,] with the name 01 one
traitorous and rebellious Senator in ir, who
left this very Chamber to make war upon his
fellows , so that I am still at considerable loss
to know what the Senator from Nevada intends
us to understand when he is continually cry-
iijcr out to-day against trusting rebels and trai- j
tors with any political power, and on other bills 1
and on other occasions is constantly urging us
to remove from them all political disabilities
whatever. Both propositions cannot be entirely
correct; and we are, as we have been doing,
to treat the rebellion as waning avvay, and to
give ex-rebels the rij^iit to vote that the Con-
stitution of the United States gives them witn-
out. any removal oi disabilities. siki tliiit is fin ■
there is in this question; we are not speaking
of holding office by rebels; we are s
of the mere question whether ex-rebels, as
they are called, shall be entitled to vote for
members of the Legislature according to the
plain words of the Constitution that we pro-
pose to give them.
I say, then, we ought to take with soma allow-
ance the rhetoric and eloquence of my friend
from Nevada about these " rebels " and "trai-
tors," when we find that he himself, under
cooler instigations, finds it fit and proper and
sincere, as I do not doubt he does, to say that
it is justice to them to permit them again to
participate in the government of the country
as citizens.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With pleasure.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator had listened
to my argument he would never have made
those remarks on the question of removing
disabilities. It shows that he does not pay any
attention to what I say. I say that your dis-
abilities are simply an aggravation and do no
good, have no practical operation. A rebel
with disabilities on him is a sore-head, and will
make more fuss than one without disabilities.
Only a few of them you hold out of office, and
there are plenty to hold office who are not under
disability.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then this invention has
the advantage of a certain ingenuity. We
remove the constitutional disabilities of the
rebels, and then declare that they shall never
injure the country by depriving them of ever
having a chance to vote for a Legislature by
legislating the Legislature into perpetual exist-
ence! That is a good way to get around these
rebels, I am sure, [Laughter.] We ought to
extend it to the other southern States ; and I
would suggest to extend it to the Democrats of
the northern States, too, because it will save
us possibly a good many doubtful States. Let
us provide by a general act, in the interest of
human rights, that not only this Legislature
which we have now got into a condition of
loyalty, and Republicanism too, I will add, by
the introduction of fifteen or twenty good Re-
publicans who would have been in before if
they had got votes enough, bat that in all doubt-
ful States—we can except Vermont, and I see
lately New Hampshire, too, probably with
safety—that in all States except Vermont and
New Hampshire the existing Legislatures,
when Republican, shall hold over for two years
more, [laughter:] and it might be wise, as we
have an election for members of Congress this
fell, to apply it to the present House of Repre-
sentatives at the other end of the Capitol. That
is the upshot of the business.
We are to say to the southern people who
have come out of the rebellion,'1Your disabil-
ities are removed; but being removed, you
shall not exercise the faculties your own con-
stitution gives yon to elect members of your
Legislature, because we do not want to trust
you." That is the flat proposition. I am
sorry that that is the proposition, because I
sympathize as much as my friend from Ne-
vada does with the order-loving people of
Georgia. I have been as active in my humble
way as he lias been in endeavoring to cure the
evils which have existed in Georgia. I thought
it right more than a year ago to try to per-
suade this body to remand Georgia bodily to
a government for afresh beginning altogether ;
and I do not know but that 1 would do it now.
That is not the question before us, however;
but it' I were called upon to do it now I should
he troubled by this consideration, that whereas
I am told in one breath by gentlemen and Sen-
ators that there is a state 01'disorder and law-
lessness there ihatveally deprives the people of
the protection of Government, I am told by the
same, persons at another time, when another
object is in view, that if we only let well enough
alone three fourths of the people are ready to
pccjuiesoe, and lhat thev will support the ad-
ministration of Governor Bullock, and that it
is only a very small minority of the people of
Georgia who wish us to exclude the persons
who have been put into the Legislature of
Georgia, and to organize it according to the act
of December 22, 1809. There is a difficulty
and a difference on account of the different
ways and interests that men have in looking
at the question.
I believe I shall be borne out by the Sena-
tor from Nevada himself when I say that when
we had a hearing before the committee, the
gentlemen who are asking us not to undo the
action of the present Legislature, which was
confessedly illegal—no man undertook to de-
fend its legality before us—we were told that it
was well enough as it was, because the great
body of the people of Georgia had got over this
fever of rebellion and turbulence and were
ready to join hands with the executive admin-
istration of that State, for the administration
of justice and for the orderly progress of a
State government. I think in a considerable
degree that that representation was true. I
assume that it was not made to us for any pur-
pose of deception, I believe it in a consider-
able degree, and one evidence of it that was
brought to our attention then was, that one of
the chief leaders of the ancient rebel party of
that State, a man who had performed distin-
guished services on the wrong side, an eminent
lawyer, and, I believe, an ex-judge, was the
chosen spokesman of the Governor of Geor-
gia and his friends in upholding this irregular
organization of the Legislature, and in crying
"peace" to us.
Now I put same confidence in it. As a mat-
ter of serious fact, now, if we suffer the State
of Georgia to go on in the manner provided by
its constitution (which is the greatest safe-
guard of rights there, as it is everywhere, to
people who believe in constitutions at all, as I
do,) and allow those people to have the elec-
tion that their constitution provides for, I am
not one of those who apprehend that there will
be great turbulence and great wrong. I do not
expect that there will be great regularity.
There is not in the State of New York, in some
parts of it. There is not always in the State
of Connecticut, or New Hampshire, or Ver-
mont., or Kansas, because it is an incident, an
evil of all popular elections, that in a greater
or less degree irregularities will occur ; but I
cannot help thinking at this late day that^ so
far as mere elections go, underthe constitution
of this State, under the fifteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, which
declares who in Georgia are entitled to vote,
and under an act of Congress which shall
enforce that amendment, as there will be one,
(or if' there is not one, under the Constitution
itself Congress would afterward have power to
cure any illegality or irregularity,) plainly there
will be no great difficulty there. The real trouble
is not and has not been in the elections. The
real trouble has been, as it always will be in
every community that is not homogeneous and
order and law-loving, in theadministration of the
law, and not in the selection of those who make
it. There is no difficulty, and there has been
no difficulty so far as the laws of Georgia go,
so far as its provisional government has gone,
if you please to call it provisional, in the pro-
tection of rights there. The difficulty has been
in the application of and the execution of the
law itself, and that does not depend on the
question whether A or B or C is a member ot
the Legislature. It depends on the question
of who are the judges; it depends on tlie ques-
tion of who are the jurors, who are the per-
sons who bring the application of justice in the
protection of right to the doors of the county
towns.
So in my opinion there is no possible gov-
ernment in Georgia or in any other State txiat
will prevent disorder and violence in society
instituted as republican governments are, so
long as the body of the community are unwiil-
iti" to take hold of theadministration 01 lustier
