1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3s
of its management than the inhabitants ofthe British
provinces, or those from abroad.
The charges made against tho penitentiary and
its conductors are simply the fancies of Father Mc-
Mahon's heated imagination, and to undertake to
refute them would be simply absurd. He is but
speaking for a purpose, and he knows the subject
that will take best with his auditory. His stories of
Iho food are untruths in fact. For several months
tho meat used daily by the convicts ha3 cost ten dol-
lars per hundred pounds, which will give some idea
of its quality, ana the flour is of an equal quality
with that used by the highest officers of the prison.
The bran bread is no more than the bread of pure
flour with tho bran unsifted from it, and such as is
served in the best hotels of the country as the ordi-
nary brown bread. The rats exist only in the poor
priest's dreams j for more thana solitary rat or mouse
runnin g through the corridors in the course of months
is not known. It is not impossible but such a visitor
might make his way to the lower part of the building,
as in private houses, but I repeat, such occurs only
at long intervals. The case of the bath is entitled
to equal credit with the rat story.
Now, how grave is not the reflection on tho good
bishop who as ehaplain was in daily intercourse with
Father McMahon and the other Catholio prisoners,
and on the noble-hearted archbishop of Halifax,
who, at much toil, inconvenience, and expense, trav-
eled from his far-off home to the seat of Government
to join the good bishop chaplain in supplicating the
Government for the priest's liberation ? What a re-
ward for such saintly leal in his behalf, to have it
trumpeted through the spouting halls of New York
that that distinguished and self-sacrificing prelate,
who would not leave the exercise of the spiritual
duties of chaplain in the hands of one of his priests,
but took them upon himself that he might tho bet-
ter win a way to the hearts of his prodigal flock—
that his priestly services were but a sham, for that
he was indifferent to their comfort and welfare, and
cared not how much of cruelty and injustice was
practiced on them ?
If such outrages are committed on the_ convicts is
it not strange that the directors who are in monthly
attendance at the penitentiary never hear of them ?
FatherMcMahon knows weft the directors ever lend
a willing ear to the complaints of the convicts, that
< a convict is never refused a hearing. With two
thirds of the board of directors Catholics, the warden
a Catholic, and some thirty of the keepers and guards
Catholics, did not a single chance ever offer of his
stating his grievances and seeking redress ? It never
did ofi'er, for the whole statement is every word an
invention, one that Father McMahon could not have
the boldness to bring to the notice of the directors.
But are not such statements in the highest degree
criminal, tending as they do to excite feelings of
animosity already bitter enough ? Is it not the ex-
ercise of such exciting and wicked appeals that is
prolonging the incarceration of the Fenians in Eng-
land and in Ireland, and, as a consequence, in this
province also ? The unfortunate Fenians have no
greater enemies than those who at the expense of
truth and sober common sense are keeping excite-
ment alive. No Jemmy O'Brien of the present day,
as Corydon and his cotraitors are, i3 more instru-
mental in keeping the unfortunate Fenians (irmly
under bolt and key than those who like Father Mc-
Mahon are inflaming the minds of the people against
a Government willing to extend forgiveness if but
permitted to do so.
I am, sir, yours, T. J. O'NEILL,
Chairman of Directors of Penitentiaries.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. Speaker, with
much that has been said by my colleague on
the committee [Mr. Wiliard] who has just
taken his seat I agree, but there is very much
that he has said from which I entirely dissent.
I dissent from his conclusion and disagree
with him entirely in regard to the obligation
and duty of this Government to protect and
defend the rights of its adopted citizens. I
disagree with him in regard to our duty of
sympathy, not only with the Irish people, but
with all other people, wherever they may be
situated, who are engaged in the same great
struggle for national independence.
Now, sir, I do not find either in the original
resolution introduced by the gentleman from^
New York [Mr. Cox] or in the resolution
reported by the Committee on Foreign Affairs
anything which is subject to the slightest objec-
tion. I voted for the modification of the ori-
ginal resolution, thinking that it was wiser and
better that the House should make proper
inquiries before making the declarations of
tne resolution as originally introduced. I
want the facts first, and then I am ready to
indorse every word of the original resolution
offered by the gentleman from New York if
thejfacts sustain it.
Now, sir, I go a step further; I care not
whether the American prisoners held for polit-
ical offenses by Great Britain are criminals or
not. If what is said in regard to the cruelty of
their treatment by the British Government be
true it is the bounden duty of our Government
to protest against any such cruelty; it is the
duty of this House to protest against it, and it
is the duty of the executive department of the
Government to protest against it. But, sir, that
is not the real condition of things. A large num-
ber of these men, I apprehend, have been ar-
rested on Britis'i soil for acts done upon Amer-
ican soil, and have been arrested upon the
. merest pretext that they were on British soil
in pursuance of the plans of a criminal organ-
ization in this country. Sir, the British^Gov-
ernment have no control over any Irish citizen
ofthe United States for any acts he may have
committed in the State of New York, and have
no more authority over him than they have
over the members of this House. Because a
member of the Fenian organization in NewYork
is afterward found on Irish soil, that fact does
not justify in the slightest degree his arrest and
imprisonment for a crime against the British
Government.
Mr. CO WLES. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether it is a fact that any American
citizen is now confined in a British prison for
anything done on American soil? Was any
such information before the Committee on For-
eign Affairs?
Mr. WILKINSON. That is just the busi-
ness we are engaged in. The object of the
resolution reported by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs is to ascertain that fact. It was
because we were not in possession of the facts
that this resolution is reported. But my re-
marks were predicated up9n statements that I
have seen, that appeared* to me to be based
upon good authority, that parties had been
arrested within the jurisdiction of the British
Government when there were no facts which
justified their arrest except that they had been
connected with the Fenian organization in New
York. Now, if this should turn out to be true,
I care not what may have been done by those
men in New York, it is the bounden duty of
this Government to demand their release at
once.
Now, sir, I do not think it was in very good
taste for the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Willard] to say that gentlemen on the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs assuming the posi-
tion which the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Swann] assumed yesterday in his speech were
governed by motives of selfishness. I do not
think that is exactly a fair way in which to
treat a great national question of this sort.
Mr. WILLARD. I do not remember to
have said anything of that sort, nor do I think
the gentleman will find anything of the kind
in my speech in reference to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. I did say that it was per-
haps quite natural that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] who introduced the ori-
ginal resolution, who had a large constituency
of Irish adopted citizens, some at home and
some in British prisons, should express his
sympathy with those whose votes he either has
had or may expect to have.
Mr. WILKINSON. Well, Mr. Speaker, I
do not think even that is quite fair; I do not
think that is a fair, way of considering a great
question like this. I have but few Irish citi-
zens in my district, and so far as that is con-
cerned I do not care one straw about the mat-
ter ; but I do care about another thing. I want
it to go forth among the nations of the earth
that the United States is strong enough and
has the determination to protect every Ameri-
can citizen wherever its flag floats or where
ever its power as a Government is felt. I do
not suppose there is anybody who will contend
that where an American citizen of native or
foreign birth has committed a crime against
the laws of a foreign State this Government
will interfere to protect him from a just pun-
ishment for that offense. Nobody claims that;
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] does
not claim that. But if it shall be found upon
inquiry that the British Government has ar-
rested an American citizen either for what he
has done in this country, or is inhumanly treat-
ing him as a prisoner confined for political
offenses committed upon British soil, then this
Government ought to condemn such conduct
officially.
Mr. WILLARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. WILKINSON. Certainly.
Mr. WILLARD. This discussion is n0(;
proceeding upon the assumption that the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain has no right to arrest
American citizens of Irish birth for offenses
committed against the laws of Great Britain
but upon the inhumanity of the treatment of
American citizens who are confined under
British authority in British prisons for political
offenses. There is no testimony before the
House to show that any man has been pnt in
British prisons without authority, or without
having committed any political offense. When
such testimony as that is brought forward the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson]
will find me ready to go as far as he is ready
to go to assert the duty of the American
Government to protect such citizens of this
country.
Mr. COX. With the permission of my friend
from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson,] I will say
one word on this point. I put this question
precisely in the light of humanity and of civil-
ization, without arguing at all the right of
the British Government to arrest and convict
offenders against its laws. I held simply to
that one doctrine, for I wanted this resolution
to pass without any partisan influence one way
or the other. It is the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Willard] who has diverted this
discussion, who has raised up a Fenian here
for the purpose of knocking him down. He
may find that a Fenian generally strikes back
when he receives a blow.
The only question raised, either in the ori-
ginal resolution offered by me or in the reso-
lution reported by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, is in the interest of decency and human-
ity ; and if the facts called for do not justify the
action of the committee or my original resolu-
tion, then I will vote against it when we get the
necessary information from the Executive or
from any other quarter.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, I will state, in
reference to the report of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, that there is not to be found
one word in that report which looks to the
intervention of this Government or its people
in the affairs of Great Britain, either directly
or remotely. And I will state the further fact,
that if the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wil-
lard] will carefully examine that report he
will find that its design is merely to interpose
the benevolent ofiBces of this Government, in
order to bring about some relaxation in the
treatment of prisoners of Irish blood, whether
they be native-born citizens of this country or
whether they be adopted citizens of this coun-
try now confined in the prisons of Great Britain.
Mr. WILLARD. Will the gentleman tell
me how that can be done without interfering
with the internal police of the Government of
Great Britain ?
Mr. SWANN. It has been done heretofore
by this Government. A correspondence was
conducted by Mr. Fillmore upon this very sub-
ject, and led to the relaxation of the treatment
of prisoners.
Mr. WILLARD. I do not say it has not
been done; but I ask how it can be done without
interfering with the internal police of Great
Britain ?
Mr. SWANN. The present Secretary of
State of the United States is now engaged in a
correspondence upon this very subject.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Willard] has expired.
Mr. WOOD obtained the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson] will be allowed to
finish his remarks.
