1870.
1KB 'CONGRESSIONAL G^OBE.
2901
was inapplicable to oommissionetfl oloth«d irfth spe-
cial powers, sent to adistanfc unexplored field toool-
lcct information and make report, and especially
onerous on hiin as the disbursing agent of the com-
mission, charged expressly to pay his associates their
per diem "and all other expenses of the commis-
sion." (Vide Instructions, feenato Document JSio, 4,
Under these instructions he acted, reporting his ;
payments regularly to the Department, without re-
ceiving an intimation ot dissent until several years
thereafter *
I agree, therefore, with myimmediate predecessor :
that his claim for such payments is clearly equit-
able. It appears, moreover, that in 11 subsequent •
8ettlfoment of the accounts of one 01 his associates.
Dr. Wozencraft, under a resolution of Congress, his
claims for similar expenses were allowed.
In relation to the item $Sol, payment to commis- t
saries or storekeepers, the agent refers to express
direction? of tho board on the 2d of May, 18a2. ( Vide ,
Journal, Senate Document No. 4, page 98.) i
As to item $2,670 27, for extra services, I find no
record or agreement on the part of the officer to allow
compensation therefor, and although, as my pr«de- 1;
c«ssor reports, it may have been at that time and 1 j
under the circumstances an equitable charge, still |:
it commends itself to the discretion of Congress
rather than to that of this office.
Mr. McKee submits that under rulings of differ-
ent Attorneys General, and by the decision of Judge i
Taney in the case of White, officers discharging the r
duties of two officers are entitled to extra pay.
For item 8560 25, the claimant says he is daily
expecting vouchers and affidavits from California
which will carry the same to his credit under your
decision of July 21.
In the agent's account current February 5,18o2,
the Government is credited with $1,G26 for sales of
Indian goods, pack animals, camp furniture, &c.,
which sum is charged to him by the Auditor in the
partial settlement made in August. 1865; and though
the error claimed, $685, was then pointed out, it could
not be corrected in that account by that officer. For
the omission claimed, $100, there appears to be a
regular voucher filed.
1'rom tho regularity with which Mr. McKee ren-
dered his accounts, and from the journal of tho com-
missioners, (vide Senato Document No. 4, pago 88, et
 eq.,) it would seem that his duties, both as disburs-
ing agent and as commissioner, were discharged with
fidelity and zeal; that said services have remained
for many years in part unrequited: and that his
appeal to Congress forrelief is entitled to a favorable
consideration. The petition is herewith returned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
D. N. COOLER. Commissioner.
Hon. James Harlan, Secretary of the Interior.
P. S.—Since the foregoing was written a letter and
affidavit from Mr. John McKee, of San Francisco,
the former Secretary of the commissioners in Cali-
fornia, dated 3d February, 1866, explanatory of some
items in the.agent's accounts, and sufficient, as I
suppose, to remove the suspension on the. items,
making $560 25, has been received. A copy of this
letter is also sent herewith, marked " F."
D. 2ST. COOLEY, Commissioned
Mr. HOWARD. I move that this bill be
passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over; and the Secretary will read the title of
the next bill on the Calendar.
contempts of court.
The Secretary. The next bill on the Cal-
endar ia the bill (S. No. 271) to punish con-
tempts of the courts of the United States in
certain cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the bill being considered; but I regard it as a
bill about which there may be some question.
It authorizes the issuing of a process to any
part of the United States by a judge of one of
our courts to bring persons before him for con-
tempt. I think it is going a great way. A
judge in Maine, under this bill, may send to
Oregon and bring a person from Oregon to
Maine to answer for a contempt of his court.
The Senator behind me [Mr. Howard] in-
quires " Why not?" I question the propriety
of it myself; I think it is going a good way.
The bill was introduced by the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter,] and it is re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee, and a
majority of that committee are in favor of it.
I do not object to considering it; I merely
wanted to state what it was.
Mr. BAYARD. Let the bill go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is the bill objected to ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 771) for the relief of
Zachariah Pettijohn was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The bill (H. R. No. 1521) relinquishing to
the city of Dubuque, Iowa, whatever title may
remain in the United States to a certain lot of
ground in Dubuque was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
TW joint resolution (H. R. No. 116) to con-
strue an act entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act to confirm certain private land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico' " was
read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion will be referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
Mr. WILLIAMS. A proposition precisely
like that has been considered by the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, and they have
agreed to report in favor of it. This joint res-
olution, therefore, may just as well be put upon
its passage now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
not interfere with the order of the day by pro-
posing to put it on its passage now. He will
Jet it lie on the table for the present
Mr. WILLIAMS.. Very well.
bills objected to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next bill on
the Calendar will be reported.
The Secretary. The next bill is the bill
(S. No. 172) to establish the office of associate
judge for the eastern district of Texas.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand events have
occurred which will make that bill unnecessary.
I suggest that it be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 365) to secure to all persons the equal
protection of the laws.
Mr. DAVIS. Let that be passed over.
The VICE PRESfDENT. The bill will be
passed over,
samuel w. price.
The next bill ou the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. N.o. 271) for the relief of Colonel Sam-
uel W. Price of the twenty-first Kentucky vol-
unteers.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
ConJNittee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It is a direction to the Sec-
retaries of the War and Treasury Depart-
ments to cause to be certified and paid to
Sarriuel W. Price, for military service ren-
dered as colonel of the twenty-first regiment
of Kentucky volunteer infantry, from the
25th of February to the 1st of August, 1865,
the pay and emoluments of colonel of infantry,
not to exceed the sum of $1,081 50.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
stenographer to district supreme court.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 481) for the appointment of a stenog-
rapher to the supreme court of the District of
Columbia.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
in section one, line six, after the words "shall
be," to strike out the words "under the direc-
tion of the court," and before the word "re
ports," to strike out the word "full," and
after "reports " to insert " as the court shall
direct;" bo that if amended the section will
read:
That the justice! of the supreme court of  the Dis-
trict of Columbia shall have authority to appoint a
stenographer, who shall be a sworn officer of the
court, and whose duty it shall be to make reports as
the court shall direct of tho proceedings and evi-
dence in the cases before said court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is only the begin-
ning of the appointment of an officer for all
the courts of the United States—a salaried
officer1 to report the proceedings.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator will see that
this officer is to be paid by the elerk of the
court out of the fees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We all understand, and
nobody better than the Senator from Maine,
that the second section of this bill takes just
$2,500 a year out of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States. If it was to be paid out of the
taxes collected in the District of Columbia it
would be no more out of the Treasury than this
is. The clerk of the court returns all his re-
ceipts beyond four or six thousand dollars a
year into the Treasury of the United States.
When you take this money out of this surplus
it is just like any other appropriation; so that
nobody is to be misled by that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois object?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not object to the
consideration of this bill, but I question very
much its propriety. I shall not vote for the
bill, and I question very much the propriety
of establishing the office of stenographer in the
courts of the United States throughout the
country. If it is done here it will be done
elsewhere.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose the object of
the bill is the same in this District as in the
various States of the Union where they have
created a similar office. Ik is established in
the State of Michigan, and is very satisfactory.
It expedites the business of trials in the courts
of justice, and prevents the immense loss of
time occasioned by attorneys and counsel paus-
i ing to take down the evidence with their own
hands. A witness put under examination under
such a system as this proceeds to tell his story
at once; the stenographer takes it down in his
short-hand writing, the witneis simply an-
swering the questions put on the examination
and cross-examination, and when he is done
he is dismissed, and the evidence, word for
word, is then preserved, and if counsel desire
, the use of the evidence thus taken down, they
' have it written out at length and pay the sten-
j ographer for doing so. That is a part of his
| fge,
Mr. TRUMBULL. The salary here is not
to be paid out of the fees he gets from the
attorneys in the cases.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish the Clerk would
have the goodness to read that section again.
The Secretary read the second section of the
bill, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the said sten-
ographer shall reoeive an annual salary of $2,500,
payable quarterly, out of the fees collected by tho
elerk of said court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "The clerk of said
. court."
1 Mr. HOWARD. The payment is to be made
by the clerk.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no provision
that parties shall pay anything.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no provision
that parties shall pay for copies they take,
so that the ordinary receipts ©f the court will
I have to bear the whole expense.
Mr. HOWARD. I submit that it ought to
be amended in that regard.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
parties employing a stenographer and paying
him.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the bill is just and
proper, and ought to be passed as it is. There
is a surplus of funds now collected from liti-
gants in this District, that goes into the Treas-
ury annually, more than enough to pay a ste-
nographer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not more than enough
to pay the expenses of running the court.
Mr. HAMLIN. More than enough to pay
all the officers of the court save_ the justices,
and it is out of that fund that it is proposed to
pay this stenographer. Thecowt want it, all
the parties interested in the co*rt in this city
