1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] has been recognized, and
ia entitled to the floor for one hour. There
are ten minutes of the morning hour remaining.
Mr. WOOD. How long a time does the
gentleman from Minnesota desire ?
Mr. WILKINSON. Five minutes will be
sufficient.
Mr. WOOD. I yield to the gentleman for
five minutes.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. Speaker, it ia too
late in the day for any man to assume that
either this Government or the American peo-
ple have no right to sympathize with suffering
humanity, whether in this country or anywhere
else. It is too late for the gentleman from
Vermont to assume that the British Govern-
ment, or any other, can extend to political pris-
oners such treatment as is alleged in this case
to have been inflicted upon Irish-American
political prisoners without eliciting the earnest
protest of this Government. I hope, sir, that
the day will never arrive when either the Ameri-
can people or the American Government shall
fail to protest in earnest words against such
barbarity as is charged to have been inflicted
by the British Government upon political pris-
oners commonly called "Feniaus."
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, this debate ap-
pears to have taken a very wide range, and,
in my judgment, it has wandered very far from
the immediate question before the House. I
do not propose, in the time which I shall
occupy, to refer to any principle of interna-
tional law or any of the various questions
which necessarily arise ont of our relations
with foreign countries, and especially the rela-
tions at present existing between this country
and Great Britain. But* I desire to call the
attention of the House to the precise question
now presented, and more especially to the
remarks made yesterday by my colleague on
the committee [Mr. Willard] upon the report
and resolution submitted by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
The original resolution, as presented by my
colleague [Mr. Cox] and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, was in this lan-
guage:
" Resolved, That the American people leam with
horror and indignation of the treatment of American
citizens now held as political prisoners under Engl ish
authority; that no language is sufficient to condemn
the naago of such prisoners, and that we urge upon
the national Executive the imperative duty of imme-
diate intervention on their behalf in suca manner
as shall tend to the prompt amelioration of their
condition or their release; that the President com-
municate to this House such information as he may
have in reference to this subject."
This is the resolution which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, of which I
have the honor to be a member. The commit-
tee, after duly considering the phraseology of
this resolution, and after taking an opportunity
to commanicate with the Secretary of State as
to the precise condition of the facts in this case
as they appear upon the records of that Depart-
ment, instructed the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Swahh] to submit to the House a report
with a resolution simply calling forinformation,
and that report and resolution received the
unanimous vote of the committee.
_ The resolution reported by the committee is
in this language:
liesolvedby the Home of Representative!, That the
President of the United States be requested to com-
municate to this House, if not incompatible with the
public interest, any information which may have
come to his knowledge concerning American citi-
zens, whether native or naturalized, who may be at
this time confined in the jails or prisons of Great
Britain for political offenses, and any facts in rela-
tion to the treatment of such prisoners which he may
teel at liberty to communicate."
This is the resolution now before the House
ior its consideration, and as I hope and believe
for its almost unanimous adoption.
Mr. SWANN. I understood the gentleman
from Vermont as assenting to the resolution
reported by the committee, but he did not con-
cur entirely in the language of the report.
Mr. WOOD. I understood, Mr. Speaker, ■
at the time, that the language of the resolution
was altered to make it acceptable to the gen-
tleman from Vermont.
Mr. SWANN. That is so.
Mr. WOOD. If I am wrong the gentleman
! from Vermont will correct me. Now, sir, that
j gentleman, for whom I have a very high per-
sonal respect—not only respect for him per-
sonally but very high admiration for his abili-
ties and for the sincerity with which he acts
his part in this official drama—that gentleman,
holding the position he does in this House,
made yesterday certain declarations, of course
representing his party, which call for some
1 notice more than nas been taken of them by
| members on this side of the House. He said :
! "I can understand why a gentleman who represents
: a constituency in New York city, a constituency
made up largely of adopted citizens, of persons who
belong to an organization which is hostile to the
Government of Great Britain, and which contem-
plates armed hostility to that Government," &c.
Mr. Speaker, I can also understand why a
gentleman from Vermont, representing that
portionof the people ofthe United States whose
religious, political, and social instincts, prin-
ciples, and sympathies are so hostile to the
principles involved in the struggle now going
on in Ireland—I can understand, sir, why that
gentleman rises here and expresses opposition
and hostility to this resolution of inquiry.
| The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired; and the resolution goes over until
to-morrow.
MESSAGE FROM TBS SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hamlin, one of their clerks, announcing
that they had passed bills of the following
titles; in which they desired the concurrence
of the House:
An act (S. No. 425) to extend the time for
the completion of the lateral branch of the Balti-
more and Potomac railroad, authorized by the
act approved February 5, 1867, and to change
the location in the city of Washington along
the bank of the canal; and
An act (S. No. 378) to provide a national
currency of coin notes, and to equalize the
distribution of circulating notes.
ADMISSION OP MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a privileged question. I am directed by the
Committee on Reconstruction to report a bill
(H. R. No. 1096) to admit the State of Mis-
sissippi to representation in the Congress of
the United States; on which I desire action at
this time.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The bill is as follows:
An act to admit the State of Mississippi to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States.
Whereas the people of Mississippi have framed and
adopted a constitution of State government which is
republican; and whereas the Legislature of Missis-
sippi elected under said constitution has ratified the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments to the Consti-
tution of th-e United States; apd whereas the per-
formance of these several acts in good faith is a con-
dition-precedent to the representation of the State
in Congress: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the said State of Mississippi is entitled to
representation in the Congress of the United States:
Provided, That before any member of the Legisla-
ture of said State shall take or resume his seat, or
any officer of said State shall enter upon the duties
of his office, he shall take, and subscribe, and file in
the office of the secretary of State of Mississippi, for
permanent preservation, an oath or affirmation in
the form following: " I, , do solemnly
swear or affirm that I have never taken an oath or
affirmation as a member of Congress, or as an officer
of the United States, or as a member of any State
Legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of
any State, to support the Constitution of the United
States, and afterward engaged in insurrection or
rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort
to the enemies thereof, so help me God;" or under
the pains and penalties of perjury, as the case may
be; or such person shall in like manner take, sub-
scribe, and filethefollowing oath or affirmation: "I,
  ,do solemnly swear oraffirin that I have.
by actof Congress ofthe United States, been relieved
from the disabilities imposed upon mo by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution ofthe United
States, go help me God:" or under the pains and
penalties of peijury, as the case may be; which oaths
or affirmations shall be taken before and certified by
any officer lawfully authorized to administer oaths.
And any person who shall knowingly swearor affirm
falsely in taking either of such oaths or affirmations
snail be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall be pun-
ished therefor by imprisonment not less than one
year and not more than ten years, and shall be fined
not less than $1,000 and not more than $10,000. A oil
in all trials for any violation of this act the ccrii •" -
cate ofthe taking of either of said oaths or affirm ■-
tions.with proof of the signature ofthe party accused,
shall be taken and held as conclusive evidence that
such oath oraffirmation was regularly a-nd lawfully
administered by competent authority: And provided
further. That every such person who shall neglect
for the period of thirty days next after the passage
of this apt to take, subscribe, and file such oath or
affirmation as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken
to all intents and purposes to have vacated his
office: And provided further, That the State of Mis-
sissippi is admitted to representation in Congress as
one of the States of the Union upon the followins;
fundamental conditions: first, that the constitution
of Mississippi shall never be so amended or changed
as to deprive any citizen or class of citizens of the
United States of the right to vote who are entitled to
vote by the constitution herein recognized, except
as a punishment for such crimes as arc now felonies
at common law, whereof they shall have been duly
convicted under laws equally applicable to all tho
inhabitants of saidState: Provided, That any alter-
ation of said constitution, prospective in its effects,
may be made in regard to the time and place of res-
idence of voters: second, that it shall never be law-
ful for the said State to deprive any citizen of tho
United States, on account of his race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, of the right to hold
office under the constitution and laws of said State,
or upon any such ground to require of him any other
qualifications for office than such as are required of
all other citizens; third, that the constitution of
Mississippi shall never be so amended or changed as
to deprive any citizen or class of citizens of the Uni-
ted States of the school rights and privileges secured
by the constitution of said State.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman yield to
me to offer an amendment in the nature of a
substitute ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In a
moment.
This bill, as members of the House will ob-
serve if they have followed the reading, is
exactly, word for word, the bill under which the
State of Virginia was admitted to representa-
tion in Congress. Although some members
of the Committee on Reconstruction, myself
among the number, would have been glad to
change the bill in some respects, yet the whole
matter having been so fully and thoroughly dis-
cussed, and a precedent set in the case of Vir-
ginia, it was thought, after mature deliberation
in the committee, that it was best to admit Mis-
sissippi, although she has an assured Repub-
lican majority and Republican representation,
under the same conditions and with the same
provisos as in the case of Virginia.
The only change in the bill is the making
provision for an affirmation as well as an oath,
which in the case of Virginia was provided by
a supplementary act, having been in the first
instance omitted in consequence of an over-
sight.
As this matter has been fully discussed, and
as I suppose every man in the House has his
mind made up upon it, I shall, unless the House
direct otherwise, ask that the bill be put at
once on its passage. My colleague, however,
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] desires to offer an
amendment, which he offered in the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction, and which is to submit
a bill without any recital of conditions, as a
substitute for the bill proposed by the commit-
tee. I think it but just as well as courteous to
allow that amendment to be offered, and I shal I
then call for the previous question, in order
that we mayproceed to the vote.
Mr. BECK. I send to the Clerk's desk, to
be read, the amendment which I offer.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] yield to have the
amendment'read, or to have it offered to the
House?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Both to
have it read and offered.
The Clerk read the amendment, which was
offered in the nature of a substitute, as fol-
lows :
Bill to admit the State of Mississippi to representa-
tion in the Congress of the United States.
Whereas, the people of Mississippi have framed
