1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3845
position. The Committee on Naval Affairs is
unanimous that it ought to be continued. I
hopo that the Senate will concur in the amend-
ment made in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COLE. I am pretty well convinced that
this office, not being authorized by law, ought
not to be continued by a continuation fromyear
to year of the appropriation of the salary. I be-
lieve the only authority there is for the existence
of the office is the simple appropriation every
year. We cannot afford and do not afford a law
officer in every Department of the Government.
In the Interior Department, for example, there
is no solicitor, or law officer, or anything of the
sort. The same, I believe, is true in the Post
Office Department. But, sir, we have a law
department of the Government, the Attorney
General's office, to which, I suppose, all ques-
tions of law may with propriety be referred.
Questions of law arising in the Navy Depart-
ment can be referred there for an opinion.
This office has been continued from the years
of the rebellion in this very manner down to
the present time, through some half a dozen
years ; and, if we are ever going to get rid of
it, it is time we should dispense with it now.
I think, therefore, the amendment ought not
to be concurred in by the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I am entirely satisfied that
this is a useful office, and I believe it is filled
by a useful officer. I think his services cannot
now be dispensed with without serious incon-
venience in the business of that Department.
Such is my conclusion, with some opportunities
of information with regard to the working of
the office and the character of the incumbent.
As to these duties being transferred now to
the office of the Attorney General, I must say
it is entirely impossible; it is impracticable.
Such an officer, if stationed with the Attorney
General, would be of no real use to the Navy
Department. Whoever performs these duties
must be under the same roof, within call, near
at hand, and able to give daily and even hourly
assistance to the Department. I hope that the
office will not be abolished.
Mr. MORTON. The Navy Department is
a pretty large one; it is certainly a very
expensive one, and we know that there are a
great many laws relating to it. Now, sir, is it
not important to have some officer whose busi-
ness it is to understand and interpret those
laws and togiveintelligentopinionsupon them?
If it is important to have a Judge Advocate
General of the Army, or even an Attorney
General, it is certainly important upon the
same principle that there shall be a law officer
in the Navy Department, whose special busi-
ness it is to understand the laws in regard to
the Navy.
Mr. DRAKE. One word more, to state a
fact that, I ought to have stated when I was on
my feet before. This officer reviews and passes
upon in the course of the year from eight hun-
dred to one thousand records of court-martial
trials.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are there that many
men court-martialed in a year?
Mr. DRAKE. From eight hundred to one
thousand trials by court-martial in the Navy
does this officer pass upon and review every
year; and if you deprive the Department of
his services, there is nobody there to do that
duty. I say again that it wiil be an injury to
the Navy Department and to the service to
deprive it of this officer.
Mr. COLE. I was not aware that there was
so much insubordination in the Navy of the
United States. The whole force, I believe,
amounts to something less than nine thousand.
Mr. SHERMAN. Eight thousand.
Mr. COLE. Is it true that one roan out of
every ten men in the service of the Navy is
court-martialed ?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; not at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS, (in his seat.) He will
take several hundred off of that.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; the gentleman from
Oregon need not say that I will take any off
it. I speak by the card, sir. I aver a fact
here which is a fact, which does exist, which
is not a matter of conjecture. I do not state
facts conjecturally in the Senate.
Mr. FOWLER. How many cases did the
Senator state?
Mr. DRAKE. From eight hundred to one
thousand per annum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. _ Let the Chair state
exactly how the question stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is to incorporate in the bill, in lines twelve
hundred and sixty-two and twelve hundred
and sixty-three, the words "Solicitor and
Naval Judge Advocate General, $3,500."
Mr. THURMAN. That was put in in Com-
mittee of the Whole?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was.
Mr. THURMAN. And the question now is
on agreeing to that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to continue
an office already existing.
The amendment was concurred in; there
being, on a division—ayes 24, noes 15.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next reserved amendment.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oh, no ; let us
finish the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky insist on the motion?
Mr. McCREERY. Yes, sir.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky,
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The next reserved amendment was on page
51, lines twelve hundred and thirty-seven,
twelve hundred and thirty-eight, and twelve
hundred and thirty-nine, to strike out the fol-
lowing :
Office of the inspector general and inspector of
the Military Academy:
For one clerk of class four, SI,SCO.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That was stricken
out by a misapprehension, and I desire to amend
the clause.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations states
that this was stricken out under a misappre-
hension. If there be no objection, the amend-
ment, made as in Committee of the Whole, will
be considered as non-concurred in, and the
Senator from Maine now moves to amend the
text.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
by inserting in lieu of the heading " Office of
the inspector general and inspector of the
Military Academy" the words: " Office of the
inspector of Military Academyand then make
the appropriation for one clerk of class four.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Maine moves to amend this title so as to make
it read, "Office of the inspector of the Mili-
tary Academy."
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Maine,
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, will allow me, I wish to make an amend-
ment before he alters the title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire to speak on this amendment?
Mr. CAMERON. Only a word. I wish to
offer an amendment; and I ask the chairman
of the committee to withdraw his amendment
to change the title until I can do so. As I
understand, he proposes to amend the title ;
before that is done I desire to move an amend-
ment which, I think, will meet with bis appro-
bation, and I am sure it will meet the appro-
bation of all the Senate. By one section of
this bill the salaries of all the heads of bureaus
have been raised from $3,000 to §4,000, except
the Commissioner of Agriculture. The head
of that most important of all the branches of
this Government and of the bureaus is left at a
salary of $3,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
misapprehends my motion. It is not to amend
the title of the bill. It is to amend the title
to a clause in the bill. His amendment will
be in order after awhile.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, as I have already
interrupted the Senator, I hope he will let me
get through with my amendment now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maine, which does not affect the
text except as regards the title of this office,
will be considered as agreed to; and it is
agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. Now I move, and I hope
I shall have the approbation of the chairman
of the committee, to make -the salary of the
Commissioner of Agriculture the same as that
of the other heads of the bureaus.
Mr. SUMNER. What is it now? '
Mr. CAMERON.  Three thousand dollars,
and all the others have been raised to $4,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are several amend-
ments made in Committee of the Whole that
have not yet been acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are sev-
eral reserved amendments.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes; there are ; but that
is no reason why the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance should object to this plain
motion, which is so proper in itself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not object to any-
thing that my friend proposes, because I do
not hear what he says.
Mr. CAMERON. I will try to make my
friend hear mo. I propose to give to the Com-
missioner of Agriculture the same compensa-
tion that you have given to all the other heads
of bureaus under the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is right.
Mr. CAMERON. You have raised them
all, except him, from $3,000 to $4,000. Now
I move that his compensation be increased to
$4,000 a year, because I believe his depart-
ment is certainly one of the most important in
the country 
Mr. MORRILL,of Vermont, Mr. MORTON,
and others. That is right.
Mr. CAMERON. If Senators all around
say the amendment is right, I presume it is
unnecessary for me to say anything more on
the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves to amend the seventeenth
section of the bill, incorporated on the motion
of the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,]
so as to add the " Commissioner of Agricul-
ture."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it come in
after "Commissioner of the General Land
Office."
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is the proper place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It should be
inserted after "Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs," and before the word "and."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is better.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now I move to
insert on page 51, after line twelve hundred
and thirty-nine, under the amended heading,
which reads now, "office of the inspector of
the Military Academy," "one clerk of class
three, $1,G00." That leaves it precisely as it
was before.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions whether he expects to finish this bill
to-dav?
Mr! MORRILL, of Maine. I do. I think
we can finish it in a short time if the Senate
will only consent to vote and not talk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretory
will report the next reserved amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
which was to insert as section two the follow-
ing: _
And be it further enacted. That the compensation
of the female clerks, copyists, and counters employed
