3846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
in the;several Departments and bureaus, whose ap-
pointments are made by the several heads of Depart-
ments, under the provisions of law, shall, from and
after the 30th day of June, 1870, be the same as male
clerks performing the like or similar services; and
it shall be the duty of the several heads of Depart-
ments so to classify said female employes as to carry
out the provisions of this section; and the amount
necessary to pay the increased compensation herein
Erovided for for the year ending June 30, 1871, is
ereby appropriated out of any money in" the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated. And the heads of
the several Departments are hereby authorized to
appoint female clerks who may be found to be com-
petent and worthy to any of the grades of clerkships
known to the law in the respective Departments,
with the oompensationbelonging to the class to which
they are appointed.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is an amendment
to which I wish to call the serious attention of
the Senate. To the last clause of the amend-
ment I certainly have no objection. There is
no law preventing ladies from being employed
in any of the clerical departments of the Gov-
ernment. They ought to be employed, in my
judgment, more frequently than they are.
The objections that I have to this amend-
ment are such that I supposed at the time it
was offered it would surely be defeated without
my debating it. This is a proposition to add
to the permanent clerical force of the Govern-
ment some six or seven hundred persons, male
or female employes. These females are not
clerks in the technical language of the law;
they are rather additional employes, employed
from time to time from the commencement of
the war; and I am informed upon pretty good
authority that they now number about seven
hundred persons. In otherwords, this amend-
ment raises the salary of seven hundred em-
ploy6s from $900 a year, the amount they are
now receiving, to from twelve to eighteen hun-
dred dollars.
It also authorizes the heads of the Depart-
ments to graduate these clerks as they see
proper, according to the character of the ser-
vice they are performing; in other words, it
intrusts the heads of Departments with a power
that has never heretofore been conferred upon
the head of any Department. Heretofore the
number of clerks of the various grades has
been fixed by law. The general law which
establishes the Departments provides the num-
ber of clerks in each bureau, in each Depart-
ment, and regulates the number of first, second,
third, and fourth class clerks, in accordance
with the general character and importance of
the duties to be performed by them. This
proposition, on the other hand, departs from
this established policy of the Government and
authorizes the heads of Departments to employ
all the female eraploy6s now employed in any
class of the clcrical force ranging from twelve
to eighteen hundred dollars a year. It does not
graduate them, but authorizes the heads of the
Departments to do so. All of them may be em-
ployed at salaries as high as ยง1,800, or double
their present compensation. The amount in-
volved in this amendment is not less than
$400,000 per annum, changing entirely the
whole clerical force.
In my judgment it will be a great injury to
the ladies now employed in the various De-
partments of the Government if it should pass.
The result will be that political influence will
be brought to bear by males to secure the of-
fices now held by these ladies at a small com-
pensation, but ample for their purposes, suffi-
cient to meet their wants, and more than female
labor receives in any part of the United States.
We all know that these offices are eagerly
sought at the present compensation. Senators
know very well how eagerly they are sought
for. Widows and persons who are in need of
this small sum seek them. It seems to me that
we ought not to make a movement of this kind
without some further consideration than we
have had.
There are some two or three hundred ladies
employed in the offices of the Treasurer and
Register of the Treasury as counters, counting
money. How can they be graduated? How
can they be classified ? The duty performed by
them is new. Before the war no person per-
forming that character of- duty was employed
at all. We had no paper money entering the
Treasury. All our money was coin. The
whole class of duties performed now by ladies
in the Register's and Treasurer's offices in the
Treasury are entirely new.
There is no doubt that the compensation
already paid, $900 a year, is amply sufficient
to secure the best of this kind of service. I
remember when we first commenced employ-
ing these female clerks at fifty dollars a month,
$000 a year. They soon appealed to us, and
I thought with great propriety, for an increase
of their salary. We raised it to $720. I myself
voted cheerfully for that increase of compen-
sation. Afterward it was said that $720, by
the gradual rise of the necessaries of life, was
not sufficient; and finally, two or three years
ago, we raised it to $900. Since that time the
ladies have not applied for an increase. There
ia no petition, so far as I know, on file asking
for this increase. They are perfectly satisfied
with their present salaries.
There are hundreds of them who do not de-
sire this to be done. They know that if they
are put into positions where they are com
pelled to compete with those who bring to
bear political power and political influence
their positions will be in danger. The reason
why they are safe now in their humble employ-
ments is because men will not come and com-
pete with them for those employments. Bat
if you give to these counters of the little five,
ten, fifteen, and twenty-five cent stamps in the
Treasury the salaries of clerks, and thus open
the door to male clerks, you will have a con-
tinual competition between male and female
employ6s, a constant pressure for these kinds
of employments.
Why is it that ladies are not appointed to
clerkships in all the different Departments of
this Government? No law forbids it, and yet
there are no ladies employed as clerks under
the law, or very few. There are but three or
four lady clerks employed, I believe, in all the
Departments of the Government, and yet there
is no law to prevent their appointment. It is
simply because these places are greedily sought
after by those who can bring political influence
to bear. If you now bring these employments
up to the same grade as the other clerical posi-
tions under this Government, you will bring
against these women all the power of political
influence.
Dy this amendment you authorize the heads
of Departments to classify these clerks. You
authorize the heads of Departments to fix the
pay of these clerks anywhere between $1,200
and $1,800. You do not propooe to limit the
number of first, second, third, or fourth class.
You do not, as in the present law, adjust and
adapt to the different offices the different classes
of clerks according to the character of the duty
to be performed by them. That has been care-
fully done in all the laws regulating the clerical
force.
I submit to the Senate whether, without a
fuller consideration of this matter, we ought
to make this large increase of our permanent
expenditures. I know there is a feeling of
kindness, a feeling of generosity, I may say
even a stronger feeling, a feeling of chivalry,
to give to the ladies all they want in regard to
these matters; a feeling of chivalry. We dis-
like to object to a proposition of this sort; but
I say, as a matter of public duty, we ought not
to agree to it. It is yielding up some three or
four hundred thousand dollars of the public
money without securing any additional service,
endangering the position of the ladies that now
fill these offices, without doing any good, yield-
ing simply to what is called an equitable sense
of justice in giving to women the same pay for
rendering the same service as would be given
to men. Theoretically that is well enough;
but if you adopt the principle it will endanger
the positions of those ladies who now enjoy
them.
If by law we could require that a certain'
portion of the'clerical force should be filled by
female employes, I would vote for it. But if
we add to the clerical force of the Departments
we know the difficulty of reducing it. We
never can reduce it. A great struggle was
made here to-day over getting rid of one single
officer, and only one office out of a multitude
of offices has been abolished; and yet we know
that the number of officers now needed in the
various Departments of the Government is not
near as large as it was during the war. livery
man of sense knows that he can go to any of
these Departments and cut off one half of the
clerical force and yet leave a sufficient force
to perform all the duties. If others do not
know it, I at least have a very strong convic-
tion on this point. There is scarcely a Depart-
ment of this Government in which if conducted
by a private individual as he would conduct
his private business, or the affairs of a private
corporation, he would not not only reduce the
compensation of these employes, but reduce
largely the number of the employes. Who
does not know that that is so in every one of
the Executive Departments?
Therefore, much as I dislike to interfere
with the strong feeling to give these ladies four
or five hundred dollars ayear additional, I feel
bound myself in the interests of the Govern-
ment to resist this movement, because I believe
it will not advance theservice and will beareal
injury to the ladies themselves.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Iam a little surprised
at some of the statements of the Senator from
Ohio. I am astonished at the statement he has
made that one half the clerical force in these
Departments can be dispensed with ; and the
statement that if other Senators do not know
it he does, and the work still be performed.
That Senator has been at the head of the Fi-
nance Committee of this body a longtime, and
formerly had in charge the appropriation bills,
and he opposed the attempt that was made in
the Senate to strike out large appropriations
for temporary clerks. I recollect the contest
ayear ago, and I think two years ago, ontbat
subject, my friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] will remember it, where $250,000 were
put in the hands of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury,tobe used by him in his discretion, in addi-
tion to all the other clerks wegave him. Now
we have the astounding declaration here from
that Senator that half the clerical force can be
dispensed with and yet the public service be
performed ! If that is so, is it not the duty of
the Finance Committee and of the Appropri-
ation Committee, the committees having in
charge these matters, when the country is cry-
ing out against our expenses and is asking for
a reduction of expenses, to bring in the neces-
sary bills to decrease this force ? I am ready
to vote to-day to discharge half the clerks, if
they are unnecessary. 1 think that Congress
is culpable, and grossly culpable, if it allows
twice the number of clerks that the public ser-
vice requires to be employed. I think the
country should know this, and it comes to us
authoritatively. I did not know it. I had no
conception that there were twice as many em-
ployes in these Departments as the public
seVvice required. Certainly I should not have
voted for any increase of the number of clerks
had I known such to be the fact.
But, sir, what has that to do with this amend-
ment? This amendment which I have pro-
posed is not to increase the clerical force of
the Departments. It does not compel the De-
partments to employ more clerks, or any more
than are needed. This amendment is simply
to equalize the pay between males and females
in the Departments when they perform the
same work. It is to pay for the work that is
done, whether it is done by a man or by a
woman. Is not that just? Is it not right? Is
it not disreputable to us as. a nation and as a
people to employ one person to do precisely
the same work as another, and insist by our
law that one shall be paid twice what the other
