4790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
application suck -witnesses will be summoned by
order.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
H. TOEBETT,
Captain Eighteenth Infantry,
Brevet Major United States Anny.
E. H. Potter, esq., Counsel for E. H. Martin, Citizen.
It was all useless. I was not permitted to
offer the resolution. The overthrow of civil
liberty and constitutional government in a
State was too small a matter, in the eyes of
the committee, to trouble the President about.
Suspecting that there was something wrong of
which I was not advised, some motive for all
this resistance to an honest inquiry on so grave
a subject, I at once procured all the reports
of General Terry, and all the orders issued
to him up to the 11th day of February, 1870,
the last I could then obtain being Executive
Documents Nos. 3 and 41, second session of
Forty-First Congress, and I soon found why
such opposition was made to my inquiries.
Document 41 shows conclusively that General
Terry is but carrying out the orders of the
President and General Sherman in overthrow-
ing the State government of Georgia; and the
President would have been obliged to answer
my inquiry by stating that it was by his orders
that all these outrages and usurpations were
perpetrated and carried on. On page 4 of
that document the following order appears :
[General Orders, No. 1.]
Headquarters of the Army,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, January 4,1870.
By direction of the President of the United States,
so much of General Orders,No.103, dated headquar-
ters third military district, (department of Georgia,
Florida, and Alabama,) Atlanta, Georgia, July 22,
186S; and so much of General Orders, No. 55, dated
headquarters of the Army, Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, July 28,1808, as refers to the State of
Georgia is hereby countermanded. Brevet Major
General Terry will, until further orders, exercise
within that State the powers of the commander of a
military district, as provided by the act of March 2,
1867, and the acts supplementary thereto, under his
assignment by General Orders, No. 83, dated head-
quarters of the Army, Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, December 24, I860.
By order of General Sherman:
IS. D. TOWNSEND,
Adjutant General.
The countermanded orders are as follows:
Headquarters Third Military District,
Atlanta, Georgia, July 22,186S.
General U. S. Grant, Washington, I). C.:
Yesterday the Governor-elcct of Georgia notified
mc officially that both houses of the General Assem-
bly of Georgia had by solemn act complied with the
requisitions of the act of Congress which became a
law June 25, 1863; and to-day 1 have witnessed the
inauguration of the Governor-elect. The State of
Georgia is therefore, under the acts of Congress,
entitled to representation. The official documents
will bo carried to-dav by Brevet Brigadier General
R. C. Drum, sent to Washington for this purpose.
GEORGE G. MEADE,
Major General United States Aroiy.
Then comes an order issued at "Washington
city by General Grant himself, dated the 28th
of July, 1868:
Headquarters op tjie Army,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, July 28,1808.
The following orders from the War Department,
■which have been approved by the President, are
published for the information and government of
ihe A^my and of all concerned:
The commanding generals of the second, third,
fourth, and fifth military districts, having officially
reported that the States of Arkansas, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Louisiana. Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida have fully eomplicd with the acts of Con-
gress known as the reconstruction acts, including the
act passed June 22,1868, entitled "An act to admit
the State of Arkansas to representation in Congress
and the act passed June 25,1868, entitled "An act to
admit the States of North Carolina. Soufh Carolina,
Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida to repre-
sentation in Congress;" and that, consequently, so
much of the act of March 2,1867, and the acts sup-
plementary thereto, as provided lor the organization
of military districts subject to the military authority
of the United States, as therein provided, has become
inoperative in said States; and that the commanding
generals have ceased to exercise in said States the
military powers conferred by said aeU of Congress :
therefore the following changes wiil be made m the
organization and command of military districts and
geographical departments. * s-: ' w
By command of General Grant:
E. D. TOWNSEXD,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Official: K D; TOWNSBND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
And on the 12th of January General Sher-
man sent General Terry the following tele-
gram :
Headquarters op the Army.
Washington, January 12,1870.
General A.H. Terry, Commanding Department of the
South, Atlanta, Georgia :
t I answered your dispatch this day, and am assured
it was sent. I will sustain youin theexercis© ofany
authority that will maintain substantial good order
until the State of Georgia is recognized by the Exec-
utive and by Congress. Even then some lawful means
will be found whereby we eandefend our own friends
against the Kuklux or band of assassins.
I think the use of our soldiers should be limited
to maintaining the peace while you personally are
vested with executive authority over Governor and
Legislature till the State is fully admitted. You, on
the spot, must be the judge of how far it is politic or
wise to interfere with the component parts of the
Legislature-elect, or with their proposed legislation,
W. T. SHERMAN, General
Of course General Terry was anxious to be
invested with these extraordinary powers, so
as to be better able to consummate trie schemes
of his colleague, Bullock, and make himself
master of the situation. I find a telegram from
him to General Sherman, dated January 2,
1870, to which that of the President was doubt-
less a response, asking to be made autocrat over
Georgia, which reads thus:
[Telegram.]
Atlanta, Georgia, January 2,1S70.
General W. T. Sherman,
Commanding Armies of the United States :
I have assumed oommand of Georgia as a district.
Since my last telegram I have become convinced
that my assignment as a district commander was
necessary, and I think that I should be clothed with
the powers given by the reconstruction acts.
I would suggest that tho orders proposed in my
report of August 14 be issued. I think that tho
knowledge that X have those powers would go far to
prevent tho necessity for their use.
A. II. TliRRY,
Brevet Major General.
These telegrams show that the President and
his General, by direct order, made General
Terry, at his request, absolute despot over the
people, Governor, and. Legislature of Georgia,
and the President is therefore directly respon-
sible for all tho acts done by General Terry..
These orders were not issued ignorantly nor
without consideration. The President had by
his previous orders fully recognized the State
of Georgia as entitled to representation, and
as a State having a constitution by and under
which her rights were protected. Even in his
last annual message to Congress the President
said:
"Seven States which passed ordinances of seces-
sion havo been fully restored to their places in the
Union. Tho eighth, Georgia, held an election at
which sho ratitied her constitution, republican in
form, elected a Governor, members of Congress, a
State Logislaturo, and all other officers required.
ThoGovcrnorwas duly installed, and tho Legislature
mot and performed all the acts then required of them
by the reconstruction acts of Congress."
As early as April 29, 18G8, he had sent the
following dispatch to General Meade, repeating
one of March 2, to the same effect:
Headquarters War Department,
Washington', D. O., April 29,18G8.
Major General Ghorok G. Meade,
Commanding Third Military District:
I have carefully read your letter of 16th April and
its inelosures. I see nothing in them to change my
opinion as expressed to you m my dispatch of March
2,18o8.
The officers elected under the now constitution of
Georgia are not olliceis of tho piovisional govern-
ment referred to in tho reconstruction acts, nor are
they officers elected under any so-called State au-
thority, and are not therefore required to take the
oath prescribed in section nine, aet of July 19, 1SC7.
The eligibility to hold ofliee must be determined by
the new constitution and the amendments theCon-
stitutiou of the United States, designated as article
fourteen.
U. S. or,ANT, General.
These official papers must make it clear to
the dullest comprehension that the President
knew and recognized the fact that prior to the
passage of the act of December 22, 1869, the
State of Georgia was governed, under the con-
stitution she had adopted, by an Executive,
Legislature, and judiciary elected under it, and
that neither he nor his military subordinates
had any more right or legal authority to inter-
fere or take control of her State government
than they had over that of New York or Mas-
sachusetts. What authority, then, I ask, did
the act of December 22, 1869, give him? and
I answer, without fear of successful contradic-
tion, none whatever. a
The first section provides that the Governor
shall summon all the members of the Legisla-
ture originally elected to meet.
The second section prescribes what oath
they shall take before taking their seats as
members.
The third section prescribes the penalty for
false swearing.
The fourth section provides that those who
qualify shall organize their respective houses.
The fifth section prescribes the punishment
of persons who by force, violence, or fraud
interfere to prevent members from taking tho
oath or participating in the proceedings.
The sixth section declares the excluded
negroes eligible.
The seventh section being the only one which
in any way alludes to the power or duty of the
President provides
" Sec, 7. And be it farther enacted. That upon the
application of the Governor of Georgia, the President
of the United States shall employ such military or
naval forces of tho United States as may be neces-
sary to enforce and execute the preceding provisions
of this act."
There is not a line, word, or syllable in that
act which by any sort of construction can be
tortured into an authority to the President to
issue the orders to General Terry which I
have just read, whereby the Constitution and
laws of the State were annulled and set at
naught; the Governor and Legislature of the
State subordinated to the will of the military
commander; the civil courts and the great
writ of habeas corpus overthrown; and the
lives, liberty, and property of the whole people
placed in time of profound peace at the mercy of
a military subordinate of the President. Little
wonder objection was made to the President
being required to answer by what authority
General Terry was committing these outrages
on civil liberty!
His friends knew, if I did not, that he would
be compelled to answer in the face of the whole
American people, whose constitutional rights
and liberties he has fworn to maintain and pro-
tect, I did it. I cannot add to the strength of
the facts by any comment, and I do not believe
that in a case so plain either denunciation or
argument will carry any stronger conviction to
tho minds of the American people, or impress
upon them more forcibly the danger of allow-
ing the rights and liberty of any State or peo-
ple to be thus trampled under foot, than the
plain, unvarnished statement of facts I have
laid before the House; but I will say that if
usurpations and violations of law one tenth
part as great as those I have set forth had been
proved by the same evidence I have adduced
here against Andrew Johnson, he would have
been not only successfully impeached, but he
would not have received a single vote in his
favor from Democrat or Republican in the Sen-
ate of the United States.
Looking, therefore, at the facts as they exist,
knowing that there are now no representa-
tives of the people of Georgia in either branch
of Congress, and very few in her State Legis-
lature, and that she is not only slandered,
plundered, and despoiled by her (so called)
Governor and his minions, but is to-day under
a military despotism inaugurated by the Chief
Executive of the Republic without any reason-
able pretense of authority, and seeing no means
of escape for her people except by the adop-
tion of some such measure as that proposed
by the portion of the committee with whom I
acted, as a substitute for the bill, which has
at least the merit of giving the people an early
opportunity of escaping from the combined
despotism of Bullock and Terry, by electing
in the mode pointed out and under the super-
vision of officers designated by the State con-
stitution a Legislature of their choice, and by
the very act of declaring the State now entitled
