1958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
certainty whi eh must exist before tlie rule applies
at all, even in the case of a plurality.
Thatis not all, Mr. President. There is some-
thing repugnant—and I am sure my friend feels
it as well as I—there is something in our notions
of what is right in a government of the peo-
ple repugnant to the selection of public agents
who are to make laws by a minority. I will
say nothing about small county officers that
the section read provides for; but there is
something in our notions instinctively repug-
nant to the idea that the candidate of a minor-,
ity is to rule in a government of the people.
It is contrary to all the notions we have been
educated to. It is contrary to our notions of
right and justice. Itis excellently well stated in a
message of Governor Bullock to this same Legis-
lature, on the 18th of September, 1868, in
which speaking of this very subject, he winds
up his message with this language:
" la that a republican form of government where a
minority of electors rule?"
'A most pregnant inquiry of that body of
men who were then composed in part of mem-
bers representing a minority of the people,
just as this present Legislature is composed
of men who represent a minority of the votes
cast at the election. Is it a republican form
of government in the sense in which we have
been taught from the fathers to understand
it, that the solemn office of making laws for a
people is to be committed to a minority? Cer-
tainly it is not.
Therefore, I say—to return to the point from
which I was setting out. which is the key to
this whole thing—we are asked by the pas-
sage of this bill in any form, by the admission
of this State now, which is the pending ques-
tion, to recognize a Legislature improperly
constituted. I am not speaking of what we
ought to do otherwise; it is not proposed to
remand Georgia to military control, which
would open different considerations entirely,
I agree; but we are asked in admitting this
State to admit her with a Legislature which is
undeniably composed in defiance of her own
constitution, in defiance of fundamental prin-
ciples of political justice, as it respects the
rights of majorities and minorities, and to set
up that Legislature with the full powers of a
State government. How are we to excuse our-
selves for doing it? Only upon the ground,
if we can excuse ourselves at all—and I think
upon that ground we may—that that body of
the people of Georgia who claim to have been
wronged by this action say " Wo assent to it."
Then it ceases to be practical tyranny, because
the people against whom the tyranny is prac-
ticed say, " We do not complain." But upon
what condition do that people say that ? They
say it upon the understanding that under the
express letter of their constitution this term
of office will expire in January, 1871, preceded
by a new election in November, 1870; and so
theysay, "As a practical question, for the sake
of peace and order, to show our acquiescence
in the action of Congress, and to get on in the
progress of this State, we waive this objection
andare willing to permit these men to exercise
legislative functions until the next election
shall_ either reelect them or elect somebody
else in their places." Therefore it seems to
me that we cannot be justified in saying, "You
shall take this Legislature without any such
provision."
Then, " Why have the provisionat all," gen-
tlemen inquire; ''the constitution regulates
it; why say anything about it?" That would
be a very forcible observation, and it was made,
I think, by the Senator from Nebraska [Mr.
Thayek] the other day, " either here or else-
where," as the saying is. He said that it was
anomalous to apply any condition to Georgia
that had not been applied to the other States.
That would be true prima facie undoubtedly;
but my friend from Nebraska will not forget,
if he has been paying attention to what I have
said and if he has read these facts, that the
condition of Georgia is anomalous because it
is now under the legislative control of a body
of men composed largely and influentially of
persons who have no right to be there. There-
fore we are invited, more than invited—if we
are to validate that Legislature we are com-
pelled, if we believe in justice and fair play,
to say that that anomalous, irregular, and ille-
gal condition of things shall terminate. Other-
wise we should be obliged to set it aside
altogether. The condition of Georgia, there-
fore, differs essentially from the condition of
the other States.
Now, what does this constitution say? I
confess I should not have thought this question
could have been raised by any possibility were
it not that the fact stares me in the face that it
has been. I believe I am safe in saying that
the question never occurred to a single member
of the Judiciary Committee, in looking over
that constitution carefully before the passage
of the act of 1868, which declared that it was
republican in form); in looking over that con-
stitution again when we were reconsidering this
question the other day, until it leaked out, I
believe, in the first place out of the committee,
that it was expected that this Legislature was
going to hold on bey ond the 1st of J anuary, 1871.
I do not think it had entered into the mind of
any member of that committee, I do not think
it had entered into the mind of any Senator or
member of the House of Representatives in
Washington, that there was to be any other
course than an election in 1870 in that State
until the fact was mentioned by gentlemen con-
nected with the administration of the govern-
ment there.
My friend from Nevada has stated that it is
of great importance upon this question to know
whether the government in Georgia from 1868
to this time was provisional or not, and that
if it was provisional the terms of office do not
begin until we passed this act, and will, there-
fore, run for two years. I do not think so. I
do not think it of the least consequence to this
question whether this government was provis-
ional or not, because if you have a provisional
government which you permit to be a govern-
ment of the people at all—that is, a Legisla-
ture elected by the people—I do not see how
you are to make that Legislature last any longer
than the people voted it to last. A member
of the Legislature is an agent of the people.
Suppose the Legislature is a provisional one;
he is selected by the people of his district or
county as their agent, and in giving their votes
for him for a definite and specific period of
time they have imparted to him no authority
to exercise those functions beyond that time,
and they have never agreed to guaranty to him
the right to exercise those functions beyond
that time, whether he is unlawfully excluded
from exercising them at all or not.
These questions as to the nature of elections
have arisen a thousand times in all the States.
Men have been excluded who have been elected
to executive and administrative offices where
the term is fixed by law, by the will of the
people who elect a man to an office which runs
for a year, if you please, and that man has
frequently been excluded from taking posses-
sion of his office by the man who held over
before him, his predecessor, and he has been
obliged to resort to the law to get possession of
the office. It has sometimes happened within
my observation, and I am sure within that of
my friend from Indiana, as a lawyer, that the
delays of justice would be such that the time
would be absolutely out before the final judg-
ment of a court which would put the elected
man in could be rendered; and yet on this
theory that a man's term is not to begin to j
count till he gets possession of his office that I
man would be entitled to hold for his year j
nevertheless. No lawyer ever contended for I
that; no judge ever decided that, but exactly j
the reverse. I
When the time of the calendar expires for i
which the man was chosen, no matter whether I
he l;"s exercised his office for a day or not. j
his right has expired and there must be a
fresh selection. Nobody disputes that. Iam
merely stating what every lawyer and every
intelligent man who is not a lawyer knows:
perfectly well; and we had an illustration of
that applied to political affairs not long ago in
the case of Colorado, the very latest territorial
case we had. I do not contend that Congress
decided in that case thatthe officers' times were
out and that they had no organization of State
government to begin with; but I do say that
the question of the admission of Colorado, as
having elected its State officers and its Sen-
ators and member of Congress, ran on so long
that the term of office provided in the consti-
tution of Colorado for its officers would have
expired by the calendar when those who de-
sired to come in and to exercise the functions
of officers in that State abandoned the whole
project, becausa they knew, and everybody
knew, it was unquestioned by anybody, that
if we then admitted the State it would have no
organization at all, for the time by the calendar
had gone by within which the people who
elected them had authorized them as agents
and representatives of the people to exercise
any functions whatever. There is the diffi-
culty ; so that if you say that this is a pro-
visional government, and that this Legislature
was elected under the authority of Congress as
a provisional Legislature, you then find your-
self in the predicament that Congress author-
ized the people to elect a provisional Legislature
for two years, in April, 1868, and the people
have- elected that provisional Legislature for a
a term, not forever, but a term of time, and
that time is about to go by. The consequence
would be, as I have said, that when the time for
which the provisional Legislature was elected
has expired that Legislature has no further
authority from the people to act.
It may be that Congress could assert, if you
are to keep the government provisional, that
that body of men should be aboard, call them
a Legislature if you please, whatever they are,
that they should be a body of men to exercise
supreme control in the State of Georgia; but
then whence would they derive their author-
ity ? Not from the free gift of the people who
selected them, but from the paramount will of
the nation ; and by whatever name you chose
to call them they would be simply agents of
Congress in exercising dominion over that
State. I do not deny, neither do I assert, that
Congress would have the power to say that
thing; but if it had the power to say that
thing, in order to carry it out it would be
necessary that Congress should continue the
provisional government. Congress cannot,
under any clause in the Constitution that I
know of, elect a Legislature for a State. Con-
gress cannot, under any clause that I know
of, provide that a Legislature of a State shall
hold for a term beyond that which its consti-
tution has declared that it shall hold for. Of
course it is impossible to maintain such a
proposition. It would cease to be a State. It
isimpossible to conceive of the idea of a State
with such a state of things.
My_ friend from Nevada said that the idea
of this proviso, called the Bingham amend-
ment, implied that Congress would have the
power to hold this Legislature over for two
years, because it is exercising the power of
saying they shall not hold beyond two years.
Not at all. In the one instance we merely
declare that the constitution of that State secur-
ing to the people republican institutions by the
fresh election of Representatives from time to
time shall be carried out; and therefore there
is no authority for saying that because we have
aright to upholdaState constitution we there-
fore have a right to overthrow it. When we
provide that this Legislature shall not go be-
yond the time its constitution declares and its
people have elected it for we are upholding
the State constitution; we are defending it,
and are exercising the faculty that the Con-
stitution of the United States in terms gives
