1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
and adopted a constitutional State government,
which is republican in form ; Therefore, .
Be it enacted, &e„ That the said State of Missis-
sippi is entitled to representation in the Congress of
the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now,
Mr. Speaker, call for the previous question on
the bill and the proposed substitute.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for one minute?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to say,
and I think I may say it on behalf of my
friends as well as myself, that, though we 1
acquiesce in this measure, we do not willingly
acquiesce in it, and that this case, in our ;
judgment, differs essentially from that of Vir-
ginia, in that a general of the United States j
Army has so used the military forces of the
State of Mississippi as to elect himself to the
United States Senate by the use of the Army ^
thereof. j
The previous question was seconded and the j
main question ordered; which was on agreeing ,
to the substitute offered by Mr. Beck. i,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative; there being—yeas 83, nays 100,
not voting 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnum, Beck,
Biggs, Bird, Blair, James Brooks, Burchard.Burr,
Calkin, Cleveland, Cox, Crebs, Deweese, Dickinson,
Dockery, Dox, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fink-
ol 11 burg, Fitch, Garfield, Getz, Gibson, Golladay,
Griswold, Haight, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, Haw-
kins, Hay, Hill, Holman, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas
L.Jones. Kellogg. Kerr, Ifetcham, Knott, Lallin,
Logan, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, McKenzie,
McNeely, Milncs, Morgan, Niblack, Orth, Potter,
Randall. Reading, Reeves. Rice, Ridgway, Rogers,
Schumaker, Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith,
Stiles, Stone, Strong, Swaun, Sweeney, Tanner,
Tillman, Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, V oor-
hees. Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Winches-
ter, Witcher, Wood, and Woodward—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Ayer, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benja-
min, Bennett, Benton. Boles, Booker, Boyd, George
M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake,
Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Dickey, Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Dyer.Ela, Ferriss, Hamilton, Haw-
ley, Heflin, Hoar, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Ivnapp, Lash, Lawrence, Lynch, McCrary, McGrew,
Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Dan-
iel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley,
O'Neill, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peters,
Phelps, Piatt, Pomcroy, Prosser, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Por-
ter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stokes, Stoughton, Taffe, Townsend, Twichell, Ty-
ner, Upson, Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
- burn, William-B. Washburn, AVheeler, Whitte-
more, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, and John T.
Wilson—100.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Bailey,
Bingham, Bowen, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Fisher,
Fox, Gillillan, Greene. Haldeman, Hays, Heaton,
Hoag, Hoge, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Alexan-
der H. Jones, Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy,
Jesse H. Moore, Morrissey, Mungen, Poland, Por-
ter, Roots, Sanford.Worthington C. Smith, Strader,
Strickland, and Welker—35.
So the substitute was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WHITTEMORE demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 134, nays 66, not vot-
ing 28; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Ayer, Banks, Boaman, Beatty,
Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles,
Booker, Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R.Butler, Cake, Cessna, Church-
ill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, De-
weese, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Duval,
Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg,
Fitch, Garfield. Gilfillan, Hale, Hamilton, Hawley,
Hay, Hefiin, Hill, Hoge, Hooper, Jenckes, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp,
Lanm, Lash, Lawrence, Logani Loughridge, Lynch,
Maynard, McCrary, McGrew. McKenzie, Mercur,
Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel
J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer. Paine, Peters,
Phelps. Piatt, Pomeroy, Prosser, Ridgway, Roots,
Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A.^Shel-
don, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, Wllliam Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stough-
ton, Strong, Taffo, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend,
Twichell. Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Ward, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn. William B. Washburn, Welker,
AVheeler, Whittemore, Wilkinson. Willard, Wil-
liams. John T. Wilson, and Wmaiis-134.
nays—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Beck, Biggs,
Bird, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cleveland, Cox,
Crcbs, Dickinson, Dox, Eldmlge, Getz, Gibson,
Golladay, Greene, Griswold, Haight, Hambleton,
Hamill. Hoar, Holman, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, Mc-
Neely, Morgan, Niblack, Palmer, Potter, Randall,
Reading, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Schumaker, bher-
rod, Stiles. Stone, Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Irim-
ble, Van Auken. Van Trump, Voorhces, Wells,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Axtell, Bailey, Barnum,
Fisher, Fox, Haldeman, Hawkins, Hays, Heaton,
Hoag, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones,
McCarthy, Jesse H. Moore, Morrissey, Mungen,
Poland, Porter, Sanford, Schenck, Slocum. Joseph
S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Strickland, Eugene M. Wilson, and Witcher 28.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL DEFICIENCY.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1097)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the naval service of ;
the Government for thefiscalyear endingJune
30, 1870, and for other purposes; which was ;
read a first and second time.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent that
the bill shall be considered in the House under
the five-minutes rule.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let the bill
be read, so that we may know what it is.
The bill was read. It appropriates out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated : for the Bureau of Steam Engineer-
ing, $1,050,000, and for the Bureau of Con-
struction and Repair, $1,950,000.
The bill also provides that the following
amounts of unexpended balances shall be cov-
ered into the Treasury, namely: of the unex-
pended balance standing to the credit of the
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing,$1,400,000;
of the balance to the credit of the Bureau of
Equipment and Recruiting, $399,000; of the
balance to the credit of the bureau of Naviga-
tion, $250,000; and of the balance to the credit
of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, $951,000.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of this bill in the House under
the fiv% minutes rule ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the gentleman
from Missouri to withdraw his objection to
considering thisjnatter before the House, and
let the House determine upon it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There seems to be a
very large amount of money appropriated by
this bill.
Mr. .DAWES. I am aware of that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The bill has not been
printed. We know nothing of the facts, and
we cannot consider the facts under the five-
minute rule. If I understand it correctly the
bill appropriates $2,500,000.
Mr. DAWES. Three million dollars. I will
say to the gentleman from Misaonri that I am
pressed on all sides by those who represent the
navy-yards to urge the passage of this bill, from
the circumstance that between five and six thou-
sand persons have been, since Monday last,
thrown out of employment in these two bureaus
of the navy-yards for the want of this money.
If the House should consider that $3,000,000
is too much for this purpose they can cut it
down to $200,000, or $100,000, or they can
defeat the bill. All I ask of the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Benjamih] is to permit
this bill to be brought before the House for
consideration.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Whether laborers are or
are not thrown out of employment should not
influence our action here on this bill. The
question is, do the needs of the Government
require the appropriation of this monev ?
Mr. DAWES. I will try to lay before the
House the grounds upon which this appropria-
tion is asked by the Navy Department. If
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bexjamix]
objects merely to the application of the five-
minutes rule to the consideration of this bill I
will withdraw that portion of my proposition.
But I am anxious that the House shall act upon
this bill at the present time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to
the House acting upon the bill; but it seems
to me we should have it printed and have the
facts before the House before we are called
upon to vote this large amount of money.
Mr. DAWES. Ordinarily it is true that
we should have such bills as this printed.
But this bill covers only two items the aggre-
gate of which is what I have stated. They
can be readily understood in a moment when
stated either from the Clerk's desk or by any
member. I agree with the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] that we ought not in-
considerately to appropriate a dollar of money.
And if the House shall be of opinion that we
j ought not to appropriate the sum here recom-
i mended it is in their power to cut it down.
! But I think it is due to these laborers on the
I one side, and to the Department on the other,
that this subject should be brought before the
! House for consideration at this time,
i Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman will
| modify his motion so as not to require the
I five-minutes rule I will withdraw my objection
! to the consideration of this bill at this time.
Mr. DAWES. I will do so.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will have to object to the
consideration of this bill in the House at this
I time unless all the rules applicable to the Com-
j mittee of the Whole be applied to this bill in
> the House.
Mr. DAWES. That is what I propose,
except that at first the five-minutes rule shall
Mr. ^HOLMAN. To that I will not object.
Mr. DAWES. As several members desire
to present bills for reference, &c., to which
there will be no objection, I will yield for that
purpose for a few minutes.
VAN WYCK VS. GREENE NEW YORK.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. The Commit-
tee of Elections in the contested-election case
of Charles H. Van Wyck against George W.
Greece, from the eleventh congressional dis-
trict of the State of New York, have instructed
me to submit a report and accompanying reso-
lutions, and ask that the same be printed for
the use of the House; and I will give notice
that I will call up this case for consideration
on Tuesday next after the morning hour.
The resolutions accompanying the report
were read, as follows:
Retolved, That Hon. George W. Greene is not
entitled to a seat as a Representative in the Jj orty-
First Congress from the eleventh district of tne
State of New York. . .
Jietolved, That Hon. Charles H. Van Wyck is enti-
tled to a seat as a Representative in the Forty-r irai
Congress from the eleventh district of the State 01
New York.
Mr. BURR. In behalf of the minority of
the Committee of Elections, I ask leave to
present a minority report with an accompany-
ing resolution, and ask that the same be
printed with the report of the majority of the
committee, so that the two reports may be
considered together.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Iiesohed+Thut Hon. George W. Greene was legally
elected to the Forty-First Ccjngress, and properly
holds his seat as Representative from the elevenm
congressional district of New York.
The two reports were ordered to be printed
for the use of the House.
