1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3847
receives, or a quarter or a third more? Sir, it
is the justice of the thing that I.ask the Senate
to look at.
But, says the Senator, the ladies have not
asked it. I care not whether they have asked
it or not. J. am for putting them on the same
footing as I would put the gentlemen when
I hey perform the same service. This amend-
ment does not compel you to employ them.
But, says the Senator, it will add six or
seven hundred persons permanently. Not at
all. If these clerks are not needed I hope the
Departments will not employ them. If they
have here a thousand or two thousand clerks
who are not necessary, I hope the Departments
will discharge them. How does it add, I ask,
to the permanent force? It does not add a
single one, because it imposes no obligation
upon the Departments to employ more clerks
than are necessary.
But, says the Senator, it changes the old law
and authorizes the heads of Departments to
appoint as many fourth-class clerks, or third-
class clerks, or second-class clerks as they
please. Not at all. It makes no change what-
ever in the law in that respect. It leaves the
law just as it stands. It authorizes the heads
of the Departments to classify these clerks.
How? According to existing law. If there are
ten fourth-class clerks in one of the bureaus
of the Government, then the Secretary at the
head of that Department may appoint five
females or ten females to those fourth-class
clerkships; but the Department is not author-
ized to increase the number. If the law author-
izes the employment of five hundred first-class
clerks, that is all that this amendment will
authorize the Department to employ.
Jlr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will cost
$400,000 more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It costs no $400,000;
and if it did you are paying the $400,000 now.
How does it cost any $400,000? Will it cost
any more if you remove from office a second-
class male clerk who gets $1,400, and put a
woman there to do the work? Does that cost
any more money?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not pro-
pose to take up anytime on this matter. Does
not the Senator know that there are three or
four times as many applications for these places
now on file as there are places on the part of
women who would be glad to accept the places
for even $(>00, and cannot get them at that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that fact
at all. I did not know that there was one
application on file. It is very likely there may
be, and I presume there are a thousand appli-
cations of men; and I presume you can find
men who will agree to perform these duties in
the Departments probably for $600 that are
performed now by $1,200 clerks. But is that
iiny reason why you should not pay a female
the same price for the same work that you pay
a man? You are not bound to employ her, I
admit.
Sir, I repudiate this idea that political influ-
ences are to drive out of the Departments the
females and put males in their places. I:am
ashamed to recognize any such influence as
that, as turning the females out of the Depart-
ments and putting males in their places. I
shall try, if I can, to get the attention of the
Senate before we adjourn to a bill I have intro-
duced, which will preventthe Departments trom
appointing to office any man, or woman either,
who goes there with a recommendation from
:my member of Congress in his or her favor,
if 11 is made at his or her instance. Let us
pass a bill of that kind, and stop this pressure
upon Congress and from members of Congress.
Now, sir, I trust that wo shall adhere to the
amendment as we made it in Committee of'the
Whole, and do this act of justice to the females
who are employed in the Departments. I
admit that if the ladies now performing service
for $900 are appointed to fiist-class clerkships,
as I trust they will be if they are competent to
discharge the duties as well as tlxe male clerks,
they will get $300 more than they are now
getting, and I think they ought to get it.
But the Senator says there are counters in
the Treasurer's office and Register's office per-
forming a duty, as I understand him, that has
never been performed by males. Then this
amendment may not reach them. I was afraid
it would not.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does reach them by
the word "counters." It says " counters em-
ployed." The reason why they were not ap-
pointed before was because before the war
there was no paper money. As a matter of
course the counting all grows out of the use
of paper money, which is the result of the war.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So I understand; but
if there are no male clerks performing that
kind of service, perhaps the amendment which
I have offered would not reach that class of
ladies. I should be sorry if it did not, for my
intention was to put the ladies who perform
service equal to the service performed by men
upon the same footing in regard to pay. I
think it is eminently just.
I do not wish to take up any time in discuss-
ing this question. I rose simply to reply to
some suggestions that were made by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. But there is one other sug-
gestion that I ought to notice ; and that is, that
this matter has not been sufficiently considered,
the Senator thinks. Why, sir, this is not a
new question. The Senate of'the United States
a year ago by a very decided vote put upon an
appropriation bill a similar proposition to this,
and it was lost in a committee of conference,
Mr. SHERMAN. If I remember aright,
that was to classify them between §900 and
$1,200.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, I do not think it
provided for classifying them between $900
and $1,200. 1 cannot state its phraseology,
but the object of the amendment adopted by
the Senate a year ago, when we discussed the
whole question, was to equalize the pay; and
the Senate by a decided vote then adopted the
amendment, which was lost, as I say, in a com-
mittee of conference. This is no new subject.
It has been discussed in this body and discussed
in the other House. It is no objection to me
that the ladies have not petitioned for it. So
much the better. Let us do this act of justice
without any petition from them. But, sir, I
do not wish to take up time. 1 hope that we
shall get through with the bill this evening. ^
Mr. RAMSEY. It is evident that (ho dis-
position of this bill will occupy us until twelve
o'clock to-night if we proceed with it. There
are two or three amendments yet to be acted
upon that will lead to a very lengthy debate.
We were in session very late last night, and
must be, under the rule, to-morrow night
again. I move, therefore, that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ate will not do any such thing.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) The Senator from Min-
nesota moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. RAMSEY. No debate is in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator from Minnesota to withdraw the mo-
tion for the purpose of allowing me to submit
a proposition. If it is not accepted the Sen-
ator can renew his motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
recognized the Senator from Maine.
Mr. RAMSEY. No debate is in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not wish
to debate the motion. I only wish to submit
a proposition.
Mr. RAMSEY, That is debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine was recognized by the Chair,
and is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RAMSEY. On a motion to adjourn
how could he have the floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, He desirea
to make a proposition to the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is in the nature of
debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to- say
this: if the Senate had patience I think we
could close this bill in an hour or two at the
outside ; but I see they will not havo patience.
I therefore wish to make a proposition sug-
gested by the Senator from Ohio, [Mi?. Thur-
majt. ] that i nstead of staying here now we agree
to take a vote on all the pending propositions
connected with this bill, without debate, at one
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. Let there be five-minutes
debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Commencing
to vote at one o'clock. Every one of these
propositions has been debated already in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Maine if there are any new amendments to be
offered?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, None that I am
aware of. Every single question remaining
has been debated in committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
adopting that course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the proposition of the Senator from
Maine?
Mr. IIARLAN. I am so situated that I can-
not agree to that.
Mr. COLE. The proposition for an expedi-
tion to the north pole has not been debated, I
think.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly it was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does any
Senator object to the proposition made by the
Senator from Maine?
Mr. HARLAN. I am so situated that I can-
not agree not to say a word in relation to the
amendment on which I have asked a separate
vote.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, and Mr.
SUMNElt. Then let us have the question on
the adjournment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I mustbe allowed
to express my astonishment, when gentlemen
in the Opposition come forward and make a
proposition of this sort, that Senators who
have the responsibility of this bill before the
country object to it and are not willing to stay
here and finish this bill, which can be done in
two hours, but make haste to get out of the
Senate when there is an opportunity to agree
upon a proposition.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us agree to take the
vote at two o'clock. That will give everybody
a chance who wishes to speak.
Mr. STEWART. Let us sit it out now.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us take the vote at
two o'clock to-morrow without further debate.
That will give an hour for debate, and surely
that is enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio proposes to take the vote on
the amendments to this bill at two o'clock to-
morrow without debate. Is there objection?
Mr. HARLAN. It is impossible to know
whether the amendment on which I ask a sep-
|i arate vote will be reached before that time.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER The Chair
i] understands the Senator from Iowa to object.
|! The question, then, is on the adj< urnrnent, on
;l which the \-eas and nays have be< n ordered.
j| Mr. PATTERSON. I am pa red vith^ the
'< Senator irom New Jersey, [Mi. hTOOMOX.J
The question being taken by y«-as ard nays,
resulted—yeas 1(3, navs ; as follows.
i'EAS-Mossis. Bayard, Boreman. JZ'/VfJ"
| agan, 1'owier, Hamilton ■of.Maryland, Johi^ton, ilc
1 Oieery, Piatt,Ramsey,Sherman,Sumner, iburmau,
! Tipton. Vickers, and Yates—Io. Origin
I NAYS—-MesJSfeJ. Chandler, Cole, Lorbatt, v/ia^in,
