APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Postal Telegraph—-Mr. Washburn-
Ho. qf Baps.
Postal Telegraph.
SPEECH OF HON. 0. C. WASHBURN,
op wisconsin,
In the House of Representatives,
December 22, 1869.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the President's annual
message-
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, said:
Mr. Chairjian : When Sir Rowland Hill first
proposed the reform of tho postal service of
England and the establishment of a uniform
rateof postage (onepenny) throughout the Uni-
ted Kingdom a noble lord who was then post-
master generaljof Great Britain thus described,
bis plan of reform. Said he, " Of all the wild
and visionary schemes that I have ever heard
of it is the most extravagant."
Undeterred by ridicule or denunciation the
projector pressed upon public attention statis-
tics, arguments, and facts. Parliament was
forced to hear, the reform was adapted, and
its success was immediate and triumphant.
Forced by the experience of Great Britain, we
soon followed her example, though not without
strong opposition from influential quarters. It
was said that the condition of this country and
Great Britain were so unlike no inference could
be drawn favorable to the success of the scheme
here. Great Britain was a small and densely
populous country, while ours was the opposite.
But the scheme was adopted, and with what
success is known to all, apd none are so foolish
now as to regret its adoption or to advocate a
return to the old system. The effect of reducing
postage from twenty-five cents to a uniform
rate of three cents, instead of destroying the
revenues of the Department, as was predicted,
has been to increase the letters transmitted
through 1 he mails twentyfold, and far beyond
what the most sanguine advocates of cheap
postage predicted. Since then science has
wrought out new means of transmitting intelli-
gence, andwithher discoveries havecome obli-
gations upon the representatives of the people
to give them the advantages of such discoveries.
As in the case of cheap postage, we have been
laggards in our duty to the people, until we
now see that Great Britain has taken up the
question of cheap telegraphing, and by an act of
Parliament taken possession of the telegraphic
lines of that country, and has determined to
bring the use of the telegraph within the reach
of all her people.
To that sooner or later we must come. It
has not come in Great Britain without a strug-
gle, nor will it come here without a bitter con-
test, and those who seek to bring it about must
expect to be maligned and misrepresented be-
fore they witness the consummation of their
wishes. A monopoly wielding a nominal cap-
ital of nearly fifty million dollars, having
41st Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 1.
thousands of intelligent employes scattered all
overthe country, with whom communication can
be had at any moment; amonopolythat dictates
terms to the newspaper press and compels it to
sign a contract not to allow anything to appear
in its columns criticising the telegraph; may not
be attacked with impunity.
Shall tho Government take control of the
telegraph and make it a part of the postal sys-
tem? That proposition, in a modified form,
has already beon before a committee of this
House. The reasons offered by the advocates
have drawn forth a defense from the Western
Union Telegraph Company, whioh was laid on
the desk of members at the last session. It
forms a pamphlet of ono hundred and twenty
pages; it is filled with exaggerations and errors
of statement from beginning to end, but I
shall have time to note but few of them. The
chairman of tho Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads has also made a report of
considerable length written in a style, it seems
to me, very much like the pamphlet of one
hundred and twenty pages, ft is needless to
say that that report is favorable to the con-
tinuance of the abuse of the existing monopoly.
This is a grsat question 5 few of greater im-
portance have ever come before the American
Congress. I desire to treat it with the utmost
fairness and candor. While wishing to see
the rights of tho people preserved and main-
tained. I will do 110 wrong or injustice to any
person or corporation, however extortionate
and grasping they may have been heretofore.
I am satisfied that only under the management
of the Goyernmsnt can fhe people of the Uni-
ted States expect cheap rates, and this for the
reason that capital here commands, and must
command for many years, high rates of inter-
est. The stock of the existing telegraph com-
panies is not the representative of the moneys
expended in building their lines aud establish-
ing their offices, but of twice, thrice, even in
some instances six times that sum; of moneys
lost in lines which are valueless, of concessions
by one organization to another, of which the
issue of three shares of Western Union stock
for each share of American stock retired by
tho consolidation of the two companies named
is an example; so that while the entire tele-
graph property 'of the whole country would
not cost to-day $12,000,000 to construct it
anew, the public is taxed to pay dividends on
over sixty million dollars.
Competition cannot in this case be relied
upon to bring the rates of charges within the
reach of the publie, as is shown in the history
of the Western Union Company, which has ab-
sorbed, one after another competing lines, such
as the Ohio and Mississippi, Erie and Michi-
gan, New York, Albany, and Buffalo, United
States, American, Pacific, California State,
and Illinois and Mississippi lines.
In regard to the two plans proposed here-
tofore for governmental interference, I api
foreed to say that they both come short of the
necessities of the case. The proposition for
an experimental line from Washington to New
York whioh was before the last Congress, $nd
whioh oontemplated a new line or the pur-
chase of an existing line, if to be had, twenty-
five per cent, less than a new line oould be
built for, was objectionable for two reasons.
Such a line having no other connections than
Washington with New York and intermediate
points would be a failure. However low the
Government might put its tariff, the existing
companies would go lnwer, and make up their
losses, if any, upon other portions of their
lines, and tho public wonld use the lines hav-
ing the widest connections. The manner pro-
posed of acquiring existing lines was hardly
as fair or liberal as it should be. If the Gov-
ernment shall take control of the telegraph
system it would be but fair to pay existing
companies what such lines would cost if built
by the Government, and, so far as 1 tun con-
cerned, I would go for their acquisition on
that basis.
The other proposition, being that of Hon.
Gardner G. Hubbard, of Boston, has this
objection, that it does not go near far enough,
nor does it contemplate such a reduced tariff
as the country demands, and while that gen-
tleman is entitled to great credit for the inter-
est he has awakened in the public mind on tho
subject of a postal telegraph, and though his
plan is far preferable to the existing system, I
am satisfied after a careful examination of fhe
whole question that the Government should
have the absolute ownership of tho lines and
control of the whole subject. This is demon-
strated by the experience of other countries.
Though the inventor of the electric telegraph was
an American, and though the people ofthe Uni-
ted States were the first to adopt that method
of conveying intelligence, they are to be the
last civilized nation to enjoy the full benefits
of that wonderful invention, for itcannot truth-
fully be denied that telegraphing in the United
States is far more expensive, inaccurate, un-
certain, and tardy in transmission and deliv-
ery, than in any other enlightened country.
It is claimed by all other civilized nations that
the same reasons that exist for their control-
ling the post office also exist for controlling the
telegraph, and acting upon that assumption
they all do control it. With what result I will
show by official figures before I close.
The Government of Switzerland appears to
have been the first to appreciate the import-
ance of supplying the public with a compre-
hensive telegraph system, and to recognize
the wisdom of adopting a low scale of prices.
The federal law of December 6, 1852, estab-
lished a fixed rate throughout the State, irre-
spective of distance, as follows :
For a message of 20 words 1 frano, (20 cents.)
For a message of 21 to 50 words 2 francs.
l?or a message of 51 to 100 words -„„3 francs.
