1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
printing of tariff bill.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committeeon Print-
ing, reported the following resolution, upon
which he called the previous question:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House three thousand extra copies of .the bill re-
ported February 1. to amend the tariff laws, in
pamphlet form, and two thousand extra copies of
the Fame in ordinary bill form, including two hun-
dred copies for the use of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
survey of colorado and nsw mexico.
Mr. LAFLIN also reported from the Com-
mitteeon Printing the following resolution; on
which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed seven thou-
sand extra copies of F. V. Hayden's "Field Report
of Geological Survey of Colorado and New Mexico,"
two thousand of which shall be for the use of the
Senate and five thousand for the use of the House.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tribute3 to abraham lincoln.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed
to report to this House the extra number on band for
general distribution of the Tributes of the Nations
to Abraham Lincoln.
jonathan nutt.,
Mr. WOODWARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1093) granting a
pension to Jonathan Nutt; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and War
of 1812.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. STOKES, by nnanimons consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. II. No. 1094) to relieve cer-
tain persons of Tennessee, Texas, and Missis-
sippi of all political disabilities imposed by the
provisions of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
z. c. robbin8.
Mr. WILLIAMS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1096) for the re-
lief of Z. C. Robbins, late register of wills for
the county of Washington and the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred, with accompanying papers,
to the Committee for the Diatrictof Columbia.
indian annuities.
Mr. TAFFB, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to inform this House what annuities or
other payments, if any, have been withheld from
Indian tribes under the provisions of an act mak-
ing appropriations for current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30,1870.
nashville and decator railroad.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in answer to the resolution
of the House of January 25,1870, transmitting
the report of the Quartermaster General upon
the present condition of the accounts of the
Nashville and Decatur Railroad Company of
Tonnessee with the United States ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
wisconsin and fox riters.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Governor of the State of Wisconsin, trans-
mitting the memorial of the Legislature of
that State to Congress for the improvement
of the Wisconsin and Fox rivers; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
expenses of state department.
i The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
I laid before the House a communication from
I the Secretary of State, transmitting a statement
1 t)f the manner in which the fund for contingent
j expenses of the Department of State was
1 expended from July 1, 1868, to June 30,1869,
inclusive; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
ordnance department.
The SPEAKER also, byunanimpus consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting to the House a com-
munication from the chief of ordnance, ex-
hibiting the urgent public necessity for a larger
clerical force and a larger appropriation for
contingent expenses than is provided for in the
pending bill making appropriations for legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
custom-house, ca8tine, maine.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, asking for an
appropriation of $600 to purchase additional
land for the custom-house at Castine, Maine;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
i priations, and ordered to be printed.
| imported plants for dye-stuffs, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Commissioner of Agriculture, in answer to
the resolution of the House of January 26,
1870, in relation to the extent and value of the
imports of foreign commodities susceptible of
production within the limits of this country as
plants useful for dye-stuffs, medicines, and for
other economic purposes; which was referred
to the Committee on Agriculture, and ordered
to be printed.
custom-houses at sayannah and mobile.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, calling the spe-
cial attention of the House to the necessity for
immediate action on the estimates for the
repairs of the custom-houses at Savannah,
Georgia, afid Mobile, Alabama; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
members-elect from mississippi.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
Brevet Major General Adelbert Ames, certify-
ing to the election of Legrand W. Perce, as a
member of Congress from the fifth congres-
sional district of,the State of Mississippi, on the
30th of November and 1st of December, 1869;
and also a like communication certifying to the
election of George E. Harris, from the first
congressional district of.the same State; which
were referred to the Committee of Elections.
w. j. keays, sixteenth new york cavalry.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in compliance with the
request of the Committee on Military Affairs,
transmitting a copy of the report of the Judge
Advocate General upon the case of First Lieu-
tenant W. J. Keays, of the sixteenth New York
cavalry; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
delaware indians.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an
abstract of a report of the United States Indian
agent upon claims for stock stolen from the
Delaware Indians since 1854, provided for in
treaty of July 4, 1866, with said tribe ; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled joint resolutions.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled joint resolutions of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 27) authorizing
Commander Charles H. Baldwin, United States
Navy, to accept a gold medal from the king of
the Netherlands; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 28) authorizing
Lieutenant Commander W. A. Kirkland, Uni-
ted States Navy, to accept a gold medal from
the emperor of France.
norman wiard.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, leave
was granted for the withdrawal from the files
of the House of the papers in the case of Nor-
man Wiard; and the same were referred to
the Committee of Claims.
cuba.
Mr. LOGAN entered, for future consider-
ation, a motion to reconsider the vote by which
his resolution in reference to Cuba was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
naval deficiencies.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill reported by Mr. Dawes providing for naval
deficiencies.
. Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, before enter-
ing upon an explanation of this bill, I desire
to call the attention of the honprable gentle-
man who represents the thirteenth district of
Ohio [Mr. Morgan] to a matter which he dis-
cussed yesterday. He called attention to what
he alleged to be an unlawful payment to offi-*
cers of the Navy of thirty-three per cent, over
and above their stated salary. Upon the spur
of the moment I made such explanation as was
at hand. I am now able more fully to lay
before the House precisely the ground of this
payment; and it is due to all the parties who
have participated in it that explanation should
be made. If the gentleman from Ohio will
turn to the order of Mr. Secretary Welles, bear-
ing date May 23, 1866, under which this pay-
ment has been made up to this time, he will
observe that it waa in consequence of certain
legislation which preceded that time.
There had been from time to time acts passed
cutting off allowances to officers of the Navy,
as for quarters, for lights, for fuel, &c., strip-
ping them of all these allowances, and leaving
them only their statute salaries. In the mean
time, by a law which was enacted, the salaries
of certain officers of the Army and civil service
were raised. But while there was a statute
raising the pay of other officers, there was a
statute repealing those laws which cut off from
officers of the Navy allowances for quarters, and
for lights, fuel, &c., leaving them their statute
salaries and allowances for these purposes.
The Secretary of the Navy, as is recited here,
considering that abuses under this head had
crept in, issued the order which, was the sub-
ject of comment yesterday, that in lieu of all
these allowances there should be given to these
officers thirty-three per cent, of their statute
salary, and to those of them who had quarters
furnished them, but not the other items which
I have enumerated, twenty per cent, of their
salary. That order has existed till this time,
and under it they have received the statute
salary and allowance for these items com-
