•3848
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
Drake, Harlan, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn. Bice,
Ross. Sawyor, Scott, Sprague. Stewart, Thayer,
Trumbull, Warner, and Williams—23.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Aines, Anthony,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cat-
tell, Conkling, Davis, Edmunds/Fenton, Ferry, Gil-
bert, Hamilton, of Texas, Hamlm, Harris, Howard,
Howell. Lewis, Morton, Norton, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pool. Bevels, Robertson, Saulsbury. Schurz, Spen-
cer, Stockton, Wiiley, and Wilson—33. .
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
state .that the Senator from Maine [Mr. Ham-
lin] was absent yesterday evening on account
of illness, and I presume he is now absent on
that same account. 1 -will state to the Senate,
in order tliat we may reach an arrangement,
if possible, that the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Harlan] is willing to come to an agreement
that we may take the vote at one o'clock to-
morrow, provided he can have twenty minutes
on the amendment for an extension of the
Capitol grounds, and I think we can make that
agreement by unanimous consent, and adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. Let us take a recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What is the
distinct proposition?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think we
can all agree to that, and then get the vote at
one o'clock to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator state his proposition ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is that we
lake the vote at one o'clock, with the excep-
tion of allowing the Senator from Iowa twenty
minutes on the amendment providing for the
extension of the Capitol grounds ; and I should
like to have five minutes to reply to his
remarks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will
do that. The proposition is that we agree to
vote at one o'clock without debate, except that
the Senator from Iowa is to have twenty min-
utes and the Senator from Vermont five min-
utes on that particular amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to have about five
minutes to reply to tho Senator from Illinois,
but I would rather take them now.
Mr. TRCJMBULL. And let the Senator from
Ohio have five minutes on the amendment in
regard to the female clerks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather reply now;
but I do not want to keep the Senate here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will include
five minutes more for the expedition to the north
pole. *
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then give me
five minutes to reply.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is impossi-
ble to transact business with a dozen gentlemen
addressing the Chair at tho same lime. The
Senator from Vermont proposes that tho vote
upon the amendments to this bill shall be taken
to morrow at halt' past one o'clock, giving
twenty minutes to the Senator from Iowa to
debate the question of the extension of the
Capitol grounds, and five minutes to himself
in reply. Is there objection to that proposition?
Mr. SUMNER. And also five minutes for
the amendment in regard to the expedition to
the north pole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to make a sug-
gestion.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
now take a recess until eight o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWE. I ask if there cannot be a
common understanding upon this ground: that
we proceed to vote at one o'clock to-morrow
upon the amendments pending and that may
be offered to the bill, allowing to any Senator
five minutes upon any amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a fair proposition.
Mr. DRAKE. I want to take a recess now.
Mr. HOWE. Audit'the Senator from Iowa
Wants twenty minutes on the particular amend-
ment which has been referred to, let him have
that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is better.
W,e can so6u dispose of the bill "with a five-
minute debate.
Mr. HARLAN. As it eeems to be the gen-
eral desire ta economize time, I will agree to
take ten minutes.
Mr. NYE. Yon cannot move a stone in that
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin proposes that to-morrow
at one o'clock the Senate commence to vote
on the pending amendments, and that each
Senator have five minutes, if he chooses, to
discuss each amendment. Is there any objec-
tion to that proposition ?
Several Senators. No, no; that is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection. It is agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 26,1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
homestead exemption in new mexico.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on the Territories
a bill for consideration at this time, to which I
am sure there will be no objection.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which it will bo in order to object to its
present consideration.
The bill was read, and provides that the fol-
lowing recited portion of a statute of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, approved February 2,
1865, namely:
" And no writ of execution shall, on any account,
bo executed on tho real estate of any person if there
bo no mortgage made by the husband and wife own-
ing said property; and tho mortgasro must have been
oxecutod with all the formalities required by law"—
shall be, and the same is hereby, disapproved
and declared null and void; provided that
there shall be exempt from levy and forced
sale, under any process or order of any court
of law or equity in said Territory, the lot or
parcel of ground and the buildings thereon
occupied as a residence and owned by the
debtor, being a householder and having a fam-
ily, to the value of $1,000 ; and if in the opin-
ion of the creditor the premises claimed by such
debtor as exempt are worth more than $1,000,
then it shall be lawful for the officer to adver-
tise and sell the said premises, and out of the
proceeds of such sale to pay to such creditor
the sum of $1,000, which shall be exemptfrom
execution for one year thereafter; and pro-
vided, also, that no sale shall be made unless
a greater sum than $1,000 shall he bid for said
premises.
Mr. CULLOM. All there is in this bill is
simply a provision to repeal that clause of the
law of the Territory of New Mexico that pro-
hibits an execution being levied upon land
owned by a debtor, except under certain cir-
cumstances, and also a provision reserving the
right to a homestead of $1,000 in value. The
Delegate from the Territory of New Mexico
[Mr. Chaves] is in favor of the passage of this
bill.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 2090) to disapprove and annul a portion
of a certain statute of the Territory of New
Mexico was received, and read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time. The bill
was then ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider thevote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLONEL L. C. IIOUCK.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2091) for the
relief of Colonel L. C. Houcb, of Tennessee;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred, with the accompanying papers, to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
wrecked and abandoned property.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
that the House, by unanimous consent, take
from the Speaker's table Senate amendments
to House joint resolution No. 178, that they
may be non-concurred in and a committee of
conference appointed. The title of the reso-
lution is, "joint resolution to enable the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to collect wrecked and
abandoned property, derelict claims and dues
belonging to the United States."
The amendments were read.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Where does
this bill come from ?
The SPEAKER. It is a joint resolution
originating in the House, returned by the Sen-
ate with amendments, and now on the Speaker's
table. The gentleman from Massachusetts
desires that the House non-concur in the
amendments, and appoint a committee of con-
feretice.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object until
I can understand better what the proposi-
tion is.
LAND DISTRICT IN COLORADO.
On motion of Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa,by unan-
imous consent, the bill (S. No. 177) creating
an additional land district in the Territory of
Colorado was taken from the Speaker's table
and read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read in full, provides that
all that portion of the Territory of Colorado
embraced m the following described limits shall
constitute a separate land district, to be called
the Arkansas valley land district,-the office of
which shall be located at such place in the dis-
trict as the President of the United States may
direct, which may be changed by him from time
to time as the public interest may require. The
limits of the district are defined as follows:
commencing at the eastern boundary of the
Territory at the intersection of the second cor-
rection line south, and running thence west on
that line to the line dividing ranges numbered
seventy-five and seventy-six west of the sixth
principal meridian; thence south with the range
line to the third correction line south ; thence
west on said line to the western boundary of
tho Territory; thence south to the southern
boundary of said Territory; thence east to the
eastern boundary of said Territory; thence
north to the place of beginning. The seco'nd
section provides that the President shall ap-
point, by and with the cousent of the Senate,
or in tho recess of the Senate, a register and
receiver of public moneys for the district,
which officers are to reside in the place where
the land office is located, and are to have the
same powers and receive the same emolu-
ments as the same officers now receive in the
land districts in the State of Nevada.
The bill wasordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
amendment of roles.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on the Rules to report the
following resolution, which I hope there will
be no objection to considering at the present
time:
Resolved, That Rule 123 bo amended by adding
thereto the following:
But before the question of concurrence is submit-
