4792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
at the mercy of the partisan power of the
dominant party in Congress for the time being.
If Congress can ^ construe the constitution and
laws of a State, its construction is without ap-
peal.^ If it decides that there shall be an elec-
tion in November next, and such law is within
the intent and meaning of the United States
Constitution in its grant of powers, it is final,
and such election must be held. If it decides
that such election shall be held in 1872, in
1874, in 1876, it is equally binding; for no
i tribunal on earth can overturn or subvert the
force and effect of an act of Congress within
the limits of the Constitution. Courts must
construe and declare it valid, and the Admin-
istration execute, and if either fail they are
derelict in duty and forsworn.
But, sir, the amendments and substitutes of
these gentlemen go further; they propose to
usurp and exercise the powers specially con-
ferred by the constitution of Georgia upon the
Legislature of that State in advance of any
action on the part of the Legislature, the gov-
ernment, or the people. It is taken for granted
that the Legislature of the State of Georgia,
immediately upon being admitted to the Union,
will declare a postponement of the election for
two years, and thereby legislate themselves
into office for that term ; and thereupon, on this
supposititious case, we are called upon to de-
clare the law if they should happen so to do.
We are called upon to usurp judicial functions
and decide without issue in fact or in law ; with-
outparties,plaintiff, ordefendant; withoutany-
thing upon which a court of judicature could
base a jurisdiction of the subject-matter.
There can be nothing more subversive of the
entire theory of our Government. Why, sir,
suppose the people of Georgia have provided
in and by their constitution in express terms
that the Legislature of that State may, if they
deem proper, postpone the election for mem-
bers of the Legislature for two years, what
power have we to change their fundamental law ?
. The constitution of Georgia is the expression
of the people, submitted to them and adopted
by their vote. It is their act. They studied that
document before its adoption with far more
attention than we have ever given to the^ sub-
ject. Its provisions affect the daily life ol'
every citizen of the State, no matter how hum-
ble his lot may be. The subject to us is merely
a passing policy. The State is not represented
on this floor; and I, coming from a State long
unrepresented in Congress, know the difficulty
of impressing members from other States with
the actual state of affairs in the South. They
cannot conceive the atrocities, and therefore
do not believe the reports.
But it is said the Constitution does not con-
tain such authority. What, then, I ask, the
necessity for the proviso? In either event,
whether it does or does not, whether the power
be granted in express terms, in a vague or
uncertain manner, or not at ail, the whole sub-
ject is within the jurisdiction of the courts; can
be brought before them by process of law, and
not only the provisions of the Constitution
defined and declared, but our action in the
premises reviewed, and if found illegal can be
constitutionally and lawfully set pside and
declared null and void. The legislative depart-
ment makes the law, the courts of judicature
declare them, and from their decision there
can be no appeal. But, sir, it is claimed that
Congress has the power under the Constitution
to fix the time for the election in the State of
Georgia. Admitting the power, T implore the
Republicans of this House to shape their legis-
lation in the interest of the loval men of Geor-
gia, whose daily life is as dangerous as a great
batt'le, rather than in the interestof the Democ-
lat-y. filled with the instincts and hatred of the
Sir, we are so accustomed to hearing the
Democracy prate their love to the Constitution,
ti>ui. we fovuet that in the State of Georgia l hat
„at:v is composed of the very men why a lew
\eais Miiee bought to destroy the Government,
to deface and defile the Constitution, and for
four long years trailed our flag in dust and
blood. We forget that the love of the Democ-
racy of that State for the Constitution of our
common country is compounded of a righteous
fear of punishment for crime committed, and
a dull desperate hatred of the loyal liepublican
party. Sir, when we come to vote upon the
passage of this measure I hope the cry of
joy and exultation of the Democratic party of
Georgia, its press and its people, which sprang
forth responsive to the passage of the Bingham
amendment, maybe written upon the heart and
mind of the liepublican Representatives as a
warning of what will be if the Democracy of
Georgia be allowed again to place its heel upon
the necks of the negro and the few whites com-
posing the Republican party of that State. I
hope they will remember the cry of lamentation
and protest from the Republicans, and I call
upon the liepublican members of the South,
who know as fact what these men of the North
cannot conceive, to stand by their brethren in
Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I affirm that all the troubles
growing out of and connected with the recon-
struction of the southern States have been
created by false issues raised between the
Government and the people of those Stales,
by designing, ignorant, or malicious persons.
Sir, any one who, like myself, was in the
South at the close of the war, and remained
there afterward, will confirm my assertion that
at and after the close of the war the people
of the South, soldier and civilian—and 1 say
it to their honor, and not to their shame—
were ready and willing to receive and accept
any terms which the goodness and mercy of
the Government might extend toward them
as repentant rebels. I aver this, sir, I repeat,
not to the dishonor of the South. To use a
common phrase, they " accepted the situa-
tion." The spirit of the South was never
broken. The glory and power of our arms
crushed and destroyed their armies and over-
whelmed their people ; but the individual sol-
dier and citizen of the South stood up in Lis
native American manhood, unconquered and
unsubdued, and like men they recognized the
result of their great " wager of battle," and
were willing to submit to the terms of the con-
queror. 1 believe, sir, if Andrew Johnson, on
the 1st day of May, 1865, had submitted to
the southern Stales the adoption of the thir-
teenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth amendments
to the Constitution of the United States as the
only terms upon which they might reestab-
lish their relations with the b'ederal Govern-
ment,, the white citizens of the South would
have adopted those provisions of their own
freewill; but, sir, it was not to be, and the
President adopted that anomaly in statesman-
ship, the reconstruction of those States upon
a plan declared by its author lobe an " experi-
ment," but which necessarily and inevitably
became and was the " policy " of the Admin-
istration.
Sir, the people of the South never under-
stood the policy of Andrew Johnson in the
establishment of his provisional governments
to be an •'experiment." As sensible men they
knew that government and history were made
up of fact, and that experiments in the govern-
ment of a people become history and fact.
They believed honestly and in good faith the
unauthorized and illegal establishment of pro-
visional governments in the South, whose offi-
cers, under the very proclamation establishing
them, should be old citizens, and none other,
without any regard to the course they pursued
or the cause they espoused during the war, as
the final solution of all questions arising out
of the great rebellion. They accepted it as
such. They would have acquiesced if other
and harder conditions had been imposed. But
as these terms were to be the finality of the
great question, tiiey seized upon them, and joy
and wonder, and wonder beyond joy, filled the
heaiu and minds of the people.
Sir, thus it was that a false issue was raised
between the people of the South and the peo
pie of the North, which, deepened, widened,
and strengthened by prejudice and passion,
only increased as time went o-n. Sir, the
people of the North never sustained the pol-
icy of Andrew Johnson, never believed in its
legality, never believed in his authority to
establish such provisional governments, never
accepted them as the final solution of the rebel-
lion. lie had no such authority. His procla-
mations were illegal; his governments weie a
fallacy ; his statesmanship a farce. The South
believed in Andrew Johnson, believed in his
authority, believed in his proclamations, in his
provisional governors, and in the feet of the
actual establishment of civil government within
their borders.
Thus it was, sir, when Congress, tardy almost
to supincness, under the leadership of that
man greater than ail, now gone to his reward,
passed the reconstruction acts, believing them-
selves to be restored to all the privileges and
immunities of citizens of the United States;
believing that those acts were oppressive, ille-
gal, and void ; believing that they sprang from
improper and not from patriotic motives; be-
lieving them to embody the sedimental hatred
engendered by a long, bitter, and bloody civil
war, the people of the South resisted the law
as ail mi warrantable invasion of their rights.
Sir, the law as far as it went was right and
just; the resistance cruel, inhuman, and devil-
ish. 1 do not wish to apologize for the error
or justily the crimes of the southern Democ-
racy ; but I do wish to protest against the raising
of a false issue in this House, which in Georgia
will inevitably result in adding another page to
the history of crime, cruelty, and bloodshed of
the past five ) ears,
1 do not inlend to follow up ail the acts of
Congress upon the subject of reconstruction
and their effect, but will confine myself to
such laws as will show my individual views of
the case. Tho preamble of the law passed
.March '2, 1807, is as follows:
"Whereas nolcgti} government or adequate protec-
tion for fife or property now exists in tlic rebel States
of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Geor-
gia, Mift3ir,Mpm>Alabama, Louisiana, Florida, Texas,
and Arkansas; ami whereas it is neees?ary tnn.t
peace ami good order should be enforced in said
Ktat.es until loyal and i-epublic.ui State governments
can ho established: Therefore,
" JJc it cnactcd, d c. "
The sixth section reads:
"Ami be iffur/Jict' cnncf <l, That until tho people of
said rebel States shall be by law admitted to repre-
sentation in the Congress of tho United .States any
civil governments which may exist therein shall be
deemed provisional only, and in all respecis subject
to the para,mount authority of the United States at
any lime to abolish,modity, control, or supersede ilio
same."
Wo thus fix two points, one of fact and one
of Jaw, namely, first, that the State of Georgia
on 2darch 2, 1807, had no legal government;
second, that upon compliance with the terms
of the act approved by Congress, of the consti-
tution and form of government thereunder, and
the admission of the States to representation
in Congress, the government so established
became lawful, and only subject to the para-
mount, authority of the Consi itution of the Uni-
ted States. Several acts in reference to the
rebel States and the manner of their recon-
struction were passed subsequently, butnoneof
them ever interfered with cither of the prop-
ositions mentioned ; and although in chrono-
logical order of enactment the latter point is
in advance of much legislation on the subject,
these two clauses are the first and the la<*t
propositions of the whole Republican t'aeoiy
of reconstruction._ Prior to their euactmei t
we have the rebellion as the basis'of the first
proposition. 1 hat it destroved all lawful gov-
ernment in the several States referred to it is
now too late to deny.
Il, subsequent to the passage of the several
acl.s known as the reconstruction laws, and in
aecoid„nce nith those acts, the people of any
oi the btates thuiem mentioned orgatsia<i(t a
