1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
other bureaus of the Navy Department. But
the Committee on Appropriations thought it
was better in the first place to make an appro-
priation to supply the deficiency in these two
bureaus of such a sum as may be proper for
the exigencies of those bureaus, and then if
there were any unneeded balances to the ac-
count of the other bureaus they should be kept
distinct from these and transferred to the Treas-
ury of the United States. Therefore, instead
of reporting a bill transferring to these two
bureaus balances of former appropriations
made for the other bureaus, the committee
have directed me to report a bill making an
appropriation direct from the Treasury to
supply the deficiency.
The appropriation which the Committee on
Appropriations have recommended in this bill
is $3,000,000instead of $4,000,000, the amount
asked for. I will state to the House as wellas
I may the precise condition of affairs in these
two bureaus. At the commencement of the
present fiscal year the Bureau of Construc-
tion and Repair had on hand the sum of
$1,767,808 10 unexpended of former appro-
priations. In addition to this there was appro-
priated for the year $2,500,000, making a total
to the account of that bureau at the commence-
ment of the year of $4,267,808 10. In the
Bureau of Steam-Engineering there was on
hand at that date $270,032 13, and there was
appropriated in addition $660,000, making a
total of $920,032 18. Thus we have to the
account of these two bureaus on the 1st of July
last a total of $5,187,'840 28.
This money has been expended in repairing,
refitting, and altering the vessels of the Navy.
Eighty naval vessels have been upon the stocks
for this purpose, a part of which have been
completely repaired; some of them have been
altered, and others are in process of repair.
Since the 4th of March last there have been
employed in these two bureaus of the Navy
Department between five and six thousand
men—nearly six thousand. In all the bureaus
of all the yards there have been employed
upon work of the Navy since the 4th of March
last about twelve thousand men; but in these
two bureaus the number employed has been a
little less than rax thousand. The question
before the committee was whether they would,
by an appropriation of $4,000,000, not only
sanction but rornish the means for this enlarged
work upon the ships of the Navy and this putting
in commission or a larger number than were in
that condition at the commencement of the
year or have been at any time since the close
of the war. It has been the policy of the Navy
Department to put in commission as many as
possible of these vessels. It is asserted on
behalf of that Department that a number of
these vessels were found on the 4th of last
March to be very much out of repair and going
to decay, so that early repairing was a saving
of money; that if they were to be repaired at
all and fitted ready for commission, it could be
done more cheaply at once than at any future
time.
With that view and in pursuance of that
policy, the Navy Department has employed a
much larger number of men than were em-
ployed prior to the 4th of March last; it has
gone on upon an enlarged scale in doing work
which the Department alleges ought to have
been done in repairing current decay and the
wear and tear that has been incurred during
past years. The Department claims to have
employed these men at a much less expend-
iture of money pro rata than has been custom-
ary heretofore.
I think I have thus fairly stated the position
of the Navy Department. On the other hand
it is the opinion of the committee—I will not
say that in this I represent the entire commit-
tee—that there is no occasion for so large an
°u •moneJ- A® I have heretofore said on
this floor, we believe that in a time of peace,
when there is not only no war but no prospect
of war, it is better for the country that many
of these ships should not be repaired at all;
that this large amount of money should not be
expended for purposes which yield no present
good, and which the future may prove to be
entirely useless. But inasmuch as this policy
has been adopted by the Navy Department, as
a large number of men are engaged in this
work, as many of these ships are partly repaired
and unfinished, we did not feel at liberty to
urge an immediate reversal of the present
policy.
We thought it better to curtail rather than
j to reverse; and with this view we declined to
report a bill appropriating $4,000,000. I am
permitted by the committee to state that per-
sonally I was in favor of appropriating a smaller
sum than that reported in the bill. A majority
of the committee, however, were ill favor of
the sum reported, and I have been instructed
by them to submit the bill for the consideration
of the House. While I have the right to state
ray own personal views, I Bhall endeavor to be
faithful to the committee in the advocacy of
this bill. So far as regards the sum fixed, it
is the bill of a majority of the committee; and
the members of the committee were unanimous
in the opinion that some appropriation ought
to be made.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. DAWES. For how long ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot fix the time,
but not long.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman desire
to occupy my time, or does he desire to take
the floor in his own right ? If possible I should
like to hold control of the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I only desire five minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I ■will yield first to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts how many men
were employed in the various navy-yards at
the incoming of the present Administration,
and what has been the increase since then? He
stated to the House there are twelve thousand
men now employed in the various navy-yards
in the country. I wish him to give as a com-
parison between then and now, for the purpose
of showing us what has been the increase.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I am unable
to tell the precise number employed in the
various navy-yards at the commencement of
this Administration. I will state to the gen-
tleman there are a great many more now, or
were before this order was issued, than on the
1st of March, 1869. The whole number in all
the navy-yards is about twelve thousand, and
about six thousand are employed under these
two bureaus; but exactly how many are em-
ployed in the whole Navy, or under these two
bureaus, I «m not able to answer.
Mr. RANDALL. I will answer in part the
question I put to the gentleman. When Mr.
Borie went into office as Secretary of the
Navy he found employed at the Philadelphia
navy-yard between eight and nine hundred
men. Immediately on taking that position,
of within a month afterward, the force in
that navy-yard was increased to twenty-five
hundred men, without any public necessity
for it whatever; and the men who are there
now are really in each other's way. In my
judgment, sir, there is no justification for
this appropriation to the extent which is
asked. The gentleman himself admits—and I
am surprised that he advocates the passage
of this bill—that there is no public necessity
for this large public expenditure. It is my
belief, sir, that if these ships had been burned
and destroyed, it would in the end have been
better and more economical for the Govern-
ment, in view of any continuance of this ex-
travagance on the part of the navy-yard.
" Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Missouri.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move, as an amend-
ment tp the first item of this appropriation,
$600,000 instead of $1,060;000, and to the
second to substitute $1,000,000, which will
have the effect to reduce this appropriation
one half. The chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations has informed us that there
were appropriated for these two bureaus for
the present fiscal year something over five
million dollars.
That, sir, was a very large amount of money
for two bureaus of the Navy Department in
time of peace ; a larger amount by far than
ever before was available in time of peace for
the use of these two bureaus of the Navy.
We appropriated at the last session of the
Fortieth Congress, for the Bureau of Steam
Engineering $650,000, which, with the balance
on hand, left for the use of that bureau nearly
one million dollars at the beginning of this
fiscal year. It seems all that money has been
expended. Not only that, but the appropri-
ation of over five million dollars for the Bureau
of Steam Engineering and the Bureau of Con-
struction and Repair has all been expended,
every dollar of it, although there are five
months still remaining of the present fiscal
year. We are now asked for an appropriation
of $3,000,000 in addition, which, if granted
will make over eight million dollars for thes
two bureaus in one year.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am not aware of any
thing in our foreign relations which requires
at our hands so large an appropriation of
public money. Indeed, the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, who has investi-
gated the matter and given the House on other
occasions bis views on the whole subject, is
himself of opinion that there is nothing in the
affairs of the Government at this time re-
quiring this large expenditure of public money
for the purpose intended. Now, then, gen-
tlemen fall back upon the other proposition,
or idea, or reason which was given by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
when he asked permission to bring in this bill:
a large number of persons were to be thrown
out of employment unless this appropriation
waB made. To that I reply that it is not avail-
able as an argument with me why we should
make this appropriation, that men are to be
thrown out of employment. Is it the duty of
the Government to afford employment to every
idle man in the country, without reference to
the exigencies or necessities of the public
service ? I deny it; for such is not the duty,
nor is it the-policy of the Government. I take
it such is not and should not be the policy.
This impropriation, I believe, stands upon that
ground, and that ground alone. I apprehend
there is not a gentleman in this House that will
rise in his place and say that the Government
of the United States requires, in view of any-
thing that is apparent upon the surface now,
the expenditure of $8,000,000'in one year for
steam engineering and for the construction
and repair of vessels.
Mr. Speaker, I might give many other reasons
why this amount should be cut down, or indeed
why it should not be appropriated at all; but
I propose to test the sense of the House by
asking that the amount be reduced one half.
That, with the amountwhich has been expended
during the year, will amountito something over
six million five hundred thousand dollars,
which, as I said before, is a larger amount
than was ever expended by this Government
for that purpose in time of peace.
Mr. M AYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me while I ask him a question ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man how he supposes we could recognize the
belligerent attitude of the revolutionists in the
neighboring island of Cuba unless we were
prepared to assert that recognition by our naval
power if it were called in question? I would
ask, with the agitation of that question which
we now witness on this floor and through the
country, is it prudent, is it wise for the Navy
Department to let our naval force lie dormant
and unprepared for any emergency while the
