1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Postal Telegraph—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. op Beps.
hundred miles having been added in the mean
time. The experience of Switzerland has been
equally or more remarkable. In 18C7, under
the tariff of one franc, the internal messages
for the first eleven months of the year amounted
to 739,107, while for the corresponding months
of 1868, under the tariff of half a franc, the
internal messages reached 1,479,304, and the
postalmoney orders transmitted bytelegraph for
the first ten months under the reduced tariff
reached 4,973, against 2,182 for the same months
under the old tariff of the preceding year.
These astonishing results were all accom-
plished without any considerable extension of
telegraph line.
In France the same system of governmental
management prevailsasinBelgium andSWitzer-
land. There were in 1867 1,486 telegraph
stations; of that number 355 collected less than
200 francs, or $40, a year each; 247 less than
500 francs, or $100; 229 less than 1,000 francs,
or $200; 455 less than 5,000 francs, or $1,000.
The department of the Seine, which includes
Paris and numbers 47 stations within the
fortifications, collected 3,200,000 francs, or
more than one third of the whole empire.
Every branch of the public service is in imme-
diate connection with the telegraph, and the
Government is thereby carried on with great
efficiency and at reduced cost.
I have been greatly indebted to George
Sauer, esq., an American gentleman residing
in Paris, and formerly United States consul at
Brussels and more recently one of the pro-
moters of the French Atlantic cable, for many
of my facts in regard to European telegraphy.
I have received from him a translation of the
international telegraph treaty concluded in
Paris, May 17,1865, between France, Austria,
Baden, Bavaria, Belgium, Denmark, Spain,
Greece, the free city of Hamburg, Hanover,
Italy, Holland, Portugal, Prussia, Hussia,
Saxony, Sweden and Norway, Switzerland,
Turkey, and Wurtemberg. A table of rates
taken therefrom I will append to my remarks :
also, a comparative statement of the tariffs of
telegraphic messages in France, Belgium,
Prussia, and Switzerland, showing at this time
a uniform rate for all distances of one franc in
France and half a franc in Switzerland and
Belgium, and from twelve and a half to thirty-
«even and a half cents in Prussia. I will also
append other tables showing the progress of
telegraphy in Europe. I am also indebted to
General John A. Dix, late United States min-
ister to France, for a very interesting letter
from Pinard, French minister of the interior,
which I will append.
As an authoritative statement of the cost of
telegraphing in the continental countries of
Europe and in Great Britain, I quote from the
testimony of Mr. Scudamore before the com-
mittee of Parliament, July 1, 1868, in answer
to question 48, that in Great Britain " the 100
mile rate is one shilling ; over 100 miles, one
shilling sixpence ; beyond 200 miles in Great
Britain, two shillings ; and for messages from
Great Britain to Ireland as a general rule, (there
are some exceptions,) four shillings.
" Question 49. I believe you are proposing to have
a uniform rate, ono shilling, everywhere?
'^Answer. A maximum rate of one shilling.
" Question 50. Just as the postage is a uniform rate
of one penny; upon the same principle?
t'Answcr. Yes.
'"Question 61. That is the maximum rate?
Answer. Yes; it maybe reduced hereaftsr,in-
cluding Ireland.
" Question52. Istliatforamessageoftwenty words?
Anncsr. Yes; twenty words and the address
unlimited.
" Question 51. Arc you cncouraged to that by finding
a nmtonn rato on tho continent?
_ "Answer. In four continental States there is a uni-
form rate. In Denmark it is ninopence; in the
Netherlands, sixty-three centimes, (twelve cents;}
■  r"l Holo-inm ntii! rr/wi n ti ri A. „ «
sage from one to another part of the same depart-
ment, the rate is one franc for twenty words, inclus-
ive of the address; and for a message from any place
in any department to any place in the other depart-
ments, without regard to distance, two francs: the
reduction of these rates to half a franc and a franc
respectively, at an early date, has been authorized
by the French Chamber. (Reduced to one franc for
any distance November 1,1869.) I ought to say, in
justice to the telegraph companies, that the charge
for telegraphic messages on the Continent is in no
ease exclusive of the address."
How well this statement sustains the state-
ment of. the committee, that telegraphing in
this country is cheaper than in any other coun-
tries, will be apparent to all. The system here-
tofore prevailing in Great Britain was similar
to ours, and the business in the hands of
several rival companies, yet a dispatch of
twenty words, exclusive of address, may be
sent from Plymouth to Inverness, about seven
hundred miles, for two shillings, or fifty cents
in gold. To send a message of twenty words
a like distance from Washington by the West-
ern Union to points on that line where there is
no rival line will cost on an average $2 90, as
the following table shows :
Dispatch of twenty words
from Washington to—
Farmington, Maine 
Montpelier. Vermont 
Lancaster, New Hampshire-
Adrian, Michigan 
Bellefontaine, Ohio 
Centreville, Indiana 
Charleston, South Carolina-
Savannah, Georgia 
Miles
distance.
Cost.
659
$2 70
569
3 00
583
3 30
064
2 77
600
2 70
659
2 77
587
3 00
691
3 00
give the exact proportion,) sixpence; for a distance
exceeding (  JJnghsh mile-; nnd m.t exoeedms 21U
miles, one shilling; and for distances exceeding
miles, one shilling ?Wpen'-e Til fov •> mc1*-
Or an average of $2 90.
But notwithstanding the moderate charges
of the British telegraph as compared with ours,
the idea of taking possession of it by the Gov-
ernment and operating it in connection with the
post office department has long been entertained
there by many persons well informed in tele-
graphy, and until finally the Chambers of Com-
merce of thirty prominent cities of the kingdom
memorialized the House of Commons in favor
of the measure.
This memorial set forth that the petitioners
had " reason to complain not only of the high
rates charged by the existing companies for
the transmission of messages, of frequent and
vexatious delays in the delivery, and of their
inaccurate rendering, but that many important
towns, and even whole districts, are unsupplied
with the means of telegraph communication."
The memorial was referred by the House of
Commons to a " select committtee on the elec-
tric telegraph bill," and in July, 1803, that
committee made a very lengthy investigation
of the whole question. A great number of wit-
nesses, both friendly and unfriendly to the
scheme, were called and examined. Among
them Mr. Scudamore, one of the secretaries ot
the British post office, who was examined at
great length and successfully met all objections
that could be urged against the measure. 1
should say here that the success of this measure
iu Great Britain was greatly due to that gentle-
man.
The subject was brought to the notice of
Lord Stanley of Alderly, postmaster general
in 1805, by the Edinburgh Chamber of Com-
merce, and he thereupon directed Mr. Scuda-
more "to inquire and report whether in his
opinion the electric telegraph service might be
beneficially worked by the post office," &c.^
The report of Mr. Scudamore, made in I860,
I have before me. It is a very able and con-
clusive paper, in which the advantages of the
proposed change are abundantly shown. A
supplementary report, made in February, 1868,
to the Earl of Montrose, then postmaster gen-
eral, was transmitted by him to the House of
Lords in a communication from which I ex-
tract the following:
'' In tho inclosed repoi t, and that which preceded it
fre'uient 1'cteveucc is made to the manner m wmeh
the tolegiaph systems of Belgium and Switzerland
have h*en framed and maintained by the post ofiicos
'wtulriei. Tho example ot the colony of
"Victoria might, however, have been cited with equal
propriety; for in that colony tho telegraph has long
been worked by the post office, and with such suc-
cess that although the charges for transmission aro
high, the proportion of telegrams to letters is as high
as m Belgium. There is, indeed, nothing new m
the proposed scheme. Of its various parts gmIi
has been tried, and tried with success, either in Bel-
gium, in Switzerland, in France, or a British colony;
and taking into account the greater wealth and com-
mercial activity of the United Kingdom, X seo no
reason to doubt that tho schemo as a wholo will bo
equally successful here/' «■ * * *
'Your lordships will readily perceivc that such
a system, besides facilitating social intercourse,
strengthening and multiplying the relations between
theinhabitantsof different districts, and stimulating
thegrowth of tradeand commerce,'will also strengthen
the country from hostility from without and aid in
the maintaining of law and order within the kingdom.
The chancellor of the exchequer, 011 moving
for leave to introduce the bill, said :
"Wo were in the habit in this country of leaving
to private enterprise the administration of internal
affairs, the exception to the rulo being that of postal
communication. With the consent and approbation
of the country this was a monopoly in the hands of
the Government; and hosubmittedthat telegraphic
communication and postal communication might be
considered as coming within the same category, as
both provided for correspondence between persons
at a distance, and tho only difference was iuthomodo
of communication. It would be admitted as a gen-
eral principle thatthemonopoly which had succeeded
so well in regard to the conveyance of letters might
be expected to succeed equally as well in a more rapid
method of communication. He was not aware of any
objection to monopoly in one caso which would not
hold good in tho other. In reply to thoso who asked
for what reason tho change wasproposed, hereplied,
first, that this country was behind others in tho mat-
ter of telegraphic communications. The proportion
of telegrams to letters was far less in this country
than in Belgium and Switzerland. In 18G0in Bel-
gium the proportion was 1 telegram to 218 letters:
in Switzerland it was 1 to 84; and in the United
Kingdom it was 1 to 296. In 1863 tho proportions
were: in Belgium 1 to 114; in Switzerland 1 to 74;
in the United Kingdom 1 to 197. In 1800 they were:
in Belgium 1 to 37; in Switzerland lto69; and in
the United Kingdom 1 to 121. Tho increased pro-
portion of telegrams to letters in Belgium in 1863 was
attributable to a reduction of tho tariff from ono and
a half francs to ono franc; and tho further increaso in
186(5 was due to a reduction of charge from one franc
to half a franc per message.
" These ligures showed that we had been suffering
herefrom a high rate for telegraphic communication.
It we were equally favored in tho matter of charges,
the probability wai thatour proportion of telograms
to letters would be largely increased, especially as
wo were moro likely to use the telegraphic com-
munication within our reach, because the longer
distances in this country would represent a greater
saving of time in telegraphy as compared with com-
munication by letter. Our prc?cnt system did nut
prive eaiif faction to tho commercial world. Last year
a deputation from the Associated Chambers of Com-
merce waited upon the postmaster general and him-
self at tho treasury to present a memorial upon this
subject, and they had also petitioned tho House of
Commons. They complained of high rates, vex-
atious delays, tho inaccuratc rendering of message^,
and tho nbsenco of telegraphic communication in
wholo districts. The rales for messages wero as fol-
lows: 300 miles and under, Is. for 20 words; from 1
to 200 miles, 1*. 0d.; over 20()milcs, 2?.; between Great,
Biitain and Ireland, 4.9. In other countries the lates
for 20 words were as follows: France, 000 miles, Is.
8c/.; Prussia,11HJ miles,Belgium,lOOmiles,0d.;
Switzerland, 200 miles, 6d. Uiuler thepresentsystem
ot private admin istration in this country there was lit-
tle prospcetof much reductionin rates. Thero were
1'oiu telegraph companies which had to pay dividends
to shareholders, besides railway companies which
conveyed messages. Thocost of working the telegraph
system was greater than it would be it it were in one
hand, that of the State; and if the system of tele-
graphing wero made the monopoly of the postmaster
general he would bcablo to work at lower rates than
tlic companies"
The proposition was resisted with great
energy by the English companies, and almost the
same arguments were made use of by tbem as
by the Western Union Company. Jt was said
by the companies that Switzerland and Bel-
gium were so unlike the United Kingdom that
they afforded no example to be followed, and
besides that the rate of speed by telegraph 111
those countries was such ns would not be tol-
erated in Great Britain. Both these reasons
were fully answered, and it was shown that a
large country was much more favorable to
development of the telegraph than a small one,
and that so far aa speed and prompt delivery
were concerned little was left to be desired
either in Switzerland or Belgium.
It was further said that—
" The extension to asy considerable number of
