1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1961
after—I may state him a little broadly, but that
is the spirit of it—that the mission of the Demo-
cratic party hereafter was to uphold and take
care of the rights of that very class of the com-
munity ; they must draw the colored voters to
them, not exactly by stings and whips of scor-
pions and crowns of thorns, not by burning
down their little cabins and driving off their
wives and children, but by giving them the
rights that belong to equal citizens of a free
Republic.
1 honor the sentiment, and when the Dem-
ocratic party come up to that standard it will
be a great improvement. And they are com-
ing, and I venture to predict that you will find
in the next ten years, in the elections of tho
South, instead of the negro being driven away
from the polls, instead of poor white men being
driven away from the polls, the contest will be
as it is in the free States of the North, as to
which party can get the most voters to the polls
by suitable inducements. I do not mean " suit-
able induccm ents' '.in the western sense exactly,
but inducements that appeal to a man's proper
consideration of the way he ought to vote.
There is the hope for us. It is not in coer-
cive legislation. It is not in shutting up our
eyes to what we have done. It is not in dis-
abilities, as my friend from Connecticut [Mr.
Ferry] suggests; and he is right. It is not in
legislation which stultifies all that we have
done before. But it is, now that the war is'
over, and now that the rights of this race and
of the whole race are secured under this last
amendment, it is in appealing to the principle
of equal rights in all States. Standing upon
that and legislating in accordance with that, the
Republican party will have a long reign before
the Democrats come in.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. DRAKE. Before that motion is put I
wish to submit an amendment to the Georgia
bill for the purpose of having it printed.
The proposed amendment was received in-
formally, and ordered to be printed.
FIFTEENTH CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
take this occasion to lay before the Senate a
message which has been received from the
President of the United States.
The message was read, as follows:
To the Senate of the United States :
I transmit a report from the Secretary of State in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 3d in-
stant asking to be informed what States hare rati-
fied the amendment known as the fifteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States, so far
as official notieethereof has been transmitted to the
Deparrment of State, and that information from
time to time may be communicated to that body as
soon as practicable of such ratification hereatter by
any State, ^ ^ GaANT-
"Washington, March 15, 1870.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, the message
was referred to the Committee on tne Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
message i'koji tub housk-
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (II. R. No.
1536) to admit the State of Texas to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States ;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
reque.st.ed.
HOUSE BILL KEPJiRKEl).
The bill (H. R. No. 1538) to admit the State
of Texas to representation in the Congress of
the United States was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
r.XECDTIVE SESSION.
Un motion of Mr. MORTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and alter some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 15, 1870.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bdtlee.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.1
okdee of business.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a privileged
question.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the deficiency bill.
Mr. ARNELL. I hope the gentleman will
let us have a morning hour.
The SPEAKER.' The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations cannot take the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin} off the
floor, which he holds on a question of, privi-
lege, to make a motion to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, before
the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. I do not want to press the
deficiency bill unreasonably upoa the House.
I have stated to the House the reasons why it
should be speedily passed. If the House does
not choose to go on with the bill the respons-
ibility is not upon me. I have no personal
feeling about it whatever, but I do not think I
shall feel like pressingthe bill further upon the
House if they decline to take it up. It will
take all to-day evidently to finish the bill if we
commence now. I therefore think the House
ought to take it up now. I will not repeat the
reasons which I have heretofore stated to the
House why the bill ought to be passed at once,
but if the House will not proceed with the bill,
I shall feel that I have discharged my duty, and
that the House do not care to consider the
deficiency bill any longer.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to call up the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
pension bill was referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions. I appreciate the anxiety of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions to get the deficiency bill through ; but I
am so pressed by pensioners and others in all
parts of the country to secure action on the
pension bill that I conceive it to be my duty
to avail myself of any advantage I may have
from its position as a privileged question. I
shall therefore insist on its consideration now.
Mr. DAWES. There is only one thing more
that I desire to say which I have not said over
and over again. It is that the 4th of March
having passed, there are no payments of pen-
sions to be made before September next. But
it is different with the deficiency bill, as gen-
tlemen will understand in the course of two
weeks, if it does not become a law. I do not
feel that I am called upon to repeat again what
I have so often said; I have no personal desire
about the matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to ask unanimous
consent of the House to have taken from the
Speaker's table, out of its order, the funding
bill for reference.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bexjamin] yield for thatpurpose ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will.
FUNDING BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that Senate bill No.
380 be taken from the Speaker's table out of
its order.
The title of tho bill was read, namely, a bill
(S. No. 380) to authorize the refunding and
consolidation of the national debt, to extend
banking facilities, and to establish specie pay-
ments.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up and read a first and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that this bill be
printed and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
the motion to refer, so that the bill may be re-
ferred to the Committee on Banking and Car
rency ; audi desire to say that the Committee
on Banking and Currency have had under con-
sideration tor some weeks two bills embracing
the precise questions involved in this bill. In
addition to that I would say that this bill pro-
poses utterly to change and revolutionize the
entire national banking system of the United
States. ■
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot yield longer if
this subject is to lead to much debate.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is too lata for the
gentleman to object now..
The SPEAKER. The gentleman yielded
without condition when the Chair asked the
question, and he cannot now impose condi-
tions.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This bill pro-
poses to entirely revolutionize the whole subject
of the national banking system of the United
States, its provisions applying to every bank
now in existence and every bank hereafter to
be organized. It also proposes, to change a
large portion of the old currency system of the
United States. It does not propose to increase
the public debt by a dollar. It does not pro-
vide means for borrowing money to carry on
the Government. It is not a matter of ways
and means for carryiug oti the Government.
It amounts to nothing in the world in that direc-
tion but .changing the form of the securities
of the United States. The Committee of
Ways and Means have in charge the entire
tax system of the United States; the whole
tariff system, and the whole internal revenue
system. I concede at once that if we were
short, and were compelled to borrow money
to carry on the Government, not receiving
enough from taxation, the question shonld
properly go to the Committee of Ways and
Means. But here is a bill that covers the
entire subject assigned to the Committee on
Banking antl Currency. Two similar bills
have already been referred to our committee ;
we have been employed for several weeks in
studying and considering this subject, and it
seems to me but the simple, natural way
that this bill should go to the Committee on
Banking and Currency. I should be very
sorry to have any conflict with my colleague
[Mr. Schenok] in regard to the reference of
this bill. I have made this statement to show
the nature of this bill, and will nov/ leave the
House to determine to which committee the
bill shall be referred.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman answer
a question ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly, if I
can.
Mr. NIBLACK. If the gentleman feels a;
liberty to make any statement in regard to the
matter, I would feel very much obliged to him,
and I think the country would like to have the
information, if he will state whether, in view
of his investigation of this currency question,
and the attention given to it by the Committee
on Banking and Currency, there is any reason-
able prospect of the volume of currency being
increased during the present session of Con-
gress?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would not
consider it proper, nor would I feel authorized
to make any statement in regard to what tlie
Committee on Banking and Currency propose
to report at this session of Congress. But this
I will say, that for two weeks the Committee
on Banking and Currency have had under con •
sideration this specific point, how they can
best meet the very general demand, especially
of the West and South, for enlarged facilities
for banking. That specific question is now
under discussion by the committee, and they
hope very soon to be able to report upon th"
subject. We consider the question of a foau at
a lower rate of interest as indispensaoiy ana
necessarily connected with the proposition to
increase banking facilities, that the two nm.-.t
eo together; and we would be utterly unao.e
to report a bill on that subject which cud no.
include a bond at a lower rate of interest, on
