1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4793
State government by the formation, ratifica-
tion, and adoption of a constitution republican
in form ; if Congress, upon the submission of
such constitution in accordance with those
laws, approved the constitution so submitted ;
and if Congress furthermore, as provided in
section six of the act of March 2, 1867, by law
admitted such State to representation upon its
floors, then, sir, I submit and affirm that that
State became a State within the Federal Union
and entitled to all the reserved rights, powers,
authority, and immunities of any or all of the
other States; if not, the whole of the recon-
struction system is a farce, a fraud, a sham,
and a shame. Governments are bound by their
pledges, legally and morally, the same as indi-
viduals ; and no man can deny that the act of
March 2, 1807, and acts supplemental thereto,
while they declare the duty and method of
reconstruction, do equally, expressly and by
intendment, pledge the Government to the
admission of the State upon compliance with
the law. Let us, therefore, in dealing with the
case of Georgia, follow th  law to its legiti-
mate conclusions. The State of Georgia did
comply with all the provisions of the aet of
March 2,1867, and all acts amendatory thereto ;
and on ihe 28th of June, 1868, Congress passed
an enabling act, as follows:
"V/bereasthe people of North Carolina, South Car-
olina, Louisiana, (Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
Kive in pursuance of an act entitled 'An act for the
more efficient govei nment of the rebel States,' passed
March 2,1.^67, and the aet^ supplementary thereto,
irametl eonstitutionsoi'StJte government winch are
republican, and have adopted said constitutions by
laise majorities of the votes ea^fc at the elections
hcld,fi>r the ratification or rejection of the same:
'f iieftlore,
" //'; i! (aarlprt bij the S- j/ 'tlr and House of J'epretenla-
iio> •> of the United Sfal"? of America in (Jonnrr<s osteal-
b'al, That each of tbese States of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and
f hoida. &ha)l be entitled and admitted to represent-
ation in Congress a? a .State of the Union when the
Legislature of such State shall have duly ratified
the amendment to the Constitution of the hinted
Stated proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and
known as article fourteen, upon tile following funda-
mental conditions."
Then follow the provisos, which, in the'case
of Georgia, add to the adoption of the fourteenth
amendment a clause rejecting the first and third
subdivisions of section seventeen of article five
of the proposed constitution of that State rela-
tive to the limitation of collection and taxation
of certain debts. It is then farther provided
that when snchStateeshall have ratified the four-
teenth amendment, and. in t.he case of Georgia,
when its Legislature, in addition thereto, shall
have given its assent to the fundamental condi-
tion imposed, they should be admitted, as de-
clared in the first section of the law. Kow, sir,
the State of Georgia did eveiy act and thing
required by the law. I need not, emimeraie the
s'eps. They submitted evidence of the fact to
the President. As required by law, the Presi-
dent made proclamation of the fact, and, in
accordance with its pledge, the House ol llep-
resentatives admitted the members of that
State to their seats. The history of the great
rebellion, so far as it affected Georgia as it
State, closed with that act. If Georgia is not
now represented in Congress it is not because
of the rebellion of her citizens; not because
of her attempted secession: not because of the
great war ; not, because of the reconstruction
acts ; but because subsequently to the remis-
sion of the sins of the rebellion, secession, and
war. and the reestabtishmeiit of the State, a
republican form of government again ceased
to exist in the State of Georgia, and the United
Suites, under the guarantee clause of the Con-
stitution. superseded and suspended the pre-
tended authority in that State.
The si'.is of secession, rebellion, and war
were remitted by the reconstruction acts, it'pon
eee.snliance with the terms prescribed. J'he
i eeo'indiT.eiion acts, by the letter and wording
ut the lav/, became inoperative and ceased
upon tin: perlormnnee ol the duties and con-
ditions therein declared. The aet of^dune
2-., 'in;8. and tin'pi'ocl i ma t ion of the Pre-n
dent tucrein pioveded for, reeogi'i.'.e the per-
formance of those duties and conditions ; and
on the 23th day of July, 1868, when the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, as chairman of
the Committee of Elections, reported favor-
ably upon the credentials of members from
that State, Georgia was as much a Slate in the
Union as the State which that gentleman so
honorably and well represents. Subsequent
to this time the Legislature of Georgia, by
acts of tyranny and oppression, destroyed its
republican form of government, and the Uni-
ted States, under its Constitution, was again
obliged to suspend the functions of govern-
ment within the borders of that State.
I know that this doctrine is not popular
with many. 1 know there are many who, to
attain the same end, would "whip the devil
around the stump" rather than follow the plain
pathway pointed out by the Constitution; but
I also know that the framers of our Consti-
tution, whether "they builded better than they
knew" or not, leveled their blows at tyranny
and oppression in whatever form they might
appear, well understanding that tyranny in
republican form is no less "odious" than in
its despotic guise. I know that as against
oppression the Constitution of the United
States rises not only as a barrier, but as an
opposing and destructive force. I know that
the blood of thousands of loyal Teunesseeans
is crying against the tardiness and hesitation
of Congress, and that notwithstanding our
apathy the people hear the cry. I know that
sooner or later this issue will be forced upon
us, and f for one am ready for it now.
It does not follow that the interference of
the Government of the United States to pre-
serve a republican form of government de-
stroys the State government. It may exist
undisturbed or partially suspended. It may
be represented in Congress, or its representa-
tion be excluded, as the law-making power of
the Government determine. The government
of the State remains lawful and binding upon
its people so far as its action is permitted by
the United States, and whenever its action,
under the Constitution of the United States,
affects the rights of people outside of the State,
or other Slates of the Union, the legality of
such action cannot and ought not to be ques-
tioned.
The act of Congress of December 22, 1800,
recognizes this doctrine. Section six declares
"that the expulsion of any person or persons
elected as aforesaid, and being otherwise qual-
ified, fiotn participation in the proceedings of
said senate or house or representatives, upon
the ground of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude, would be illegal and revo-
lutionary and this, with the imposition of
the ratification of the fifteenth amendment as
a condition-precedent, its adoption, and the
proclamation of the President, thereon, it seems
; to me, settles the whole theory, at least so tar
as the Republican portion ot the country is
; concerned, as fact and law.
llr. Speaker, the action of the Senate upon
the Georgia question is a recorded refutation
of the old proverb that " in^ multitudes of
'counselors there is much wisdom." They
argued and reargued, viewed and reviewed,
i discussed, analyzed, and dissected the subject
i from so many different points, under so-many
! different lights, and in so many different ways,
that from a thin haze they became involved in
' impenetrable fog, and were lost in a labyrinth
of their own construction. I do not believe
i tiie members ol this House have an idea
I of adopting their amendment. Its adoption
| would bo foul injustice to those men of Georgia
' who since 1803 have battled for the loyal men
1 of that State as fearlessly and as well as did
' our armies piior to that time, and in that
! behalf 1 protest against it.
■ Perseverance may break down though con-
1 staucv remain. And. sir, it seems to me that
if we cast out the ineuibers oi the Republican
pu y in Georgia breaa-e o' liie tout
i I.tieiopted to be I'eipelruted on a portion of
their part)' by the rebel Democracy, their per-
severance would be tested to the uttermost.
We would recognize the powerof their enemies,
and in fact, though not in intention, become
their aiders and abettors.
But, sir, great as would bethewrongdoneto
the loyal men of Georgia by the Senate amend-
ment, it is far preferable to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois. Their
amendment grants and secures protection; his
amendment means murder; will surely result m
riot, violence, and bloodshed. The suspension
of their government, while it supersedes the
functions of their officers, does not necessarily
permit the terms to run on. We can eliminate
the term of suspension, restore the State to the
same position it occupied at the time of sus-
pension, and let it go on under the construc-
tions and judgments of its courts, without
resorting to these violent means. And I, as a
member of this House from a southern State,
and representing, as I believe I do, the feel-
ings and wishesof the Republican party South,
implore members of that party North to listen
to the appeals of the Republicans of Georgia.
Sir, the Republican party of the South, born
amid the whirlwind of passion and strife en-
gendered by civil warfare, have never known
the soothing influences of peace. We exist
there only because of a constancy to principle
and purpose, and a firm, unwavering devotion
upon the part of the colored people of the
South, only equaled by the fortitude of the
martyrs; and 3 submit, sir, that in determining
our action the voice of that people and their
Representatives should be heard and listened to
with respect. It lias been too much the prac-
tice of northern Republicans, who know com-
paratively little about affairs in the South, to
legislate without respect to the wishes or wis-
dom of southern Republicans, and I fearithas
been too much the practice of southern Repub-
licans to bow to the action of the North with-
out question. We know what you merely sus-
pect, and we have seen and felt what you can-
not or will not credit. Sir, I again point you
to the immediate results of the passage of the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio in
the State of Georgia. On the part of the De-
mocracy it was hailed with exultation and joy;
exultation unmixed with gratitude, and joy
only because they saw in it, as they supposed,
the breaking down of the policy and strength
of the Republican party. On the other hand,
amid these rejoicings, while bon-fires lit the
State from its northern to its southern extrem-
ity, there came from the Republicans, -white
and black, a despairing, indignant, protest.
Reechoing their sentiments in this House, I
protest against the passage of that amendment
or any law similar in character and effect.
Sir, I know the Republican party South. I
know their aims and aspirations. I know the
; people composing the great body of that party
! in the South, and I assert that, from the hum-
,, blest laborer in the cotton-field to the repre-
i sentative of his race in the Senate Chamber,
|i they breathe nothing but " peace and good will
I; to all men." They ask no favor, but fair,
e open-handed justice. The passage of the bill
j; as originally reported by the Reconstruction
il Committee will give them a fair start in their
j! new political life, and no more. The passage
i; of the amendments proposed will turn them
j1 over to the lash, the knife, and the bullet oi
;j their hereditary oppressors. Blood will follow
i| as surely as night follows day ; and I warn
(i gentlemen advocating the measure that, on tliein
;! will rest the stain. The bill as it onginpUy
'! came from the committee is righteous and ^t.
; and I advocate its adoption.
:j MESSAGE F1103I THE PI'.r.SlBKNT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Hou-
!' acf, Porteu, his Private SecivLuv, informed
: the House that the Pie-ndent had apptoved
and signed a joint resolution I.II. H No. '>2i)
: reiutive to fade with '..ie Rnti>li Xorth Amer*
, ican province-..
