4794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
GEORGIA.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the Georgia bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
now to call the previous question on the bill
and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] is now entitled to the
floor for one hour, to close the debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
ten minutes to my colleague, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the debate this
morning has taken a very wide range, involv-
ing, it seems to me, questions not embraced in
the measures before the House, and unneces-
sary to the consideration of what is our duty
in the present bour. It is hardly worth while
to go back to assert our power in the manage-
ment of the rebellion or of the rebel States after
the war had ceased, whether it lies in one
feature of the Constitution or another, or out-
side of the Constitution. I have a short way
myself, and have had since the first gun was
fired at Sumter, of dealing with this whole
matter, and it is this: that when it was first
decided there should be a Government, and no
limitation upon its duration was fixed in its
Constitution, every means whatever not inhib-
ited by that Constitution and proper to that
end were within the power and duty of the
nation to exercise for its preservation. This
view is set forth in better words than I can
use by Mr. Hamilton in the twenty-third num-
ber of the Federalist, which I will venture to
read, and leave this whole power where he left
it. Mr. Hamilton said :
"The circumstances that endanger the safety of
nations are infinite; and for this reason no constitu-
tional shackles can wisely be imposed on the power
to which the care of it is committed. This power
ought to be coextensive with all the possible com-
binations of such circumstances; and ought to bo
under the direction of the same councils which aro
appointed to preside over the common defense.
" This is one of those truths which, to a correct and
unprejudiced mind, carries its own evidenco along
with it, and may be obscured but cannot bo made
plainer by argument or reasoning.
" It rests upon axioms as simple as tliey are uni-
versal; the means ought to be proportionate to the
end; the persons from whose agency the attainment
of any end is expected ought to possess the means
by which it is to be attained.
" Whetherthereoughttoboa Federal Government
intrusted with the care of the common defense is a
question, in the first instance, open to discussion;
but the moment it is dccidcd in the affirmative it
will follow that that Government ought to bo clothed
with all the powers requisite to the complete execu-
tion of its trust. And unless it can bo shown that tho
circumstances which may affect tho public safety are
reducible within certain determinable limits—unless
the contrary of this position can be fairly and ration-
ally disputed, it must bo admitted as a necessary
consequonee that there can bono limitation of th at
authority which is to provide for the defense and
protection of the community in any matter essential
to its effioacy."
And, sir, when the war was over, the suc-
cessful carrying on of which called into exer-
cise all those powers under this Constitution,
we came to grapple with this other question,
what should we do with those States in which
flagrant war bad ceased? To my mind there
have never been but two questions to be an-
swered by Congress. The first is, is the con-
stitution which is presented by any one of
those States a republican constitution; and
the second, is it the voice of the people of that
State, and can they maintain it? The answer
to those two questions covers every contingency
and every duty. And in reference to the case
of Georgia before us to-day the questions are,
is the constitution she presents to us a repub-
lican form of government; does it represent
the voice of the people of Georgia; and are
they able to maintain it ? If either of those
questions is answered in the negative we can-
not pass any bill of the character of either of
those now before the House. If they are
answered in the affirmative, it matters not to
my mind which of these bills is passed by the
House. Congress has no power over that con-
stitution to change it one hair's breadth. It
must be the constitution of the people of Geor-
gia, and they must make it. We may impose
conditions, as many as we please. If Georgia
is fit for representation they are unnecessary; if
sheis unfit for representation, they are impotent.
You can make no public sentiment in Geor-
gia by conditions cnacted into the form of law
here. You cannot bring her people to rally
round their constitution for its support by any
enactment on paper here. That is another
work and must be accomplished by other means.
Believing, Mr. Speaker, that the constitution
of Georgia is republican in form and in es-
sence, believing that it is the choice of the peo-
ple of the State, and that they are able to main-
tain that constitution, I believe they are fit for
representation in Congress, and therefore I
vote that they are.
I come now to the practical reason which
induced me to offer this substitute. And that is,
that of all the measures proposed to express in
the form of law that opinion of Congress, which,
according to the Supreme Court in the case of
Lutherand Borden, is the necessary determin-
ation of Congress in reference to such a mat-
ter of all such measures, one free of all con-
ditions is most likely to afford a solution of the
question. If I thought that the ingrafting
upon this measure any condition not repugnant
to the Constitution of the United States, or the
constitution of Georgia, or the rights of her
people, would the more readily secure its pas-
sage, believing as I do, I would vote for it just
as quickly.
But, sir, I believe that no other measure will
become a law, unless we are willing to answer in
the affirmative these questions, and leave the
case there—that this is a republican constitu-
tion, that it is the choice of her people, and
that civil commotion and strife have so far sub-
sided in Georgia that, with the help of our mil-
itary arm and with tho encouragement of the
Executive here at Washington, she can main-
tain this constitution for the preservation of
life and liberty and political rights to all her
people. I am prepared to say, therefore, that
she can elect members of Congress and Sen-
ators, and is entitled to representation upon
the floor of Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. 1)AWES. I should like to have three
or four minutes more.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
four minutes more to the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I have only a few words
further to say. I voted, as I said yesterday,
for the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] I voted for it in
accordance with the principles which I have
announced to-day. I would have no trouble
about voting for it to-day. But I would rather
then, and much rather now, in the light of all
that has transpired between the two Houses
and in the two Houses, I would much rather
take the proposition which I have submitted,
without qualification or condition, believing
that thereby we shall have discharged all the
duties incumbent upon us, except that of at all
times holding out encouragement, as far as
legislation possibly can do that, to loyalty in
that sickly and feeble Commonwealth, and
casting that constant frown upon disloyalty
with which it is the duty of the Executive and
the legislative branches of the Government at
all times to treat that crime. I have an abid-
ing faith and hope that under those circum-
stances she will yet come to her senses and be
clothed and in her right mind.
I am not at all troubled about this question
of the length of time her present Legislature
will continue. I have no trouble, so far as I
am concerned, about the construction of the
constitution of Georgia in that respect. But
I conceive that we have here in this House
nothing to do with that question. I look upon
the passage of this law as having no more effect
upon that question than it would have if the
State of Massachusetts was inserted in this bill
in place of the State of Georgia.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would ask the
gentleman if he has any objection to say in hia
bill that it does not affect that question?
Mr. DAWES. I have not myself the slight-
est objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is all I ask,
that you simply say that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There may be an objec-
tion to putting the speech of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] in the bill.
Mr. DAWES. As to putting that in the
bill, I may say that such is the diversity of
sentiment—which I have recognized by so
drawing my bill as to endeavor to steer clear
of it—such is the diversity of sentiment that
in my opinion it has come to this : such a bill
or none, and for myself I prefer such a bill to
none.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the
gentleman what difference there is between this
bill and the bill which passed before, except
some conditions about which there is no con-
troversy, and the Bingham amendment?
Mr. DAWES. .1 apprehend there is nothing
but that; and that is all the trouble with the
matter in Congress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it not true that
the only thing which the Senate and the House
have both concurred in is that there shall be
an election in Georgia?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I resume
tho floor, and now yield to the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] for ten minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. When the question was before
the House in reference to admitting these recon-
structed States I voted in every instance for
a proposition similar to the one introduced
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.] That having been defeated every
time, I then voted for the next proposition,
whatever it might be. I did so in this case
before; I voted for the Bingham amendment
after the fii'st proposition was defeated.
I have always maintained, as far as my own
views are concerned, that States should be
admitted into this Union upon an equality. I
shall therefore base my action upon these
propositions: First, upon the question, has the
State of Georgia a constitution republican in
form? I have but to turn to the reports of
the Committee on Reconstruction, and to the
action of this House and of the Senate, to
confirm my opinion that she has. Second, is
she in a condition to be received into the sis-
terhood of States with an equal representation
in Congress ? I have but to refer to all the
propositions before us to prove that to be cor-
rect. The Senate start out in their bill by say-
ing that Georgia is entitled to representation
in Congress. The Committee on Reconstruc-
tion start out by saying that she is entitled to
representation in Congress. The proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham]
starts out in the same way. The proposition
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] starts out in the same way. They all
say she is entitled to representation in Con-
gress.
Now, sir, when o. State asks admission into
this Union, the first thing decided is that she
is entitled or she, is not. If not, there are
reasons for it; if she is, it is because she has
complied with all that is precedent to her
admission. If she has, then she is entitled to
admission; if not, she is not. If she has, then
Georgia is entitled to admission; if not, sheis
not entitled to admission. If entitled to admis-
sion, how is she entitled to admission? If she
is entitled to admission into this Union, she is
entitled to admission upon a perfect equality
with the rest of the States. If she is entitled
to that, I have no right to put conditions on her
as conditions-precedent to her admission, or
conditions-subsequent, whatever you may call
them.
As I have said—and I made the same re-
mark in discussing the question when Virginia
was up for admission—1 would not give a ii^
for your conditions. Why? Because the very
