APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[December 22,
Ho. of Reps.
Postal Telegraph—Mr, Washburn.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
small towns and vill ages would cause such an increase
of working expenses as would involve an annual loss
to the State instead of a profit; that village post-
masters and postmistresses would be incompetent to
work the telegraph, and that the delays inseparable
from the system proposed for sending out messages
would be very great,"
All these objections were satisfactorily and
conclusively answered by Mr. Scudamore, Sir
Charles Wheatstone, ana others.
In a letter from Mr. Sidney Monteforie, man-
ager of telegraph, and post office at Melbourne,
Australia, addressed to Lord Stanley,and dated
at Melbourne, April 23,1866, published by order
of the House of Commons, that gentleman says:
"In this colony tha combination of the telegraph
and post office works admirably." * " " *
"Every argument that can bebrought to bearonthe
advisability of the Government retainingin its hands
the postal business of the country must have greater
' force in urging the propriety in obtaining the con-
trol of the telegraph, which may be considered as
only a more rapid mode of postal communication
wherein still greater confidenco is necessary."
Great Britain has not acted hastily in this
matter, but only after a full investigation of
the whole case and a thorough hearing of the
telegraph companies; and the conclusion ar-
rived at is that for the post office department
to assume control would "bring the telegraphs
closer to the population, to extend the hours
during which they could be used daily, to re-
duce the charges for the transmission of mes-
sages, and lastly to give facilities for the trans-
mission of money-orders by telegraph;'' and on
the 1st of January, 1870, the British post office
will assume entire control of the telegraph in
Great Britain. Shall the Government of the
United States follow the example thus set by all
other enlightened countries, or shall the public
be left entirely to the caprice of existing com-
panies, subjectto whatever extortion in the way
of charges the cupidity of managers may inflict?
I think that it may be safely said that there is
no subject in which the public has greater in-
terest than that of the transmitting of rapid
and cheap intelligence. If the present facili
ties can be largely increased without a great
annual outlay, in my judgment there are few
persons in the United States who would object
to it. The Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, in the report to which I have before
alluded, object to the Government assuming
control.
1. That it would be an act of bad faith
and injustice to existing companies for the
Government to establish lines of its own without
compensation to them.
2. That the expense attending the establish-
ment of a Government system would be such
as the country is in no condition to assume, it
being estimated by the committee that a sin-
gle line of six wires between Washington and
New York would alone cost $250,000, or$l,040
per mile.
3. That under the existing system telegraph-
ing is satisfactorily done, and at cheaper rates
than in any other country.
These objections are substantially the same
as thoseput forth by the Western Union Com-
pany, with the addition by the company that the
Government could not do the business by reason
of the incompetency of its postmasters.
_ In considering the first objection I call atten-
tion to the fact stated by the committee that
Congressin 1866 passed an act to aid in the
construction of telegraph lines and to secure to
the Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes. That act con-
tains the following proviso:
"Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the rights
and privileges hereby granted shall not be trans-
ferred by any company acting under this act to any
other corporation,association,or person: Provided
however, ihat the United States may at any time
after the expiration of five years from the date of
the passage of this act, for postal, military, or other
purposes, purchase all the telegraph lines, property
ana effects of any or all of said companies at an ap-
praised value, to be ascertained by five competent
disinterested persons, two of whom shall be selected
by tne Postmaster General of the United States, two
by the company interested, and one by the four so
previously selected."
By the last section no company can avail
itself of the privileges conferred by the act
until it shall have filed with the Postmaster
General a written acceptance of the restrictions
and obligations imposed by it. All our leading
companies have accepted of the terms of that
act, consequently they are all under a contract
with the Government to gell their lines in the
manner prescribed by said act. Now, as the
bill I have prepared contemplates the purchase
of these lines at their fair appraised value, the
objection arising from the allegation of bad faith
is successfully answered and falls to the ground.
The second objection, of the great expense
involved, is not without force ; butthe expense
is greatly exaggerated. As a scarecrow erected
to intimidate Congress the Western Union Tel-
egraph Company has presented an array of
figures that would be frightful if their falsity
was not transparent. It was perfectly compe-
tent for the officers of the different companies
to have furnished an accurate statement of the
cost of their lines. This they have studiously
failed to do, which, to say the least', is a very
suspicious circumstance. In 1866 Postmaster
General Detiison called upon the three lead-
ing companies for information in regard to the
cost of telegraph lines and for their opinion as
to the probable success of a postal telegraph.
It was easy for them to have said what their
lines had cost, or what similar lines would cost,
but they nowhere said that; but they went on
to say what a line built in a particular manner
and unlike any other in the United States or
elsewhere would cost, and after enumerating
everything, counting forty-three poles at four
dollars each to the mile, wire twelve cents per
pound, thirty dollars a mile for holes for
poles, when they could hardly cost five dollars,
and thirty dollars per mile for stringing the
wire, when three dollars would be ample, and
other items in proportion, they make the cost
$203,660, and then say " such a line built by
the'Government carefully and with reference
to permanence would cost £250,000;" and
these are the figures adopted by the Commit-
tee on Post Office and Post Roads.
Again, on page 27 of same document, (Sen-
ate Ex. Doc. 49, first session Thirty-Ninth
Congress,) they say:
" The length of wire owned by the United States
and Western Union Companies is 60,000 miles. The
average cost, as based upon tho united capital, is
$430 per mile."
Had they stated that this stock had been
watered three or four times over, which is the
fact, we then should have been able to have
guessed at the actual cost.
The Western Union Company, in its late
pamphletreviewingthepropositioiisfor a postal
telegraph, endeavors to magnify in every pos-
sible way the cost of constructing telegraph
lines; butitwillbe observedthatthey nowhere
state the actual cost of a single mile of their
line. Why did they not do it? One would
naturally suppose that if they wished to en-
lighten the world as to the cost of their lines
they would tarn to their books and give the
figures. Why did they not do it? The answer
must be left to conjecture; but it is reasonable
to suppose that an exposure of the actual cost
would defeat their purpose and remove the
terrors they sought to inspire by presenting such
an array of figures as would terrify Congress.
Instead, however, of giving the figures which
their books must disclose they ask Congress to
infer the cost of their lines from the statement
of three telegraph presidents, of what a Gov-
ernment line of six wires to New York, built
unlike any of theirs, would cost—from their
own statement of the average cost of lines in
England, France, Switzerland, and Belgium,
and the statement of Mr. George B. Prescott,
a telegraph superintendent and author of a
work entitled " The History,Theory, and Prac-
tice of the Electric Telegraph," published in
18S0. How far we are bound to credit these
estimates I will endeavor to show. The esti-
mates of the three telegraphic presidents of
the cost of a telegraph line to New York in
detail are as follows:
43 poles, delivered at stations ft61 25
129 arms, complete    12!) 00
48 holes, five feet deep, tools,- &e  SO 00
Labor, handling, preparing, erecting, &c  25 00
Six wires, at twelve cents per pound  240 00
Labor, wiring, transportation, &c...  80 00
Distributing poles    25 00
Superintendence    25 00
Total S66S 25
240miles at $665 25,Wa3hin!?ton to Jfcw York, $159,660
Lines through New York, Philadelphia, Bal-
' timore.and Washington   16,000
Twenty-two cables at rivers south of the
■ Hudson...  20,000
Cablest Hudson river, house, boats, &c   8,000
S203.660
"The cost of franchises cannot be given.
' "Such a line built by Government, carefully and
with reference to permanence, with six wires, would
cost $350,000."
Passing by the extravagant estimates for
poles and arms, it will be seen that they esti-
mate the labor alone of erecting a mile of
line after the poles are distributed at $110, as
follows:
Forty-three poles $30
Labor of erecting       2o
Labor of wiring;      30
Superintendence  25
$110
.Now, can there be any doubt about this being
a false estimate, and intended to impose on
the credulity of the Postmaster General and
on Congress ? Now, I do not claim to be ac-
quainted with the erection of telegraphs, nor
do I personally know what amount of labor is
involved in the erection of a mile of line; but
I have before me a publication entitled " Sta-
tistics of European Telegraphy, Collected and
Classified from Official Returns, by George
Saner," the same gentleman that I have already
mentioned. On page 17, in speakiDg of the
cost of erecting a mile of telegraph line in
Belgium, he says:
"When an electric telegraph is built across the
country the task is generally undertaken by laborers
working in gangs of ten or twelve, in addition to a
foreman and a mechanic skilled in fixing the insu-
lators, &c. Having distributed the posts along the
line, two or three men are occupied in fixing the
supports; five or six men a,re employed in digging
the holes; the rest in planting the posts. The men
thus employed are capable of planting about two
miles a day, provided no extraordinary difficulties
are to be ovorcome." * * * " It is com-
puted that the brigade should with proper skill and
a judicious division of labor wire not less than six
miles per diem.
"In concluding the report thedepartmentadds the
following statement, showing the average cost of con-
structing a single wire per kilometer:
13 posts, at 9 francs  frs 117 00
110 kilog. wire, No, 8, (not galvanized)  38 50
Insulators and other accessories  16 CO
Labor and salaries  18 00
Transportation n 00
200 50
At five franes per dollar. $40 10
"One and six hundred and nine thousandths kil-
ometor equal one statute mile. It follows, therefore,
that at the above rate a mile of single telegraphie
wire is constructed in Belgium at an average of $64 5J
per mile."
If, then, twelve men in Belgium can erect two
miles of line a day, it is fair to presume that
they can do the same in this country. In that
case, assuming the pay of laborers to be two
aollars a day and six dollars a day for a super-
intendent, the cost of erecting a mile of tele-
graph would be fifteen dollars, instead of$110,
as represented by Messrs. Sanford, Wade,
?? -Drt0n' ^-e *Vee telegraphic presidents.
Mr. Prescott, in his work, estimates the same
work at seven dollars per mils. This estimate
of the three_ presidents is r&affirmed by the
Western Union Company in their late pamph-
let, but I think that I have said enough to show
that it is wholly unreliable. The next method
resorted to to prove the cost and value of their
lines is to show the average cost of lines abroad.
