3850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
niVEli. AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Cemmerce, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 2092) making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works on rivers, harbors, and
for other purposes, for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1871; which was read a' first and
second lime, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
TONNAGE DUTY.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2093) exempting
machinery spaces in steam vessels from ton-
nage duties; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
NOimiJSRN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WHEELER. I now insist on the regu-
lar order of business.
The House resumed, as the regular order of
business, the consideration of the Senate joint
resolution No. 121, authorizing the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company to issue its bonds
for the construction of its road and to secure
the same by mortgage, and for other purposes,
and the amendments thereto, on which the
previous question was seconded and the mam
question ordered yesterday.
The first question was ou the following
amendment offered by Mr. Welkek:
Add to section ono the following:
Provided further, That os to all now grants herein
of additional lands, such lands, excepting pine and
lir timber lands and mineral lands, shall be sold by
hdid company to actual settlers at a price not exceed-
ing $2 5U per acre, and in quantities not exceeding
•me hundred aud sixty acres to any oneperson, under
such regulations as may bo prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
Mr. WELIvER. I demand the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The questiou was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 87, nays 9o, not voting
47 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Arnell, Aspcr, Boatty,
Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James Brooks, liullin-
ton, liurchard, Benjamin J/. Butler, Cessna, Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cox,
Crobs, Cullom, Dickey, Dickinson, Donley, Duval,
Dyer, Ela, Eldridge, I<\irnswort!i, Kerry, i'inkeln-
burg, (letz, Uriswold, Haight, Ilaldeman, Ilavvley,
ilay. Hays, Hellin, llolman, lngorsoli, Johnson,
Judd, lvorr, ICnott, Lawrence, Lowis. Marshall,
MeCrary, McGrow, McNoely, Merour, Eliakim H.
Moore. Jesso 11. Mooro, William Moore, Morphia,
Niblack. Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Potter,
Randall, -Keeves, Kico, itidgway, Sargent, Shanks,
John A. Smith, William famyth, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stiles, Strong, Townsend, Tyner, Upson, Van Wyck,
\oorhoes, Ward, Welker, Willard, Williams, John
1. Wilson, Winuns, Witohcr, and Woodward—87.
NAilS—M essrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Armstrong,
Atwood, Axlelt, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum,
Barry, Bennett, Benton, Blair, Doles, Booker, Boyd,
Cieorge M. Brooks, Buckley, Burdett, Roderick It,
lAvl'i J/vA|X "vi , ,   
, Hamilton, Harris, Hoar, Hooper, Botch-
kiss, Alexander II. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, ICeJsoy,
Koteham, Knapp, Lallin, Lash. Logan, Lynch, May-
ham, Maynard, McCarthy, McKce, Mclienzie, Dan-
lel J. Morrell, Samuel P.Morrill, Morrissey, Myers,
Neglcy, Newsham, O'Neill, Peck, Perce, Peters,
Phelps, Poland, Prosser, Koots, Sawyer, Schenek,
Sehumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
Sherrod, Joseph S. Smith. Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stokes,Stoughton, Strickland,Taffe,
Tanner, iiUman, Twichell, Van Auken, William B.
Washburn, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, and
liugene M. Wilson—95.
iNOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Beaman, Benja-
min, Bowen, Buck, Burr, Davis, Dogener, Doekery,
1'isher, Gibson Gilfillan, Ilambleton, Hawkins,
Jieaton, Hill, Iloge, Jenckes, Thomas L. Jones,
Jnlian, Loughridge, McCormick, JMiines, Morgan,
Mungen, Palmer, Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter, Rogers,
Sanford, bcoheld, Shober, Slocum, William J
Smith, Stone, Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Taylor,
Trimble, Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader C.
\V ashburn, Wells, Winchester, and Wood—17.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. SLOCUM. I am paired on this bill
and the amendments with my colleague, Mr.
Fisher.
Mr. ORTH. My colleague, Mr. Julian, is
detained from the House by illness. If here
he would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. McNEELY. My colleague, Mr. Burb,
is confined to his room by sickness. If here
he would vote in the affirmative.
The result of the vote was announced as
above.
The next amendment was one proposed by
Mr. Randall to the first section of the joint
resolution, as follows:
After the words "Secretary of the Interior," in
line ten, iDSert the following:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued as a guarantee by the United States of the
bonds issued by said company or its agents, or of any
bonds authorized or permitted by this act.
Mr. RANDALL. Upon that amendment
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negetive—yeas 89, nays 93, not
voting 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arnoll.
Asper.Beatty, Biggs,Bird, James Brooks, Bufiinton,
Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler, Cessna, Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Coburn. Cook,
Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dawes, Dickey, Dickin-
son, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, lildndge, l''arns-
worth, Finkclnburg, Getz, Uriswold, Ilaight, Ilalde-
man, Hale, Hamill, Hamilton, Hawley, Hay, Hays,
lleflin, Hill, llolman, Ingersoll, Judd, Kerr, Knott,
Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall, MeCrary, McG-rew, Mc-
Kenzie, McNeely, Mereur, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse
It. Moore, William Moore, Morgan, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Paine, Randall, Reeves, Rice, llidgway,
Sargent, Shanks, J ohn A. Smith, Stevens. Stevenson,
Stiles. Swann, Tillman, Tyner, Upson, Van Wyck,
Voorhees, Ward, Welker, Willard, Williams, John
X. Wilson, Winuns, Witcher, and Woodward—S'J.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Atwood, Ax-
tell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Barry, Bennett,
Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Booker, Boyd,
(Jeorgo M. Brooks, Buckley, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler, Cake, Calkin, Churchill, William T. Clark,
Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Conner, Covode, Dixon,
Doekery, Dox, 1'ernss, Kerry, Fitch, Kox, Garfield,
Harris, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Johnson, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kelsey. Ketcham, Kna.pi), Lnflin, Lash,Lo-
gan, Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Morphis, Daniel
J. Morrell, Morrissey, Myers, Negley, Newsham,
O'Neill, Peek, Perce, Petors, Phelps, Poland, Pom-
eroy, Prosser, Roots, Sawyer, Schenck, Sehumaker,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Joseph
S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stokes, Stone, Stoughton. Strickland,
lafl'e, Tanner, Taylor, Townsend, Trimble, Twichell,
Van Auken, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Whit-
more, Wilkinson,and JEugono M. Wilson—93.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Beaman, Beck,
Benjamin, Bowen, Buck, Burr, Davis, Degencr,
1'isher,Gibson, Gilfillan, Ilambleton, Hawkins, Ilea-
ton. Ilogo, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas
L.Jones, Julian, Loughridge, Lynch, Mayham, Mc-
Cormick, Milues, Samuel P. Morrill, Muugen, Nib-
lack, Palmer, Piatt, Porter, Potter, Rogers, Sanford,
Scofield, Shober, Slocum. William J. Smith, Strader,
Strong, Sweoney.Van Horn.Van Trump, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Wells, Winchester, and Wood—4;.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll.
Mr. MORGAN said: My colleague, Mr.
Mungen, is detained from the House by indis-
position.
■ The next amendment was one proposed by
Mr. Clauke, of Kansas, to add the following
to the joint resolution :
Sue. 12. And be it further resolved, That the lands
granted by this act and all previous acts to said com-
pany shall inure to the benefit of said company, i&
assigns and successors, in themannerfollowing, tbat
is to say: that all the lands sha.ll be immediately
open to settlement, and shall be sold to actual set-
tlcrsonly, who shall be entitled to receive patents
therefor in contiguous parcels notexceeding aquan-
tity equal to one quarter section to any one person,
and at thepriceof $2 50peracre, undersuchrulesand
regulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary of
tho Interior, in accordance with the piovisionsofthis
act: Provided, however. That such persons shall be
citizens of tho United States, or shall have deel ared
their intentions to become such, before they shall be
entitled to become actual settlors under the provis-
ions of this act: And provided further, That when
the company shall file with the Secretary of the In-
terior the certificate of the Governor of the State or
lerritory in which said road is located, that any
twenty consocutive miles of said road have been
completed in a good, substantial, and workman-like
manner, together with a map designating by the
public surveys the line of such completed portion
and the points of beginning and ending, the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall thereupon direct the proper
district land officers to give public notice to all actual
settlers under, the provisions of this act residing on
the granted lands opposite to and conterminous with
said completed section, to make proof and payment
to the discnet land officers, for their claims within
three mctaths from the date of ksaid notice ; and the
registers and receivers shall report the sale of said
lands monthly, as m the sales of public lands: and
the amount received shall be placed by the receivers
to the credit of the railroad company in such depos-
itory as they may designate: Provided, That if any
settler shall fail to make proof and pay for his claim
within the time herein specified, hi3 right thereto
shall become forfeited, and the land shall be patented
to the said company: And provided further. That
patents shall issue to said company for all lands
which shall remain unsold after the expiration of
three months from the date of completion of each
section of said road: And provided also, That tho
railroad company may, at any time, sell, convey by
deed, mortgage, or deed of trust, all of said land, to
persons or corporations, and not actual settlers, and
at such prices and on such terms as the parties may
agree upon: Provided, That when so sold or con-
veyed, tho said lands in the hands of the purchaser,
moitgagee, or trustee, or other grantees, shall be
subject to sale to actual settlers within the time
limited as aforesaid, and on the same terms as though
the said deed, mortgage, or deed of trust had never
been made: Provided, That if said road is not com-
pleted within ten years from the date of the accept-
ance of the grant herein made, the lands remaining
along the uncompleted portions of the road shall re-
vert to the Government and be open to preemption
and homestead entry after due public notice by the
district land officers, under instructions from the
Secretary of the Interior, as provided in the case of
public lands.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, and Mr. HOL-
MAN called for the yeas and nays on agreeing
to the amendment.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were thirty-seven ia
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it "was
decided in the negative—yeas 69, nays 117,
not voting 43 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Arnell, Asper, Beatty.
Biggs, Bird, Butfinton, Burchard, Cessna, Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cox,
Crebs, Cullom,Dickinson, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman,
Hawkins, iiawlcy, Hav, Heflin, Holman, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Judd, Kerr, Knott, Lawrence, Lewis, Mar-
shall, McCrary, McGrew, McNeely. Eliakim H.
Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Morgan,
Orth, Packard, Potter, Randall, Keeves, Rice, Ridg-
way, Rogers, Sargent, Shanks, John A. Smith, Ste-
venson, Stiles, Tyner,Upson,Van Wyck, Ward, Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson, Wmans, Witcher, and Wood-
ward— 69.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Arm-
strong, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Bar-
num, Barry, Bennett, Benton,Bingham,Blair, Boles,
Booker, Bowen, Boyd, Georgo M. Brooks, Buckley,
Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cake. Calkin, Ctrnrch-
ill, William T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Con-
ner, Covode, Cowles, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Dixon,
Doekery, Dox, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch,
5 ox, Garfield, Getz, Hale, Hamill, Hamilton, Har-
ris, Hays, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kelsoy,.Ketoham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Logan,
Lynch, Mayham, Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Mc-
Kerme, Mercur, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Sarn-
Xfir Morrissey, Myer3, Negley, Newsham,
0 jNeill, Packer, Paine, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps,
Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sawyer, Schenck,
Sehumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
Sherrod, Snobcr, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes, Stone,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Swann, Taffe, Tan-
ner, iaylor, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Twichell,
V an Auken William B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler,
a, riYlfcn£!&n• an(1 Eugene M. Wilson—117.
NOi YOlINGr—Messrs. Adams, Beaman, Beck,
Benjamin, James Brooks, Buck, Burr, Benjamin F.
Butler, Davis, Fisher. Gibson, Gilfillan, Hnmbleton,
Heaton, Hill, Hoge, Jenckes, Alexander H.Jones,
Ihomas L. Jones, Julian, Loughridge, McCormick,
Miines, Mungen, Niblack, Parmer, Piatt, Porter,
banford, Scofield, Slocum. William ,T. Smith, Ste-
vens, Strader, Sweeney, Van Horn, Van Trump,
Voorhees, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wells, Willard.
\V inchester, and Wood—43.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was one offered by
Mr. Ela, which was read, as follows:
Add at the end of section one tho following ■
provided further, That any railroad now au-
thorized, or which hereafter may be authorized, to
bo buiit by competent State or national authority,
whose line ol road does or shall intersect the line of
the said N orthern Pacific Railroad Company, shall
have the right of way to the extent of two hundred
feet in width, with ncccssary grounds for depot pur-
poses, oyer and across the lands of such company,
now or heretofore granted to said Northern Pacific
Uailroad Company by act of Congress, free of any
charge whatever.
ihe question being put on the amendment,
The SPEAKER, in the opinion of the
Chair, the " noes" have it.
Mr. ELA. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ Ihe question was taken ; and it was decided
m the negative—yeas 69, nays 112, not voting
48 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ambler, Arnell, Asper, Beatty,
