1870.
THE CONGKESSIOJVAL GLOBE.
2907
said Kiowa Indiana the sum of $2,500 for each ono
of said children, and invest the same in United States
securities. And use from timototimetheincomefrotn
the said securities in such manner as ho rnav deem
expedient for their maintenance. education * and sup-
port, during their lifetime, until thoy attain the a^e
of twenty-one years, when the principal shall be
paid thorn; and the elder of said children shall be
hereafter known as Helen Lincoln* and the younger
as Heioise Lincoln.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was iu section two,
lines three and four, to strike out the words
"be paid to the survivor," and to insert the
words "revert to the United States;'' and in
lines eight and nine to strike out the words
"or as survivor, or in both rights;" so that
the section will read:
Skc. 2. And be it further resolved, Thatif eithersaid
Helen Lincoln or Baid Heioise Linooln should die
without issue, tbe entire amount due the decedent
shall revert to the United States, and should both
die without issue, the whole sum shall revert to the
United States; but if either said Helen Lincoln or
said UeloiseLincoln.or both, have lawful issue, then
at the death of either parent tbe amount due to her
in her own right shall become the inheritance of her
issue.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
lines four and five, after the words " United
States" to insert the words " until said cap-
tives shall be surrendered to the lawful au-
thorities of the United States;" so that the
section will read ;
Sec. 3. And he it further resolved. That the Secre-
tary of the Interior be authorized and required to
withhold from any tribe of Indians who may hold
American captives any moneys due them from the
United States, until Baid captives shall be surren-
dered to the lawful authorities of the United States.
Tbe amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on Indian
Affairs reported the House resolution for the
relief of these children with a substitute con-
taining these very amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed by the Senator from Oregon who
reported this joint resolution that the House
of Representatives have passed a resolution on
this subject, and if there be no objection it will
be substituted for the Senate resolution. The
Secretary will report the House resolution,
subject to objection. ,
Mr. SUMNER. Is it identical? j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can- '
not state. It has just been placed in his hands. 1
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be reported. j
Mr. CORBETT. It is similar in its pro-
visions to the Senate resolution.
The Secretary read the title of the House
joint resolution, as follows: "A joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 85) for the relief of Helen
Lincoln and Heioise Lincoln, and for the with-
holding of moneys from tribes of Indians hold-
ing American captives."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the joint resolution, as now amended
by the Senate, will be considered as agreed to
as an amendment to the House joint resolu-
tion, and the House joint resolution will be
sent back to the House in that condition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see what the
House resolution is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the original House resolution. The
committee propose to strike it out and insert
the Senate resolution.
Mr. CORBETT. Iwill statethat the Senate
committee agreed to strike out the entire House
resolution and substitute the Senate resolution.
The copy that I have sent up is identical with
the Senate resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not just pass the
House resolution as it is?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because it is not in proper
form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Istheamountthesame?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir. It is proposed
to take up tlie House resolution and make to
it the amendments that we have made in the
Senate resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wh* do you wish to
amend the House resolution?
Mr. CORBETT. Because it provides for
an appropriation of $5,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the amount is not
the sam e.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
explain to the Senator from Illinois that the
Committee on Indian Affairs reported aSenate
resolution. The House subsequently passed a
resolution on the subject and sent it here, aud
the Committee on Indian Affairs have reported
it back, and propose to amend it by incorpor-
ating what they had incorporated in the Senate
resolution. They now propose to take the text,
as agreed to and amended by the Senate, as
an amendment to the House resolution, and
send it back to the House in that shape. The
House joint resolution No. 85, for the relief
of Helen Lincoln and Heioise Lincoln, and
for the withholding of moneys from tribes of
Indians holding American captives, will be
considered as amended, to conform with the
Senate resolution, and read the third time; and
the question is on its passage.
The joint resolution was passed.
objections withdrawn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask my friend from
Iowa [Mr. Harlan] to withdraw his objection
to the bill preceding the one just passed, being
the bill (S. No. 421) for the preservation of the
harbors of the United States against encroach-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. I will do so in order that
it may keep its place on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa withdraws his objection to Senate bill No.
424, and it will stand as the first bill on the
Calendar to be acted upon on Monday.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the Senator from
California [Mr. Cole] to withdraw his objec-
tion to Senate bill No. 84 so that it may retain
its place on the Calendar.
Mr. COLE. I will do so at the request of
the Senator, so far as that one bill is concerned,
but not the others.
Mr. FENTON. That is all I ask.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does notlose its posi-
tion on the Calendar by being passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The object, how-
ever, of the Senator from New York is that his
bill shall be called up on Monday, when tbe
Calendar will be resumed at the place where it
now leaves off. The Secretary will report the
title of the bill the objection to which is with-
drawn by the Senator from California.
The Secretary. " A bill (S. No. 84)
to carry into effect the decree of the district
court of the United States for the southern
district of New York in the case of the British
steamer Labuan."
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot go away back
to that.
The VICE PRESIDENTJ-The Senator from
from Vermont objects to going back.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
object. I am sure the Senator will withdraw
the objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, I withdraw it.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the Senator from
Tennessee to withdraw that motion a moment
to allow a short executive session, for the pur-
pose of referring some nominations.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Vermont
withdraws his objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Vermont withdraw his objection to Sen-
ate bill No. 84 ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir I withdraw my
objection to anything the Senator from Massa-
chusetts wants. How can I avoid it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the bill will
remain on the Calendar, and will bethefirst bill
to be taken up when the Calendar is resumed.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not pass it now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Becausethe Sen-
ator from Tennessee has moved that the Senate
do now adjourn, and the Senator from Alabama
is appealing to him to allow, by unanimous
consent, an executive session to refer nomina-
i tions. Is there objection ?
| Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is the unanimous
!' understanding that the executive session is to
be only for the purpose of referring nomina-
tions J do not object.
Mr. SPENCER. That is all we want it for.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-,
, tion to that understanding? The Chair hears
; none, and the Senate will proceed to the con-
, sideration of executive business.
! executive session.
! The doors were thereupon closed ; and after
' some time spent in the consideration of ex^cu-
■ tive business the doors were reopened, and
' the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 22,1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
! The Journal of yesterday was read and
j approved.
I Mr. JUDD. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. ORTH. I call for the regular order
1 of business.
dubuque,'iowa.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call the committees for
reports of a private nature, commencing with
the Committee on the Judiciary, where the
call rested on Friday last.
Mr. ORTH, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
1521) relinquishing to the city of Dubuque,
Iowa, whatever title may remain in the United
States to a certain lot of ground in Dubuque.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time. It relin-
quishes to the city of Dubuque, Iowa, and its
assignees, whatever title may remain in the
United States to a certain lot or parcel of
ground in Dubuque, Iowa, which lot or parcel
of ground is bounded by the city limits, Main
street, and out lots Nos. 073, 674, 677, and 678,
and designated as a "grave-yard" on the offi
cial plat of Dubuque, as laid out by the com-
missioners under the acts of July 2, 1836, and
March 8, 1837.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles pitcher.
Mr. ORTH, from the same committee, also
reported back, with a recommendation that
the same do pass, House bill No. 387, for the
relief of Charles Pitcher.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The preamble of the bill, which was read,
declares that, as shown by a duplicate certifi-
cate issued by T. A. Walker, as register of the
land office at Fort Des Moines, Iowa, dated
August 12,1857, Charles Pitcher, now of Mar-
seilles, La Salle county, Illinois, deposited
with said register bounty land warrant No.
26904, for 120 acres, issued in favor of Nancy
Bishop, under act of March 3, 1855, and as-
signed to said Charles Pitcher for location in
his name on the west half of the northwest
quarter and northwest quarter of southwest
quarter of section six, township seventy-nine
north, of range thirty-two west, containing
133rJ^ acres, and also did pay to the receiver
