1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3851
Beck, Bird, James Brooks, Buffmton, Burchard,
Cessna, bidney Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Co-
burn, Cook, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dickinson, Donley,
Duval, Dyer, El a., Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fmkeln-
burg, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Hawkins, Haw-
ley, Hay, Ileflin, Holman, IngersolJ, Judd, Kerr,
Knott, Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, McKee, McNeely, Jesse II. Moore, William
Moore, Morgan, Orth, Packard, Potter, Randall,
Reeves, Rice, Sargent, Shanks, John A. Smith, Wit-
1mm J. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Tyner,
Upson, Van Wyck, Williams. John T. Wilson,
Winans, Witcher, and Woodward—69.
NAYS — Messis. Allison, Ames, Archer, Arm-
strong. Atwood. Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Bar-
pum, Barry, Bennett, Benton, Bingham. Blair,
Boles, Booker, Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
Buckley, Buidetr, Roderick 11. Butler, Cake, Cal-
kin, Churchill, William T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb,
Conger, Conner, Covode. Cowles. Dawes. Degener,
Dixon, Dockery, Dox, Feiriss, Feny, Fitch, Fox,
Garfield. Getz, Hale, Hamill, Hamilton, Harris,
Hays, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Johnson, Kelley,
Kellogg. Kelsoy, Kefcham, Knapp, Laflin, La.sh,
Logan, Lynch, Mayham, Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Kenzie, Mercur, Daniel J. Morrell, Mornssey, Myers,
Nealey, Newsham, Packcr, Peck, Percc, Peters,
Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Prussoi, Roots, Sawyer,
Sohenek, Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, Shcrrod, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Woith-
mgtoii 0. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stokes. Stone, Stoughton,Strickland, Strong-. Swanu,
Talle, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble,
Twichell, Van Auken, Voorhees, Ward, William B.
Wash burn, Wheelei, Whitmore, Wilkinson, and
Bugone M. Wilson—112.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Adam*, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Buck, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler,
Davis, Dickey, Fisher. Gibson, Gillillan, Hambleton,
Hcaton, Hill, Hoge, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jone^,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Loughridge, MeCormick,
Milnes, Eliakim II. Moore, Morphis, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Mungen, Niblack, O'Neill,Paine, Palmer, Platl,
Poiter, Ridgway, Roger.-', Saritord, Scofield, Slocum,
Strader, Sweeney, Van Horn, Van Trump, Oadwala-
dcr 0. Washburn, Welkcr, WelL-, Willard, Winches-
ter, and Wood—IS.
So the amendment of Mr. Ela was not
agreed to.
The next amendment was one ofi'ered by
Mr. Lawrence, to add the following as a new
section:
And be it farther resolved, Tint said railroad cuns-
pany shaU make reports annually, or oiiener. if
required by the Secretary or' the Interior, of iis
condition and transactions, and containing all tuck
in formation as said Secretary may rerinirc, and in
such form and verified in such manner as he may
require. And the United States sliall have the right,
at ail times, to take possession of and own tho road
of said company, and all its appurtcnances, on pay-
ing the actual and legitimate cost thereof, exclusive
of the value of the lauds granted to said company
and the proceeds thereof.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for a division of
the question, so that the two propositions
embraced in this amendment may be voted
on separately.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I have no objection to
that. *
The SPEAKER. The amendment is divis-
ible, and any member has the right to call for
a separate vote.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to say that the
provision of the amendment is already the law.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The last clause of tlie
amendment is not in the existing law.
The SPEAKER. The lirsfc division of the
amendment, upon which a separate vote is
demanded, will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
And be it further resolved, That said railroad com-
pany shall make reports annually, or oflencr, ii' re-
quired by the Secretary of tho Interior, of its con-
'dition and transactions, and containing all such
information as said Secretary may require, and m
suoh form and verified in such manner as he may
require.
The question being put on rigreein^ to the
first division of the amendment of Mr. Law-
eexce,
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the
Chair the "noes" have it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I cail for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas t>2, nays 95, not voting
72 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Asper, Beatty,
Beok, Bird, James Brooks, Buffinton, Burchard,
Cessna, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dickinson, Donley, Duval, Dyer,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg.Getz, Haldeman, JIawley,
Hay, Heflin, Holman, Kerr, Knott, Lawrence. Lewi?,
MarshalijMcGrew.MeNeely,Mercur, Jesse II. Moore,
William Moore, Morgan, Orth, Packard, Packer,
Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Rogers,
Sargent, Shanks, Stevenson, Stiles, Tyner,Van Wyck,
Voorhces, Ward, Williams, John T. Wilson, Winans,
Witcher, and Woodward—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Atwood, Ax-
tell, Ayer, Bailey, Baruiun, Barry, Bennett, Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Booker, Rowen, Boyd, George M.
Brooks, Buckley, Burdett, Benjamin F.Butler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Churchill, William T.
Clark, Conger, Conner, Covodo, Cowles, Degener,
Dixon, Dockery, Dox, Forriss, Ferry, Fitch, Fox, Gar-
field, Hale, Hamilton, Harris. Hays, Hoar, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Johnson, Kelley. Kellogg, Kelscy. Ketch-
am, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Logan, Lynch, Mayhara,
Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, McKenzie, Morphis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Myers, Negley, News-
ham, O'Neill, Paine, Peck, Peters, Phelps, Poland,
Pomeroy,Roots,Sawyer, Schumaker, Porter Sheldon,
Shcrrod, Shober. Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, William Smyth,Starkweather,Stokes, Stone,
Stoughton, Strickland, Tanner, Taylor, Townsend,
Trimble, Twichell, Van Anken, Wheeler, Wilkinson,
and Eugene M. Wilson—95.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Arnell,
Banks, Beaman, Beniaimn,Bi<4gs,Boles,l>uek,Burr,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Davis, Dawes, Dickey,
Kia, Kldridge, Fisher, Gibson, Gillillan, Griswold,
Haight, Ilambleton. lJamill, Hawkins, Heaton, Hill,
Hoge, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander 11. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, J udd, J uUavs, Loughridge, McCor-
nnck, McCraiy, Milnes Eliakim II. Moore, Samuel
P. Morrill, Mnnecen, Niblack, Palmer, Perce, Piatt,
Porter. Prosser, Sant'ord, Schcnck, Scofield, Lionel
A. Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, Stevens, Strader, Strong, Swann, Sweeney,
Tuffe, Tillman, Upson, Van Horn, Van Tramp,
O.idwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welkcr, Wells, Whitinore, Willaad, Winchester, and
Wood—:•*.
So the House rejected the first part of Mr.
LAWREXC E5 M amendment
The question next recurred on ihe second
part, as follows :
And the United States shall have tho right, at all
tunes, to take possession of and own the road of said
company, and all its appurtenances, on paying the
actual and legitimate cost thereof, exclusive of the
value of the lands granted to said company and the
proceeds thereof.
Mr. LAWRENCE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
twenty-nine ; not a sufficient number.
Mr. 1IOLMAN demanded tellers on the yras
and nays.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
thirty-live.
The SPEAKER, More than enough to order
the yeas and nays, and if there be no objection
the yeas and nays will be considered as ordered.
There was no objection.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas $2, nays 115, not voting
02 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Arnell, Asper,Beatty. James
Brooks, Butfinton, Burchard, Cessna, Sidney Clarke,
Coburn, Cook, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dickinson, Du-
val, Dyer, Eia,Farnsworth,FmkelnburgvHaideman,
Hawley,llay,lleflin,Holman, Ingersoll, Knott, Law-
rence, Lewis, Marshal], McGrew, McNeely, Eliakim
H. Moore.William Moore, Morphis, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Sargent,
Shanks, William J. Smith, Stiles, Tyner,Van Wyck,
Williams, Winans, Witcher, and Woodward—i'2.
NAYS—Messrs.Allison,Ames, Archer, Armstrong,
Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Burnum, Bairy,
Beck, Bennett, Benton, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Blair,
Booker, Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buckley,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Calkin, Cnurehill, Cleveland, Clinton L.
Cobb, Conger, Coimer,Covode,Cowles, Davis, Dawes,
Dixon, Dockery, Don ley, Dox, Ferriss, Ferry, Fitch,
Gctriield, Getz, Hale, Hamill,Hamili on, Harris, Ha\s,
Hoar, Hooper. Hotchkiss, Johnson, Kolley, Kel-
logg, Kelsev, Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflm, La<h,
Logan, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Mc-
Kenzie,^! ercur,Daniel J.Morrell, Samuel P. MonilJ,
Morris-ey, Mvers, N egley,New5hatu, O'JS eiii, Paine,
Peck, Perce, Phelps, Pol and, Pomeroy, Prosper, Roots,
Sawyer, Schenck, Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon, Shcrrod, Shober, John A. Smith,
Joseph S. Smith, Worthmglon (J. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes, Stone, Stoughton,
Strickland. Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor,Townsend,
Trimble. Twichell, Upson, Van Auken, Voorhces,
Ward, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Wilkinson,
and Eugene M. Wilson—115.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Banks, Beaman,
Benjamin, Boles, Buck, Burr, William. T. Claik,
Amasa Cobb, Degener,Dickey,Eidruige,Fisher. Fox,
Gibson, Gilfilian. Griswold, ilaight.Hambleton, Haw-
kins, Heaton, Hill, Hoge, Jenckes, Alexander R.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Loughridge,
Mayham, McCormick, McCrary, Milnes, IX.
Moore, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Palmer, Peters,
Plate, Porter, Ridgway, Rogers, Saniord, Scoficld,
Sioenm, Stevens, Stevenson. Strader, Swann, Swee-
ney, Tillman, Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Walker. Wells, Whitmore, Willard,
John '£, Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—62,
So the House rejected the second part of
Mr. Lawrence's amendment.
The question next recurred on Mr. Coburx's
amendment, as follows:
Insert after tho word "point," in line sixteen,
these words: "not exceeding three hundred milos
east of, the western terminus, so as to provide that
the branch shall not be over three hundred miles in
length." '
Strikeout, in lines live, six, seven, and eight, these
words: * and to secure the same ny mortgage on iis
property and rights of property of all kinds and
descriptions, real, personal, and mixed, including its
franchise as a corporation/' and insert these words:
'and to secure the same by mortgage upon the
tracks, depots, rolling stock, and other personal
property alone."
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a division of the
vote on that proposition.
The SPEAKER. The vote will be taken on
the first part of the amendment, as follows:
Insert after the word "point,'' in line sixteen,
these woids: "not exceeding three hundred miles
east of the western terminus, so as to provide that
the branch shall not be over three hundred miles in
length."
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas G8, nays 100, not voting
01 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Asper,
Beatty, Bingham, Bird, James Brooks, Buflinton,
Cessna, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb. Co-
burn, Cook, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dickinson, Donley,
Duval, Dyer, Kla, Bldridtfe, Farnsworth, Fmkeln-
hunr, GriswcId, Haight, lialdeman, Ilawley, Hay,
Heflin, Holman, Ingersoll, Judd, Knott. Lawrence,
Lewis, Marshall, McCrary, McGrew, McNeely, Mer-
eur,William Mooro, Morgan, Oi th, Packard, Packer,
Paine, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Sar-
gent, Shanks, JohnA.Smith, William J.South, Ste-
venson, Stiles, Tyner, Upson, Van Wyck, Voorhces
Wnrd,TWilliams, Winans, and Witcher—63.
NAYS—Mesws. Ames, Archer. Armstrong, Atwood,
Axtell, Ayer, Baiioy, Barnurn, Barry, Bennett, Den-
ton, Blair, Booker, Bowcn, Boyd, Georgo M. Brooks,
Buckley, Burdett.Roderick R.Bulier, Cake, Calkin,
Churchill,WilliamT. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger,
Cornier, Covode, Dawes, Degener, Dixon, Dox,Fer-
riss. Ferry, Fitch, Fox, Garneid, Getz, liamiii, ihtr-
i is, Hays, Roar,Hooper. IL.tchkiss, Johnson, Kelley,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp. Laflm, Lash, Logan,
Lynch,_ Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, McKenzie,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Mornsscy,Myers. Neg-
ley, Newsham, O'Neill, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps,
Poland, Pomeroy, Rogers, Roor.', Sawyer, fechenck,
Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheiuon,
Sherrod, bhober, Joseph S. Smith, Worthingion C.
Smith,William bmy th, Starkweather, Stoker Stone,
Stoughton, Swann, T.ifte, Tanner, Tajloi, Tillman,
Townsend, Trimble, Twichell, VanAuken, Wiiham
B. Washburn, Wheeler, Whitiuoxe, Wilkinson,
Luuene M. Wihon, and Woodward—1U0.
NOT VOTING—Mos<rs. Adams, Banks, Beaman,
Beck, Benjamin. JMg^s, Boles, Buck, Burohard,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, C'owles, Davis, Dickey,
Doekcry, Fisher, Gibson, GiUilian, li<i.!c, liam-
bletou, Hamilton, Hawkins, Heaton, Hill, Hoge,
J enckes, Alexander 11. J tines, Thouuia L. Jones, Ju-
lian, Kellogg, Kerr, Loughridge, Mayham, McCor-
lniek, Milnes, Fliakim H. Mooie, Je-j&e 11. Moore,
Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Niblack, Palmer, Piatt,
Porter, Prosser, Saniord, Scolield, Slocum, Steverr-,,
Snader, Strickland, Strong, Sweeney, Van Horn,
Va.n Trump, Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Welker,
Wells, Willard, John T. Wilson, Winchester, and
Wood—63.
So the first part of the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on the second part
of Mr. Uoiiuux's amendment, as follows :
Strike out in lines five, six, seven, and eight these
words: ' and to secure the same by mortgage on its
property and rights of propeity of all kinds and
descriptions, real, personal, and mixed, including its
franchise as a corporationand insert these words:
" and to secuicthc same by nioi tgoge on its tracks,
depots, rolling stock, and other personal property
a) one."
Mr. IIOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 59, nays 107, not voting
Go ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Aincll, Asper, Beatty,
Bird, Butiinton, Btirchaid, Cessna, Sidney CUrkc,
Cleveland, AmasaCobb, Coburn, Cook, Crebs, Cnl-
lom, Dickinson, Duval, Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Fmkelnburg, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Ha>v -
ley, Hay, Hefhn, Holman, Ingcrsoli, Judd, Kerr,
Knott, Lawrence, Lewis. Marshall, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, McNeely, Jesse 11. Moore, William Mooie,
Morgan, Orth, Packard, Packei, Randall. Reeve-,
I-Uoe, Sarsont,Shanks.Wiiham J. Snutn, Stevonsuii,
Stiles, Tyner, Upson,Van Wyck, Voorhees, Wilham^,
Winans, and Witcher—59.
