1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1963
Currency, like the gentlemen who have thus far
addressed the House, I can have no possible
personal interest in the disposition of this ques-
tion. Therefore what suggestions I may offer
here are simply in the lino of my duty as a
member of this House, and proceed from the
desire that the correct principles regulating the
reference of bills should not be departed from
in this instance. The Committee of Ways and
Means is a committee which was established
at the original establishing of the Government
itself. Until the commencement of the war it
had the entire control of all subjects appertain-
ing directly or indirectly to the raising of rev-
enue, to everything that pertained to the cur-
rency, and to the other fiscal interests of the
country. It was only at the commencement of
the war, when the Government organized its
national bankingsystem, that the Committee on
Banking and Currency was created and received
an existence. Now, the rule which has been
referred to by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Judd] expressly declares and defines the duties
of that committee. It was created when we
passed the banking law and established the
national banking system; and was created with
express reference to questions belonging to that
new department of the Government. The rule
declares that they "shall take into consider-
ation all propositions relative to banking and
the currency." Well, now, I apprehend, Mr.
Speaker, that there can be no difficulty in
ascertaining the extent and limitations of that
power. Any question which may come before
this House relating to the organization of the
banks or relating to any change or alteration
of the system by which the banks were origin-
ally established would be a proper question
to be referred to that committee.
Now, as regards the duties of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, the rule says that
they shall be empowered to consider1' all reports
of the Treasury Department." Well, sir, this
funding proposition, which comes to us from
the Senate, originated in the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to Congress. His an-
nual report makes the recommendation that
Congress shall pass an act to fund the public
debt; and he points out what he considers
should be embraced in that act, very much as
the Senate has passed this bill. And it must
also be conceded that all matters affecting the
public credit and affecting the public debt,
relating to the ways and means by which the
Governmentis to be carried on and maintained,
must necessarily go to that committee. There-
fore, sir, I think there can be no question that
this being a bill to fund the public debt, in
effect proposing to retire $1^00,000,000 of
the existing debt, and to create a new debt
with a new rate of interest, new bonds to be
sent to Europe to find new customers, it cer-
tainly provides for the absolute creation of a
new debt, and cannot go, under the rules of
this House, to any other committee than the
Committee of Ways and Means. For these
reasons I shall vote for the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to refer
this bill to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. I had not expected that
I would be required to add anything to what
I have already said on this subject. Bat it is
perhaps necessary that I should do so, in con-
sequence of the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Judd.] The gentleman from
Illinois seemed to think that I applied the word
"dabbling" in a disparaging sense to the
Committee on Banking aud Currency. The
gentleman misunderstood me entirely. Illus-
trating my point by whathad been stated by my
colleague, the chairman of that committee, [My.
Garfield.] that they were entitled to get this
bill because they had been engaged on this
subject, I said then, as I repeatnow, that it
does not follow because a committee dabbles ^
with what does not belong to it in the way of h
previous preparation or discussion therefore n
it should have jurisdiction of that subject I h
illustrated by supposing that T should bave
prepared a judiciary bill. It would not on
that account bring to the Committee of Ways
and Means that which should properly go to
the Committee on the Judiciary. I mean no
disparagement to the Committee on Banking
and Currency; I recognize its ability from the
chairman all the way through ; but I say that
this funding bill—a bill which relates to au
issue of new bonds to be put upon the market
and disposed of in various ways, with a view
of changing the form of the public debt and
getting it invested at a lower rate of interest—
belongs by the rules and by all the usage and
practice from the beginning to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and that to refer it to any
other committee would be a vote of a want of
confidence in that committee, and so we should
have to regard it. I admit that when the old
Committee of Ways and Means existed under
the former organization of the committees it
had upon it all the duties which now are in-
trusted to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency. It had also, under that organization,
all the duties to perform which relate to the
business of the Committee on Appropriations
as now constituted. It was found that all this
was too onerous and the business was divided
as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] says,
that which relates to banking and currency
being sent to a new committee created to have
charge of such matters, and that which relates
to appropriations sent to another committee to
have the charge thereafter strictly and only of
appropriations. It will so happen sometimes
that a bill may embody subjects where there
seems to be a sort of neutral ground, or where
there may be matters or points which involve a
concurrent jurisdiction, and this very possibly
is one of them. But it does not follow that if
in considering one general subject you bring in
incidentally something that relates to another
subject properly pertaining to another commit-
tee you are, therefore, on account of that inci-
dent, to send it to the committee which is thus
casually brought in through that subject of
investigation.
Now, this bill is, as has been said, a bill to
change the form of the public securities, to
furnish bonds of the Government to a new set
of customers, to take up the old securities in
exchange where it can be done, to make the
banks take the new bonds, and to have the
securities all at a lower rate of interest. Thus
the bill proceeds, providing for those matters
down to the last two sections, sections seven
and eight of the bill, and there come in the
provisions to which I have before referred. Ia
consequence of that I was led to make, perhaps
irreverently, the indecorous remark, as the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] seems to con-
sider it, that it was an attempt to make the
tail draw the body. Well, sir, I will retract
all that if it has given offense. I do not wish
to compare this bill, for it would be indecorous
perhaps towards the Senate, to either the broad-
tailed breed of sheep of the Cape of Good
Hope or to the beaver. It does flatten out
into a broad tail on the subject of banking so
far as the last two sections are concerned. But
even if yon look at these sections, what do they
amount to ? See how the seventh section
begins:
That on and after the 1st day of October, 1S70, regis-
terud bonds of any denomination not less than $1,000
issued under the provisions ofthis act. and no others,
shall be deposited with the Treasurer of the United
States as security for the notes of national banking
associations, &c.
The bill after having provided for these new
bonds provides that they shall be disposed of
to the banks and used as a basis of banking,
and then, in consequence of that, goes on and
modifies somewhat the system of banking, I
admit, by providing that the amount of issue
shall be brought down proportionately to the
new rate of interest.
Now, I will give the gentleman a proof that
that is but an incident. Cut the bill in two
and refer sections seven and eight to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, and refer the
first six sections to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and what would be the conse-
quence? The Committee of Ways and Means
would have a complete bill, complete in all its
parts, to consider, leaving out that feature
which requires the banks to take these bonds;
but the Committee on Banking and Currency
would have two sections to constitute the bill
under advisement by them which would have
no meaning at all, because separated from the
body of the bill. If you undertake to divide
the bill the last two sections have no meaning
separated from the first six sections, while the
first six sections are entirely independent and
constitute a complete bill without the last two
sections, whether we think the last two sec-
tions wholesome or not as distinct provisions.
Mr. COBURN. Will the gentleman yield
to a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] if the third
section of this bill does not also apply to cur-
rency in a radical way; whether it does not
provide for a funding of the entire legal-tender
currency ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know that it goes
to the extent of which the gentleman speaks;
but if it does it is peculiarly appropriate to the
business of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. COBURN, The point I desire to make
is this: the gentleman has all along been insist-
ing that there are but two sections of this bill
that apply to banking and currency.
Mr. SCHENCK. So I say yet.
Mr. COBURN. I say that the third section
of this bill is radical upon that question, and
it provides for funding the entire legal-tender
currency at four per cent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not take back any-
thing I have said upon that point; and a care-
ful examination of the bill will show tkat I am
correct. This third section relates entirely to
the question of funding.
Now, sir, at the beginning of this session of
Congress this House put a construction upon
the duties of the Committee of Ways and Means
as applicable to that which we would have to
consider at this session. I beg leave to read
a resolution of the House of December 7,1869,
which apportioned to the Committee of Ways
and Means that portion of the President's
annual message and the accompanying docu-
ments pertaining to the business interests of
the country. That resolution is as follows:
"Resolved, That so much of the annual message of
the President of the United States to the two Houses
of Congress at the present session, together with the
accompanying documents, as relates to the public
finance and taxation, to the receipts into the Treas-
ury, and to the ways and means of supporting aud
meeting the liabilities of the Government, be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means."
There can be no question, therefore, it seems
to me, about the whole ground having been cov-
ered by construction by the House in giving to
us our duties under the division made of the
President's message.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will do so.
Mr. RANDALL. According to my mind
the propriety of referring this bill to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is hardly suscepti-
ble of controversy. The object of this bill, as
claimed by its friends, is the reduction of the
rate of interest on the bonded debt of the Uni-
ted States; in other words, a reduction in the
rate of taxation. Now, there is nobody in this
House but what will say that the subject of the
reduction or increase of taxation properly be-
longs to the Committee of Ways ana Means.
Every part of this bill, whether the first section
j or the third section, the seventh and eighth or
the banking sections, every section of tins bill
relates to the subject of the reduction of the
rate of interest. In other words, as I saii
before, it is a question of the reduction oi the
rate of taxation, and properly belongs to the
Committee of Ways and Means. That portion
