1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4795
moment she is a State in this Union, having
all the rights and all the power, under the
Constitution, of her sister States, if one of
the conditions under which she is admitted is
violated, then tell me what will be the action
of Congress. Will you kick her out again?
Is that the manner in which you will proceed?
Or do you admit her, saying she has the same
rights as other States? And if she has the
same rights as other States, then she has the
right, through her judiciary, to construe her
own State constitution, so that that construc-
tion is not in violation of the Constitution of
the United States. That is my theory in refer-
ence to the admission of States.
As I said, Georgia is either entitled to rep
resentation on this floor, as is your State or
mine, or else she is not entitled to come in at
all. If we go back, there are some reasons
why she should be admitted on an equality
with other States. Some say there is turbu-
lence, turmoil, and strife down there in Geor-
gia. If that strife is of such a condition, or
such a character, I would say, as to preclude
you from believing she is entitled to admis-
sion, that is a sufficient reason for not allow-
ing her to have representation. If it is not of
that character, then it is no reason against her
having representation. But admit that it is
not of that character—and all the bills and all
of the propositions admit that the first thing—
then why impose conditions? By the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts the
State of Georgia is prohibited from doing cer-
tain things hereafter. What are those things?
They are acts in violation of the Constitution
of the United States. Bat if the Constitution
of the United States is worth a straw, she
cannot do those things anyhow. If she does
them she violates the Constitution; and we
have the same remedy as if any other State
should do an unconstitutional act.
I voted heretofore for the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham,] and I
will vote for it again if the proposition which
I prefer, that of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] should be voted down.
It is proposed to authorize an election. How
laid wheu? Under and by virtue of the State
constitution. If the State constitution requires
that an election shall be held on a certain day,
then the State officers are bound to hold an
election on that day. If such an election is
not required, then none need be held. The
question whether the constitution requires an
election or not is a question of construction
for the decision of the courts. If that be so,
then it is nothing but fair to let Georgia have
the same opportunity that you allow to other
States.
"But," it is said,'1 the officials of Georgia will
be perpetuated in office." Now, so far as I am
concerned, I am utterly opposed to perpetuat-
ing men in office. If the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr.DAWEs] should
be adopted by this House and the Senate, and
under it Georgia should be admitted, and if the
men who were admitted to seats in the last
Congress should come here and say, " Our
term under our commission commences only
from the admission of the State under this last
act of Congress," I would say tothem, "Go
away from here; you have no right in this Con-
gress ; you were elected to another and a dif-
ferent Congress." No one, I believe, could
fairly construe this proposition so as to allow
men elected to a former Congress to come here
and in virtue of that election take seats in this
Congress. In my judgment there would have
to be a new election of members of Congress,
unless such an election should be held agree-
ably to the law and the constitution of Georgia.
I would not vote to admit to seats here any of
these men who might present themselves ; nor
do I believe any reasonable man would do so.
If these men are staying here for the puipose
of claiming seats in virtue of an election to a
former Congress, I say to them, so far as I am
concerned, that they cannot have my vote to
assist them in any such purpose.
In_voting upon this question I act upon the
conviction that every State, when she has per-
which has been required by acts
of Congress as^a qualification for admission,
when all conditions imposed have been com-
plied with fully and completely, as the report
on the case of Georgia declares that she has
done, then Congress has but one duty to per-
form ; ^ and that is to say to the State, '' Having
complied with the conditions-precedent, you
are_ entitled to representation in Congress."
This, in my judgment, is all that ought to be
said to any State which has thus complied with
the requirements of law.
Now,^ I have never been in any great hurry
to admit any of these insurrectionary States
into the Union. My theory in reference to the
rebellious States is that by their rebellion they
disrobed themselves of all their rights as States
of this Union. Three elements are required
to make a State—territory, population, and a
republican form of government. Rebellion
having destroyed one of these component ele-
ments—a republican form of government—I
hold that such a State must, by some act in
consonance with laws of the United States,
rehabilitate itself, so that it may again have
the character of Statehood.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, addressed
the House. [His remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] to the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry. Was not the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] the first
amendment offered to perfect the text of the
Senate bill; and is it not the first amendment
to be voted on?
The SPEAKER. That is an amendment to
the substitute offered by the committee, is it
not?
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, no.
Mr. DAWES. I understand my amendment
to be the first offered to the text, being a sub-
stitute for the text. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] offers his as an addi-
tion to mine, and the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] proposes another addition.
The SPEAKER. Of course those would
have to be voted on before the proposition of
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts correctly states the question. I raise
the point of order that the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois, having been offered
before that of the gentleman from Ohio, is the
first proposition to be voted on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair apprehends
that there need be no material difference on
this matter.
Mr. CULLOM. As there are a number of
amendments pending, I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] is regarded
as pending.
Several Members. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. In consequence of the
erroneous manner in which the amendments
have been printed, it will be necessary for the
House to give close attention in order to vote
intelligently upon the different propositions.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the Speaker please
state whether the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] is regarded
as pending?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly it is.
The SPEAKER. It is; because it was
agreed that all amendments offered should be
allowed to be voted on.
Mr. DAYIS. And that is the first proposi-
tion to be voted on.
The SPEAKER. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] is
to be voted on prior to that of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] the amendment
ot the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Dickey,] which is an amendment to theamend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, is the first
question to be voted on. The Clerk will read
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strikeout, in the amendment ofMr. Farnsworth
the words "in the year 1870;" so that the clause will
read:
But nothing in this act contained shall be construed
to deprive the people of Georgia of the right to an
election for members of the General Assembly of said
State, as provided for in the constitution of said State.
The question recurred on Mr. Dickey's
amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
79, noes 55.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the yeas
and nays. I want to see who are the men who
vote one way one day and another way the
next day.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 71, not voting
36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Aspor, Atwood, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Ben-
jamin, Bennett, Benton, Boles, Boyd, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, William
i- Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Covode.Cullom, Davis,
Dawes, Degener, Dixon, Donley, Dyer, Eia, Ferris,--,
Ferry, Fisher, Fiteh, Gilfillan, Hale, Hamilton, Har-
ris, Hay, Hays, Heflin, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Retcham, Knapp, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Maynard, McCrary, MoKoe, William Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, New-
sham. O'Neill, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy,
Porter, Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
William J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather.
Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland,
Strong, Taffe, Taylor, Tillman, Twichell, Tyner,
Yan Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wheeler. Whitmore, Wilkinson, Williams, and
John T. Wilson—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beaman,
Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Blair, James
Brooks,Burr, Calkin, Cleveland,Conner, Cox, Crebs,
Dickinson, Dockery, Dox, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Finkelnburg, Garfield, Getz, Griswold, Haiglit, Hal-
deman, Ilambleton, Hawkins. Holman, Jenekes,
J ohnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg, Knott. Laflin,
Lewis, Marshall, Mayham, MeCormick, McKenzie,
McNeely, J esse II. Moore, Morgan, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Nibiack, Orth, Potter, Reeves, Rice, Rogers,
Schumaker, Sherrod, Shober, Slocum, John A. Smith,
Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Sweeney, Trimble,
Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wells, Eugene M.
Wilson, Winans, Wood, and Woodward—71.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ayer, Barnum, Booker,
Bowen, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cowles, Dickey,
Duval, Fox, Gibson, Hamill, Hawley, Heaton, Hoge,
Hotchkiss, Kerr, Lynch, McCarthy, McGrew, Mer-
cur, Milnes, Bliakim H. Moore, Samuel P. Monill,
Randall, Ridgway, Schenck, Worthington C. Smith,
Strader, Swann, Tanner, Townsend, Voorhees, Wil-
lard, Winchester, and Witcher—36.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. STRADER stated that he had paired
with Mr. Moore, of Ohio, who would vote
"ay," while he would vote "no."
Mr. RANDALL stated that he was paired
with his colleague, Mr. Dickey, who would
vote in the affirmative, while he would vote in
the negative.
Mr. ARCHER stated that his colleague,
Mr. Hamill, was paired with Mr. Doval, who
would vote in the affirmative, while he would
vote in the negative.
Mr. TANNER stated that hewas paired with
Mr. Morrill, of Maine, who would vote in the
affirmative, while he would vote in the neg-
ative.
Mr. PLATT stated that Mr. Ayer was paired
with Mr. Ridgway, and that the latter would
vote in the negative, while the former would
vote in the affirmative.
Mr. LAFLIN stated that Mr. Mercur, who
would vote in the affirmative, was paired with
Mr. Kerr, who would vote in the negative.
