8852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
KAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Arm-
strong, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Barnum,
Barry, Bennett. Benton, Bingham, Blair, Booker,
Bowem Boyd, Buckley, Burdett, Roderick R. But-
ler, Cake, Calkin,Churchill, William T.Clark, Con-
ifer, Conner, Covode, Cowles, Dawes, Degener, Dixon,
Doekery. Box, Ferris?, Ferry, Fitch, Fox, Garfield,
Gefcz, Hale, Ilamill, Hamilton, Harris, Hays, Hoar,
Hooper, flotchkiss, Johnson, ICelley, Kellogg, ICel-
sey, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Logan, Lynch,
Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, McKenzie. Mercur,
Baniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Myers, Negley, New-
sham, O'Neill, Paine, Peck,Peters, Phelps, Poland,
Poraeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sawyer, Sehenck, Sehu-
maker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sher-
rod, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington
' C. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes,
Stone, Stoughton. Strickland, Swann.Taffe, Tanner,
Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Twiehell, Van
Auken.Ward, WUiiamB. Washburn, \Yheeler, Whit-
more, Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, and Wood-
ward—107.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Banks, Beaman,
Beck, Bonjamin, Biggs, Boles, George M. Brooks,
Ja.mes Brooks, Buck, Burr, Benjamin F. Bntler,
Clinton L. Cobb, Cox, Davis, Dickey, Donley, Dyer,
Fisher, Gibson. Giillllan, llamblcton, Hawkins,
Hoaton, Hill, Hoge, Jenckes, Alexander 1L, Jones,
ThomasL. Jones, Julian,Loughridge, Mayham, Mc-
Corrmck.MUnes, Jhlliakimli. Moore, Morphis, Sam-
uel Morrill, Mungen, Nibla.ck, Palmer, Perce,
Piatt, Porter, Potter, Kidgway, Rogers, Saniord,
Scofield.Shobcr, Slocum, Stevens, Strader, Strong,
Sweeney, Van Horn. Van Trump, Cadwalader (j.
Washburn, Welker, Wells, Willard, JohnT. Wilson,
Winchester, and Wood—63.
So the second part of the amendment was
not agreed to.
The next amendment was that offered by
Mr. Williams, as follows:
Add to the fir&t section the following :
And be it farther provided, That the grants of lands
herein stipulated to said company are made upon
tho express condition that the Congress ot the United
States reserves tho right to regulate and limit tho
rates of height,and fare of passengers on said road,
whenever, in the opinion of Congress, the samesball
become uoco&s.iry to protect commerce among tho
i>evcr.al States,
Mr. IIOLMAN called for tlieyeasand nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 72, nays 05, not voting
62 'y as follows:
YEAS— Mopsrs, Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Aspor,
Boatty, BuiUnton, Burehnrd, Cessna, Sidney Clarke,
Amas.i Cobb, Cook, Cowles, Cox, Crobs, Cullom,
Dawes, Degener, Dickinson, Donley, Duval, Dyer,
FHa, Eldndgo, Fmkeluburg, Garfield, Ilajdeman,
Hamilton, Hawkins, llawley, Iiay, Hellin, Holman,
Ingcu'Soli, Johnson, Judd, Knot*, Lawrence, Lewis,
MsCrary, McGrow, McNeely, Mercur, Eliakim H.
Moore. William Moore, Nowsham, Orth, Packard,
Paoker, Paine, Poineroy, Potter, Randall, Reoves,
Rico, Sargent, Shanks, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Strong, Tyner,
Upson, Van Wyck, Ward, William i$. Washburn.
Williams, John T. Wilson, Winans, Witcher, and
Woodward—7*.
NAYS—Messrs.Araos Armstrong, Atwood, Axtell,
Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Barry, Bennett.Bird,
1. vuwiuu, j-ziAuii, uui, x'ornss, xorry,   
Pox, UcU, lhught, Hainill, Harris, Hays, Hoge,
Hooncr. Hotchkiss, Kellry, Kollogg, KoJsoy, Kerr,
Kctotiiini, Knapp, Lailm, Lash, Lynch, ilay-
liani, MuyniirJ, McCarthy, McKco, Morphis, Daniel
J, Morrell, Morrisscy, Myers, Ncglcy, O'Neill, Peck,
Pcrco, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Proiser, Hunts. Saw-
yer. Sehenck, Schumakcr, Lionel A. Sholdon, Porter
Sheldon, Shorrod, Shobcr, Joseph S. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, William .Smyth, .Starkweather,
Stokes, Stone, Stoughton, Strickland, T'alre, Tanner,
Jaylor, iijlman, Townsend, Trimble, Twiehell, Van
Auken, Whooler, Wliitiuore, Wilkinson, and iiugeno
M. Wilson—95.
HOT VOTIjSG—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Beaman,
Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Biggs, Bingham, Bole--,
James Brooks, Buck, Burdett, Burr, Benjamin P.
Butler, Coburn, Davis, Dickey, Dockcry, Parns-
worth, Fisher, Gibson, Gillillan, Unsvvold, Hale,
Hambletoii, lloaton, Hill, lloar, Jenckes, Alexander
H. Jones, Xhomas L. Jones, .iuh:ni, Loughridge,
Marshall, McGormick, Mfilvenxic, Milnes, Jesse II.
Moore Morgan. Samuel P. Morrill, Mung-en, Nib-
lack, Palmer Piatt, Porter, Ridgway, Rogers, San-
iord, bcoheld, Slocum, Strader, Swann, Sweeney,
Van Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees, Oalwalador C.
Washburn, V, elkcr, Wells, Willard, Winchester,and
Wood—02.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. All the amendments have
now been voted on, and the question recurs
upon ordering the joint resolution to a third
reading.
Mr. CREBS. The amendment offered by
myself has not been voted on.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the
Chair that all the amendments offered have
been voted upon.
. Mr. CREBS. It was the understanding yes-
terday with the chairman of the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad that all the amendments
offered should be voted on.
The SPEAKER. The understanding was—
and the Chair would be glad to be corrected
if he is wrong—that liberty should be given to
those gentlemau who had offered amendments
which had been referred and printed, and even
to those who had not so offered amendments,
to offer them yesterday j but the Chair did not
understand that any amendments were to be
voted on which were not offered yesterday.
Mr. WHEELER. The Chair states the fact.
The SPEAKER. The fullest liberty was
given to offer amendments yesterday, and only
those amendments were pending which were
then offered.
Mr. CREBS. I did not so understand it.
Mr. WH IiELER. I did not objectto amend-
ments being offered yesterday, even if they had
not been offered for reference to the committee.
The SPEAKER. Some amendments were
so offered. The gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Ela] offered an amendment which
had not been referred to the committee.
Mr. WHEELER. I was perfectly willing that
gentlemen who had had amendments printed
should offer them yesterday for the considera-
tion of the House.
Mr. CREBS. I so understood.
The SPEAKER. But the Chair did not
understand the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Crmss] to rise and offer his amendment yes-
terday.
Mr. WHEELER. I meant that gentlemen
should offer their amendments yesterday for
tho consideration of the House.
The SPEAKER. There is 110 rule of the
House that could construe amendments as
pending because they were referred to a com-
mittee and not reported back by that com-
mittee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to sustain the
view taken by my colleague, [Mr. Cubes.] I
distinctly understood the gentleman from New
York who has charge of this joint resolution
[Mr. Wheeler] . to consent that all amend-
ments heretofore offered should be voted on.
Mr. WHEELER. That is right.
Mr. INGERSOLL. „And I would refer to
the record in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled
to state that he understood the matter as the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler]
has stated. Under the rules there could be but
two amendments pending, and all the others
were received by unanimous consent yester-
day, and by unanimous consent now other
amendments may be received and voted on.
Mr. MAYNARD. I certainly had the
understanding of the matter which the Chair
has expressed. There was an amendment
introduced by mo and referred, with the joint
resolution, to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad; but as I did not think proper to offer
it yesterday, I did not regard it as pending.
The SPEAKER. That is the construction
the Chair would be compelled to put upon it.
Is there objection to other amendments being
offered and voted on at this time ?
Mr. NEGLEY and others objected.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suppose the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wheeler] desires
his action of to-day to be consistent with his
promise of yesterday?
Mr. WHEELER. Certainly; and I am will-
ing to abide by the record.
Mr. INGERSOLL, Let me read from the
record in the Globe:
"Mr. Ingersoll. Is it not in order before second-
ing the previous question to ask that by unanimous
consent tho amendments which have been offered
shall be considered as in Committee of the Whole
allowing five-minutes debate, pro and con, on eacli
amendment as it comes up for action ?
^ " Tile Speakkk. That is a matter requiring- unan-
imous consent.
" Mr. Wheeler. I object to that.
"TheSpeaker. The Chair understands the gen-
tleman from New Y ork to have yielded to the a rnend-
mentsofthe gentleman from Illinois (Mr. IIawley]
and the amendment of the gentleman from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Sargekt.] „ , , , , . ,
"Mr. Randall. I offered an amendment, which
is also pending.
" Mr. Wheeler. Ihave agreed that a voteshouldbe
taken on whatever amendments have been offered."
Mr. WHEELER. Exactly, and that I stand
to now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let me read on.
"The Speaker. Does tho gentleman admit all
amendments which gentlemen have given notice
they will offer?
"Mr. Wheeler. I do not object to votes being
taken on the amendments which have been offered."
And the amendments I refer to were offered,
and ordered to be printed and referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and now
they should be voted 011.
Mr. WHEELER. I was willing that all
amendments offered in the House yesterday
should be voted on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be
compelled to rule against the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. In-gersoll.]
Mr. CREBS. Amendments were offered
after that time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized
every member who desired to offer an amend-
ment yesterday ; and an invitation was given
to all gentlemen who desired to offer amend-
ments to do so at that. time. The Chair re-
grets that any misunderstanding should have
ensued, and be again asks the House if there
is objection to other amendments being offered
and voted upon at this time.
Mr. KELSEY and others objected.
Mr. WINANS. I offered an amendment
which was printed at the time this joint res-
olution was referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad. I certainly understood, from
wliat was said on yesterday by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wheeler,] that my
amendment was pending and would be voted
on ; otherwise I should have renewed it by
again offering it. I would like very much now
to have unanimous consent to have a vote
taken on that amendment.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that this joint res-
olution be laid on the table.
Mr. SARGENT and Mr. HOLMAN called
for the yeas and nays on the motion to lay on
the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question-was then ,taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 77, nays 109,
not voting 43 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Arnell, Asper,
Beatty, Biggs, Bird, James Biooks, Bufflnton, Bur-
chard, Cessna. Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa
Oobb, Cook, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Bickinson, Duval,
l)yer, Jila. Lldridge, Parnsworth, Einkclnburg,
(tmswoW. Haight, Halo, Hawkins, IIawley, Hay,
Heflin, Hill, Ilolman, Ingersoll, Judd, Kerr, Knott,
Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall, McCrary, McGrew,
McNeely, BliakimH. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill.Orth, Pack-
ard, Pame, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice. Rogers,
baigent, Scofield, Shanks, John A. Smith, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Taylor, Tyner, Up-
son. Van Wyck, Voorhees, Ward, Williams, John
r. Wilson, Winans, Witcher. and Woodward—77.
NAYS—-Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, AtwoocL
Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Barry, Ben-
nett, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Booker, Bowen,
Boyd, _ George. M. Brooks, Buckley, Burdett,
Itodorick R. Butler, Oake, Calkin, Churchill, Wil-
liam T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Con-
ner, Covode, Cowies, Dawes, Degener, Dickey,
Dixon, Dockery, Dox, Fcrriss, Ferry, Fitch, Fox,
Garfield, Getz, Ilamill, Hamilton, Harris, Hays,
Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones, ICelley, Kellogg, Kolsey, Ivetchani, Knapp,
Lallin, Laah, Logan, Lynch, Mayham, Maynard,
MeCar.hy, McKee, McKenzie, Mercur, Morphis,
i/aniel J. Morrell, Morrisscy, Myers. Neglcy. New-
sham, O'Neill, Packer, Peck, Perce, Peters. Phelps,
Poland, Pomeroy,Prosser, Boots, Sawyer, Sehenck,
fecnumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
Shorrod, Shobcr,Josephs. Smith, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, fetokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Taffo, Tan-
ner, liilman, Townsend, Trimble, Twiehell, Van
William B. Washburn. Wheeler, Whitmore.
Wilkinson, and Eugene M. Wilson—109.
jNOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Beaman,
Beck, Benjamin, Boles, Buck, Burr, Benjamin F.
Buger, Cobura, Davis, Donley, Fisher, Gibson,
U-ufiilan, Haldeman, llambleton, ileaton, Uoge*
