APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[December 22,
Ho. oe Rbps.
Posted Telegraph—Mr. Washburn.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
promote all kinds of business to an extent that
few now can comprehend. If you desire to
pay any sum of money on a given day at New
Orleans, San Francisco, or any other point,
whether near or remote, you will have but to step
to a postal telegraph money-order office, deposit
the amount you desire to pay, with twenty cents
for a dispatch, and in an hour your corre-
spondent on the Pacific coast has your money.
The effect of this transfer to the Post Office
Department would be to greatly lessen the
expense of operating the telegraph, as in the
country the same persons who acted as post-
masters would operate the telegraph, and a
large amount now expended would be saved,
the telegraph would be brought directly home
to the people, and the number of dispatches
increased fourfold. Twelve months would see
your dispatches reach forty millions, giving a
revenue of $8,000,000, ample to cover all ex-
penses, keep the lines in order, and more than
pay the interest on the outlay. To go into the
details of the plan now is not possible, but
every facility should be given by the post office
for using the telegraph. Receptacles for dis-
patches or pillar-boxes should be set up at con-
venient points in all the cities,and the dispatches
collected and transmitted every half hour. Dis-
patches should be paid by stamps only, and the
whole system of keeping money accounts dis-
pensed with. The entire press of the country
could and should be supplied with news col-
lected byits agents at less rates than the favored
few at the present time, who arc forced to sac-
rifice their independence and uphold the exist-
ing monopoly that they may continue to have
telegraphic l'avors. It might be supposed at
first thought that the establishment in connec-
tion with the post would seriously interfere
with the transmission of letters by post, and
thus lessen the revenues of the Post Office
Department; but the experienceof other coun-
tries proves that the correspondence by letters
is largely increased where the postal telegraph
system has been established, Belgium and Swit-
zerland affording striking instances of such
increase. Mr. Scudamore, in his examination
before the committee of Parliament, gave it as
his opinion that the growth of telegraphy would
largely increase the growth of letters.
The press of Great Britain appears to have
been nearly unanimous in its demands that the
Government should take control of the telegraph
in that country, and have displayed an inde-
pendence which might be imitated advantage-
ously by some of our leading presses. Though
the leading telegraph companies of England
threatened the press that their dispatches would
be stopped in ease they did not cease their ad-
vocacy of the telegraph bill, they did not cease,
buttalked stronger and plainer than ever. As
a specimen of the attempted interference with
the freedom of the press I quote the following
Irom a letter addressed by the superintendent
of the telegraph to the proprietor of the Belfast
Whig, who had advocated the postal bill:
The time appears to have arrived when the direct-
ors should seriously consider whether the contract
with your journal should be continued, and I have
doubt they will come to a decision which may
attord you an opportunity of making your own news
arrangements on less exorbitant terms."
The committee, in examining the proprietor,
say:
. -,. Qi''-*t}onV£2. So that the company had the power
if i hey wished it of saying that you should not re-
ceive telegraphic news unless you took a particular
line in your paper on particular questions ?
Answer. Yes: of controlling: my action in tlio
management of my newspaper.
Question 1463. Is that a condition of things which
could bo tolerated by the editor of a newspaper?
■dnjieer. It is a condition of things that I should
not tolerate at any rate, and Isliould think itwouid
bo intolerable to any man of independence."
The freedom of the press of this country is
at the mercy of the Western Union Company.
The organ of the Western Associated Press
says to the members of the association:
Your attention is invited to the clause in our
contract with the telegraph company which forbids
us to encourage or support any opposition or compet-
ing telegraph company. That clause was to'the tel-
egraph company a valuable consideration 'for the fav-
orableterms upon which they contracted with us."
The third reason offered by the committee
why the Government should not control the
telegraph is that telegraphing is now satisfac-
torily conducted in this country, and at cheaper
rates than in Europe; and they adopt the state-
ment oftlieWestern Union Company, andassert
that the average rate for a dispatch in this
country is fifty-seven cents per message. With
this statement I take issue in its length and
breadth. The people are not satisfied with
existing rates; they are beyond the reach of
the great mass of the people, and nobody in
my section of the country can afford to use the
telegraph unless upon matters of the greatest
concern. There is no reason why the servant-
girl who works in the family of my friend from
Illinois should give him .a week's hard labor
for the privilege of sending ten words by tele-
graph to her friends in New York, just arrived
from Ireland, Norway, or Germany; and yet
she must do it. I am not satisfied to pay three
dollars for ten words to LaCrosse, Wisconsin,
or $3 G5 to St. Paul; nor are my constituents
satisfied with these rates. Tho statement of
the company, reechoed by the committee, as to
the average rate of sending a dispatch in this
country, is utterly deluaive, if not erroneous, as
I will show. If the statement is literally true
it only proves that a large number of messages
are sent between those points where very low
rates prevail, and but few between the places
where high rates prevail. Probably ninety-nine
messages are sent to Baltimore at ten cents to
one to Austin, Texas, at $5 50. Yet adding
together the ninety-nine Baltimore dispatches
with one to Austin, and averaging them, you
would have 15& cents as the cost of a message ;
and in this way the average of the Western
Union is obtained. To obtain the trueaverage
they should have taken the rate of messages
to the capital of each State from Washington,
and then strike the average. As they have
failed to do sq I will supply the omissiou. The
following table shows the cost of sending a dis-
patch of ten words to tho capital of each State
in the Union, except in the instances where
there were competing lines, in which cases I
have taken other points in the same Stale. In
this table I include none of the Pacific States,
which would considerably increase the average:
Dispatch of ten words to—
Ellsworth, Maine 
Keene, New Hampshire 
Montpelier, Vermont 
Waltnam, Massachusetts 
Bristol, Rhode Island 
Fairfield, Connecticut 
Geneseo, New York 
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 
Plamneld, New Jersey 
Mount Vernon, Ohio 
Annapolis, Maryland 
Lansing, Michigan  
Lafayette, Indiana   
Peoria, Illinois 
Fon du Lac, Wisconsin 
Minneapolis, Minnesota 
I)es Moines, Iowa 
St. Joseph, Missouri 
Little Rock, Arkansas 
New Orleans, Louisiana  
Jackson, Mississippi 
Montgomery, Alabama 
Atlanta, Georgia 
Columbia, Tennessee 
Charleston, South Carolina...
.Raleigh, North Carolina 
Tallahassee, Florida 
Lebanon, Kentucky 
Richmond, Virginia ""
Austin, Texas 
Lawrence, Kansas 
Omaha, Nebraska 
Average..
Miles
distance.
I
| Tariff.
i
741
; $210
445
| 1 75
559
j 2 00
350
: 1 75
433
1 30
£80
1 1-5
400
; 1 50
126
m
! 70
1 15
527
1 75
42
45
802
2 20
788
2 00
938
2 80
1,022
2 80
1,309
3 65
1,200
3 20
1,281
3 70
1,328
3 75
1,257
3 25
1,094
3 25
896
2 75
721
2 00
801
2 25
590
2 00
298
1 25
953
2 75
790
2 25
130
75
1,460
5 50
1,321
3 60
1,336
3 75
24,400
$78 25
753
$2 44
In this list I have been compelled to put some
townsthat had competing lines, yet I have shown
that the average price of a dispatch sent out from
this city to the different States is $2 44, the aver-
age distance being 753 miles, being about the
same distance as from the Lands End, England,
to Inverness,between which points a telegram of
twenty words, exclusive of address, is now sent
for two shillings or fifty cents in gold, and after
January 1, 1870, will be sent for one shilling.
But to bring the matter directly home to the
nine very respectable gentlemen composing the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
some of whom have thus far helped to sustain the
telegraph monopoly, and to show what propriety
there was in the statement'in their report that
telegraphing in this country is cheaper than in
any other, I make this declaration: that to send
a dispatch of twenty words to the nearest sta-
tion to the residence of the chairman of the
committee, to wit, Geneva, Illinois, costs three
dollars; to Grand Haven, Michigan, the resi-
dence of another member, $2 80; of the New
Jersey member, $1 25; the Massachusetts mem-
ber, $1 25 ; the Missouri member, four dollars;
the Indiana member, $2 50; the Kentucky mem-
ber, $2 50; the Nevada member, $9 28; and
the Oregon member, $15 50; being an average
of $4 67 ; or leaving out Oregon and Nevada,
$2 49 ; while to send a similar message to any
point in France a distance of 600 miles costs but
twenty cents, including address, and in Switzer-
land and Belgium, for any distance in those
countries, but ten cents, and in Denmark but
twelve and a half cents ; while on the 1st day of
January next a dispatch of twenty words may be
sent from the Land's End, England, to Inver-
ness, Scotland, (orcrossingthe Irish Channel by
submarine cable,) to Londonderry or Cork, in
Ireland, a distance about equal to that to the
townin Illinois where the chairman of that com-
mittee resides, for twenty-four cents, or one
twelfth of what the same dispatch can be sent for
from Washington to Geneva, Illinois; and the
British post office promises to reduce the same
at an early day to twelve cents for twenty words
to any point within the kingdom, and a dispatch
of twenty words may be sent from Marseilles,
in the south of France, to the north of Scotland,
crossing the Straits of Dover by submarine
cable and traversing two kingdoms,for fifty-five
cents; when to send a similar dispatch alike
distance to the home of the member of the
committee from Missouri will cost four dollars,
or about eight times what it costs abroad.
A further objection made by the Western
Union Company is that the postmasters would
be incompetent to manage the telegraph. This
objection was also urged by the British com-
panies, and to this point the parliamentary
committee gave close attention and became
satisfied that it was groundless.
Among the witnesses called was Sir Charles
Wheatstone, a very successful inventor in tele-
graphy, and after Professor Morse probably
the most able and distinguished man in tele-
graphic science in the world. As bearing on
this whole question and as being the testimony
of a man most competent to judge, I beg leave
to quote some portions of his testimony:
"Question 1090 by committee. Do you consider that
the (xovernment, m consequence of their having
already offices lor post office purposes, have ad van-
have? extension which no company could
. Answer. Yes; I think that great advantages exist,
principally on account of the no rents that would
have to be paid for the offices and perhaps the no
theie saIaries t0 the clerks are employed
"Question 1091. You think that the existing officcs
will Provide accommodation for the instru-
ments that will be necessary ?
j( Answer, I think so.
Question 1092. There may be a slight addition to
'arie!S .Vut of course the employes would bo
™ °r n V° ir*struments without employing por-
sonsi specially for tho purpose?
is 2uite obtain. I know of one
i exisfs on tho west coast of Scotland which
J? n1t.u'(sly worked by the ordinary shopkeepers of
,,ff02a^r0IBGlasgowto Inveraryand
• Qiull of Cantyro and Bute.
,. ~ Quezon 1093. You think that there would bono
ciiniculty in teaching the ordinary postmasters and
postmistresses and their assistants throughout tho
country to work the instruments ?
