2908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
of public money for that district the snm of
$16 25 as an excess due on said location; and
that said location was not made by said regis-
ter and duly reported to the Commissioner of
the General Land Office for patenting, and the
greater portion of the tract above described
was subsequently entered by, and patented to,
another person.
The first section of the bill provides that the
said Charles Pitcher, his heirs or legal repre-
sentatives, be, and they are hereby, authorized
to enter, free of cost, at any of the United
States district land offices, in one body, 120
acres of public land, subject to entry at pri-
vate sale at $1 25 per acre, in lieu of and In
satisfaction for said bounty land warrant No.
20904; provided that the entry authorized by
this act shall be in full satisfaction of said
warrant, which warrant, if in existence, is
hereby declared invalid, and any entry or loca-
tion of the same is interdicted by this act.
The second section provides that the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office shall
cause to be paid to the said Charles Pitcher,
his heirs or legal representatives, in the usual
form for repayment of money paid for land
ep-oneously sold, the sum of $16 25 paid by
him for the excess as above stated.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to -reconsider be laid on the
table.
The litter motion was agreed to.
vrorl and st. train, sew mexico.
Mr. ORTH, from the same committee, re-
ported back with an amendment House joint
resolution No. 116, to construe an act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
confirm certain private land claims in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico.'"
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that so much of the act approved February
25, 1869, as requires that derivative claimants
from Vigil and St. Yrain shall establish their
claims to the satisfaction of the register and
receiver of the proper land district within one
year from the passage of said act, shall be so
construed as to authorize the presentation of
said derivative claims within one year from
the approval of subdivisional surveys contem-
plated by said act of February 25, 1860.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to acTd a section providing that all settlers
entitled by said act to the rights of preemption
or homestead shall have the further time of
thirty days after notice in their favor of their
respective claims to file their declaratory state-
ments as preBmptors, or to make entry under
homestead laws, as they may select.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, Tfas then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
zachariah petti john.
Mr. SWANN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill
No. 771, for the relief of Zachariah Pettijohn.
The question was upon ordering the hill to
be^engrossed and read a third-time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
claim of Zachariah Pettijohn, made under the
homestead act of May 20, 1862, to the north-
west quarter of section thirty, in township one
hundred and seventeen, of range twenty-eight,
in the d istrict of lands subject to sale at Green-
leaf, Minnesota, shall be, and is hereby, con-
firmed ; and that upon the completion of such
claim by payment of the final commissions
Required by the aforesaid act, the Secretary of
the Interior shall cause to be issued to the
said Zachariah Pettijohn a patent for the said
land as in other cases.
i! The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
! read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
- accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SWANN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid, on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ranch del rio grande.
Mr. KNOTT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1831)
| to confirm the title to the Ranch del RioGrande,
1 in New Mexico, to the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of the original grantee thereof; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read, the preamble of which
1 declares that on the 4th of February, 1795,
j the Government of Spain granted a certain
tract of land situated in what is now the Terri-
tory ofNewMexico, and known as the "Ranch
del Rio Grande," to Jos6 Mirabal, Antonio
, Fernandez, Concepcion Romero, Bentura
! Romero, Julian Romero, Mariano Romero,
AntonioFresqni, Jos6 Antonio Gonzales,Maria
Romero, and Catarina Romero, in common ;
that on the 20th of April, 1887, the title was
, confirmed and recognized by the legally con-
stituted authorities of the Government of
Mexico, to whom the Territory of New Mex- !
1 ico then belonged ; and that under the treaty
; between Mexico and the United States, by
which the Territory ofNewMexico was ceded
to the latter Government, the United States
stipulated to guaranty to the inhabitants of
said Territory the property held-by them un-
der the laws of their former Governments.
The first section provides that the United
States hereby confirms to the heirs and legal
representatives of the aforesaid original grant-
ors the title to the tract of land known as the
"Ranch del Rio Grande," to hold the same
to them and their heirs and assigns under and
according to the terms of the original grant ;
from Spain. i
The second section provides that the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall direct the surveyor
general of said Territory of New Mexico to !
ascertain and fix by actual survey the bound-
aries of said "Ranch del Rio Grande" tract
of land as soon as practicable, and upon such i
survey being returned to the Commissioner of i
the General Land Office the patent for the
j Baid tract of land shall be issued, in conformity
j to the provisions of this act, to the heirs and
! legal representatives of the parties named in
i the preamble of this act.
! Mr. PAINE. I would like to inquire how
i large a tract of land is affected by the bill. I
j Mr. KNOTT. I am told by the Delegate j
j from New Mexfco, [Mr. Chaves,] who is I
| familiar with the matter, that the tract em- I
I braces eleven square leagues. !
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KNOTT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hot springs reservation, arkansas.
Mr. KNOTT reported back from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims the bill (S. No.
95) in relation to the Hot Springs reservation
in Arkansas, with a substitute. j
The substitute proposed by the committee i
was read. It provides in the first section that
any person claiming title, either legal or equit-
able, to any part of the four sections of land
constituting what is known as the Hot Springs
reservation, in Hot Springs county, in the State
of Arkansas, may institute in the Court of
Claims and prosecute to final judgment or de-
cree against the United States any suit that
may be necessary to settle aud establish the
same. But no such suit is to be brought at any
time after the expiration of ninety days from
the passage of this act; and all claims to any
part of the reservation upon which suit shall
not be brought under the provisions of this act
1 within that time shall be forever barred.
The second section provides that all such
suits shall be by petition in the nature of a bill
in equity, and shall be conducted and determ-
ined in all respects except as herein otherwise
provided, as nearly as maybe according to the
rules and principles of equity practice and
jurisprudence in the courtsoftheUnited States,
i any exceptional rule of practice prescribed in
any statute of the United States to the contrary
notwithstanding. For the purposes of this act
the Court of Claims is invested with such juris-
diction and powers usually exercised by courts
of equity as may be necessary to give full relief
in any suit which may be instituted under the
provisions of this act.
j The third section provides that process in
every suit authorized by this act shall be exe-
' cuted by the delivery of a true copy thereof to
; the Attorney General, whose duty it shall be
for and in behalf of the United States to answer
the petition therein within thirty days after the
service of such process upon him, unless the
: court shall, for good cause, grant further time
for filing the same.
The fourth section provides that all docu-
ments and testimony touching the right of any
party to the lands herein mentioned, or any
part thereof, taken in pursuance of the laws
of the United States, by any officer thereof, on
file in anjr Department may be used as evidence
in any suit authorized by this act by any party,
subject to objection by the other party for
irrelevancy.
The fifth section provides that if two or more
parties claiming the same land under different
rights shall institute separate suits under the
provisions of this act such suits are to be con-
solidated and tried together, and the court is
to determine the question of title, and grant all
proper relief as between the respective claim-
ants, as well as between each of them and the
United States.
! The sixth section provides that if upon the
j final hearing of any cause provided for in this
j act the court shall find the equitable as well as
' the legal title to any-of the lands in contro-
versy therein to be in the United States it shall
order such lands into the possession of a re-
ceiver to be appointed by the court, who shall
take charge of and rent out the same for the
United States until Congress shall bylaw direct
how the same shall be disposed of. The receiver
is to execute a sufficient bond, to be approved
by the court; conditioned for the faithful per-
formance of his duties; is to render a strict
account of the manner in which he discharges
those duties, and of all moneys received by
him as receiver, which account is to be approved
or rejected by the court according to law, as it
may be found correct or not. He is to pay
into the Treasury of the United States the
moneys received by him, and is to have such
reasonable compensation for his services as
the court may allow. In case of a failure of
the receiver to discharge any duty devolved
upon him the court is empowered to enforce
the performance of the same by rule and attach-
ment. If the court shall be of opinion that any
claimant has a paramount equitable title to
the whole or any part of the land, both as
against the United States and other claimants,
it is to decree and proceed by proper process
to put such successful claimant iu possession
of such portion thereof as he may be found
entitled to. Upon the filing of a certified
copy of such decree with the Secretary of the
Interior he is to cause a patent to be issued
to the party in whose favor such decree shall
be rendered for the lands therein adjudged to
him. But either party may within ninety days
