1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
ation to $1,000,000 or $1,500,000, in sixty
days without notice—for you cannot give notice
to these workmen in that time, and you cannot
have completed the ships now nnder way—
these men will all be turned out of employ-
ment, and we will, therefore, have nothing to
defend the country, if defense be necessary. You
cannot give notice to these workmen that they
are to be discharged by any such half and half
measure. Then will follow the discharge of
the workmen and another call upon Congress
for exceptional legislation. I think it is an
unwise policy and ought not to be pursued.
If permitted, I shall move to increase the appro-
priation to $4,000,000, and I hope it will be
agreed to. If that cannot be done, I hope, at
least for the present, considering the emer-
gency, the House will be willing to pass the
bill reported by the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield for five minutes
to the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, it will be
observed that this is a bill not to make an
original appropriation, but that in fact it trans-
fers an appropriation already made fro m one
of the bureaus of the Navy Department to an-
other. The amendment proposed, if adopted,
will have the effect to make an appropriation
of $1,600,000 to the Bureau of Construction
and Repair, and to cover into the Treasury the
$3,000,000 of unexpended balance of former
appropriations for two bureaus in the Navy
Department. The bill as reported by the
Appropriation Committee is correctly framed,
for it recalls $3,000,000 appropriated last year
and appropriates it for the purposes of the two
bureaus here indicated. Inasmuch as the
previous question has been called no further
amendment is now in order, and we are called j
upon, therefore, to choose between the bill as
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
and the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benjamin.]
In common with my friend from Massachu-
setts, and many other gentlemen here, I advo-
cated a law to repeal the right of transfer from
one bureau to another. It has been an old
practice, and I may say an old abuse of the
Government, when we made an appropriation
for a Department, specifying that it belonged
to a particular bureau—I say it has been an
old practice of the Government, without the
authority of Congress, to use such an appro-
priation for another bureau, making the trans-
fer themselves. That right has been recalled.
Acting, however, upon the same principle the
Navy Department, finding that one bureau is
in want of funds and the other bureaus are in
excess, seek authority to transfer the excess to
where they find it is most needed. The ques-
tion now is : have they made a proper appro-
priation out of the money which we gave them
last year ? The outgoing Administration rec-
ommended that we should appropriate certain
funds. We appropriated for this purpose a
great deal less than they recommended. When
the new Administration came in and began to
take a survey of our Navy they found that a
large number of our ships were entirely out of
repair. They found in one place a good hull
with an engine not large enough for it; in an-
other place a poor hull with a good engine in
it. Sometimes they would find four or five, or
perhaps as many as eight or ten kinds of guns
on the same ship, making necessary as many
magazines and rendering such ships entirely
useless in case they should be brought into
action by the very confusion of materials used.
The Administration seeing this, undertook
to make some reforms. They took a survey
of what was needed. They made their esti-
mates and set about the work, expecting to
bring it within the sum which Congress had
appropriated. In that they failed, as is com-
mon in such cases. But they now say, "If you
approve the work we have undertaken, if you
wish it to be carried on, so that we shall have
the ships which we have on hand fit for service
if they should be needed, and in a condition of
repair, you must authorize us to take from the
funds which you gave us for another purpose
to a greater extent than we needed and to give
it to this purpose." It is impossible for the
members of this House—it is impossible for
me, and I presume many other members of
the House feel in the same way—to understand
all the necessities in all their details of any
one of the Departments. This is a great Gov-
ernment, and its Departments are very exten-
sive in their operation. It takes a long while
to understand them. The oldest members
here find that they have every year to study up
some of the reports in order to learn how to
perform their duties. And we must trust some-
thing to the men to whom we confide these
important duties, something to the judgment
of the men whom we make responsible to us.
If we cannot trust them in this way when
they come here to advise us as to the matters
which are intrusted to their care, and with
which they are most familiar, then I say we
ought to make an effort to have a change of
officers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. CALKIN. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish
to occupy the time of the House, but I should
like tb know of some of those gentlemen from
the western prairies how it is they come to
be qualified to give the House information with
reference to the great naval interests of our
country, and how mbcli they really know
about it?
I find that every time a question connected
with the Navy Department comes up before
the House gentlemen from the West seem to
know a great deal about the subject. I am
willing at all times, Mr. Speaker, on any ques-
tion affecting the great mechanical or manu-
facturing interests of the country, to yield to
those who I know are posted upon it. But
when a gentleman from the West tells us upon
the Atlantic coast all about our Navy, and
what our Navy needs, why I do not feel it ne-
cessary to vote according to his ideas.
Now, do the gentlemen from the western
section of this country not understand that if
money is not expended upon a vessel when she
is going to decay the Government will be losing
doable the amount every month that they would
have to expend on that vessel for repairs ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CALKIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire, as I am from
the West, to know of the gentleman if he is
able to tell us how many vessels we have at
this time in commission? I believe he repre-
sents a navy-yard district.
Mr. CALKIN. I cannot give you the fig-
ures, but I will say this in reference to naval
vessels in commission 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to know the
number.
Mr. CALKIN. I cannot give you the fig-
ures. You have them before you and I have
not. At the close of the war the Government
had upon its hands a large number of naval
vessels that it had been obliged to purchase.
Those vessels were immediately sold.
Mr. ORTH. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a question ?
Mr. CALKIN. I cannot; I want all my five
minutes myself.
Mr. ORTH. I am very anxious to derive
some information from the gentleman who pro-
fesses to be posted on the subject of the Navy.
Mr. CALKIN. We have to-day in the
Brooklyn navy-yaTd in course of construction
some as fine steam war vessels as ever were
built. An appropriation is needed for their
completion to put them in the water. Every
month that those vessels lie upon the stocks
they are deteriorating in value.
Mr. LAWRENCE. How many are there?
Mr. CALKIN. Some three or four vessels
and they are as fine vessels as ever were built'
Mr. LOGAN. I want to know the cost !.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. This
is the first time my colleague [Mr. Calkin!
has addressed the House, and I think they
might give him a respectful hearing on a matter
with which he is specially acquainted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Calkin] will proceed without inter-
ruption.
Mr. CALKIN. I was going to say some-
thing with reference to the necessity of appro-
priating this money so as to give employment
to the men, but the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] has said all that need
be said upon that branch of the question, and
I will not take up the time of the House.
I will say to those gentlemen from the West
who seem to be troubled very much about my
remarks in reference to their knowledge of the
Navy Department that I am prepared at any
time off this floor, so as not to consume the
time of the House, to talk with them in refer-
ence to the Navy Department and to be ques-
tioned by them.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to know if tho
fentleman ever saw a "prairie schooner?"
Laughter.]
Mr. CALKIN. I never was on a prairie
in my life.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I now yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey.]
Mr. DICKEY. One might suppose from
the discussion which has arisen in the House
that the Committee on Appropriations had
made a report recommending an appropriation
of $3,000,000 of unexpended balances in the
Navy Department for the purpose of giving
employment to the men engaged in repairing
the vessels of the Navy, and members of the
Committee on Appropriations who were not
present and did not near the reasons of the
Secretary of the Navy why this appropriation
should be made oppose it in toto. They claim
that $1,500,000 would answer the purpose
instead of $3,000,000. They give no reasons
for this economy except that they are in favor
of cutting down.
There were a few facts stated by the Sec-
retary of the Navy which influenced my action
upon this subject to which I desire to call the
attention of the House. During the last year
preceding the incoming of the present Admin-
istration not a single vessel of the Navy of the
United States had been repaired and refitted
for sea. The whole NaVy of the United States
was out of repair. During the year preceding
the incoming of the present Administration
not a solitary vessel of war had been repaired
and refitted for sea.
A remark has been made on the other side
ofahe House charging the sudden stoppage of
work at the navy-yards to the Secretary of the
Navy. More than a month ago, on the 21st
of December, the Secretary of the Navy ad-
dressed to the Naval Committees of the Senate
and House a letter calling attention to this ap-
proaching deficiency, and asking for its supply.
Another fact stated by the Secretary of the
Navy is that during the last year preceding
the incoming of the present Administration
five vessels in the East India squadron have
been sold. They were so worthless they could
not be brought home. The commodore in com-
mand of that station reported that these ves-
sels were in such a condition that it would be
unsafe to attempt to cross the ocean with them,
and consequently they had to be sold.
The iron-clads used in the course of the war
for coast defense were laid up in such a con-
dition that they were unfit for use in case of
any exigency requiring them at once; but they
have been repaired, and now eight of them are
in such a condition that in sixty hours they can
be manned and sent to sea, and it costs no
more to keep them in that condition than it
did to keep them in the condition in whieh they
