1964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 15,
of the bill which refers to banks, and provides
that the banks shall substitute this new issue of
bonds for the old issue, is a collateral and in-
cidental question, one which does not proper ly
belong exclusively to the Banking Committee.
While I am on the floor I may as wellexpress
the opinion which I entertain, and which may
^o for what it is worth, that the business and
finances of the country need repose ; that the
consideration of this funding bill is an element
of agitation calculated to do no good, either to
the business of the country or to the finances
or banking interests of the country. And
there is another point to which I would refer
in this connection. The credit of the country
is increasing every hour and every day by pru-
dent legislation, aud I am glad to say that there
is no party feeling, I am sure I entertain none,
in this respect. So far as I am able to see,
every gentleman here, whether of the majority
or the minority, seeks to raise the credit of our
country so far as he ia able.
Now, with that increase of our credit all
over the world, with our bonds appreciating in
every market of the world, to my mind 110
injui-y would ensue if the passage of this bill
should bo postponed until the next session of
Congress. I think I express the opinion of
the great business interests of the country
when I make this statement. I know I express
the opinion of the people in my district who
do a large business. Therefore, whether this
bill shall go to the Committee of Ways and
Sloans, or improperly, in my judgment, to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, I hope
there wi(l be 110 haste, but (hat it will have a
lull and complete consideration. If after dis-
cussion it is believed, as I myself think, that a
postponement of the subject lor one year will
promote the interests of the Government by
enabling us ft that, time, when our credit will
be greatly enhanced, to borrow money at a
better interest than now, f hope that the
measuic will be postponed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker- 
Mr. SCHENOK. I yield to my colleague
on the condition that he shall call the previous
question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
1 am greatly surprised and 1 gt'eatly regret that
there should arise anything that may appear
like feeling on this matter; and 1 am certainly
very sorry that my colleague [Mr. Schtxok]
should take the ground that a vole of the
House declining to refer this bill to his com-
mittee would be equivalent to a vote of want
of confidence in the committee. I am sorry
he has thought it necessary to bring into this
discussion the personality of this committee
or these committees. Bitch a view of this
question is not, I think, justified by anything
in the case now presented to the House.
.Now, Mr. Speaker, the chiel point made by
my colleague is this: that six sections of the
bill are mainly in reference to iunding and
only two in relation to banking, and that
therefore the majority of the sections should
rule ; that the part in relation to banking is
an incident to the other. I beg to differ with
my friend on that point. 1 insist lhat this bill
has 110 validity as a funding bill except as it
gets such validity through the compulsory
power that wo have over the banks. If we
compel the banks to accept bonds to the
amount of four or five hundred millions at a
lower rate of interest, there is funding; and this
is all any man can say with certainty that this
bill could do. That much it can do. Our
power over the banks is the machinery through
which the bill operates. If this amount of
bonds lie placed upon the market it may be
possible that more can be taken; but our
power with respect to the banks is the ground-
work on vdiich this whole business of funding
is based. Hence I insist that this is the main
point in the bill, and the allowing of other
citizens to take some of the bonds as we allow
or compel the banks to do is the real incident
in the-ease. It does not make any difference
whether the provision comes at the head of
the bill or at the tail. The major proposition
is that proposing to compel the banks to take
$500,000,000 of these bonds, though we at the
same time permit other people to take the
bonds.
Now, sir, I was sorry to hear my friend
speak as though the Committee on Banking
and Currency had been dabbling in something
outside of their jurisdiction. 1 desire to say
that though the members of the committee,
not desiring to presume on their jurisdiction,
have not introduced bills on this subject, yet
three bills, introduced by others, on the sub-
ject of funding the national debt aud reor-
ganizing tho banks have been referred to our
committee by the House. Those bills are
therefore legitimately before us by order of the
House, and in pursuance of such orders we
have been at work to the best of our ability.
Ever since we finished the investigation of the
gold panic the subject embraced in those bills
has been the only topic before the Committee
on Banking and Currency ; and we have met
twice every week, and sometimes three times
a week, since we concluded tho gold panic
report. In considering this subject we have
been, as we thought, pursuing our legitimate
duties; but if the House should decide to take
the question away from us I should not be
willing to consider such action on the part of
the House a vote of want of confidence in our
committee. My colleague thinks that if tho
House should decline to refer this bill to the
Committee of Ways and Means it would be
equivalent to a vote of want of confidence in
him and his committee, although his commit-
tee now has in its hands the whole tariff and
internal tax revenues of the country, and
although this bill does not touch any of those
great topics. In other words, if the House
does not put the entire banking business as
involved in this bill into the hands of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means my colleague will
consider it a vote of want of confidence. Look
at the case. If' this bill be put into the hands
of our committee it does not touch a feather
of the plumage of the Committee of Ways and
Means as regards tho whole business of taxa-
tion, but if the bill be placed in the hands of
his committee it takes out of our hands abso-
lutely the whole business of free banking, the
whole business of converting the currency, the
whole business of regulating tho basis of our
banking system—■—
Sir. POTTEIt. I would like to ask the
gentleman one question. If the Committee
on Banking and Currency was not designed to
consider just such bills as this, for what purpose
was the committee organized?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no hes-
itation in answering that I do not know. If
this subject be put into the hands of another
committee it seems to me our committee will
have ngthing left to do, unless my friend
should get up another investigation for us to
occupy forty days more. One word more, and I
will leave it. My friend says the House passed
a resolution when it distributed the Presi-
dent's message which covered this case. I
am sorry my friend referred to that. I re-
member one day coming in here and fiuding
he had drawn that resolution expanding his
own jurisdiction, and it passed before I had an
opportunity to say one word on it. I am sorry
that is referred to as an authoritative con-
struction of what the House thinks these two
committees ought to do.
I ask pardon for taking up so much time,
and in accordance with my promise demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question recurred on the motion of
Mr. gakfield, of Ohio, to refer the bill to the
Committee on Banking and Currency.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
55, noes 7G.
Mr. GARFIELD,of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield, of
Ohio, and Mr. Schenck were appointed.
The House again divided; aud the tellers
reported—ayes 65, noes 79.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, demanded the
yeas and nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The bill was then referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means,-and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
okdek os business.
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] is entitled to the floor,
having risen to a privileged question; that is
to call up the motion to reconsider the vote by
which House bill No. 547, to define the duties
of pension agents and prescribe the manner of
paying pensions, was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has risen to
move to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the deficiency appropriation bill. The
deficiency appropriation bill is a special order
after the morning hour, and the Speaker could
not recognize the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations to make that motion before
the morning hour; therefore he recognized
the gentleman from Missouri, who rose to a
privileged question.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that tho question may
be submitted to the House to determine whether
we shall go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union or proceed with the
consideration of the pension bill. I do not
think the single objection of the gentleman
from Missouri should prevent the House, if it
should so desire, from going into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the deficiency approcriation bill.
The SPEAKER." The desire of the Chair
is to expedite the public business with regularity
and order. That he has done so will be con-
ceded by all. It was his duty to recognise the
gentleman from Missouri when he rose to a
privileged question. When the motion to re-
consider was originally made it could then at
once have been disposed of; and it is these
motions to reconsider, which are entered upon
the Journal to be called up at any time, which
distract the regular order of business. The
Chair must decide upon the rules as they are,
and not as he would like to have them.
Mr. DAWES. Let the Housedecide between
the gentleman from Missouri and myself.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has the floor for one hour, after which
the Chair will recognize the gentleman from
Massachusetts to make his motion.
Mr. DAWES. I think the House should be
allowed to decide whether it will procecd to
consider the pension bill or go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of tho Union
on the deficiency appropriation bill. There
does not seem to be any necessity for going on
with the pension bill now except that the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] who has
an antagonistic proposition, is absent at this
time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 cannot conceive of any
measure now pending before the House of
greater importance than this pension bill, or
deserving' of more speedy action. I shall have,
therefore, to insist on its consideration at this
time. Gentlemen wish to introduce bills and
resolutions for reference; but in the present
posture of business they will see I cannot yield
to them. I ask that the bill be read as tiie
committee propose to amend it, and then I
propose to submit some remarks.
payilest of pensions.
The Clerk read the bill (H. R. No. 547) to
define the duties of pension agents and pre-
