ism
THE OONGEB^ION^Ii GLOBE.
2909
after the rendition of any final judgment or
decree in any suit authorized hy this act carry
the case by appeal to the Supreme Court of the
Uuited States, which is vested with full juris-
diction to hear and determine the same on such
appeal. If the judgment or decree of the
Court of Claims in any such suit shall lie
adverse to the United States the Attorney j
General is to prosecute such appeal within the
time above prescribed; and tne taking of an
appeal from any such judgment or decree is to
operate as a supersideas thereof until the final
hearing and judgment of the Supremo Court
thereon.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the ,
Senate bill for which this substitute has been |
proposed.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted, drc.. That in order to settle the title .
to and recover the possession of "the Hot Springs
reservation." in Hot Springs county, in the State of
Arkansas, consisting of the south half of sections
twenty-eight and twenty-nine and all of sections
thirty-two and thirty-three of township two south,
in range nineteen west, and north half of sections
four and five of township three south, in the range
aforesaid—being in all four sections—it shall bo the
duty of the Attorney General of the United States to
institute or causo to be instituted, without unneces-
sary delay, in the circuit court of the United States
in and for the eastern district of said State, such
action or actions at law, or suit or suits in equity, in
the name of the United States, as to him shall seem
necessary or proper, against all or any person or
persons in possession of or claiming title to the said
reservation or every part thereof, and to prosecute
such action or actions, suit or suits, to final judgment
or decree in said court; and in his discretion to carry
the same or any of them by appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States. And in any such action
or actions at law it shall be lawful for any defendant
to set up and maintain any defense he may have,
whether the same be legal or equitable; such equit-
able defenso to bo made by special plea, to which I
plea the United States may demur or reply generally
or specially.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That it shall be \
lawful for the Attorney General to employ such j
counsel to bring and prosecute said actions or suits I
as he may deem necessary, and to pay for their ser- |
vices out of his contingent fund. j
The SPEAKER. The pending questiou is
on the substitute reported by the Committee
on Private Land Claims, on which the gentle-
man from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KNOTT. Mr. Speaker, in order that j
the House may act intelligently upon the meas- ■
ure now proposed it is perhaps necessary that j
I should make a brief statement of the facts j
which, in the opinion of the committee, render
the passage of this bill necessary. By an act
approved April 20, 1832, Congress directed
that the Hot Springs of Arkansas, with the four
contiguous sections, should be reserved for the
future disposal of the Government. Under this
law the following lands were marked as re-
served : the south half of section twenty-eight,
south half of section twenty-nine, and sections
thirty-two and thirty-three, in township two
south of range nineteen west, and the north
half of section four and the north half of sec-
tion five, in township three south of range
nineteen west.
It appears, however, that there are several
claimants to the lands including these springs,
each of whom claims to have complied with
every requirement of law necessary to invest
him with a perfect title thereto. Of these the
first in point of time are the heirs of John Per-
cifull, who, as they claim, acquired a preemp-
tion right to the lands in question under the
provisions of the preemption act, approved
April 12, 1814. Against their claim it may be
urged that the land was owned and occupied
by the Quapaw Indians until they ceded it by
treaty to the United States on the 24th of
August, 1818, which was confirmed January 5,
1819, and could not, therefore, be taken up by
John Percifull under the act of 1814; and fur-
thermore, that by the act of April 20, 1832,
reserving these lands for the future disposal of
the Government of the United States, his pre-
emption claim was invalidated if it ever had a
legal existence. But on the other hand they
may contend that the act approved March 1,
1843, entitled "An act to perfect the titles to
lands south of the Arkansas river, held under
New Madrid locations and preemption rights
under the act of 1814," not only virtually re-
peals the act of reservation of April 20, 1832,
solar as it interferes with Percifull's right to a
preemption, but validates and makes effectual
his preemption right, the title and occupancy
of the Quapaw Indians to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Now, it is very probable that the heirs of
Percifull may never be able to establish the
facts upon which they predicate their claim,
and the committee did not deem it necessary to
inquire whether they could or not. But, sir,
granting that they may be able to do so, it is
obvious that there at ouce arises between them
and the United States' the legal questions I
have already suggested, and without attempt-
ing to decide these questions one way or the
other, the committee were of opinion that they
were of sufficient importance to be submitted
to the judicial department of the Government.
But, sir, there is still another and perhaps a
more important, or at least a more valid
claim preferred to these lands, known among
those who are familiar with the subject as the
Rector claim. The facts upon which that
claim seems to rest appear to be these: by
an act entitled "An act for the relief of the
inhabitants of the late county of New Mad-
rid, in the Missouri Territory, who suffered by
earthquakes," approved February 17, 1815,
Congress provided that persons who had so
suffered might locate upon the public domain
of the United States a like amount of land as
they had lost by reason • of the earthquakes;
and, under the provisions of that act the re-
corder of land titles at St. Louis, Missouri,
issued to Frangois Langlois, New Madrid
location certificate No. 407, for two. hundred
arpens, or one hundred and seventy and fifteen
huodredtlis acres of land, on. the 26th day of
November, 1818. On the 27th of January,
1819, Hammond and Elias Rector applied to
the surveyor general of the public lands of
Illinois and Missouri for the entry or dona-
tion'of two hundred arpens of land to satisfy
this certificate, to be surveyed in a square
tract, the lines to correspond with .the cardinal
points, and to include the Hot Springs, so-
called, upon the waters of the Wachita river,
south of the river Arkansas; the springs to be
as near the center of the survey aa practicable;
at the same time requesting an order of survey.
On the 28th of February, 1838, a return of
this survey was made by John C. Hale, deputy
surveyor, which seems to have been approved
by the surveyor general on the 30th of April,
1838, and includes a portion of the lands em-
braced in this Hot Springs reservation. On
the 22d of June following the surveyor gen-
eral transmitted the survey and with it patent
certificate No. 435, dated June 16, 1838, in
favor of Fra^ois Langois; but inasmuch as
the survey did not exhibit the connections
with the contiguous public surveys, and as the
widow and heirs of John Percifull, claiming
the same, or a part of the same lands under
Percifull's preemption had filed a caveat, the
patent was not issued.
Now, sir, against this claim the same objec-
tion may be urged asagaiast thatof Percifull's
heirs, that the lands were not subject to entry
under a New Madrid certificate, and moreover
that the reservation act of April 20, 1832, de-
stroyed any inchoate right that those claiming
under Langloris may have acquired; but they
can reply with more force than Qven Percifull's
heirs could, that the act of March 1, 1843,
made their claim under this New Madrid loca-
tion valid and effectual; for it will be observed
that the act of 1832 simply reserves the lands
for the future disposal of the Government, and
it may be reasonably contended that by ren-
dering valid all locations of New Madrid cer-
tificates made south of the Arkansas river, the
Government thus disposed of so much of these
lands as was embraced in a location previously
made. It is not my purpose, however, sir, to
express an opinion either for or against either
of the claimants, but merely to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that there are
grave questions between them and the United
States as to the title to these lands, and to sug-
gest that they ought to be investigated and
determined hy the judiciary of the country.
Again, sir, there is still a third claim fully as
meritorious perhaps a3 either of those I have
mentioned, and that is what is known as the
Belden claim. This claim arises under the act
of May 29, 1830, which provides—
"That every settler or occupant of the public lands
prior to the passage of this act, who is now in pos-
session and Cultivated any part thereof in the year
1829, shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to enter
with the register of tho land office for the district in
which such lands may lie. by legal subdivisions,
any number of acres not more than one hundred and
sixty, or a quarter Bection, to include his improve-
ments, upon paying to the United States the then
minimum price of said land."
Belden,. it is claimed, proved cultivation in
1829, and possession in 1830, but could not en-
ter because the lauds had not been surveyed.
On the 20th of April, 1832, as I have already
stated, these lands were reserved for the future
disposal of the United States; but on the 14th
of the following July an act was approved pro-
viding—
" That all the occupants and settlers upon the pub-
lic lands of tho United States who are entitled to a
preemption according to tho provisions of the act of
Congress approved the 29th May, lSiJO, and who have
not been, or shall not be, enabled to mako proof and
enter the same within the time limited in said act in
consequence of the publio surveys not having been
made and returned, or where the land was not at-
tached to any land district, &c., that said occupants
shall be permitted to enter the said lands on the same
conditions in every respect as are prescribed in said
act, within ono year after the surveys are made," &c.'
Now, it is claimed that Belden's heirs made
the proof and tendered the money within the
time limited by this act, and were not allowed
to eater the lands simply because of the act
of the 20th of April. So, sir, it is manifest
that here is a new question springing up
between the Government and a new party
upon which legal minds may well differ; the
question whether this latter act, by implica-
tion, repeals the former; or construing them
both together, does the Government, by pass-
ing the latter act, dispose of the reserved lands
to the preemptor who has proven cultivation
and occupancy, as required by law? I re-
peat, sir, that the committee have not under-
taken to pass upon any of these questions
either the one way or the other; but finding
them to exist, they concurred with the Senate
in the opinion that they ought to be submitted
to the judiciary department of the Government
for adjudication; for, sir, if the facts claimed
by either party to be true do really exist, if
either party has complied with all the require-
ments of law which are neeessary to invest him
with a perfect title, the Government, holding
the naked legal title in itself, stands simply
in the attitude of a trustee for the party in
whom the equitable interest vests; and every
principle of equity and justice demands that
such party shall have the opportunity of as-
serting his right, and to have the title, legal as
well as equitable, perfected in himself.
The committee, however, differed with the
Senate in the manner in which this should be
done, and hence instructed me to report the
substitute which has justbeen read. Thosewho
have paid attention to the reading of the Sen-
ate bill will have observed that it requires the
Attorney General to institute proceedings in
the circuit court of the eastern district of Ark-
ansas for the purpose of settling the question
of title to these lands, but the substitute re-
ported from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, on the contrary, authorizes those who
assert claims thereto to institute such pro-
ceedings themselves. One object of this change
is that those who assert a right to this land,
and to whose benefit the proceedings would
inure, shall be at the expense of asserting it
themselves, not only upon that ground, but
because it is more in consonance with the pre-
cedents.
The Senate bill requires the Attorney Gen-
