1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4797
Mr. BINGHAM. It is not in order to move
amendments now, I think.
The SPEAKER. It is not, to move new
amendments ; only to consider those already
pending.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire to
make a parliamentary inquiry. Did I under-
stand aright when 1 understood that the amend-
ment of my colleague [Mr. Dawjss] amended
the text of the Senate amendment?
The SPEAKER. It takes the place of it.
The House has distinctly voted that in. The
Chair pronounced it carried, and no demand
was made even for a division ; therefore, the
House has in ioiidem verbis agreed to that
amendment, and it is not comDetenl, under the
rules of the House, to disturb it except by
additions thereto.
Mr. MAYNARD. T rise to make a sugges-
tion. The proposition from the Reconstruction
Committee is an amendment by way of substi-
tute for the Senate amendment, which, by this
proceeding, was the original text. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] offered
his amendment as an amendment to the ori-
ginal text. Now, the question comes on the sub-
stitute proposed by the Committee on Recon-
struction in place of the Senate amendment,
as perfected by its friends, and that substitute
is proposed to be amended, before we act upon
it, by the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cessna.] His amendment
is an amendment to the substitute offered by
the Committeeon Reconstruction. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] was an amendment to the sub-
stitute of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
fail to be aware that where two substitutes are
pending, if the House agrees to one of them
it is no longer a question to be entertained as
to their agreeing to the other, because it
involves the striking out of what the House
had already agreed lo.
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be observed that
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] does not go to the whole
of the Senate amendment, but only to a part
of it; and before the question is taken on
striking out the original text its friends have
a right to perfect it.
The SPEAKER. Unless the Chair has mis-
apprehended the point, there is nothing of the
Senate substitute left.
Mr. CESSNA. The fourth section of the
Senate bill stands entire, with the words
"Mississippi. Texas, and Virginia" inserted.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair asked the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
if his amendment was not in the nature of a
substitute, and by unanimous consent lie sub-
mitted it to the House as a substitute, end it
was voted in with that distinct understanding.
Mr. DAWES. If members will turn to page
11 of the printed bill and amendments they
will see that my amendment reads ''so that
the whole will read as follows," making my
amendment a substitute for the proposition of
the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly; and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessxa] proposes to
amend something else.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not rule
that the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ceskxa] may not
be properly made to the substitute reporled
from the Committee on Reconstruction. But
should that amendment be voted on and adopted,
then the question would immediately recur,
•' Will the House substitute that for what the
House has already agreed to?'' And this can-
not be done under the rules of the House.
Mr. PAINE. Was not the proposition re-
ported from the Committee on Reconstruction
a substi'ute for the Senate proposition? And
if so, could another substitute be in oider?
Could anything be in order bat an amendment
to perfect the text, of the Senate proposition?
Was the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Datves] in order as a sub-
stitute?
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated distinctly
to the House that by the change of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] it would now amount to a sub-
stitute for the entire Senate proposition, and
that if no objection was made the question would
be so stated. The amendment, as amended,
was, by unanimous consent, submitted to the
House as a substitute, and agreed to without a
division. Now, if a majority of the House
have not acted understanding^ and as they
desired  
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a point of order.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman will statoit.
Mr. WOOD. That the Chair has ruled upon
this question, and no one has a right to ques-
tion his decision except by appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can protect
himself and his decisions.
Mr. WOOD. Then I object to this conver-
sation between the Speaker and members upon
this floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to object to conversation between the
Speaker and members upon points of order.
That is always the first business in order. If
the majority of the House have acted under
any misapprehension, the Chair will entertain
a demand for a division of the House upon
inserting what was agreed to withoutadivision.
Mr. EfjDRIDGE. How can the Chairascer-
tain that?
The SPEAKER. If no member demands a
division it will stand as agreed to ; if a division
is demanded, the question will bo settled by
the count..
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is no evidence of the
opinion of a majority of this House when one
member can demand a division.
The SPEAKER. That is a question which
the Chair cannot permit other gentlemen to
debate and decide for him ; he has an absolute
right to settle it for himself. There being no
division demanded, the Chair rules that no
further amendment is m order.
Mr. CESSNA. Will it be in order for mo
to withdraw my amendment?
• The SPEAKER. The Chair apprehends
that no objection will be made to that.
Mr. CESSNA. Then I will do so.
The SPEAKER. The question now is,
"Shall the Senate amendment, as amended,
be concurred in ?"
The question being taken, the amendment
of the benate, as amended, was concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate to the title
was not concurred in.
The bill, as filially agreed upon by the House,
is as follows:
Be il enacted i■; the Senate and of Representa-
tives of the United Stntciof America in toiun ef,i ir-vem-
bleit. That tho Slate of (ieoreij. haying complied
willi ttio iecorstrucLi'Jii anil tho liuiitconthiiiid
tittoenth article* oi simeailmeiit to the Couttitutscm
of the Uhiied States haling been r.itdied in good
laith by a lesa I Legislature of said State, it is hereby
declared that the Stntc of Georgia is entitled to it-p-
resentation ill the Congress ot the United State*.
JBut nothing in this act contained shall be construed
to deprive the people of (ieorgia of the right to an
election for members of the General Assembly of
said State, as provided tor in the constitution
thereof. ,
Sec.3. And be it further enacted, lll.lt so ninth of
I ho aet entitled "An act ma km or appropriation? for
the suuport of the Army for the year ending Junetii),
lStiS, and lor other purpose-," approved March 2,
1S67, oi prohibit? the ort-ar.i/arion, armiea:,orcalliiiii;
into service of the miiiti.i ioives in the States ot
(-rooryia, ilissis ippi, T. xas, and Virginia, be, and
ttie same is iieieb} , repealed.
Mr. BOTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the Senate amend-
ment, as amended, was concurred in ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be hud on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON was granted leave, by
unanimous consent, to have printed in the
Globe, as a poitiun ot the debates, some re-
maiks he had prepared on the Georgia bill.
[See Appendix.]
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, bills and a, joint
resolution of the House of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2224) making the 1st day
of January, the 25th day of December, the 4th
day of July, and Thanksgiving day holidays
within the District of Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 2044) declaring the
bridge between Philadelphia and Camden, a
post route; and
A joint resolution (12. R. No. 300) to amend
the act of July 2G, 18GG.
SOLDIERS' MONUMENT, GARDINER, MAINE.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 352) donating ordnance for a soldiers'
monument in the city of Gardiner, Maine;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to bo engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes the Secretary of War to deliver to the
municipal authorities of the city of Gardiner,
Maine, six condemned iron cannon and twenty
round shot, to be used in the erection of a
soldiers' monument at that place.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] is m his seat, and ask the Clerk to
read what i send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Washington. D. C., .hme 21,1870.
Gentlemen*: I saw for the first time on yesterday
tbe Globe of the 17th in&tant, which contains the
properdins of the Houso of representatives of the
day preceding. I desire to state that the report of
said proceedings is not full nor correct in so tar as I
am concerned. On the 10th instant, while the Cuban
resolutions lrom the Committee on Foreign Affairs
were under consideration, a colloquy took place
between itfr. Butler, ot Massachusetts, and myself.
After several questions on my part and re^p^nses
from Mr. Butler, Mr. Butler made use of the fol-
lowing language:
"Now, I commend that article to the gentlemen
on the other side who a>k questions, together with
the proverb that 'Fools may ask questions which
philosophers cannot answer.'"
XhH_reuiark was€ fully recognized by those who
hcaid it a^ an allusion intended to apply to mo and
my questions. I distinctly made answer " that fools
aio ^metimeshonest, and that is more than youaro
ever."
I have reason to behove your authorized reporter
took down the words and embraced theui in his
report to vour oftice. As you will *ee, rhey do not
appear. The uuthonzed reporter for the A.-soeiated
Pre^ gave publicity to my answer in the newspapers
of the country.
Xo one had any right to restrict, enlarge, oi ciase
my words other than myself. 1 now wish to know of
you in what manner this erasure was*made,bv whom,
and whether with your concurrence. I further ask
their insertion in the stereotj'ped quarto edition o£
the Globe.
Your prompt answer is requested to the above
inquiries.
Very respectfully, yours.
SAM. X RANDALL,
Jfouse of Jie^yesc/ilativen.
To the PuoPiUEfORS vf (he Congressional Globe.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 now nsk the Clerk to
read the letter which 3 send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
[41706.]
Congressional Gtonr Oiticf,
Washington, D. C., J vac 22,1870.
iJEUiSin: In accordance with tho promise made
to you yesterday, upon the leceipt of your note call-
ing our attention to nn otni^-ion from the reports of
a icmaik made by you m tho debate* of thclMh
instant, we Inn e matte u've-'tigarioi] of toe case, and
have to sbt'e rb.it wo find tbe repoitu's manu-cript
to sustain the tlf^c-menr made to u$ in your letter,
i That manuscript, having been submitted to Mr.
