1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1965
scribing tho manner of paying pensions, us
follows:
_ Be it enact M by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive* <>f tho United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That within fifteen days immediately preceding
the 4th day of March and the 4th day of Septem-
ber ia each year, the several agents for the payment
ol pensions shall prepare a semi-annual voucher for
each and every person whose pension is payable
at his agency, and transmit thesame by mail directed
to the address of the pensioner named in such voucher;
who, on or after the 4th day of March or the 4th
day of^eptembernextsucceeding the date of such
voucher, sbal] execute and return the same to the
agency at which it was prcparod and at which the
pension of such person is due and payable.
Sec. 2. And be it jurther enacted, That upon the
receipt of such voucher, properly executed, and the
identity of the pensioner established and proven
in the manner prescribed by the Secretary of the
Interior, the agentlorthe payment of pensions shall
immediately draw his check on the proper Assistant
Treasurer of the United States for the amount due
such pensioner, payable to his order, and transmit
the same by mail, directed to the address of the pen-
sioner entitled thereto.
£>kc. 3. And be it further enacted, That hereafter no
pension shall be paid to any person other than the
pensioner entitled thereto, nor otherwise than ac-
cording to the provisions of this act, and no warrant,
power of attorney, or other paper executed or pur-
porting to be executed by any pensioner to any
attorney, claim agent, broker, or other person, shall
be recognized by any agent for the payment of pen-
sions, nor shall any pension be paid thereon: Pro-
vided, That payment to persons laboring under legal
disabilities may bo made to the guardians of such
persons in the manner herein prescribed: And vro-
vided further, That pensions payable to persons in
foreign countries may bo made according to the
provisions of existing laws.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That every pen-
sion agent, or other person, who shall take or receive
or demand any pay from any pensioner for any ser-
vice in connection with the payment of his or her
pension, shall forfeit and pay the sum of $500, to be
recovered by indictment in any court of competent
jurisdiction.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Interior shall cause suitable blank* for the
vouchers mentioned in tho fust section of this act to
be printed and distributed to tho agentsfor the pay-
ment oi pensions, upon which ho shall cause a note
to be printed informing pensioners ot the fact that
hereafter no pension will be paid except upon the
\nuehers issued as herein directed, and the fee to
which the pension agent is entitled; and ho shall
also {jive all necessary instructions for carrying this
not into effect.
Sx:c. C. And be it further enacted, That tho provis-
ionsof sections twelve andthirteen of an act entitled
" An act supplementary to an act entitled 'An act to
fvant pensions/ approved July 14,1862," approved
July 4, 1864, shall be, and the same are hereby,
declared applicable to all the various acts relating
to pensions.
Skc. 7. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts in conflict with tho provisions of this
act be, and the same are hcrel)}7, repealed.
Mr. CEEB3. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds I desire to know what course he proposes
the discussion shall take to-day. I have offered
a substitute for his bill, p.nd other gentlemen
also have substitutes, and 1 wish to know if the
gentleman intends to move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BENJAMIN". I do not propose to call
the previous question.
Mr. Speaker, the bill presented for the action
of the House is a unanimous report from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions. The com-
mittee lias diligently investigated the whole
subject, and given the fullest consideration to
all the various propositions looking to a reform
in the present system of paying pensions.
It provides in section one that the several
agents for the payment of pensions shall within
fifteen days immediately preceding the 4th of
March and September in each year prepare a
voucher for each pensioner whose pension is
payable at his agency and transmit it by mail
to the pensioner's post office address.
The second section provides that upon the
return of the voucher to the pension agent,
signed and attested in such manner as the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall direct, the agent
shall draw on the Assistant Treasurer of the
United States for the amount due, payable to
the order of the party entitled, and forward the
draft to the pensioner by mail.
The third section is intended to emancipate
the pensioner from the grasp ot: the merciless
claim agent. These parasites are now preying
upon the penniless widow and orphan, who
above all others are best entitled to the protec-
tion of your laws and who have the heartfelt
sympathy of every lover of his country.
These, together with the necessary details for
carrying them into effect, constitute the entire
bill. The committee think it will fully protect
the pensioner so far as Government can pro-
tect him, and it is by far the most economical
of any of the plans hitherto proposed.
This bill is plain, simple, and business-like.
The most illiterate pensioner can easily under-
stand and comprehend itj a result very desir-
able, certainly. The least possible delay to
the pensioners, the least expense possible both
to them and the Government, and the most
perfect security to all parties will attend its
workings. In all these particulars I am fully
satisfied, and hope to be able to satisfy the
House, this bill is far preferable to any of the
other plans proposed. It simply says to the
pensioner, " Sign this receipt, return it to me,
and upon the return of the mail you will find
your money in your nearest post office, or if
you live in a city where there is a free delivery
your money will be placed directly in your
hand.v The only expense the pensioner can
by any possibility be subjected to is the fee of
an ofheer in administering the oath, and three
cents postage. The officer's fee varies in the
different States, being regulated by State laws.
They should, and probably will, be fixed by the
States for such service at the lowest figure pos-
sible. It is well known that very many officers
charge pensioners nothing for taking these
affidavits. When within reach of the pension
agency the affidavit will be taken by the agent
and without charge.
This, Mr. Speaker, is all the Government
can do. Weplace his money without any deduc-
tion for any purpose in his hands as soon after
it becomes due as the mail can carry it to him ;
we provide that no person under any circum-
stance, nor for any purpose, or upon any pre-
text shall be permitted to step in between him
and the Government, or handle one dollar of
it. After Urns discharging our duty we have
no jurisdiction in controlling its expenditure.
The money then belongs to the pensioner, and
if frittered away, which is doubtless sometimes
the case, the fault is not ours.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 propose to test this bill
by a comparison with the propositions of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,]
and the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Crebs,J
and then leave it to the House and the country
to judge between them.
Kirst, the plan of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. He proposes to pay through the
money-order offices. The Postmaster Gen-
eral,in a communication sent to usou thelltlx
of January last, in answer to a resolution of
the House for information as to the practica-
bility of the money-order system, has so emphat-
ically condemned it because of the difficulty,
delay, and expense attending it that I need
not detain the House with any further argu-
ments. This report, together with thdt of the
Secretaryof theXnteriorand the Commissioner
of Pensions, exhaust the subject. I send them
to tho Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Post Office Department.
Washington, I). 0., January u, 1870.
Sir: l)y the terms of a resolution passed by the
House ot representatives on the 7th ultimo the Post-
master General was directed " to report to this House,
as eaily as may be, what, ii any, piun is practicable
by which the pensions due to widows,orphans, and sol-
diers may be paid through the Money-Order Bureau
of the Post Office Department so as to decreaso the
expense, delays, and fraud? of the present system ot
pa\mcnt."
1 have the honor to slate that m order to obtain
such data as would enable nio to comply with the
requirements of this resolution I sent a copy thereof
i on tholltn ultimo to the Secretary of the Interior,
to whose Department is intrusted tho management
and control ot the pension business, and requested
hun to communicate co me his views as to the feasi-
bility of an arrangement between our respective
Departments tor the payment of pensions through
iho agency of the monfy-oidcr sjstcm.. A copy of
his reply, dated December Li), l$6t\ and of a report
upon th^ subject made to him on tho 18th ultimo by
tho Commissioner of Pensions, are herewith trans-
mitted. in these documents the Secretary and Com-
missioner express the decided opinion that a change
m the present mode of paying pensions, whereby tho
mon ey-order system should be used for that purpose,
would not result in advantage to the pensioner or to
the Government. They furthermore state that the
proposition now pending before Congress, making it
the duty of the pension agents to prepare the vouch-
ers for pensioners and to make all pay mentsin cheeks
payable to the order ot the pensioner, if passed, will
destroy every opportunity for tho perpetration upon
the latter of fraud, " bydoingaway with middlemen
and bringing thepensioncrs in direct communication
with tho bonded officers of the Government in the
matter of the semi-annual payment of their pensions,
and will accomplish all the beneficial results sought
to be attained by this resolution."
After an examination of the views of these officers,
which, from their practical knowledge of thepension
business, are to be regarded as of great value, and
atter due consideration ot the subject, I beg leave to
report that in my opinion the final act in the prooess'
of the semi-annual payment of a pension, that is to
say the .transmission to tho pensioner of the money
due him, could be effected through the money-order
system, although not with entire freedom from lia-
bility to delay and inconvenience, as well as expense
to tho pensioner. It would bo necessary for the
Commissioner of Pensions to obtain from the pen-
sioner the vouchers, which are an essential prerequi-
site to payment, and also to make tho disbursements
for pensions; duties which are now performed by
the pension agents. He would be required, after
having obtained the proper vouchers in each case,
to purchase from the postmaster at Washington
and transmit to the pensioner a money-order pay-
able to him at the money-order office nearest his
place of residence. But tho number of money-order
offices does not at present exceed seventeen hun-
dred, and although that number is constantly in-
creased from year to year it is manifest that a large
majority of tho twenty-seven thousand post offices
in the country are so small thai they cannot be made
money-order offices; hence the pensioner who does
not reside in tho immediate vicinity of a money-
order office might bo put to great inconvenience if
compelled to present his order in person for pay-
ment; or if he transfers it by his indorsement to
a second person, in preference to undergoing the
expense and trouble of traveling a considerable dis-
tance, the pensioner may be forced to part with it
for much less than its face value. More than one
indorsement of a money-order is prohibited by law,
and will render the order invalid and not payable.
Hence a money-order is not negotiable like a check
on an Assistant Treasurer, which passes readily trom
hand to hand, and can therefore almost invariably
be cashed at its lull value without difficulty.
This Department would, moreover, be obliged, as
fast as the money for the purchase ot orders was paid
into the Washington office by the Commissioner of
Pensions, to transmit the same to tho postmaster at
Xew York, and to send a draft on him to the post-
master ot each money-order office for the amount
required thereat to pay ordors drawn eaeh day in
favor of pensioners. This is the mode by which
money-order funds are now supplied to cortain of-
ticcs whose payments of orders exceed their issues,
and such drafts are sold by postmasters to bankers
or merchants in their vicinity. Under the arrange-
ment in question almost all money-order officcs
would require lauds to be sent them to meet the.r
payments. These funds the Department, atter hav-
ing exacted a heavy bond from each postmaster,
could supply by drafts as above mentioned: but us
these drafts would generally be for considerable
sums difficulty and delay would undoubtedly be ex-
perienced in some instances m getting them cashed,
as it may happen that no one in the vicinity of tho
office would have atliis disposaltherequisite amount
ot money, and the postmaster would have to travel
some distance to obtain it;orif money was not want-
ing in the locality, perhaps tbe draft could only be
negotiated at a discount. A similar state of things
occasionally exists at present at comparatively sin ail
and remote offices which, though generally welt tup-
plied with funds, from the excess of their issues are
sometimes overdrawn. Under these circumstances
delay in tho payment of tho pensioner's money-order
would be unavoidable; nor does there seem to be any
adequate means of preventing the occurrcnce of this
difficulty if pensioners are paid by money-orders
issued at Washington. On the other hand, every
cheek on an Assistant Treasurer =ent to a pensioner,
being for a small sum. could easily be cashed with-
out; delay.
With reference to tho expense that would bo
incurred by such payment oi pensions through the
money-order system, I have to state that, at the
present rate of commissions for the hsu'.* ot money-
ordors, if tho existing maximum limit or'an order
to lifty dollars were abolished the charge semi-
| annually lor each money-order intavorofa pen-
I turner would be thiity cents, tlieavcragc amount of
' each semi-annual payment being, as tue Oamiais-
i sioner states, sixty dollars. The annual cost or
S tho lees tor &ac!i money-orders woulu theroioro ho
j i-l'iO.lipf. I take it for granted that the pc^ioners
j would not be burdened with thisadditional expose,
; but that it would be defrayed by tho Government.
I To this amount should be added the bUinoi fr'Wjyj /
I being tho compensation for fifty additional
i who would be required in this Department ant* i.i
I the office of the Auditor therefor to supcrvi-o airi
! conduct tue increased money-oraer busme.~3.mU
i examine and audit the money-order aeeoun.=> ot
postmasters. Henoo tue increased cost io^ *e and
j additional clerks would roaeu the sum oi si^O.uk.
