4798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
Butler, of Massachusetts, for revision of his re-
marks, was returned to this office with the remark
in question stricken out, and a note inserted by Mr.
Butler, as will be seen in the manuscript, which we
inclose herein. The manuscript was returned to our
office late at night, at which time it was in charge
of the assistant foreman, who, with a singular lack
of appreciation of the magnitude of the act, permit-
ted it to pass.
Nothing of this kind, we believe, has ever occurred
before in our experience in reporting and publishing
the debates; and we think it hardly necessary to say
that we never have admitted, and that we never can
for a moment admit, the right of one member to
revise to the extent of a single syllable the remarks of
another. . , „ , x «
At the time your letter was received the sheet ot
the quarto Globe had been stereotyped, and the usual
small number of copics for immediate use had been
printed; but we at oncc, at considerable labor and
cost, had the page properly remade, a proof-sheet of
which we inclose herein.
Hoping that this statement of the facts m this case
will be satisfactory to you, we remain, very respect-
fully, youre^ ^ R][vEg & GE0KGB A_ BAILET<
Reporters and Printers of the Debates of Congress.
Hon. Samuel J. Raxdall,
Ilouie of Representatives, United states.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I have not
introduced these letters with any intention on
my part  
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the Chair hold that
this is a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so
hold.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I object.
Mr. RANDALL. It is too late.
Mr. MAYNARD. We could not tell any-
thing about the matter till the papers had been
read at the desk.
Mr. RANDALL. The question is whether
one member has the right to change the report
of another member's remarks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] asks unanimous con-
sent to make a statement.
Mr. RANDALL. I did not hear anybody
object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cer-
tainly shall not object if I be allowed to make
a statement in reply.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman shall have
the fullest opportunity to reply.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] withdraw his objec-
tion?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
there will be no objection from any gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 do not interpose my
objection in behalf of either of these parties,
but in behalf of the House. It seems to me
we have had enough of this sort of debate.
Mr. RANDALL. If the gentleman will hear
me a moment I think he will not object to the
line of my remarks.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am asked by gentle-
men on both sides to withdraw my objection.
I do so, though against my own judgment.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I introduced
these letters with no intention on my part to
reopen the line of discussion in so far as it
may have been personal between the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] and
myself. I have no wish to reopen any per-
sonal controversy with him unless I should be
under the necessity of doing so in consequence
of what may hereafter occur in this debate.
But, sir, I have brought this matter to the
attention of the House that it may determine
(and at the proper time I shall move to refer
these letters to the Committee on the Rules)
whether one member here has a right, in revis-
ing the manuscript report, to leave in a remark
of his own and strike out the answer of another
member without any notice to the member.
With these remarks I am content to leave the
subject where those letters place it. I move
that the letters be referred to the Committee
on the Rules. I now yield to the gentleman
Irom Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Jlr. B QTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not,
Mr. Speaker, accept any yielding. I desire to
speak in my own right.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is recognized.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. These
letters, Mr. Speaker, speak of the manuscript
which was altered. Is that at the desk ?
Mr. RANDALL. I have it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want it.
Mr. RANDALL., I have it, with the gen-
tleman's own signature upon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will be kind enough to send it to
me I shall be obliged to him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let the Clerk read it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I believe
I have the floor, and I ask for a certain paper
which has been referred to in the correspond-
ence just read, and in the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Speaker decided a
day or two ago that any paper read in the
House must be read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Have I
the floor, Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask that
the manuscript may be sent to me. Wliy was
it not sent to the desk with the other papers ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts desires the manuscript to be
read it will be, and then the Chair will direct
it to be sent to him.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. May it
please your honor—I mean Mr. Speaker—I
imagined for a moment I was before a court,
being thus arraigned here, [laughter,] I ob-
serve that these letters speak of a manu-
script——
Mr. RANDALL. There it is, at the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
that it may be sent to me.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will send it to
the gentleman.
Mr. RANDALL. I am willing that the gen-
tleman shall have it, so far as lam concerned:
but 1 hope that he will not change it again.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If I can
have the attention of the House, Mr. Speaker,
I will read the manuscript as a part of my
remarks. The complaint here, as I understand,
is that the manuscript of a speech, as written
by the Globe reporters, has been changed by
me to the detriment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order ; we cannot hear what is going on.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
make myself heard if gentlemen will keep quiet.
Mr. Speaker, when the manuscript was brought
to me it contained these words:
"Now, I commend that article to the gentlemen
on tho other sido who ask questions, together with
the proverb that 'fools may ask questions which
philosophers cannot answer.'
"Mr. Randall. They are sometimes honest, and
that is more than you are."
1" drew my pen through this, and inserted:
"Rote.—Here is a misreport. as all that passed
between tho Sneaker and Mr. It vsdalt, is omitted.
I heard no such statement, or I should have replied.
" B. F. B."
Mr. GETZ. I heard it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I inserted
that note, so it might be sent back to Mr. Ran-
dall to see if he desired the correction. If
the Speaker will recollect, he said to Mr. Ran-
dall, "You must take your seat," when he
made the remark which I did not hear. I
made that correction and put my initials on it,
so it might go back to the gentleman. I at-
tempted to find him the next day in the House,
but could not. I attempted to find him the
second day, but I could not.
Mr. RANDALL. I was away.
_ Mr. B UTLER, of Massachusetts. Knowing
him to be generally a courteous gentleman, I
did not think he would indulge in that kind of
remark; but I excused him, and wanted ~it to
be stricken out of the Globe, for the same rea-
son, I believe, you ordered him to take his
seat—because he did not know what he was
doing.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman has added
libel to slander. My words are there, and
although I did not propose to reopen it, I do
not take anything from them. I now repeat
every word I then said, because you have pro-
voked me to do so in a moment of quietude.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. So you
were not quiet then?
Mr. RANDALL. I leave the matter where
it is. I am satisfied. I insist on my motion to
refer the letters to the Committee on Rules.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 58,
noes 43.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAND ALL moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho letters were referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
morning iiour.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning
hour began at thirteen minutes past four
o'clock; and as this was Friday, reports were
in order from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
ISIXBY E. DODSON.
Mr. STILES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2294) for the relief of
Bixby E. Dodson ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
WILLIAM SICKLES.
Mr. STRICKLAND, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R.
No.2296) granting a pension toWilliam Sickles;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pensiou laws, the
name of William Sickles, late_ lieutenant in
company A, twenty-third Michigan infantry,
and to pay him a pension from and after the
passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STRICKLAND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ISABELLA SMITH.
Mr. STRICKLAND also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H, R. No. 2297)
granting a pension to Isabella Smith ; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Isabella Smith, widow of James Smith,
late a private in company D, one hundred and
sixty-second regiment New York volunteers,
and to pay her a pension from and after the
passage of this act during her widowhood.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STRICKLAND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid o n
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARGARET FREEJIAN.
Mr. STRICKLAND also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2298) grant-
ing a pension to Margaret Freeman; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
