2910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
eral of the United States to bring suit. The
substitute reported by the committee requires
the proceedings to be instituted by the claim-
ants and in the Court of Claims here in Wash-
ington city. The reasons for this change are
obvious. In the first place, by having the suit
instituted here in this city of Washington we
have the benefit of the immediate attention of
the law officers of the Government, and the
Attorney General himself can give it his per-
sonal attention. Again, it will be convenient
both for the Government and for the claimants
that the case shall be tried here, because in the
archives of the different Departments here is
the documentary evidence touching the claims
of the respective parties.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask my colleague a
question. If the suit is brought in the Court
of Claims these parties themselves can testify.
Ought there not to be a feature in the bill that
they shall not be allowed to testify in this case ?
Mr. KNOTT. If the suit were brought in
any court of the United States they would hate
the same right to testify that they would in the
Court of Claims. If the suit were instituted
in the circuit court of the United States for the
eastern district of Arkansas, as the Senate bill
provides, the parties would have the same right
to testify that they would in the Court of Claims.
Mr. BECK. It seems to me that this i3 a
case in which it ought not to be permitted.
Mr. KNOTT. Whether a party ought to be
allowed in any case to testify for himself is a
matter of very great doubt to me; but inas-
much as it is now generally the rule, I cannot
see the propriety of making an exception in
this case.
Mr. BECK. This bill proposes to allow the
United States to be sued by these parties, and
I think you ought to put in a limitation that
the parties shall not testify in their own behalf.
Mr. KNOTT. Now, having provided that
the suit shall be brought here in the Court of
Claims, the substitute further provides that the
court shall be invested with the full powers of
a court of equity, and that its proceedings shall
in all respects, as near as may be, be in ac-
cordance with the rules that prevail in equity
proceedings in the other courts of the United
States.
Mr. JULIAN. I do not wish to interrupt
the gentleman, but I wish to be heard briefly
on this proposition if the gentleman will
allow me.
Mr. KNOTT. I will yield to the gentleman
in a short time. Having given to the Court
of Claims full jurisdiction to hear and determ-
ine the case, the committee deemed it advis-
able further to provide, and they have so pro-
vided in the substitute, that in case the equit-
able as well as the legal title to the land shall
be found to be in the United States the court
may appoint a receiver to take charge of the
land until Congress shall decide how it shall
be disposed of.
It furthermore is provided that if there is
more than one suit under different rights all
the suits shall be consolidated acd tried to-
gether, in order that not only shall all ques-
tions between the United States and each of
the claimants be settled, but that all questions
between the respective claimants themselves
shall also be settled. The necessity for that
arises from this fact: the great value of this
reservation arises from the real or supposed
sanatory character of the water of these springs,
which occasions the resort of crowds of people
to them. The title being in dispute, not only
between the claimants and the United States,
but between the claimants themselves, no ade-
quate improvements will be made for the ac-
commodation of visitors until the question of
title shall have been determined, it is there-
fore of the highest importance that this set-
tlement should be had as speedily as possible,
not only between the United States and the
claimants, but between the claimants them-
selves. And the court is therefore vested with
full and plenary jurisdiction in the case. If
either of the claimants shall consider himself
aggrieved by the decree of the court he is
authorized to appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States, which is clothed with full
power in the case. And if the case shall be
decided against the United States, it is made
obligatory upon the Attorney General to take
the case to tne Supreme Court, in order that it
may be finally determined by the highest judicial
tribunal in the land. The committee are of
the opinion that the substitute will insure ample
protection to all the interests of the Govern-
ment in the premises, every action authorized
by it being under the immediate supervision
of the Attorney General himself, with immedi-
ate and direct access to all the archives and
documents bearing upon the case, with a super-
visory trial by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States.
I will now yield to the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Julian] for five minutes.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Knott] says that several contro-
verted points arise between the United States
and the claimants to the land included in this
Hot Springs reservation ; and he further says
that the Committee on Private Land Claims
have not made a very thorough examination of
these controverted points, but that they have
gone far enough to see that legal doubts exist,
and that the matter ought, therefore, to be
referred to the judicial department of the Gov-
ernment. Now, I would suggest and respect-
fully submit that a thorough examination of
these controverted points was the duty of the
committee, since such thorough examination
might have relieved the question from all doubt
and this House from any duty of legislative
interposition in the matter. I desire to say that
some time ago I myself examined Bome of these
questions, not, however, with any great partic-
ularity, for the reason that I found the title of
the United States to these lands was clear and
unquestionable, and that it had been so ruled
by the Land Department under two or three
Administrations of this Government, the decis-
sions being clear and unhesitating as to the title
of the United States.
Now, my objection to this bill is that it
opens up to protracted litigation and contro-
versy the question of title between the United
States and these settlers upon this land, when
the title is in the United States and there is
nothing whatever to litigate. I ain not willing
that the United States shall be quite so generous
as that, friendly as I am always toward actual
settlers. I would not be willing myself, having
a clear title in fee to my own estate, to open up
that title to litigation in the interest of any
parcel of fellows who might see fit to set up a
claim toit. Itis not incumbent upon the United
States to dQ so. And it was for this reason that
the Committee on the Public Lands, in the last
Congress, having this matter properly referred
to them, came to the conclusion that the policy
proposed by this bill waa wrong. They there-
fore introduced a bill for the sale of this Hot
Springs reservation, the title being fairly in
the Government. And if I can obtain the floor
at the proper time I will move that this bill
be referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, which already has the subject properly
before it. I think this bill would have been sent
to that committee if I had been here at the time
the motion was made to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims. It belongs to
the Committee on the Public Lands, inasmuch
as it involves the title of the United States to a
very large tract of faluable land; and I hope
the House will make that reference.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask how valuable this
land is?
Mr. JULIAN. I am not able to state now
the value of this land in dollars; but I know
that it i& exceedingly valuable. 1 believe it is
rightfully the property of the United States,
and that the farce of a litigation to determine
the title ought not to be authorised.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
informed by the gentleman from Arkansas
[Mr. Rogers] that the land together with the
springs is worth $1,000,000.
Mr. ORTH. The testimony before the
committee was that these lands are worth
$1,000,000.
Mr. JULIAN. The statement is that these
lands are worth $1,000,000. But whether
they be worth much or little is not the ques-
tion before this House. I state it as a fact that
the Interior Department during two or three
Administrations has, upon a full examination
of the whole case, embracing every claim of
private ownership, come to the conclusion that
the title is in the United States. I can see no
imaginable reason why we should propose to
open the doors of litigation to any claims upon
that land. This is all I have to say.
Mr. KNOTT. I yield to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Orth,] my colleague on the
committee.
Mr. ORTH. I have for many years enter-
tained a very profound respect for my colleague,
[Mr. Julian,] the chairman of the Committee
on the Public Lands. I know the ability with
which he has discharged the duties devolving
upon him as chairman of that committee. I
know that he has done his whole duty. I know
that he has brought to the discharge of that
duty all his time and all hid talents (and they
are great') for the investigation of these ques-
tions. To such an extent, Mr. Speaker, has
he dwelt upon these matters that he has come
to the conclusion that everything which has
the word "land" in it is included naturally
within the jurisdiction of his committee, If
so, I submit to you and to this House that the
Committee on Private Land Claims had better
be abolished. This bill was referred by this
House to the committee of which I have the
honor to be a member. It was so referred
because it naturally and legitimately comes
within our jurisdiction. The express language
of the rule constituting our committee pro-
vides that all matters in which there is a ques-
tion between the United States and a private
individual with reference to the title to land
shall be investigated by the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims. I hope that my honorable
colleague will give to our committee the same
consideration that we have given to his, espe-
cially when I state that this question has been
most thoroughly examined by our committee
during the last two months.
In the course of this investigation wo have
ascertained, as I informed the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] a few moments
ago,that the lands in controversy here are worth
at least $1,000,000. But the question of the
value of the land does not enter properly into
the consideration of this bill. What we are
called upon to decide here is whether the Gov-
ernment of the United States is willing that
this matter shall be passed upon by a court of
its own selection, right here in the city of
Washington, under the direction and absolute
control, so far as the interests of the United
States are concerned, of the Attorney General
himself. There are, as has been stated by my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Knott,] two sets of claim-
ants for this land, the one known as the Beld-
ing heirs, and the other as the Rector heirs,
both parties claiming under the preemption
laws of the United States. I regretted to hear
my colleague [Mr. Julian] use this morning
the word "squatters" with regard to these
men, especially in view of the past record of
this meritorious class of our citizens who have
gone to the frontier and availed themselves of
the privileges of the bountiful acts of Congress
in regard to acquiring title to public lands.
The SPEAKER. T - •
expired.
The morning hour has
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
proceed to business on the Speaker's table.
