1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
Mr. DAWES. That is not my experience.
The question was on Mr. Benjamin's first
amendment, to Btrike out from the item of
the bill for the Bureau of Steam Engineer-
ing, "$1,050,000" and insert in lieu thereof
"$500,000." ^
Mr. SARGENT called for the yeas and nays,
and asked for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon the second
amendment ot Mr. Benjamin, to reduce the
appropriation proposed for the Bureau of Con-
struction and Repair from $1,950,000 to
$1,000,000.
Mr. MYERS. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Inasmuch as this bill has
been amended, I think the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes]
should ask unanimous consent to modify the
remainder of the bill so as not to wi thdraw from
the Department any more than this bill trans-
fers to these two bureaus.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall certainly object
to that.  
Mr. DAWES. I would do that, but it was
stated before the committee this morning that
the withdrawal of this $3,000,000 from the
other bureaus would not cripple them.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. DAWES. Upon that question I call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of this bill.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were—ayes 20, noes
92; not one fifth voting in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SARGENT called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers;
and there were—seventeen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were accordingly not
ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, KTC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: A petition of citizens of
Owsley county, Kentucky, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition ofcitizens of Pulaski county,
Kentucky, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Garrard county,
Kentucky, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Madison
county. Kentucky, for the same.
By Mr. ALLISON: The petition of Andrew
J. Diesen and 62 others, of Waterville, Iowa,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition and remonstrance of C.
H. Booth and 146 others, of Dubuque and
vicinity, Iowa, against the reduction of the
tariff duty on lead.
Also, the petition of G. Horn and 18 others,
of Iowa, praying Congress to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the remonstrance of George Wharton
and 184 others, of Dubuque county, Iowa,
against the reduction of the tariff duty on lead.
Also, the remonstrance of George W. Bur-
, ton and 142 others, of Dubuque, Iowa, against
I the reduction of the tariff duty on lead,
j Also, the petition of William H. Smith and
| 46 others, of Fort Atkinson, Iowa, praying
; Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
J Also, the. petition of Ruel O'Neel and
41 others, of Oran, Iowa, praying Congress
to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William C. Cawley and
99 others, ot Manchester, Iowa, praying Con-
gress to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. AMBLER: Petitions, numerously
signed, from citizens of Richmond, Jefferson
county, Ohio; Unionport, Jefferson county,
Ohio; Columbiana, Columbiana county, Ohio;
Hanover, Columbiana county, Ohio; Summitt-
' ville, Jefferson county, Ohio; East Greenville,
Stark county, Ohio; Waynesburgh, Stark
county, Ohio; and Louisville, Stark county,
Ohio, all praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. A RCHER: Six petitions for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. AXTELL: Petitions from Hopeton
and Watson ville, California, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of R. B.
Forbes, on account of claim on the steamer
Niphon, sold to the Navy Department by the
memorialist.
By Mr. BECK: The petition and accompa-
nying papers of Thomas U. Dudley, of Rich-
mond, Virginia, praying for relief from polit-
ical disabilities.
Also, the petition and accompanying papers
of John F. Begnault, of Richmond, Virginia,
praying for relief from political disabilities.
By Mr. BIGGS: The memorial of J. M.
Cox and 56 others, citizens of New Castle
county, Delaware, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of William R. Flemings
and 36 others, citizens of New Castle county,
Delaware, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. BINGHAM: Petitions from 1,000
citizens of the sixteenth congressional district
of Ohio, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. BIRD : A petition from citizens of
East Brunswick, New Jersey, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BOLES: A petition of settlers on
the Hot Springs reservation, in Arkansas, ask-
ing Congress to protect them against land
speculators when such reservation is offered
for sale by the Government.
By Mr. BOYD : Petitions from 2,000 citizens
of different counties of the fourth congressional
district of Missouri, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, petitions of citizens of the fourth con-
gressional district, praying for a tri-weekly
mail route from Carthage to Keetsville, via
Granby and Newtonia, State of Missouri.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorials of
John S. Benson and 43 others, of South Mid-
dleboro; of Wilson Cobb and 34 others, of
Middleboro; of Hiram Weeks and 45 others,
of Marston Mills; of Samuel Doane and 15
others, of West Chatham; of Walter Chip-
man and 21 others, of Barnstable; of Peleg
P. Aiken and 35 others, of South Yarmouth ;
of Isaac Ryder and 26 others, of Yarmouth; of
F. W. Mason and 17 others, of Dartmouth; of
Job Cushman and 33 others, of Monument;
of Isaac Keith and 26 others, of West Sand-
wich, all of Massachusetts, and all praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. CESSNA: Twelve petitions of citi-
. zens of twenty-first district of Pennsylvania,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, two petitions from the sixteenth district
of Pennsylvania, of like import.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petitions of
Hon. D. G. Wellington and 156 others, citizens
of Hamilton, New York ; of James G. Cald-
well and 25 others, citizens of West Monroe,
New York; and of Robert Gifford and 42
others, citizens of Hannibal, New York, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. COBURN: A petition of the citizens
of Hyndsdale and Valley Mills, Indiana, to
abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. COOK: A petition of citizens of
Mokena, Will county, Illinois, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Leland, La
Salle county, Illinois, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Plainfield,
Will county, Illinois, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Copenhagen,
Du Page county, Illinois, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Sunbury,
Illinois, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of citizens for a reduction
of import duties upon steel rails.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens of
Sennett, New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Marion, New
York, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Brutus, Sen-
eca county, New York, for the same.
By Mr. CREBS: The petition of John M.
Graham and 70 others, citizens of Cairo, Alex-
ander county, Illinois, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of E.
Eoff and others, citizens of Elmore, Ohio,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, the petition of J. R. Betts and others,
citizens of Bettsville, Seneca county, Ohio, for
the same purpose.
By Mr. DIXON : The petition of Nicholas
Ball and others, citizens of New Shorehatn,
Rhode Island, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of A. B. Chadsey and
others, citizens of North Kingston, Rhode
Island, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, the petition of Amherst A. Bliven and
others, for the same.
Also, the petition of W. Saunders and others,
citizens of Woodville, Rhode Island, for the
same.
Also, the petition of John G. Arnold and
others, of Hope Valley, Rhode Island, for the
same.
Also, the petition of E. C. Tucker and others,
of North Kingston, Rhode Island, for the
same.
Also, the petition of Byron D. Harris and
others, citizens of Warwick, Rhode Island, for
the same.
By Mr. DONLEY: The petition of Thomas
D. Moore and 37 others, citizens of Greene
township, Beaver county, Pennsylvania, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of John Bigger and 90
others, citizens of Smith's Ferry, Beaver
county, Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Oliver Conger and 40
others, citizens of Lindley's Mill, Washington
county, Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of William Duff and 37
others, citizens of Lawrence county, Pennsyl-
vania, for the same purpose.
