1968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 15,
mail twelve thousand each day, it would still
require a month to go through the list. Includ-
ing the return of the voucher the average time
that must elapse before the pensioner would
get his money is at least forty days. In the re-
mote parts of the country the second payment
would be due before payment could be made
of the first. Should the voucher prove defect-
ive and have to be returned, as a very large
number would be, the time would be more
than doubled.
Mr. Speaker, this cumbrous and unwieldy
machine would cost $200,000 in postage alone.
In order to be able to examine and pass upon
the vouchers, and get the drafts to the pen-
sioners within an average time of forty days
after payment is due, I have the authority of
the Commissioner of Pensions for saying five
hundred additional clerks would be required
in his bureau, and one hundred or more in the
Auditor's office. If all were clerks of the first
class the very moderate sum of $720,000 would
bo required to pay them. To all this we add
the §172.800 to be paid the postmasters, and
we have a grand total of $1,092,800 annually!
Large as this sum is it ia far from being all
that would be required. New books must be
prepared and furnished these seventeen hun-
dred and twenty-eight agents, with numerous
other items of expense in getting the new sys-
tem in operation.
The bill of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Cnrciss] proposesto pay through the post ollices
exclusively, and i* open to most of the objec-
tions of the bill of the gentleman from Ohio. I
need not repeat them. But the gentleman says
the bill of the committee will be attended with
frauds upon the Government, but the proofs
he adduces are erroneous and calculated to
deceive. I am not aware of the loss to the
Government of a dollar by the pension agents
since the beginning of the rebellion. Every
voucher improperly paid is charged against the
agent, and he and his sureties must make good
the loss. I am told at the Department that
ten per cent., of the agents' vouchers fail to pass
the Third Auditor's office and are returned.
Most of them arc afterward corrected. Still
nearly every agent loses more or less. If ten per
cent, are rejected which are made by men of
the business qualifications and experience the
pension agents are known to possess, how large
a portion would fail to pass when got up by the
postmasters, many of whom are wholly unused
to that kind of service? As they would have
to be examined before payment, and if found
defective returned for correction, it is easy to
see that the delay would be interminable.
The gentleman in his speech says the De-
partment asks for $30,000 to detect and punish
these frauds. The gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] one of the Appropriation Com-
mittee, in the debate on this bill the other day
said the same thing. Both gentlemen are in
error. Not one dollar has ever been appro-
priated or asked for any such purpose. The
frauds of which the commissioner speaks, and
for the detection of which the appropriation is
asked, are practiced on the Pension Bureau in
obtaining certificates of pensions. This fact
the gentleman from Ohio must have known,
for the very extract from the report of the Sec-
retary which he reads as an argument against
this bill says so. This is the language of the
Secretary:
"Investigations made during the past summer
have proven tho commission of very numerous frauds
in procuring fake tcstimuw, by means ot which
eertiSentes of pensions hate been wrongfully ob-
tained."'
The gentleman very kindly charges it to the
account of this bill, when it is ia no sense open
to any such objection. When the pension cer-
tificate is once issued the agent, be he post-
mabter, collector, assessor, or what not, ninst
pay on it until it is suspended or revoked by
the Commissioner.
A few words, Mr. Speaker, relative to the
amendment 1 have offered, and I am done. It
provides for the payment by the Government
of twenty-four cents, or thirty cents, including
postage, which is six cents, for each Voucher
prepared and paid by the pension agents. The
present law gives them forty cents, free of
postage, for the'same service, which is paid by
the pensioner, and leaves it optional with the
pensioner to employ the agent or any one else
to prepare it. The impression is sought to be
conveyed that the pension agents are paid ex-
travagantly. The gentleman from Ohio says
their average salary is $7,000. Iti this, as in
much else he has said on this subject, he is
wide of the mark.. Were they to make every
voucher that is paid it would not reach that
sum by more than fifteen hundred dollars; but
as is well known they have not hitherto pre-
pared one third of them. The average salary
paid by the Government is not quite $3,400.
from which the agent has to pay all his clerk
hire, rent, and expenses of every kind, and
this is all they can get under this bill. We
now propose to require them to prepare six
hundred thousand vouchers annually for which
they will not get one cent unless we adopt
this amendment. The Philadelphia agency,
the largest in the country, would bo required
to disburse $2,200,000 and prepare nearly
forty thousand vouchers for $4,000. The agent
could not pay his clerk hire with that sum.
The same is true in New York, Boston, Cin-
cinnati, St. Louis, and many other agencies.
There are now fifty-nine pension agencies.
Their average disbursements hereafter will be
nearly six hundred thousand dollars. For dis-
bursing that large sum and preparing ten thou-
sand vouchers they will get an average salary,
if this amendment is adopted, of $5,840, they
paying all expense for rent, clerk hire, anil
everything else. Who will say the amount is
too large'? Within the whole range of Gov-
ernment operations there cannot be found a
case where so much money is disbursed at so
little cost.
In order that-some plausibility may be given
for the opposition to this bill it seems neces-
sary to make a raid on the pension agents. A
certain paper in Chicago, edited and published
by one of these claim agents I have described,
raised a.hue and cry that a convention of them
met in this city early in the session to corrupt
members of Congress to legislate in their in-
terest. This bill is said to have been dictated
by them. The gentleman from Ohio insinuates
as much in tho speech he made the other day.
Mr. Speaker, I am not in the habit of no-
ticing anything that is said of me in the news-
papers, and especially in one edited by a claim
agent. I do, however, feel called upon to repel
attacks made upon as worthy and respectable
a body of men as are the fifty-nine gentlemen
who have been appointed by the President and
confirmed by the Senate to pay pensions.
Two thirds of them have braved death on the
battle-field ; several have lost an arm or a leg
in your service. Not one is wanting in integ-
rity. If one case can be named where a pen-
sioner has been defrauded by either of them
of a dollar I will insure his speedy removal.
Several of them were in the city early in
December, understood to have been invited
here by the Commissioner to consult with him
on matters pertaining to his office. There is
not one word of truth in what is said respect-
ing their mission here. They knew nothing
of this bill. So far as the profits of their
offices are concerned nearly all will be losers
by its passage. The present law is far better
for them. The Committee on Invalid Pensions
reported it after a thorough investigation and
due deliberation as to the wants of the coun-
try. They have surveyed the whole ground
and given every plan a patient hearing. The
Commissioner of Pensions and the Secretary
of the Interior, officers whose business it is to
investigate such matters, and who have invest-
igated, themunitein recommendingitspassage
by Congress. These gentlemen rendered distin-
guished service in the Army. Their sympa-
thies for their late companions in arms and their
zeal in ameliorating the sufferings of the sol-
diers' widows and orphans the world knows.
The Postmaster General, notwithstanding the
vast additional patronage the rival plans would
throw into his hands, unhesitatingly recom-
mends it. With the sanction of these high
authorities its fate is respectfully submitted to
the House.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say a word upon
this bill. It may be a very good one. I have
nothing to say against the bill. But the urgency
of its passage, on which the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] insisted two or three
weeks ago, has passed. He desired that it
should be adopted and become a law before
the 4th of March, that it might affect the pay-
ments then to be made. That time has passed.
Tho gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,]
who is necessarily absent, has a bill which he
thinks isbetter. The gentleman from Missouri
has made a speech of an hour in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, in the absence of the
latter gentleman. I think courtesy would re-
quire that the gentleman from Ohio should
have1 an opportunity to contrast his bill with
this. For myself I have no choice between the
two. But I think the public interest will be
served just as well if the bill of the gentleman
from Missouri does not pass hence to-day.
Therefore, I move to postpone the further con-
sideration of this motion to reconsider for two
weeks ; and on that I call the previous question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the gentleman
will allow me to say one word.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will hear what the gentle-
man has to say.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to the gentle-
man yielding for that purpose.
Mr. DAWES. Then I must decline to yield.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
On agreeing to Mr. Dawes's motion, to post-
pone for two weeks the further consideration
of the motion to reconsider, the House divided;
and there were—ayes 05, noes 47.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 73, nays G4, not voting
83 ; as follows:
YEAR — Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Ahvood,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buckley, Bnflin-
ton, Burchard, Benjamin I'\ Butler, Calkin, Cessna,
Churchill. Ainasa Cobb, Covode, Dawes, Dixon,
Donley, Ela, Fisher, Garfield, Hamilton. Harris,
Hawkins, Havelcy, Ilay. Hoar, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Judd, Kelley, Ivellogg, Kelsey, Lynch, Mc-
Carthy, McCrary, McKenzie, J esse H. Moore, Mor-
2>his, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill. Myers,
JSTcgley, Nibiack, Orth, Packard, Paine, Paimer,
Peters, Pomcroy, Prossor, Rogers, Roots, Sanford,
Sehcnck. Scofield, Porter Sheldon, Slocum, John A.
Smith, William J. Smith, Starkweather. Stevens,
Strong, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Voorhces,
William B. W ashburn, W olker, Wheeler, W ilkinsort,
WiUard, and Eugene M. Wilson—73.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Allison, Arnell, Asper,
Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, Boles, Boyd, Buck, Buidelt
Cake, Coburn. Conger, Creb«, Cullom, Dox, Duval
Farnsworth, Fcrriss, Perry, Finkelnburg, Getz, Gris-
wold.Haldoman, Hamill, Hcaton, Hetlin.HUl, Hol-
roan, Alexander II. Jones, Julian, Kcfcham, Laftin,
May ham. Maynard, McCormick, McGrew, William
Moore, Morgan, Packer, Poland, Randall, Heading,
Reeves, Rico, llidgway, Sargent, Shanks, Sh«rrod,
William Smyth. Stiles,Stokes, Stoughton, Strader,
Strickland, Swann, Tanner, Trimble, Tvner, Waid,
Williams, John T. Wilson, and Winans—64.
jSOi VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Axtell,
Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnura, Beaman, Beattv,
Beck, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Booker,
Bowen, Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Clarke, Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Cobles, Cox, Davis, Dickey,
Dickinson, Dock cry, .Dyer. Eldridge, I'iteh, Fox,
Gibson, (xilfillan, Ilaignt, llrile, Hambleton, Hays,
Hoge, Ilotchkiss, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
ivnapp, ivnofcr LasJ , Lawrence, Logan, Loughndge,
Marshall, MeKce, McNeoly, Mcrcur, Miines, Eiia-
kirn II. Moore, Morrissey, Mungen, O'Neill, Perce,
Phelps, 1 latt, Porter, Potter, Sawyer, Schumakei',
Lionel a. Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, Wortiiington c.
Smith, Stevenson. Stone, Sweeney, Tafl'e, Upson,
Van Auken, Van Horn,Van Trump,VanWyck, c.id-
walader C. Washburn, Weils, Winchester, Witcher,
\v ood, and Woodward—S3.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to ; and also
