8856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB 1.
May 26,
Mr. ALLISON. My amendment is that these
drawbacks shall be confined, as is the bounty,
to vessels of not less than one thousand tons
burden.
The SPEAKER. That would be considered
as pending.
Mr. LYNCH. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to submit his amend-
ment.
Mr. MYERS. I move in the first section to
strike out "norless than one thousand tons"
and insert "not less than five hundred tons
burden."
Mr. LYNC'H. I understand the substitute
and amendments are pending in place of the
original bill and amendments.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not understand
that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not sub-
mitted the question. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] and the gentleman from
Maine adopt the suggestion that the vote be
first taken on the substitute reported from the
committee, with the amendments pending
thereto, and if that be rejected that then the
bill and amendments shall be voted on in their
order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
I will not object if I am allowed to offer my
amendment.
_Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the House
will adopt this suggestion, that we regard the
original proposition as laid aside and the
amendments ottered to that proposition as
being transferred to the substitute.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
right.
Mr. COX. I object to that, because the
amendments are not pertinent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If iheyare not per-
tinent the House can vote them down.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If gentlemen are al-
lowed to make modifications of their amend-
ments, so as to make them pertinent, 1 do not
know that I shall object.
The SPEAKER. That would make the
proposition too complicated.
Mr. LYNCH. It seems to me if gentlemen
understood the matter before the House they
would not object. Everybody who has spoken
against the bill has agreed to the first two sec-
tions, and has said it those two sections were
put before the House without the proviso he
would vote for them. Several gentlemen ob-
ject to the proviso, and there is pending at
this time an amendment to strike out that
proviso. The substitute, with the motion to
strike out the proviso, places the question
before the House in the very shapo in which
every gentleman who has spoken against the
bill asked lor, and for which each one, so far
as I remember, has stated he would vote. I
do not understand there is auy objection to
the first two sections with the proviso stricken
out.
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman is mistaken
so far as I am concerned.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman is certainly
mistaken so far as I am concerned. I do not
know whether he considers what I said as
against the bill or j>ot; but if he does, I hope
he will correct his remark .when he implied
that 1 would vote for any one section of the
bill.
Mr. LYNCH. If my statement does not
apply to the gentleman from Illinois, of course
I withdraw it.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman spoke, of
course, in reference to the public debate on
this floor.
Mr. LYNCH. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. In jny remarks I opposed
the whole bill.
Mr. LYNCH. Of course I made no refer-
ence to what gentlemen have said to mo pri-
vately, but merely to the discussion which has
taken place in the House on the pending prop-
osition.
Mr. LOGAN. As I have already stated, I
will vote for no bill which provides for grant-
ing this bounty.
Mr. LYNCH. The House will bear me out
that gentlemen who have spoken against this
measure have very generally stated they would
vote for the first two sections of the bill with
the proviso stricken out. The substitute con-
tains those two sections, and there is an amend-
ment pending to strike out that proviso.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
has the floor.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, if gentlemen
insist on having the original bill with all the
amendments pending, it must be evident we
cannot get through this afternoon, and the
subject must go over to another morning hour.
If my proposition be acceded to, that only the
first two sections of the bill be considered
pending, with an amendment striking out the
proviso, we shall have a plain, simple prop-
osition before us. There has been but little
objection to those two sections, and that
objection has been alone to the proviso.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again sub-
mit the proposition of the gentleman from
Maine, that a vote be taken upon the last
report of the committee, which embraces the
two sections of the original bill, with a pend-
ing amendment to strike out the proviso relat-
ing to the bounty.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to lay the bill on
the table, if I am entitled to the floor for that
purpose.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Maine
has the floor.
Mr. ALLPSON. I understood that the gen-
tleman from Maine had called the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. He did; but he withdrew
it in order to make the request which the Chair
has just stated, and he did not renew the de-
mand.
Mr. LYNCH. If objection is made to the
proposition I have submitted to the House, I
now move the previous question on the bill
and amendments.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. What will be the effect of
seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion as regards the substitute and the other
amendments.
The SPEAKER. It will apply to the ori-
ginal bill as reported, and to all the amend-
ments offered and considered as pending, and
lastly to the substitute offered by the committee,
and all the amendments applicable thereto.
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, and am willing to go on
with the discussion of the bill.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentlemanfrom Maine
withdraws the demand for the previous ques-
tion, and he is entitled to the floor during the
balance of the hour. He has occupied fifteen
minutes of it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me.
Mr._ LYNCH. I yield to the gentleman for
ten minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire that the
House may understand the position of this
question. It appears to me that the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Maine is eminently
fair. The bill he has offered as a substitute
for the original bill contains simply the first
and second sections, and he has allowed a
motion to be made to strike out the proviso ;
so that the bill, if the proviso is stricken out—
and that can be decided very soon by a vote
of the House—will simply contain the proposi-
tion that materials which enter into the con-
struction of a ship shalllie imported free of
duty. That is all that will remain of the bill,
except the second section relating to the sup-
plies_ of coal and ship stores ; and, as far as
that is concerned, I do not see that there can
possibly be an objection to it. My colleague ■
desires in place of this an amendment provid-
ing that we shall import the ships ready built,
instead of the materials to make them.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I want both.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But if our people
here can build the ships with the imported
materials, why, let them do it, instead of allow-
ing the people across the ocean to build the
ships and send them over here to carry our
commerce. The people along our coast, say
that they can build the ships if you let them
import the material. If they can do this, then
I say let them, in the interest of American
labor, import the material and build the ships.
And that is really all that is now left of the
proposition of the committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will my colleague yield
to me for a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask him
whether, if the bill should now pass in the
shape in which he desires it should pass, it
would not leave in full force the objectionable
features of the navigation acts which are now
on the statute-books?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will say to my col-
league that the question as to issuing American
registers to vessels that went away during the
war, and the question as to importing vessels
already built, are matters for future discussion.
But now, when the simple proposition is pre-
sented here, whether you will allow to be im-
ported free of duty materials which enter into
the construction of a ship, why should you not
accede to that proposition ?
Mr. LOGAN. Will my colleague yield to
me for a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. I listened very patiently to
the speech of my colleague yesterday in opposi-
tion to this bill. Now he desires to get the
substitute voted on. I askhim"if the substitute
does not contain the same proviso as the
original bill in regard to bounties, so far as
ships of over a thousand tons burden are
concerned?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have just been
discussing that. A motion offered by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] to strike
that out is now pending.
Mr. LOGAN. Then, why does .not my col-
league himself agree to what is now offered by
the committee, with the proviso of the first
section stricken out?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr. Speaker,
that is just what I propose to do ; but the dif-
ference between my colleague and myself is
that he insists that the whole original bill, with
all the bounties, shall be pending here before
the House when the gentleman from Maine is
willing to lay it aside.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. Thegentlemanfrom
Maine is willing to get rid of all the objection-
able features of the original bill and take up
the substitute.
Mr. LOGAN. I insist on no such thing. I
do not insist on the bill or the substitute either,
because I am against both, and the gentleman
misstates me when he says that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is not worth while
for us to have any controversy about it.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot understand which
side my colleague is on.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am satisfied my
colleague does not understand the matter.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, I do not suppose I do
as well as you do. I do not think I do, because
I have certainly been upon but ono side of the
question. If I understood it as well as my
colleague docs perhaps I might have been on
both sides of it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Thegentleman does
not understand me now. I said I was satisfied
my colleague did not understand this subject,
neither did he understand me. He evidently '
does not by his last remark. I desire that we
shall vote directly on the substitute offered by
