1870.
CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
1025
Also, a petition of citweiM of Belleville,
Mifflin county, Pennsylvania, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Derry town-
ship, Mifflin county, Pennsylvania, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Williamsburg,
Blair county, Pennsylvania, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.^
Also, a petition of citizens of Blair township,
Blair county, Pennsylvania, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens Gallitzin, Cambria
county, Pennsylvania, asking for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, apetition of citizens of Cambria county,
Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Carroll town-
ship, Cambria county, Pennsylvania, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorials of P.
P. Harmon and 49 others, of Enterprise; of
Joshua Hiland and 45 others, of Lovely Dale;
and of George C. Wedding and 6 others, of
Lake, all in Indiana, praying for the abolition
of the frankingprivilege.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition of David Bot-
terff, asking for a pension.
By Mr. PACKARD: Petitions of citizens
of Laporte, Door Village, Rolling Prairie, and
Salem Crossing, Laporte county, Indiana, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. PHELPS: Eleven petitions from
citizens of Armstrong county, Pennsylvania,
to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, four similar petitions from citizens of
Butler county, Pennsylvania.
Also, two similar petitions from citizens of
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. POLAND: Petitions of Roswell
Haskell and others, Ascntneyville, Vermont;
S. H. Sherman and others, East Dover, Ver-
mont ; L. D. Winslow and others, Townshend,
Vermont, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. PROSSER: A petition to abolish
the franking privilege.
By Mr. RANDALL: Petitions from sundry
citizens of Philadelphia, asking that a specific
duty of twenty-five cents per pound be laid
upon books imported from foreign countries.
By Mr. REEVES: The petition of C. L..
Frost, M. D., John Harold, Isaac Snedfeker,
and 13 others, citizens of Hempstead, Queens
county, New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, of John M. Clark, John S. Morrell,
James S. Carpenter, and 31 others, citizens of
Manhassett, Queens county, New York, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, of S. W. Bishop, postmaster, Daniel
B. Cook, Charles E. Griffing, and 22 others,
citizens of Westnampton, Suffolk county, New
York, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, of Henry P. Herrick, postmaster,
Charles Parsons, Henry H. Fordham, and
27 others, citizens of Southampton, Suffolk
county, New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
.Also, of Nathaniel Mills, Augustus A. Haw-
kins, Stephen C. Barteau, and 34 others, citi-
zens of Fireplace, Suffolk county, New York,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, of A.W. Hulse, Charles Brown, Isaac
Price, and 57 others, citizens of Suffolk county,
New York, residing near Calverton post office,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. RICE: The petition of Jonathan
Davis and others, citizens of Grayson, Carter
county, Kentucky, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of James Kidwell and
others, citizens of Poplar Plains, Fleming
county, Kentucky, praying for the abolition of '
the franking privilege.
By Mr. ROGERS: A petition of sundry set- .
tiers on what is known as the Hot Springs I
41st Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 65.
reservation, in Hot Springs county, Arkansas,
in relation to their homes on said reservation.
By Mr. RIDGWAY: The petition of W.
H. Pannil and others, of Leesville, Campbell
county, Virginia, in favor of the abolition of
the franking privilege.,
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of Garrote, California, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. SCH'ENCK: The petition of D. W.
Williamson and 39 others, citizens of West-
chester, Ohio, praying Congress to abolish the
franking privilege.
By Mr. SMITH, of Ohio: The petition of
Elisha Hildebrant, of Ohio, asking for a pen-
sion under the act of July 27, 18G8, and thathis
application may be exempted from the limita-
tion contained in the sixth section of said law.
Also, a petition of citizens of Clermont
county, Ohio, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Henning's Mill
and vicinity, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Blaochester,
Clinton county, Ohio, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Lindale, Cler-
mont county, Ohio, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of West Lancas-
ter, Ohio, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Monroe, High-
land county, Ohio, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hillsboro',,
Ohio, for the abolition of the frankingprivilege.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: The petition of
F. Bntterfield and 152 others, citizens of Wil-
ton Junction, Muscatine county, Iowa, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of E. D. Hahn and 123
others, citizens of Mount Vernon, Linn county,
Iowa, for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. T. Kellogg and 37
others, citizens of Gilbert, Scott county, Iowa,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William L. Davis, post-
master at Lisbon, Linn county, Iowa, ana 137
Others, citizens of that place, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. STEVENS: The following petitions
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege : Jonathan Brown and 39 others, citizens
of London ; Alfred H. Brown and 41 others,
citizens of Canterbury; Augustus Berry and
71 others, citizens of Pelham; Gilman R.
Manser and 58 others, citizens of Wilton;
James L. Chamberlain and 101 others, citizens
of Mason; N. W. C. Jameson and 15 others,
citizens of Antrim,- James S. Kainer and 34
others, citizens of Canterbury; George C.
Howser and 10 others, citizens of Boscawen ;
Leonard H. Wheeler and 51 others, citizens
of Sutton: Charles E. Foot and 39 others,
citizens or Salisbury; James T. Kendall and,
46 others, citizens of Bedford; William Clark
and 60 others, citizens of Amherst: T. B.
Martin and 40 others, citizens of London:
Wyman W. Holden ana 56 others, citizens of
Concord: Jeremiah Morse and 30 others, citi-:
zens of Newbury; "John W. Morse ana 171
others, citizens of Bradford ; Robert Evens
and 41 others, citizens of Allenstownj Enoch
Page and 48 others, citizens of Sutton; *L. W.
Cogswell and 25 others, citizens of West Hen-
niker; William Whittier and 35 others, citi-
zens of New London: Sherman Little and 37
others, citizens of Webster j Charles Black
and 16 others, citizens of Ware; all of New
Hampshire.
^ By Mr. STEVENSON: A. petition from
citizen of Lockland, Ohio, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. STILES: A petition of citizens of
Plymouth Meeting, Montgomery county, Penn-
sylvania, asking for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition from citizens of Whitemarsh,
same county and State, to the same effect.
By Mr. STRADER: The petition of E. M.
Burgoyne and 93 others, citizens of Carthage,
Hamilton county, Ohio, and of W. R. Pat-
terson and 28 others, citizens of Oakley, Ham-
ilton county, Ohio, for abolishing the franking
privilege.
By Mr. STRONG: A remonstrance of the
Colt's Patent Fire-Arms Manufacturing Com-
pany, of Hartford, Connecticut, against further
duties on steel.
Also, petitions of Horace Patten and others,
Franklin Glazier and others, and Watson Gib-
bons and others, all praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SWEENEY : Petitions of sundry
citizens of Ohio county, Kentucky, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr.. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
Isaac Claypool and 24 others, of Lancaster,
Ohio, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Joseph G. Wiseman
and 44 others, of New Salem, Fairfield county,
Ohio, on the same subject.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
Petitions from 1,000 citizens of Greenfield,
Northfield Farms,Petersham, Wendell, Erving,
Athol, Whately, Westminster Depot, Berlin,
South Royalston, North Leominster, West
Hampton, Otter Rivet, East Whately, Ring-
ville, Leyden, and Griswoklville, in the State
of Massachusetts, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of C. A.
Fitch and 68 others, citiztens of Avon, Lorain
county, Ohio, asking the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition- of Abram Gist and 10
others,citizens of New Prospect,Wayne county,
Ohio, on the same subject.
" Also, the petition of Israel Hileman and 38
others, citizens of Wayne county, Ohio, on the
same subject.
Also, the petition of M. D. Smith and 50
others, citizens of Huntington, Lorain county,
Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of S. H. Miller and 40
others, citizens of Doylestown, Wayne county,
Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of John P. Stentz and 38
others, citizens of Nankin, Ashland county,
Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition or Frederick Gline and
76 others, citizens of Canaan Center, Wayne
county, Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of H. C. Newkirk and 36
others, citizens of Big Prairie, Wayne county,
Ohio, on the same subject.
By Mr. WHlTTEMORE: A petition of cit-
izens of Darlington, CheraW, and Woodruff,
South Carolina, for the abolition of the frank-
ly Mr. WILLARD: Petitions of Henry
Keyes and others, of Northfield, Vermont; of
Ai L. Wheeler and .others, <3f North Ferris-
burg, Vermont; of W. H. Hull and others,
of Wells, Vermont; of Timothy Dudley and
others, of South Barre, Vermont, and of Charles
Van Steenburg and others, of Monkton, Ver-
mont, all praying for the abolition of. th* frank -
in
e.
Jy Mr. WlNANS; The petition of Elder
ft. Stewart and 41 others, citizens of Clifton.
Greene county, Ohio, praying the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. MnCHESTEB: The petition of
Elijah Arnold, of Owen county^ Kentucky,
praying for relief from political disabilities. _
By Mr. WOODWARD.: A petition of citi-
zens of Stockton, Luzerne county, Pennsyl-
vania, for the abolition of the frankingprivilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Luzerne county,
Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition or citizens of Susquehanna
county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
