1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38 m
the gentleman from Maine, which avoids nearly
all the objectionable features of the original
bill, and the gentleman from Maine will allow
us, by an amendment which is pending, to vote
to strike out the other objectionable feature,
the proviso. He is willing also 
A number of members addressed the Chair
amid great confusion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oneatatime, if you
please. A regiment may come and ask me ques-
tions, but not all at once; and when the gen-
tleman from Maine has given permission that
all the amendments which have been offered
lo the original bill may be offered to the sub-
stitute, why arc we not in as good a position
as we should be if wc should vote on the original
bill if, instead of that, we go on and vote on
the substitute?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
that the gentleman re now arguing for unani-
mous consent, which lias been refused. It
occurs to me that unless he can convert the
gentlemen who objected it is useless for him
to continue in that line of remark.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not give way
for any such criticism as that. I am arguing
the question of the bill, and if gentlemen will
be good enough to take their seats and preserve
order I will talk so loud that they can hear me.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, we can hear what the
gentleman says well enough, but we cannot
understand him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If gentlemen do not
like what I say they can go out into the lobby.
[Laughter.] Now, I ask again, what possible
objection can my colleagues, who have been
voting with me and I with them continually
on the tariff question—what possible objection
can any one of them have to voting to let the
people of Maine, or of Massachusetts, or of
anywhere else impoitthe materials with which
thev build ships free of duty?
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. ALLISON. The same objection that
we would have to voting a drawback on the
iron or other materials that enter into plows
and other manufactures of the country.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is not a ques-
tion ; that is an answer.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well; I will ask a
question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; I decline to
yield. I propose to answer the gentleman from
Iowa now. He turns round and proposes to
allow them to import their ships free of duty.
Mr. ALLISON. Who does?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman does.
Mr. ALLISON. I have made 110 such prop-
osition.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is not that your
position ? Are you not in favor of allowing
them to bring in ships free of duty?
Mr. ALLISON. If I can have the floor for
a moment I will explain iny position on ihat
question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is the gentleman
not in favor of issuing American registers lo
foreign-built ships? Then, why not allow our
ship-builders to import the materials they use
free of duty?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LYNCH. I now yield fifteen minutes to
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Axtell.]
Mr. AXTELL. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to
support this bill, having been instructed to do
so by the State of California, and requested
to do so by a petition signed by some tour or
five thousand people, over one hundred of
them ship-owners iu the city of San Francisco.
And in this connection I desire to say that
this is not a question as to whether the people
of the State of Maine or in the State of Mas-
sachusetts shall be allowed to build ships ; but
the question is whether the people of the
western coast of this country ancl along tb.6
shore of the great sound ot th£ North, yet to
become the seat of ship-building for the world,
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 242.
shall be encouraged in the enterprise of build-
ing ships.
I was mneh interested and amused yesterday
with the illustration of the very able gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Isgersoll,] who spoke of
the manufacture of the old Concord coach.
But I would say to that gentleman that had
I been a New Englander, or the descendant of
a New Englander, I should always have been
proud of the enterprise of those most enter-
prising States; and whether they build ships
or Concord coaches, if they succeed in build-
ing them well, 1 should be proud to give them
their meed of honor for so doing. And although
I have never had the pleasure of seeing one of
the hills of New England, yet I have no doubt
that whenever the Concord coach, which has
a reputation wide as America, which has been
used abroad, and which is now transported to
the colonies, shall be succeeded everywhere
by the railroad car, the Concord people will
turn out as fine railroad cars as they now turn
outcoaches. And if gentlemen in Illinois can
afford only to raise pork and beef and horses
and wheat, &c., which must be carried to mar-
ket on railroads, they may be dependent all
their days on New England coaches, carriages,
and cars.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, if the
gentleman 
Mr. AXTELL. I decline to be interrupted ;
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ixgersoll]
is too experienced a debater for mo to engage
in controversy on this floor. I desire now to
read some extracts from a memorial and some
petitions sent to me from San Francisco, in
March last, in order to show how nearly the
views of the people there correspond with the
provisions of the first and second sections of
this bill. The memorial is addressed "to the
Senate and House of Representatives in Con-
gress assembled at Washington." and sets forth
that—
" The undersigned petitioners, ship-owners, ship-
builders, artisans, and citizens, residents of Califor-
nia, have the honor respectfully to address your hon-
orable bodies, severally and jointly, upon the subject
of the naval and commercial interests of the Ameri-
can nation.
"We are alarmed at the decay ami, we seek the
revivalof the marine commerce of the United States.
We behove its immediate redemption from rum to
be the question the most vitally important to the
prosperity of our nation which can be presented to
the consideration ot your honorable bodies.
" That you may grant your careful dcliberationwc
most earnestly solicit.
"The association, with its conjoined petitioners
which approach you, seel; a purely national object.
"They have no special or local or party-political
purpose to obtain.
" Wo are under the belief that too honorable bee-
rotary of the Treasury will derive more ample re-
sources with which to defray the national debt by a
large and generous encouragement of maiine eom-
meiceiu ships of American construction than from
any other source of national revenue; and further,
that in the hour of peril, the honorable Secretary of
War will find therein an immediate and unfailing
recourse for the national defense. Ft. is, then, the
universal benefit of the whole country which inspires
our actions.
" It is not proposed to urge upon your honorable
body any special proceeding. ]N either specialists for
free trade nor advocates of oppressive tariffs,we only
appeal to your wisdom to apply such a combination
of measures as may conduce to equalize American
labor as against the starvation rates of European
labor, and so enable the producers of native Ameri-
can materials used in ship building to enjoy decided
advantage over foreign imported wares.
"Inclosed with these signed petitions we present
tbe accompanying; memorial, together with statistics
which may conduce to yoifr further information."
Those statistics embrace a large amount of
information in relation to shipping. The fol-
lowing is from the petition of ship-owners :
"We, tbe undersigned, who arc orliavo been own-
ers of American vessels many years, desire to present
our views briefly, and we believe them to be tho
opinions of a majority of the owners of American
vessels of tho eity of San Francisco.
"We believe that 'free trade' in vessels would
ultimately lead to the destruction of our own ship-
building interest, and would, in a great measure,
place our eoastwiso trade in the hands of foreign
capitalists, and would eventually seriously injure
and tend to destroy our school for sailors.
"Our reasons might bo given at length, but we
merely present this paper to remove the impression
that free trade in vessels is the wish of a majority ot
the ship-owners of the city of San Francisco.
"We believe that the removal of all kinds of tax-
ation on theship-buildingandsailinginterest would
be all that is required to in time place us again in
the position we once occupied."
And then the petition of artisans, which, is
as follows:
"We, the undersigned, artisans, citizens of"the
UnitedStates, residing onfhe Pacific coast, who have
heretofore been employed In tho construction of
shippings and gained our livelihood by the exercise
of the craft set opposite to our names, most respect-
fully represent—
' First. That wo view with apprehension and alarm
tho efforts now being made by capitalists and others
to induce your honorable body to pass such acts as
shall abrogate the existing registry laws, allowing
foreign built ships American registers, as every for-
eign ship not only represents its cost in money taken
from ourcountry, but thelabor necessary to construct
and equip it is taken from our hands.
" Second. White wc as citizens of this country are
proud to bear our share of the burden for its main-
tenance, we cannot do so if our occupations are taken
from us and we are compelled to seek new fields of
labor. We therefore mostrespectfully appeal to your
honorable body not to repeal or modify the present
registry laws, believing that 'free trade' in ships
would result not only in destruction to the ship-
building interests of our country, but seriously im-
pair our national prosperity.
" Third. The taxes imposed by the Governmenton
ship-building materials, prohibit our ship-builders
and capitalists from building ships, by making it
impossible to compete with foreign builders, thereby
compelling us to seek other occupations less remun-
erative to us and injurious to all other Classes of
mechanics with whom wo are thrown into competi-
tion, by producing scarcity of work and its inevita-
ble results, distress and discontent.
"Your petitioners, therefore, earnestly pray that
such reduction of tax on ship-building materials be
made, or other relief provided, as will enable ship-
builders in tho United States to compete with thoso
of.Europe, to the end that this branch of national
industry maybe revived, so as to conduce to the pros-
perity, dignity, and welfaro of tho whole country."
This is signed by nearly three thousand arti-
sans in the city of San Francisco and its vicin-
ity. Now, I appeal to all the gentlemen ivho
desire to foster this particular branch of in-
dustry, which is acknowledged on all sides to
bo languishing since the war, and because
of the war, to do something for its relief. It
is this particular branch of indnstry that is
languishing. If the farmers of Illinois and
Iowa will come here and say that the price of
plows is so high that their farming interests
are languishing, that they are suffering because
certain interests of theirs need fostering and
protecting, then I will be in favor of legislat-
ing for their benefit.
It is an established fact which has challenged
attention throughout the country that our ton-
nage is languishing. It is true, commerce goes
on, but not in American ships. We need
legislation for the advancement of our ship-
building interests; and in saying this I have
in view particularly the great interests of Puget
Sound, that region which this House to-day so
generously voted to provide with access by rail-
road, the way thus being opened for workmen
to go to what is destined to become the great
ship-building mart of America. In connection
with this subject I invite attention to an extract
from a lecture delivered in this eity by tho Del-
egate from Washington [Mr. Garfielde] upon
the "Northwest Coast:"
" The lumber trade of Puget sound, in proportion to
its population, is already enormous. There aro not
more than twelve or fifteen thousand inhabitants
resident upon tho sound and its tributaries. Ihis
population exports more than one hundred and fifty
million feet of lumber annually, besides twenty mil-
lion laths and shingles, and a large amount ot piles
and spars. These products of the forest are sent to
California, South America, the Sandwieh Islands,
Australia, China, and Europe, giving cargoes last
year to one hundred and thirteen ships, four hun-
dred and ninety-one barks, forty-five brigs, ana
eighty-seven schooners. . . .
"Large quantities ot spars have been shipped to
Europe, many of which were furnished by conirac.«
for the French navy. Those designed for i°wei
masts were required to be, when hewn into octagon-u
shape, one hundred and twenty feet fong and loi ty-
two inches in diameter at a point forty feet irom tti
lower end. Perhaps no other existing £°re-ts «m,d
furnish spars of such gigantic size, and certam.ly no.
at the priees for which they can bo affoidtu 1
Pugetsound. These heavy timbers areremov ed o
s«a^
into the water, floated to the ships destined to receive
them, and hoisted into ports, cut m tne bow ot -ho
