2914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
If members of Congress want to assist the
workingman of our country, let them legislate
so as to give him plenty of work at good wages.
Give him employment, and cease talking about
taxing him. He will cheerfully pay whatever
taxes he may be called upon to pay if work is
plenty. Yes, sir; the question is reduced to the
simple one of the employment of labor at four
or five times the wages in this country that are
paid in England, the difference being covered
by admitting a foreign article at a rate of duty
preposterously out of proportion to its value
as compared with other and competing manu-
factures ; for, sir, ridiculous as it may appear,
we are putting a premium upon the manufac-
ture of scrap iron for our market, of which our
kind English neighbors, availing themselves of
the low prices they pay their workmen as com-
pared with our rates, are not by any means
slow to take advantage. And now, gentlemen
of Massachusetts and Connecticut, I have done.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to oppose the
amendment, but I shall not occupy time in
addressing the committee. I call for a vote.
The question being put on Mr. Cake's
amendment, it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for a
division. I wish to have a call of the House,
that members may be brought in.
The CHAIRMAN. A call of the House
cannot be ordered by the Committee of the
Whole. The question was put, and the amend-
ment was declared to be rejected.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
On all iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other forms,
including ends, clippings, and punchings of new
iron, less finished than bars and more advanced
than pig iron, except castings, 1 cent per pound,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
strike out, in the three hundred and twenty-
sixth line, the words "including ends, clip-
pings, and punchings of new iron." Mr.
Chairman, I desire to call the attention of the
committee to this^fact, that the duty on ends,
clippings, and punchings of new iron is now
less than three eighths of a cent per pound.
This paragraph raises the duty to 1 cent per
pound. If the committee means to make this
increase of duty on this class of iron it will
vote against my amendment. If it does not,
the committee will vote for it.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, it is simply
the old question over again. Ends, clippings,
and punchings are the new iron prepared for
use, sprinkled with salt, and brought in as old
scrap iron ; bars cut to the precise lengtlWor
being tied together and rolled and punched out
in the form in which they are to be used.
They pay now three eighths of a cent per
pound. They would pay 1 cent if they came
in in the whole bar, less advanced than they
areas "ends, clippings, and punchings." We
do not propose to put an additional duty on
them, by reason of the fact that they are thus
advanced, but to allow them to come in as if
they were still bar iron, at the duty put upon
bar iron. This is again an attempt, by strik-
ing out these words, to do what the word " or "
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] would have done, namely, to enable
those who want to defraud the Government to
do it under the cover of this law; to enable
those who want to strike down the charcoal-
iron interests of this country to do it under the
cover of law.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes; for a question.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if this is not an actual ad-
vance of duty on this particular quality of iron
of nearly 200 per cent, over and above the
present tariff?
Mr. KELLEY. I answer, it is not, on that
quality of iron. It simply brings that quality
of iron to the duty it should have paid. As I
was explaining, they take a bar on the other
side-which would pay 1 cent and cut it to the
size in which it is wanted for use, which would
be done by American labor if the law stood as
the bill now provides, and then get it admitted
at a lower rate of duty.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call the gentle-
man's attention to the words "less finished
than bars."
Mr. KELLEY. The words of the paragraph
are "on all iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or
other forms, including ends, clippings, and
punchings of new iron."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Read on.
Mr. KELLEY. It simply restores the ends
and clippings and the punchings to their legit-
imate rate of duty. I said they take a bar of
iron which would pay 1 cent per pound and
cut it into lengths of eight or ten inches, and
they call every part of it an end. These are
not ends. They are the bars advanced by cut-
ting, and prepared for heating and rolling.
They are also the bars punched into particular
forms, and therefore advanced, while the bloom,
the slab, or loop, or other form may be less
advanced. The committee in order to protect
the revenue have inserted with them as under
the same duty, while they should beara higher
one, by reason of being more advanced, ends,
clippings, aud punchings. And those who de-
sire either to protect the charcoal-iron maker
of the country, or honestly and fairly to collect
the revenue, and close the door against fraud,
will vote for the bill as the committee have
reported it.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending motion.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment
The CHAIRMAN. There is no amend-
ment pending. There is a motion to strike
out, and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lo-
gan] may offer, if he chooses, an amendment
to the paragraph.
Mr. LOGAN. I move, then, to amend the
paragraph by inserting after the word "iron,"
in the thirty-sixth line, the words " cut, clipped,
or made for the purpose of being manufactured
into any articles." Now, if the Committee of
Ways and Means intended when they reported
this section to prevent the frauds which they
charge, and which the gentleman from Penn- j
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] charges in every speech |
he makes, why not insert such language as will I
prevent fraud? The gentlemen assert here i
that punchings and clippings are made for ;
the purpose of manufacturing spades and dif- ;
ferent kinds of tools and brought in as scrap I
iron. Do they desire to prevent frauds of that
character ? If they do not mean the mere lit-
tle punchings and filings and clippings of iron
that are not intended for any particular pur-
pose whatever, but are mere refuse iron—if
they do not intend to include them in this par-
agraph, why not insert words that will explain
what the committee do intend? My amend-
ment will make the paragraph provide that
any cuttings, clippings, or punchings for the
purpose of being manufactured into any arti-
cles shall be taxed so much. That will cover
exactly what the gentlemen say they intend,
the fraud of importing iron punched in certain
shapes or cut in certain shapes to be manu-
factured into tools of different kinds.
Mr. O'NEILL. How can you get at the
evidence of that?
Mr. LOGAN. Easily.
Mr. O'NEILL. You can only get it from
the invoices, and it is in the invoices where the
frauds will be committed.
Mr. LOGAN. I presume the custom-house
officers can see to that. Strange to say, when
gentlemen charge frauds, and an attempt is
made to insert words that will protect the Gov-
ernment against those frauds, these gentlemen
object to it. I say to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] again, as I said the
other day, that whenever the people of south-
ern Illinois desire him for their Representative
I hope they will send for him and elect him.
He talks about that of which he knows noth-
ing when he talks about different tiers of coun-
ties in southern Illinois, and their productions.
He is not read up. I was born and raised in
that country, and I profess to know as much
I about it as he does ; and whenever my constit-
uents desire this sort of tariff on iron I presume
they will notify the country througu me or ray
colleague, [Mr. Cuebs,] who has now gone
home, and not through the gentleman i'roru
Pennsylvania. And I say to him that his
assumption upon this floor of being the repre-
sentative of any part of the State that I repre-
sent is an unwarranted assumption, and with-
out any desire on the part of any living man
within the confines of my State. They desire
no such representation or representative as lie
is in reference to the tariff. If they do, they will
send him here. You can find no man upon this
floor from my State who will vote with the gen-
tleman on these propositions. Hence I say that
it is offensive for him to profess here to be the
representative of and make appeals for the peo-
ple of southern Illinois. Let him represent his
own constituents. I know he will do it well,
as he ever has done, and as he is doing on this
particular tariff bill. But while he is doing
that, he is not representing my constituents,
nor is he representing their interests; nor do
they thank him for his pretended representa-
tion of them.
Now, sir, this proposition of the Committee
of Ways and Means increases the tariff on scrap
iron, on cuttings and filings, from $8 a ton to
$20 a ton.
Mr. KERR. To $22 40.
Mr. LOGAN. To $22 40. I did not make
the calculation, but I will take the gentleman's
statement. It increases it to that amount; and
for what purpose ? For purposes of revenue ?
Why, no, sir. Every man who knows any-
thing knbws that this tariff on scrap and refuse
iron, punchings, and filings, and things of that
kind, is a prohibitory tariff and not a tariff
for revenue. The gentleman is mistaken when
he pretends that it is a tariff for revenue. It
is no such thing. It is not a tariff to protect
the Government against frauds, either. It is
no such thing as that. But it is a tariff in the
interest of gentlemen who desire to exclude
entirely this competition, and that is all that
it is.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. With great respect, I
think the Committee of Ways and Means have
made a mistake in reference to this paragraph.
I think there should be a distinction, and a very
wide one, between slabs, blooms, and loops,
and other forms, and that ends, clippings, and
punchings should be at about half the rate.
The present duty upon "ends, clippings, and
punchings" is $8 per ton. This bill proposes
to raise the duty to $22 40, which is entirely
too high according to my judgment. I think
it should not be above half a cent per pound.
, I am confirmed in the correctness of this state-
ment by practical iron men, by men who are
i in the iron business. The amendment of the
; gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] I
| believe is to strike out the words " including
ends, clippings, and punchings of new iron."
I would move to amend that amendment so as
to add to this paragraph the words " and on
| ends, clippings, and punchings of new iron,
| one half of one cent per pound." That would
' increase the rate of duty to $11 20 per ton,
, which in my judgment will be sufficiently high.
I think the House would adopt such a propo-
sition as that, whereas if gentlemen insist upon
| pressing the duty of $22 40 per ton it will be
! voted down in the House, and we shall revert
'• to $8 per ton in reference to these three kinds
of scrap iron. I concur with the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] in the pro-
priety of striking out the words he has indi-
cated ; but I want to add to the paragraph the
, words I have indicated: " and on ends, clip-
pings, and punchings of new iron, one half of
one cent per pound."
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment must
be au amendment to the pending amendment.
