3858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
siiip, by the aid of steam. The ports are then closed,
cal ked and pitched, and the ship proceeds upon her
voyage. „
" A portion ofthe tnnbergrown and lumber manu-
factured in the vicinity of Puget sound is being
worked up in theregiOQ of its production with profit,
and the amount is steadily on the increase. Ship-
building is rapidly on the increase, and destined to
become one ofthe important industries of the coun-
try. The very favorable report of the San Fran-
cisco Board of Underwriters, recently made, covering
both the quality and durability of material and the
cost of construction, has very materially stimulated
this branch of industry. It is now conceded that fir
timber, for all the purposes of naval construction,
possesses the strength and durability of white oak,
and holds a fastening: better.
"The report in question asserts the very reasonable
proposition that, the iron. Cordage, and sails of a ship
can be sent to the country producing the timber and
lumber for hull and spars more chcaply than the
latter can be removed to the locality of the former.
This will the more readily appear when it is known
that the construction of a vessel of eight hundred
tons will consume more than one million icet of tim-
ber and lumber, in other words, the timber re-
quired in the construction of a medium-sized sea-
going vessel will make nearly two full cargoes for a
vessel of equal size. 'The keels of twenty-four vessels
of all kinds.were laid Inst year, and nineteen com-
pleted and launched. Tho largest vessel ever built
on the sound is now nearly completed, under the
direction of Mr. Westervelt, of New York, and meas-
ures about fourteen hundred tons."
It is not for the State of Maine, but for the
great western coast that I plead. As this inter-
est is languishing, why should those gentlemen
who desire to foster American industry and
American interests object to removing the tax
from tho materials employed in this particular
branch of business? We have a right to dis-
criminate in favor of a great industry of this
kind.
We arenow enteringupon the race to determ-
ine who shall control the commerce of the
Pacific, whether our flag or the British ensign
shall wave at the mast-head of the ships ply-
ing upon that great ocean ; whether the thou-
sands of ships which come every year into the
liarbor of San Francisco shall bear our proud
national banner or the standard of .foreign
nations; whether we shall impress the islanders
ofthe South Sea, Australia, New Zealand, &c.,
with the dignity of our Government by the
sight of our flag, or whether our commerce
shall be carried on in foreign bottoms.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. LYNCH. I now yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Reeves.]
Mr. H.BKV15S. On yesterday I moved to
amend tho first section of this bill by inserting
after the word "Manila" the words "lead,
copper, and copper sheathing." I desire now,
in the few minutes allotted me, to show why
this amendment should be adopted.
Mr. Speaker, in my judgment the main, ifnot
the only merit of the bill originally reported,
and certainly the whole efficacy of the substi-
tute proposed in its stead, lies in the provision
that on articles of ioreign production which en-
ter into the construction of vessels there shall be
allowed a drawback equal to the duties paid.
Ill principle I hold sueh a discrimination in
favor of one branch of industry over others to
be clearly wrong and indefensible; but as a
matter of public policy, because it is n step in
the direction of a return to that reasonable
and righteous adjustment of the tariff which
alone can afford the full measure of needed
relief to all our depressed business interests,
and because the public mind has been and is
exercised with an especial solicitude on behalf
ol' the declining tonnage and carrying trade of
our country, involving as they do both mate-
rial advantage and the sentiment of American
nationality, I am willing, and I believe the
people of all sections are willing, to sacrifice,
so far as this bill does so, the abstract princi-
ple of equal and exact justice to all classes,
which ought to be the basis of our legislation.
The commercial supremacy, the prestige, and
theglory ofthe American marine, which once
bore abroad under every sky the emblem qf
a mighty people not yet hardened into the
bone and muscle of early manhood, are objects
dear to the memory of Americaus everywhere,
and measures which promise even to help to
restore their waning greatness may be par-
doned something of inconsistency or of in-
equality.
But, Mr. Speaker, we must take care that a
measure against which so grave an objection
can justly be urged as that which applies to
the first section of this bill, is a complete and
not a partial, a thorough and not a half-way
measure. If we are going to take off the duties
from ship-building material when actually used
for that purpose, then we certainly ought to
take off the duties from all those materials,
that we may give lire experiment about to be
instituted a fair trial. Otherwise we hold out
the word of promise to the ear of our ship-
wrights and break it to their hopes.
The purpose of my amendment is to supply
a strange, if not significant, omission from both
the bill and the substitute. I propose to insert
among the enumerated articles on which draw-
backs are to be allowed lead, copper, and copper
sheathing. Every one, even if not versed in
the details of the art of building vessels for
sea voyages, knows that lead and copper, espe-
cially the latter, are important, I might say
essential elements in the cost of such vessels.
To judge how important, you have only to
turn to the voluminous testimony taken before
the select committee, copious selections from
which have been printed in the bound volume
supplied to members, and you will there find
abundant and undisputed proofs that for
wooden ships copper is almost as necessary as
iron itself. It enters into the first construc-
tion, the preparation for sea—at least for all
voyages to low latitudes—and the subsequent
repairs of wooden vessels almost as exten-
sively as does iron ; and if one metal comes
in free so should the other. Both are indis-
pensable, and both should be treated alike.
In the remarks of my colleague from the
second district [Mr. Schumaker] on yester-
day, referring to the very important matter of
ship repairs, lie stated, upon the authority of the
Messrs. Poillon, the builders of the famous
yacht Sappho, which has just repeated the gal-
lant achievement of the America, by beating in
fair contest the fastest of British yachts, that
the copper sheathing required for a ship of one
thousand tons costs in this country to-day
SI,600 more than in England, to say nothing of
the cost of the labor needed to fasten it to the
ship's bottom. Thus it appears, that to copper
the bottom, of fi one-thousand ton ship, $1,500
must be expended by an American in excess of
what it costs an English builder. To whom does
this $1,500 go? Who gets it? Does any part
of it inure to the Government? No, sir ; not
a penny. You have put a duty on copper
sheathing so protective as to embargo its im-
portation, and the American ship-builder, need-
ing cheap copper as much as lie needs cheap
iron or cordage, must .supply his wants from
the American manufacturer at just such price
as the latter chooses to exact. There is no
revenue tax on the rolling of copper sheets for
ships' bottoms, and therefore not a single cent
of this !j>1,500 flows into the Federal Treasury,
it all goes to the owners of stock in copper-
mills or shares in copper mines.
Moreover, Mr. Speaker, this refers only to
the cost of the sheathing by which the ship's
bottom is protected against the ravages of
worms, and does not-include the cost of the
copper bolts, spikes, and nails with which
many portions of the vessel's frame would be
strengthened in preference to iron if our ship-
builders could obtain the copper at a rea-
sonable figure. Vessels copper-fastened are
worth more, last longer, and insure better
than those fastened with iron ; and if outrage-
ously high duties on copper had not stopped
its importation altogether it would be gen-
erally used in the construction of all the better
class of sea-going vessels. As I have said, the
Government derives no revenue from copper
sheeting, for none is imported, and there is no
internal revenuatax on its manufacture. Hence,
the whole difference between its present cost
and what it would cost to import it is so much
bounty transferred direct from the pockets of
the ship-builders into the pockets of the man-
ufacturers.
One result is that ships are sent abroad to be
coppered or recoppered whenever necessary,
an item which is perhaps the largest in the
whole schedule of expenses of keeping ships
in repairs. Consequent upon this result are
numerous lesser but serious evils ; as the tak-
ing of freight at less than paying rates in order
to send the ship to Europe for the purpose of
being repaired ; the surrender to foreign arti-
sans of so much labor as is required to effect
these repairs ; the injury done to those im-
mense docking establishments which have been
so important an element in the unsurpassed
harbor facilities of our great commercial entre-
pot ; the loss of moral power as well as the
sacrifice of material aggrandizement which in ■
evitably attends such a procedure as the send-
ing of American ships to be repaired in British
dockyards, &c. •
Another result is that an inferior article,
known to the trade as "yellow metal," which
I suppose is what is meant in the bill by com-
position metal, is largely used for covering the
bottoms of vessels, because of its comparative
cheapness. It is not equal to copper, it wears
out sooner, and it is much more liable to
frauds in the.manufacture ; yet our ship-build-
ers must use it because they cannot afford lo
meet the extortionate demands of the Ameri-
can copper manufacturer. Now, if we are
asked to consent to a repeal of the tariff on
the inferior composition metal, why not ask
us to also let in the superior metal for sheath-
ing vessels? Why admit iron of certain grades
and exclude copper, which is equally a neces-
sity for the best class of ships? If we want to
promote ship-building so much that we are will-
ing to repeal the tariff in its behalf, why not
make the repeal effective by enabling the build-
ers to get the best material, and all the material
they need, at the lowest possible rates ?
_Why, I ask, was copper left out of this bill?
Did not the committee.know that it is vitally
important to the ship-building interest to have
cheap copper? Did they not know that the
present duty is prohibitory an4 excludes it
utterly? Did _tliey not have before them
representatives" of both the builders and the
owners of ships to show them how indispens-
able an article copper sheathingis in the manu-
facture of wooden ships, the only class of
ships made in this country, or that are likely
to be made here for years to come? Why, then,
do they omit it? Why does the word copper
occur so often in the evidence, and not once
in the bill which purports to be based upon
that evidence? It could not have been for lack
of knowledge; that they all had before com.
mencing their investigation of this subject;
and even if they were not practically aware of
tho fact, they could not fail to realize it after
such a flood of light had been poured into their
minds from the testimony of so many "eminent
builders and owners of ships.
What motive induced them to ignore and
trttally reject from their free list of ship-build-
ing materials one that ought to stand foremost
in their regard ? Some of them, in the ardor
of their zeal for this bill, have suffered them-
selves to be carried so far as to charge the
opposition they encounter with being inspired,
if not sustained, by British influences, by anti-
American interests, and to proclaim that the
facts and arguments which have availed most
potentially against them " proceeded from the
Clyde." If, instead of disproving the facts
and demolishing the_ arguments which so offend
them, they indulge in this ungenerous and un-
worthy style of retort, (for it cannot be called
reply,) may I not properly remind them of the
good old adage, that those who find it fun to
project a certain kind of rude missile should
not dwell in vitreous tenements?
Before aecusingtheir opponents of truckling
to British influence or of rehearsing a story
