1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3859
put into their mouths by foreign ship-build-ers,
(a story which, if true at all, would be none
the less true for proceeding from the Clyde,)
had they better not explain how it came about
that the American copper interest, which has
already had one special tariff enacted in its
behalf, was able to secure the exclusion of
copper from the operation of their proposed
drawback on ship building material? I do
not imitate their example, and charge that
they were inspired to do this by any undue
tenderness toward an active, wide awake in-
terest which deeply engages the attention of
Boston capitalists ; but I do maintain that the
deliberate omission of copper wears so much
of asuspiciousairasonghtatleastto ''strongly
preach humility" to those who are responsible
for it, even if it did not inculcate toleration
and forbearance toward those of us who, while
Eerhaps accepting some features of their bill,
onestly disseut from others, and reject part
or all of tlijir conclusions.
Mr. Speaker, I have refrained hitherto from
entering into the debate on either this or the tari if
bill, and have contented myself with steadily
voting for a reduction of duties upon all im-
ports to the lowest possible standard consist-
ent with a really economical administration of
the Federal Government, believing that in so
doing I was best fulfilling the measure of duty
to my immediate constituency and to the peo-
ple at large. Nor should I deem it well to
depart from this course of conduct and to now
intrude upon the House an expression of my
individual views with reference to the pending
bill did it not fall to my lot to represent here
the only district in the great State of New
York, with her four million inhabitants and
her ownership of over one third the total ton-
nage of the country, which is engaged to any
considerable extent in the business of ship-
building ; the only district within that imperial
Commonwealth wherein can now be seen even
a faint approach to the bustling energy, the
dauntless enterprise, the unequaled skill, and
the prosperous thrift once so grandly displayed
in the industry which then spread over every
sea the "white wings" of American shipping,
whose drooping and nerveless pinions it is the
aim of this bill to replume.
Moreover, there is perhaps not another dis-
trict in the United States which furnishes so
large a quota of American seamen to the com-
mercial marine, nor which contains so many
people interested in maritime pursuits, pro-
portionally to its population, as does the first
congressional district of New York. I had,
therefore, felt ail especial obligation to state, as
briefly and succinctly as might be, the opin-
ions which the discussion of this bill and the
intercourse I have had with intelligent repre-
sentatives of the interests specially affected
have impressed upon my mind, particularly in
connection with the amendmentwhieh loffered
on yesterday; but feeling no desire, and con
scious of no ability to slnne in debate, ! would
have restricted my treatment of the subject- to
a concise and compendious survey of the field
which older and abler speakers have already
explored, had there been time allowed me for
an exposition of my views. As it is I am com-
pelled to limit myself to a very short summary
of what I believe to be the wishes, the senti-
ments, and the needs of ship-builders, as rep-
resented by those residing within my district.
In the name of that industry, now prostrate
beneath the weight of adverse legislation and
a ruinous political policy, I undertake to say
that ship-builders do not ask for subsidies, nor
for bounties ; they want no such adventitious
aid at the expense of other productive indus-
tries ; they need not to be bolstered with con-
gressional favors of that sort; they do not de-
sire governmental" protection," in the sinister
sense which that much-abused word,has come
to bear as connected with modern legislation.
If their business was in its normal condition,
all they would ask would be to be '"let alone,"
to have a elcar field and freedom from oppress-
ive restrictions. They would simply say to
Government, Hands off! Let us have peace,
and plenty of it! Do not overweight us with
intolerable taxation ; do not cramp us in a
match with our fleet rivals across the big pond ;
do not protect other interests at our expense,
and we will gladly dispense with ' protection'
for ourselves!"
Such would be their universal demand if they
were now m the same equal or nearly equal
condition for competing with foreign builders
in which they stood before the war and its
brood of tariffs had driven them so far to the
rear. But now, as a temporary measure, en-
abling them partially to recover their lost van-
tage-ground, they ask with united voice that
the materials of their craft shall be admitted
free of duty. For the reasons assigned at the
outset of my remarks, I am disposed to grant
fhem this boon, even while admitting its essen-
tial injustice to other interests; but I insist upon
the admission of all the materials they need or
none—on complete relief or none. If lumber,
timber, hemp, Manila, composition metal, and
the low grades of iron and steel must come in
free to ship-builders alone, because Ihgtr in-
dustry cannot be revived without cheap mate-
rial for its exercise, then, by parity of reasoning,
copper must be included in the same category,
because the revival would not be complete
without cheap copper.
The ship-building interest seeks no alliance
with the copper of Michigan any more than it
does with the iron of Pennsylvania or the hemp
of Kentucky; and on the other hand it does
not array itself in antagonism to either of those
great sources of national wealth ; it is ready to
bear its fair share of the burden of taxation,
but it does not consent and it cannot endure
to be taxed out of existence for the benefit of
those interests or of any one of them. Aggress-
ive toward 110 other interest, but on the con-
trary patient and long-suffering from many
sourccs, it recognizes the true, the full, the
only remedy for the evils under which it now
feebly languishes, in a radical—excuse the in-
voluntary pun—reform of the tariff; but as
that is not to be looked for it craves special
exemption from a load too heavy to be longer
borne.
If I may assume to translate into plain Eng-
lish the inarticulate aspirations of the ship-
builder's heart, as he contemplates the causes
which have turned the busy hum of his ship-
yard, once a teeming hive of well-rewarded
labor, into the mournful stillness of the grave,
and lecalls with quickening puise the triumphs
of his art, which, obedient to the molding
mind and shaping hand of man, came forth
from their earthly cradle perfect in loveliness,
robed in snow, and decked with all the brave
tracery of bending mast, and tapering spar, and
swaying shroud, and heaven-kissing pennon—
" a thing of beauty and a joy" to beholders—
to ride victorious over all the oceans round
which nature has not built "protecting" walls
of thick-ribbed ice ; if, when his mind is filled
with such reflections, I may venture to trans-
mute the poetry of his self-eommunings info
the dull prose of commonplace speech, 1
would say to this Congress, "Cut down your
tariff on iron and steel and copper and cord-
age and lumber, and the thousand other arti-
cles that not only make part of the hull, and
rigging, and equipment of ships, but also enter
into the daily'consumption of the families of
those who build and of those who man jour
shipping : abolish theuiiquitousand unbearable
accumulation of charges for harbor-master,
quarantine, health officer, and other special
port fees and local tonnage dues; encourage
and protect American seamen in your own
ports as well as in the ports of other countries;
admit to registry and the privileges of your
flag foreign-built iron steamers of over two
thousand or twenty-five hundred tons burden,
and continue this liberal policy at least as long
as your own artificers cannot compete with
foreigners—restricting such ships, if you will,
to the foreign carrying trade; cease your own
fatal work of reconstructing peaceful States;
stop petting the freedmen of the South for
political purposes, and set them to growing the
cotton, the tobacco, the sugar, for which com-
merce will always find a ready market abroad
and whose transportation will employ an amount
of tonnage to which no man can fix a definite
limit. Do these things, and not only will
American ship-building start; at once into re-
newed activity, but that activity will continue
and expand safely, uniformly, and harmoni-
ously, without disastrous fluctuations and with-
out theneccssify of discriminating legislation at
the expense of other interests perhaps equally
deserving, but not so prominently nor so inti-
mately associated with the strong sentiment
of American national pride and ambition."
Mr. LYNCH. I yield to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Giuswold.]
Mr. GHISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, the bill
under consideration is reported by the select
committee appointed by this House on the
Cause of the Decline of American Tonnage,
and is entitled " A bill to revive the navigation
and commercial interests of the United States."
The first section provides, first, that there
shall be a rebate or drawback equal to the duties
imposed upon all mateiials imported for the con-
struction of iron, wooden, or composite vessels;
second, that if American material is used in the
construction of iron, steel, or composite ves-
sels, there shall be paid out of the Treasury of
the United States an amount equal to the duties
imposed on similar materials of foreign manu-
facture when imported. This section, it will
be seen, applies to vessels in the foreign trade,
and also those navigating onr lakes and rivers
and in the coastwise trade between home
ports.
The second section provides that all coal
and ship stores used on any vessel between the
United States and foreign ports shall be exempt
from tariff or impost duty, and also from in-
ternal revenue tax.
Section three provides that every American
registered vessel of any description, engaged
in the carrying trade for six months or over in
the year, shall receive from the United States
annually a subsidy, as follows: if a steamer,
running between American and any European
ports, or between any European ports, four
j dollars for each registered ton ; and if running
between American and any other foreign ports,
(not European,) or between any such other for-
eign ports, three dollars for each registered
ton; and if running between American and
ports of the North American provinces, or be-
tween ports of those provinces, $1 50 for each
registered ton ; and for every sail vessel that has
been so engaged running between American
and foreign or between foreign ports, $1'50 for
each registered ton.
The fourth section of the act regulates the
tonnage duties on vessels entered in the United
States from foreign ports.
The fifth section limits the benefits of the
act to ten years from the 1st of July next.
Mr. Speaker, while 1 am heartily in favor
of the general objects of this bill, the revival
of our commercial marine and increase of
American shipping and ship-building; while
I am fully impressed with the loss which we
have sustained, not only pecuniarily, but in
our prestige as a maritime nation during the
last ten yeais, and regard the objects designed
to be accomplished by this bill as so import-
ant, so desirable, as to justify us in going to
the verge of prudent and constitutional legis-
lation, 1 cannot entirely agree with the com-
mittee as to the causes of the decline and pres-
ent depression of these interests, and 1 am
wholly opposed to some of the provisions of
the biil proposed and designed as a remedy.
The committee state in their report "that its
decadence is attributable mainly, if not solely,
to the war." That during the war, from 1801to
the spring of 18G4, one hundred and ten thousand
one hundred and sixty-three tons of American
