1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1027
in my face that I had reluctantly given way
when I was very anxious to dispose of a matter
which I have in hand. When the floor was
originally assigned to me I said to the Senator
from Minnesota that I would not stand in his
way in regard to the bill abolishing franking,
thinking that it ought to be acted upon; and
having said that, I repeat I will not stand in
his way for such a motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I would merely make one
remark on the order of business. I think that
to-day should be set apart, according to our
rule, for private bills. In saying that I abandon
with great reluctance the opportunity which I
supposed, under the lead of the Senator from
New York, we should have at an early day of
considering the census bill. That is an import-
ant practical measure, which seems to me
should not stand aside now for anything except
this special order. The bill in charge of ray
friend for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege can wait for a few days, at least until we
have considered the census bill.
Mr. CONKLING. It has waited a long while
already.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I present seven petitions
from citizens of the State of Oregon, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Yesterday I received several letters asking
for Patent Office reports. I move that these
petitions lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BICE presented the memorial of Elias
C. Boudinot, a Cherokee Indian, protesting
against annulling the Cherokee treaty in rela-
tion to taxing products sold outside of the
Indian Territory; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
James W. Hnmes, of Washington county, Vir-
ginia, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Beaufort county, Sooth Carolina, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. ABBOTT presented several petitions of
citizens of North Carolina, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented several peti-
tions of citizens of Delaware, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. McCREERY presented two petitions of
citizens of Kentucky, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
> to lie on the table.
Mr. SCHURZ presented several petitions of
citizens of Missouri, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. VICKERS presented two petitions of
citizens of Maryland, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I present several of the peti-
tions originating in the Post Office Department
for the abolition of the franking privilege; and
the deputy postmasters, I suppose, send them
to me as a means of advertising to their master
that they are in the execution of their duties.
I move that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
John S. Copenhaver, of Marion, Smyth county,
Virginia, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented several petitions of citi-
zens of Virginia, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. LEWIS presented nine petitions of citi-
zens of Virginia, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of John L.
Cochran, of Albemarle county, Virginia, pray-
ing for the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of James R.
Fisher, of Virginia, Charles H. Barnes, and
of Robert J. Glass, of Frederick county, Vir-
finia, praying for the removal of their political
isabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Disa-
bilities.
Mr. WARNER presented the petitions of 1
Jacob Magee, B. L. Posey, and E. B. Lott,
of Mobile, Alabama, praying for the removal of
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented several petitions of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented several
petitions of citizens of Maine, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PRATT presented several petitions of
citizens of Indiana, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. NYE presented resolutions adopted by
a meeting of citizens of Alaska, in favor of the
establishment of a land office, and compensa-
tion for property taken from them by the Gov-
ernment which they had purchased of the
Russo-American Company, and of establishing
a territorial government for said territory;
which were referred to the Committee on
Territories.
He also presented several petitions of citi-
zens of Nevada, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. HOWE. I beg leave to present a memo-
rial from the officers of the Washington City
Tobacco Manufacturing Association, asking
for an act of incorporation, with a copy of the
constitution the company has agreed to work
under. I understand it is an association of
colored men here in the city of Washington
proposing to start manufacturing business in
the city. I present it, I think, with more satis-
faction than I ever presented a memorial in my
life in this body. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and I hope that God's choicest blessings may
go with it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE also presented several petitions
of citizens of Wisconsin, praying for tne aboli-
tion of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY presented several petitions
of citizens of Rhode Island, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of citizens
of Washington and Bunt counties, Nebraska,
praying for the establishment of a mail route
from Blair, Washington county, Nebraska, to
West Point, Cumming county,Nebraska; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Nebraska, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege: which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Catharine Barry, of Baltimore, Maryland,pray-
ing to be allowed a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROY presented the following
resolution, unanimously adopted at a regular
meeting of Federal City Division No. 2, Sons
of Temperance, held on Febrnary 2, 1870:
- Retolved, That as citizens of Washington, and as
a temperance organization, we respectfully petition
the Congress of the United States to give this com-
munity a prohibitory liquor law similar to that
introduced by Senator Pomeroy.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, cigar manufacturers, praying
a reduction of the tax on Stoga cigars, and for
such modification of the law as will relieve
them of many of its restrictions ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
Abraham Nulton, of Frederick county, Vir-
ginia, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citi-
zens of the third congressional district of Penn-
sylvania, journeymen cigar-makers, praying
that a higher duty be placed upon the import-
ation of foreign cigars ; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
PAPKBS WITHDRAWN AND REFKIIRKD.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
it was
Ordered, That the petition of the United States
Express Company, praying that the Secretary of
the Treasury be authorized to issue to that com-
pany United States bonds and compound-interest
notes in lieu of bonds and notes destroyed by firo
on the 30th of January, 1866, and the accompany-
ing papers, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Ordered, That the petition of Sarah L. Spring and
Harriet Spring, praying that they may be allowed
the pension duo William Barker; also that they be
allowed the half pay to which ho was entitled under
resolution of Congress of October 21,1780, granting
half pay to the surviving offioers of the Revolution,
be taKen from the flies of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. Jane Dean Bishop have leave
to withdraw from the files of the Senate the peti-
tion of naval officers at League Island, praying re-
lief for Mrs. Jane Dean Bishop, widow of William
S. Bishop, deceased, late a surgeon in the Navy.
?RANKING PRIVILEGE PETITIONS.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make a sug-
gestion, if it is in order. It is obvious that
the rule under which petitions for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege may be pre-
sented and filed with the Secretary is not
observed. I have always observed it, but it is
not observed by others; and the reason, I sup-
pose, is that petitions filed with the Secretary
do not appear in the Globe among the pro-
ceedings, so that the reports do not show that
they have ever been presented. The sugges-
tion I wish to make, and if it is necessary to
move an order for that purpose I will do so,
is that the Secretary furnish the reporters a
list of the petitions that are filed with him
under the rule, so that they may appear.in the
Globe with the proceedings; and then I think
Senators will not be so anxious to present
them in the Senate publicly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks a modification of the previous res-
olution of the Senate in regard to filing peti-
tions relative to the abolition of the franking
privilege, so that the Secretary shall furnish a
Fist of the Senators who present such petitions
to the reporters for the Globe.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say for myself,
so that my constituents may not suppose that
I have suppressed their petitions, that yester-
day I presented over fifty to the Secretary, and
every day since the Qrder was made 1 have
presented such petitions to the Secretary.
Mr. THURMAN. I have done the same
thing, but they do not appear in the reports of
our proceedings. My motion is that the Sec-
retary furnish the reporters with a list of the
petitions so presented.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the order suggested by the Senator from
Ohio ? The Chair hears none; and it is so
ordered. The Chair will state that the Jour-
