1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4803
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Francis M. Davis, late a private
in company A, fifty-first regiment Indiana vol-
unteers, the pension to continue from the pas-
sage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
bv which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RACHEL W. HUSTON.
Mr. PHELPS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (EL R. No. 2331) granting
a pension to Rachel W. Iiuston; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pensiou-ioll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Rachel W. Huston, widow of
Chauncey P. Iiuston, late a corporal in com-
pany Gr, sixty-first Pennsylvania volunteers,
the pension to commence frotn and after the
pass-age of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SARAII GILLETT.
Mr. PHELPS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. It. No. 2332) granting a
pension to Sarah Gillett; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Sarah Gillett, widow of James H.
Gillett, late a private in company H, fourth regi-
ment Tennessee cavalry, the pension to com-
mence from the passage of the act, and to con-
tinue during her widowhood.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM EUVTIX.
Mr. PHELPS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. 11. No. 2333 ) granting
a pension to William Erwin : which was read
a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of William Erwin, of Kingston, Ten-
nessee, late a private in company A, second
Tennessee volunteers, the pension to be paid
from and after the passage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ABRAHAM CORRELL.
Mr. PHELPS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (II. It. No. 2334) granting a
pension to Abraham Correll; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill provides that the Seeretsiry of the
Interior be authorized and directed to place
upon the pension-roll ot the United Slates,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension lp-ws, the name of Abraham Correll,
late scout and guide in the employ of tlieUnited
States forces in Kentucky, at the rate of eight
dollars per month from and after the passage
of the act.
Mr. PHELPS. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question- ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was ordered to bo en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PITELPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider he laid on the
table.
The, latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. PHELPS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely on the following cases;
and the same were laid on the table:
The petition of Joseph Montgomery, late
private company F, fifteenth regiment Iowa
volunteer infantry, for a pension;
A bill (II. R. No. 1244) granting a pension
to Mary 0. Montgomery ;
The petition of Arlette Leonard, widow of
Marvin H. Leonard, for a pension ;
The petition of Mary Danahy, mother of
Daniel D. Danahy, late private of company
H, eighteenth New York cavalry, for a pen-
sion ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 1616) granting a pension
to Christiana Arnell.
Mr. CESSNA. I desire to have a vote of
the House in reference to this last bill, grant-
ing a pension to Christiana Arnell. I am per-
fectly willing to let the House adjourn, and let
the question go over until to-morrow as the
unfinished business.
The SPEAKER. Thebillisupon the table,
having been reported adversely by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions; and the gentle-
man can enter a motion to reconsider, which
he can call up at any time when other business
is not pending.
Mr. CESSNA. I am perfectly willing to
agree to auy proposition that will bring the bill
before the House for consideration. I will
enter the motion to reconsider now, and let it
go over until to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. To-morrow morning has
been set apart for the business of the Commit-
tee on Commerce. The motion to reconsider
is a privileged motion, and the gentleman can
call it up for consideration at another time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1" move to reconsider the
vote in rr-feretice to the other adverse reports ;
and also move to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRAUDULENT TRADE-MARKS.
Oil motion of Mr. MAYNARD, by unani-
mous consent, a bdl (S. No. 829) in relation
to fraudulent trade-marks of foreign watches
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
U PSIIUIt COUKT-M ".RI'l AL.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
liemhed. That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to furnish to this House a copy ot the evi-
dence and finding of a court-uiaitiai in the ta^e of
Commodore Upshur.
POSTAL TKLEGltAPII SYSTEM.
Mr. PALMER, by unanimous consent, from
the select Commit tee on Postal Telegraph Lines,
reported a bill (II. R. No. 2329) to establish a
postal telegraph system and incorporate the
United States Postal Telegraph Company;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
CHRISTIANA AKSELL.
Mr. CESSNA. I hope I will be allowed to
call up the motion to reconsider the vote lay-
ing on the table Elouse bill No. 161G, granting
a pension to Christiana Arnell.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot allow
anything to conflict with the previous orders
of the House.
Mr. CESSNA. It will not take more than
five minutes in any event 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have
the fullest opportunity of bringing up his mo-
tion without colliding with the other business
of the House.
GOVERNMENT WAREHOUSES AT NEW YORK.
Mr. REEVES. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
l'mnfapd, That the Committee on Commerce be,
and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the
expediency of reporting a biti for the creetion of Gov-
ernment warehouses on Oyster Island, in the lower
bay of New York harbor, or at some other point con-
venient to the present quarantine station, for the
stoiage of merchandise coming from infected ports
or in vessels otherwise subject to quarantine control;
and that tne committee have leave to report at any
time.
Mr. ICELSEY. I must object, unless the
gentleman will strike out the last words, " and
that the committee have leave to report at any
time."
Mr. REEVES. I am willing .to stiike out
those words.
The resolution, with the words giving the
committee leave to report at anytime stricken
out, was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS TO-MOltROW.
Mr. JENCKES. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I wish to know whether the
order giving an hour to the Committee on Com-
merce will interfere with the calling of other
committees?
The SPEAKER. The Chair informs the
gentleman that tho arrangement is to give the
first morning hour to the Committee on Com-
merce, and the next for reports from commit-
tees of a private nature.
And then, on motion of Mr. KELSEY, (at
five o'clock and five minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas: The petitions
of Harmond St. John, of San county, and
William D. Ilerrick, of Brazos county, Texas,
for removal of their political disabilities.
By Mr. CULLOM: The petition and other
papers of Isabella Fogy, asking for an increase
of pension. &
By Mr. DEGENER: The petition of R. T.
Denny, of Neuces county, Texas, for removal
of political disabilities.
By Mr. HAMILTON: A memorial of the
Florida Telegraph Company, I. K. Roberts,
piesident.
By Mr. KELLEY : The petition and memo-
rial of John H. Catherwood & Co., and 47
other firms of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
importers and wholesale dealers in teas,
coffees, and sugars, asking Congress _ to pass
the original tariff bill without modification
respecting the time when the bill takes effect.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of William II.
Roysler, a citizen of Person county, North
Carolina, for removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. PAINE : A memorial of the Cham-
ber "of Commerce of Milwaukee, in favor oi
the completion of the breakwater at Buffalo.
By Mr. PORTER : The petition of Williau
Saunders, of Loudon county, Virginia, pray
ing the removal of his legal and political dis
abilities, imposed by the fourteenth aiticle o
amendments to the Constitution.
By Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee: The petitioi
of Mrs. Joseph C. Jones, of Tennessee, pray
ing for compensation for property taken b;
United States troops during the war.
