1972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
tile Secretary of War, in reply to. a. resolution
adopted by the House February 15, 1870, in-
structing him to furnish this House with a
copy of all correspondence between his De-
partment . and the Attorney General of the
United States1 tfelativfe to the title to. the Uni-
ted States' military reservation, Fort Brown,
Texas; also, of all instructions given to Cap-
tain W. A. Wainwright, quartermaster United
States Army, to negotiate with and purchase
from, the heirs ofM. J. Gurazo, deceased, the
title to the said property; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
action of texas legislature.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Adju-
tant General of the Army, transmitting the offi-
cial action of the Legislature of Texas, acting
as a provisional body under the reconstruction
laws of Congress; which was referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction, and ordered to
be printed.
election contest.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House papers in the contested-
election ease from the second district of
Texas; which was referred to the Committee
of Elections.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Knapp for five days.
deficiency bill.
The House then resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the State of the Union,
(Mr. Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1346)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending Juno
30, 1870, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
pending paragraph.
The Clerk read as-follows :
For continuing construction, granite, and lime-
stone work for custom-house, St. Paul. Minnesota,,
810,000.
Mr. DAWES. I have an amendment which
I wish to have inserted after this paragraph.
Mr. WARD. What has become of the mo-
tion made yesterday afternoon to strike out
this entire paragraph?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was under
the impression that it had been withdrawn, it
was moved and withdrawn several times to
allow gentlemen an opportunity to debate.
Mr. WARD. It was not withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the first question
will be upon the motion to strike out.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I desire to
say a few words.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. There was a
half a minute allowed by the House on this
paragraph. I want that half minute.
The CHAIRMAN. This amendment has
been debated for and against, and no further
debate upon it is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Did notthegentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] move an amend-
ment to this paragraph, and cannot that be
debated?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts said he wanted to move an
amendment to come in immediately after this
paragraph; but pending the motion to strike
out that amendment was not received.
The question was taken upon the motion to
strike out, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. DAAVES. I move to amend this bill by
inserting after the pending paragraph the fol-
lowing :
Eor continuing the work on the court-house and
post office at Des Moines, Iowa, $15,000.
Mr. PAINE. Is this amendment offered
from the Committee on Appropriations ?
Mr. DAWES. I move it by instruction of
the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph was read:
Eor roofing, interior brick-work, and plastering
of the court-house at Madison .Wisconsin, $20,000.
Mr. ATWOOD. I move to amend the par-
agraph just read by striking out " $20,000"
and inserting " $30,000." This building is
one which I understand comes within the class
of works that the Committee on Appropria-
tions propose to appropriate money to finish.
The post office and court-house building at Mad-
ison is now in a condition for roofing. The
appropriations asked for at this session are
intended to complete the entire work on this
building. The estimated amount to be placed
in the deficiency bill was $-10,000. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations have reported $20, -
000. Now, in order to make proper progress
with this work and to act with good economy
on the part of the Government, it is necessary
that the appropriation here proposed shall be
increased to atleast $30,000. All the machin-
ery for going on with the work is now in read-
iness ; the hands to do the work are employed.
If the appropriation which I ask for is made,
this building will be completed some months
earlier than if we wait for the general appropri-
ation to go into force in July next. I understand
that the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations [Mr. Dawes] will raise no particu-
lar objection, if any, to the increase I have pro-
posed. I propose a sum between the amount
reported by the committee aud the amount
estimated for the deficiency.
Mr. DAWES. The committee have investi-
gated this amendment, and think it comes
within the principle laid down by them.
The amendment moved by Mr. Atwood was
then agreed to upon a division—ayes fifty-nine,
noes not counted.
The Clerk read the following:
3?or continuing the construction of the building
for court-house and post offioo in New York city,
$400,000.
Mr. COBURN. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by adding to it the following :
Provided, That no part of this sum shall bo ex-
ponded until a plan with full specifications has been
adopted and fixed by law, and the cost of tho same
also fixed by law.
I will briefly state the object of ray amend-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My point
of order is that this amendment is new legis-
lation, and not in order on an appropriation
bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Then
move to strike out the whole thing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. DAWES. This amendment presents
the question whether there is now any law
requiring us to go on without a plan ; if there
is, then this is new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order; the amendment is a qualifica-
tion upon an appropriation, and not excluded
by the twenty-first rule.
Mr. COBURN. The object of my amend-
ment is this: it has been the practice hereto-
fore to begin works of this kind, and to make
appropriations from year to year until these
buildings were completed, without reference to
the cost, without reference to the style of the
buildings, or to themannerin which they were
to be constructed. Now, I want to call the
attention of the Committee of the Whole to
several propositions that will come before us
shortly, aud to the practice that has been pur-
sued for years. The basis of appropriations
of this kind will be found in documents like
" Executive Document No. 135" of this ses-
sion ; which is a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury transmitting '' reports of the
supervising architect, relative to the erection
of publi'cbuildingsatErie, Pennsylvania ; Ral-
eigh, North Carolina; GrandRapids, Michigan,
and other places.''
I wish to direct the attention of the House
to the.letters directed to the Secretary of tho
Treasury in reference to each of these works.
In regard to the building at Erie, Pennsylvania,
Mr. Mullet says:
*' There is no doubt as to the necessity for a new
building, and I would strongly recommend that
measures be taken to that end at the earliest prac-
ticable moment.
"A building of the kind required to meet tho pres-
ent and prospective wants of the city would costnot
less than $250,000; but in my opinion the interests
of tho Government would be promoted by such an
expenditure."
So in relation to Raleigh, North Carolina,
he says:
"A building of the description indicated and of
sufficient size to accommodate all tho wants of tho
Government in tho eity of Raleigh could not be
erected for much less than the sum of $250,000.
" I would therefore recommend that an appropri-
ation of $100,000 be obtained of Congress during the
' session."
In reference to the building at Grand Rapids,
Michigan, he says:
"A building of the character indicated, of sufficient
size to accommodate the wants of the public service,
in the city of Grand Rapids would cost notlessthan
$250,000; but an appropriation of $100,000 would be
ample for the present."
Mr. Mullet makes a similar recommendation
with regard to a public building at St. Joseph.
The cost of the building at Hartford is to be
$300,000 ; that at Kansas City, $200,000; that
at Quincy, $200,000; that at Jefferson City,
$200,000._ The aggregate is some $2,200,000.
Now, sir, the basis, the foundation-stone of
each one of these appropriations is a letter of
the supervising architect of the Treasury to the
Secretary of the Treasury. Instead of a pro-
vision of law declaring that the building shall
be of a certain style, of certain dimensions,
and shall cost a certain sum, we have an esti-
mate or a letter of the supervising architect of
the Treasury, and upon that estimate, or that
letter, we go on and make appropriations.
I now call the attention of the House to the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury as given
in this document. The last sentence of that
letter is as follows :
" I especially urge upon Congress tho importance
of limiting tho cost of each building in tho act au-
thorizing its commencement. This being done.. I
shall require the plans and estimates to be so pre-
pared as to secure the completion of the work within
the limitation fixed by Congress."
Mr. Chairman, in my view there can be no
more important subjcct than the matter now
before us. Here are nine public buildings
which it is proposed shall cost $2,200,000;
and here are the Boston post office, the New
York post office, and the San Francisco mint,
which will cost millions more?. I have been
credibly informed that this New York post
office, it is expected, will cost $7,000,000.
That estimate may be somewhat wide of the
mark. The Boston post office it is calculated
will cost two or three million dollars, and the
San Francisco mint as much more. We can
just as well now declare by a provision of law
that the cost of these buildings shall not exceed
a certain sum as to make such a provision at
any future time. I want to say that I am in
favor of erecting good, substantial buildings.
Let them be plain, substantial, and durable.
Why should^ we go on and erect magnificent
structures with columns and towers and domes
and statuary, and the various other ornaments
that an architect maybe disposed to introduce
in the erection of a public building ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, there is un-
doubtedly a great deal of merit in the sugges-
tions of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Co-
burn ;] and a provision in accordance with his
views might be appropriately introduced as a
matter of general legislation in a bill to govern
the erection of all public buildings that may
