1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
nal, the official record, does state the Senators
who present these petitions.
Mr. THURMAk, But the Globe does not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio is right in that.
The following petitions, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege, were pre-
sented, filed with the Secretary, and ordered to
He ou the table under the order of the Senate,
namely:
By the VICE PRESIDENT: Thirty-seven,
from citizens of various States.
By Mr. SUMNER: Three from citizens of
Massachusetts, and one from citizens of New
J 6TS6y
By Mr. EDMUNDS: One from citizens of
Vermont.
By Mr. RAMSEY: Nine from citizens of
Minnesota.
By Mr. CAMERON: Six from citizens of
Pennsylvania.
By Mr. BOREMAN: Five from citizens of
West Virginia.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: One from citizens of
Oregon.
By Mr. HOWE: Thirteen from citizens of
Wisconsin.
By Mr. CONKLING: Twelve from citizens
of New York.
By Mr. PATTERSON: One from citizens
of New Hampshire.
By Mr. HAMLIN: One from citizens of
Maine.
By Mr. HARLAN: One from citizens of
Spring Lake, Iowa.
By Mr. STEWART: One from citizens of
Nevada.
By Mr. MORRILL, of Maine: Five from
citizens of Maine.
By Mr. WILSON: One from citizens of
\I a ccn/tn ooHi
By Mr. FERRY: One from citizens of War-
ren, Connecticut.
By Mr. SHERMAN: Ten from citizens of
Ohio.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of January 28, 1870, the report of
the chief of engineers upon the survey of the
harbor of Duluth, at the head of Lake Supe-
rior ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred th®
bill (S. No. 481) to provide foe the appoint-
ment of a stenographer to the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the memorial of the trustees of the Corcoran
Gallery of Art, reported a bill (S. No. 492) to
incorporate the trustees of the Corcoran Gallery
of Art, and for other purposes; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. POMIJROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was recommitted the
bill (S. No. 351) for the protection of th#
settlers within the Fort Ridgely military reser-
vation, Minnesota, reported it with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 445) to amend an
act for a grant of lands to the State of Kansas
in alternate sections, to aid in the construction
of certain railroads and telegraphs in said
State, reported it with amendments.
Mr. THlURMAN, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 849) for the relief of
Samuel F. Butterworth, reported it with amend-
ments ; and submitted a report, which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
to whom was recommitted the bill (S. No. 164)
to amend an act entitled "An act for the relief
of Alexander J. Atocha," approved February
14, 1865, reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Patents, to whom was referred the memorial
of George Wright, praying remuneration for
the use of his patent linchpin by the War
Department, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 493) for the relief of George
Wright. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
: be printed,
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 109) in relation to settlers
on the late Sioux Indian reservation in the
State of Minnesota, reported it without amend-
ment.
NATIONAL TnEOLOGICAIi INSTITUTE.
Mr. HARRIS. I reported back a few days
ago, from the Committee on the District of
Columbia, Senate bill No. 414, relative to the
construction of the charter of the National
Theological Institute. I think there will be
no objection to its passage. I move to take it
up for consideration at this time.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 414) declaring the con-
struction of an act to incorporate the National
Theological Institute, approved May 10,1866,
and also an act to amend an act entitled "An
act to incorporate the National Theological
Institute, ana to define and extend the powers
of the same," approved March 2, 1867. The
preamble recites that an act to incorporate
the National Theological Institute, approved
May 10, 1866, and also an act to define and
extend the powers of the same, approved
March 2, 1867, have been misconstrued by an
attempt to remove the seat of its operations to
a distant locality, in direct contravention of
said acts; and that Joseph C. Lewis, Edmund
Turney, John S. Polee, Charles H. Morse,
William T. Johnson, Lindsay Muse, William
F. Nelson, George F. McLellan, Clement Rob-
inson, George M. Condron, S. Alexander, U.
H. Hutchins, W. T. Wiswall, and S. L. Crissey,
continue to exercise their functions as the ex-
ecutive committee, by the authority of the cor-
Eoration at its seat of operations within the
•istrict of Columbia, according to the intention
of those acts. The bill then proceeds to declare
that the acts of incorporation of the institute
are construed to and do locate the seat of opera-
tions of the corporation within the District of
Columbia and city of Washington, and that
the executive committee named are in law and
in fact the persons authorized to transact the
usual business of the corporation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
494) for the relief of William A. Griffin; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move that the bill, together
with a report made W Mr. Frelinghuysen, late
Senator from New Jersey, on the subject, be
referred to the Committee on Claims,
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 495) to confirai entries of public lands in
certain cases; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
Consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 496) granting a pension to Emily Hayne ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
497) for the relief of Albert Towle, postmaster
at Beatrice, Nebraska ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No
498) for the establishment of certain post
routes in Kansas; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
STATE FUNDS HELD IN TRUST.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a bill of a public
character on the table, upon which there is a
necessity of immediate action, and to which I
think, there will be no objection. It is Senate
bill No. 441, reported from the Committee on
Finance. I move that it be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning-
hour business is exhausted, and the Senator
frotn Ohio moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 441.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill will take but a
moment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish to inquire whether
this business will cease at one o'clock.
Mr. SHERM AN. It will take but a moment
to dispose of the bill. I think there will be
no objection to it when a letter of the Secretary
of the Interior is read.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose at one o'clock,
as it seems to be the desire of the Senate, to
call up the bill abolishing the franking priv-
ilege.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill will only take
the time occupied in reading the papers, I
presume.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 441) prescribing the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury in cer-
tain case3 therein named. The bill provides
that whenever any State shall have been, or
may be, in default in the payment of interest
or principal on investments in its stocks or
bonds held by the United States in trust, it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to retain the whole, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, of any moneys due on any
account from the United States to such State,
and to apply the same to the payment of such
principal and interest, or either, or to the reim-
bursement, with interest thereon, of moneys
advanced by the United States on account of
interest due on snch stocks or bonds.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like,.to have
my colleague explain that bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask for the reading
of the letters of the Secretary of the Interior,
which will explain it in fewer words than 1
can do it.
The Secretary read the following letters:
Department op this Interior,
Washington, D. C.. January 25,1870.
Sib : I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a letter addressed to you by my predecessor on
the 27th d^y of January, 1868.
A copy of the draft to which he refers is not in
the Department, but 1 inclose a bill subBtantially
in the same terms and designed to accomplish the
same object as the joint resolution. The latter, as
appears from the reported debates, met the unan-
imous approval of your committee, was adopted by
the Senate, but failed in the House of Representa-
tives for want of time. The reasons urged by my
predecessor in favor of farther legislation on the
subject mentioned in his letter still exist. -lV,
I trust, if your honorable committee concur with
me in opinion, that the bill will be presented for the
consideration of the Senate at an early day. X am
not aware that it is susceptible of amendment, it
is sanctioned by legislative precedents, and provides
for reimbursing the United States for moneys ad-
vanced on account of interest falling due on bonus
held in trust, issued by States whicn failed to pay
the interest on their securities as it became-due, ana
for retaining and applying so much of the moneys
due from the United States to such States as will be
necessary to satisfy the principal and interest on
such bonds as are due and unpaid.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. D. COX, Secretary.
Hon. John Sherman,
Chairman Committee on Finance, 17. S. Senate.
