1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Morgan.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. MORGAN. What should we do now ?
The war was a family one, and we wore not free
from blame. We furnished the rebels great
generals to organize their armies and to meet
us in battle array. We fought them like men,
as they fought us. We conquered; tl ey sur-
rendered, and like brave men they have kept
their faith; like brave men we should keep
ours. I would make friends with them. I
would once more draw them to our hearts. I
would ask them to rally around the brave old
flag which represented them and us alike ; and
when the next war came I should ask Joe
Johnston, Robert Lee, and Albert Sidney John-
ston, if he were alive, and their late comrades
in arms, to stand by our side in the next war in
fighting a common enemy in defense of our
common flag. [Applause.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is no bitterness in
my heart, although there is much of sadness.
I regret more than I can express the unhappy
condition of our country. I desire to see the
evils which exist corrected, and not from parti-
san feeling, but from a sense of duty, I feel
that I should go further in my charges against
the evil policy of the leaders of the miscalled
Republican party.
Sir, from the time of the Declaration oflnde-
pendence down to the present hour there has
been in this country a class of men who are
monarchists at heart. It is a historical fact
with which every gentleman on this floor is
familiar, that when the Declaration of Inde-
pendence was drafted by Thomas Jefferson and
published to the world, one third of the peo-
ple of the Colonies were loyal to the monarch
of Great Britain—"loyal," that, sir, was the
term then. They called themselves loyalists,
but are known to history as " Tories." They
believed in a monarchy and they had the man-
hood to fight for the cause in which they
believed.
But, sir, the Revolution triumphed, and when
the Constitution was formed the Tory element
melted into what was miscalled the Federal
party, for in fact its leaders were monarchists.
Jn the Convention which framed the Constitu-
tion the monarchical element boldly asserted
itself. Its chief was a great man, Alexander
Hamilton, whose doctrines are to-day the
models of the self-styled Republican party.
Alexander Hamilton appeared in the Conven-
tion and advocated a system of government
monarchical in its character; and when de-
feated he retired from the Convention with
disgust, and did not appear in that body again
until a short time before the Constitution was
formed.
Well, sir, I stated that I did not propose to
denounce the Tories of the Revolution, although
monarchists, because they were honest in the
avowal of their sentiments. And although be-
lieving that monarchy was the best form of
government Mr. Hamilton at last advocated
the adoption of the Constitution of the United
Slates in the hope of making it a stepping-
stone to monarchy. His views and purposes
are explained in a letter from Gouverneur Mor-
ris, his confidential friend, to Robert Walsh,
dated February 5, 1811, an extract from which
I will read. It is as follows :
"General Hamilton had little share in forming the
Constitution. He disliked it, believing all repub-
lican government to be radically defective." *
■ \ "Ho heartily assented, nevertheless, to the
Constitution because he consideiedit a band which
nuglit hold us together for some time, and he knew
that national sentiment is the offspring of national
existence.
^ Now, mark you, sir—and here we have
disclosed the secret spring which moves our
modern monarchists who enact their schemes
under the garb of republicanism:
"Ho trusted, moreover,(says Morris,) that in the
(Manges and chances of time we should be involved
m some war which might strengthen our union and
nerve the .Executive."
Gentlemen may feel surprised that I should
go back to Alexander Hamilton. You will
disclaim doubtless that you are his followers;
but I would ask in whose steps have you fol-
lowed in your funding of the national debt?
in the steps of Alexander Hamilton. Where
did you learn your ideas of a high protective
tariff? In the reports of Alexander Hamilton.
Where did you get your notions of national
banks ? In the national bank system of Alex-
ander Hamilton; and you ought to blush with
shame when you disown the greatest man who
ever adorned the annals of your party.
Well, sir, I comedown now from Alexander
Hamilton to the real leader of the Republican
party at the present day, and not only the
leader of the Republican party, but one who
did more than any other one man to bring
about the great convulsions which have nearly
resulted in the overthrow of our institutions.
I mean Wendell Phillips. And I propose to
show how completely this House and this Con-
gress follow in his footsteps and obey his man-
dates as it used to obey those of Thaddeus
Stevens.
The unfortunate division of the Democratic
party in 1860 reinstalled the monarchists in
power, this time under the assumed name of
Republicans, although there was a popular
majority of one million votes against Mr. Lin-
coln when he was declared President; for the
combined vote of Douglas and Breckinridge,
the two Democratic candidates, was nearly
one million greater than the vote for Lincoln.
No sooner had the minority assumed control
of the Government than they prepared to pre-
cipitate the country into war, and the extreme
men of the South became the ready instruments
to carry out their purpose.
And here, sir, 1 declare that which will be
the judgment of history, had either Douglas
or Breckinridge or Bell been elected there
would have been no war. In 1831-32 the fires
of nullification burned as fiercely in South Car-
olina as did the fires of secession in 1801, and
had the monarchists been in power then there
would have been war at that time. But the Dem-
ocrats were in power, and patriotic statesman-
ship prevented a fratricidal war. Again, in
1835 the States of Ohio and Michigan were on
the eve of armed collision ; the troops of each
State were actually in the field, ana the bone
of contention was a valuable territory claimed
by each. At one time war seemed inevitable,
but again Democratic statesmanship adjusted
the difficulty, and a settlement was effected alike
honorable and satisfactory to each State.
The democratic principle of government is
reason, while the monarchical idea is force;
and thinking men have observed that the basis
of every reconstruction measure is force—the
power of the bayonet.
I feel bound in candor to say, sir, that in
the charges I have brought and am about to
urge against those who have usurped leader-
ship over what is called the Republican party
I do not include the thousands of honest and
patriotic men who have mistakenly acted with
that organization.
But 1 charge that there is a conspiracy in our
country to breakdown our free institutions and
adopt a government similar to that of Greai
Britain. I charge this: that there is a purpose
to rob the Executive of his constitutional pow-
ers. I charge this: that there is a conspiracy
to rob the Supreme Court of the United States
of its rightful authority, and to confer upon this
House and the Senate judicial powers ; thus
concentrating in Congress executive, legisla-
tive, and judicial powers. I charge this: that
the action of this Congress is revolutionary ; I
charge this: that it sets at defiance the Consti-
tution of the United States as the Long Parlia-
ment set at defiance the English constitution,
and as the Assembly of France usurped all the
powers of Government. And it does all this
under the leadership of Mr. Wendell Phillips.
In speaking of the British Government, in
his speeeh delivered in Faneuil Hall just, before
thelast presidential election, Mr. WendellPhil-
lips said—and I read from high Republican
authority, the Boston Commonwealth—
j? most elastic, convenient, prompt, and
ready (rovernment in the world, and when I look at
it I seem to see grave reasons why we may in time
abolish the office of President."
Again he said:
"Give me the English system; give mo a rule, a
principle underlying and running through all our
acts, and you may get into your chaise and drive
across the continent and find nothing but civilization
around you."
That was immediately before the last presi-
dential election; and I will now read his last
order to Congress, which is being obeyed to the
letter. In the course of an article in which he
tells Congress what to do—and it is being faith-
fully done—he says :
"All good governments grow, they are not made.
Ours was started in the best form our fathers could
devise. Since then it has grown. Many parts of tho
machinery never imagined bythe fathers have been
added on the pressure of necessity."
And again:
'' The Government is growing. Necessity will lick
it into shape, into good working order after awhile.
One of the changes will probably be a verging
toward the English model. Wo shall not submit
many years to keep a traitor in the White House
four years after we discover his treason. Having
found that while narrow lawyers and vonal adven-
turers wriggle their way into the Senate, impeach-
ment is an impossibility, \vc shall set our wits to
invent some other remedy. Vcry likely the one we
shall select will bo to keep our real Executive in the
Capitol and leave only the national dinner-giver and
levee-holder in the White House."
And to show what he means by an "Execu-
tive" I will read one line further from his
speech prior to -the presidential election, in
which he says, when speaking of G eneral Grant:
"We have tho right, and more than that we are
bound to know tlie opinion and the purpose of the
man whom wo mako king for four years."
Sir, we have been quietly looking on at this
transformation, this revolution of our Govern-
ment from a republic to a monarchy almost
without protest. Duriug the past few years
we have been closely copying British titles.
From the foundation of the Government down
to recent years we had no rank higher than post
captain in our Navy, and such was the title
of Bainbridge, and tiawrence, and Perry, and
Decatur; but these "Republicans" have cre-
ated the aristocratic title of admiral. And not
satisfied with the title borne by Washington in
the Revolution, not satisfied with the title con-
ferred upon Winfield Scott after the Mexican
war, still borrowing English titles they created
the title of "general." And, sir, you have only
to go one step further, and that yovi will soon
be prepared to do as your revolution marches
onward, and create dukes, and counts, and
lords, and lackies following at their heels.
Sir, you have exhausted four years of war
and five years of peace—nine years in all—in
pretended attempts to restore this Union. A
generous people in time of war gave you their
unlimited confidence, but to-day the nation is
sick at heart; men have grown weary with this
tampering with the Constitution, with this inva-
sion of the rights of the States, with these re-
peated outrages upon civil liberty ; and I warn
gentlemen on the other side that when the Forty-
Second Congress shall assemble and the House
meet in this Hall there will be more seats
vacant on the other side than there are even
to-night; and when the word goes forth that the
seats in this Hall are filled once more by men
who respect and obey the Constitution the
event will be commemorated by bonfires and
illuminations, and a prayer of thankfulness
will arise from the heart of the nation to the
throne of Almighty God ! Sir, it is time we
should pause in this mad and wicked career.
What are we doing here to-night ? What means
the bill introduced into this body to-day ? What
