1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1973
hereafter be erected in the United States. ButI
regret exceedingly that he has permitted the
various appropriations for his own section of
the country to pass without offering any such
amendment, and that he only deems it proper
to apply this restriction to the city of New-
York with reference to our post office and
court-house.
Mr. COBURN. I embraced in my remarks
buildings in my own section of the country.
Besides, the buildings in New York, Boston,
and San Francisco are not begun.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, the building in
New York has not only been begun, but a very
large sum of money has already been expended
upon it; and we have now on our desks esti-
mates of the architect showing to a dollar what
will be the cost of completing the building.
Instead of the expense reaching five or six or
seven millions the case stands precisely thus:
we originally appropriated $500,000 for the
site ; for a piece of ground worth $2,000,000
was given by the city of New York to the General
Government for this purpose for the paltry sum
of $500,000. The site was thus acquired. Since
that there has been appropriated for the build-
ing $473,422 79; $334,000 has already been
expended for the foundation and for the erec-
tion of portions of the first story of the build-
ing. The entire estimate of the whole amount,
required for the completion of the building,
which is one of the largest and finest buildings
in the United States belonging to the General
Government, and which is designed to afford
accommodationsforthecourt-house,post office,
and all the governmental offices in the city of
New York, is $3,864,000. Now, I submit if
the proposition of the gentleman from Indiana
is to be carried out then all the moneys so far
expended upon this building will be virtually
lost.
Mr. WELKER. And it will involve the
expense of getting up another plan and the
expense of changing the whole of the present
plan of the building.
Mr. WOOD. It will not only involve the
expense of getting up another plan, but it will
also interfere with the contracts already made
for marble and iron and for every other^mate-
rial needed in the construction of this building.
Mr. Chairman, I submit that the amendment
is not pertinent to the bill, as it provides for
new legislation and the rules declare that 110
new legislation shall be added to the appro-
priation bills. In the next place, the proposi-
tion is utterly impracticable as applied to this
building; and in the third place, to pass such
an amendment would be ruinous so far as con-
cerns the large amount of money which has
already been expended by the Government on
this building.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. By what authority
are contracts made in excess of the appropria-
tions made by Congress?
Mr. RANDALL. Contracts so made are in
direct violation of the law.
Mr. WOOD. I will answer the gentleman from
Illinois. He knows very well that it has been
tf.e practice of the Government to appropriate
somethingby which to commence public works.
He knows very well tha,t we never appropriate
tli e requisite sum to go on and complete any
public building.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by striking
out the words "no part of" and inserting
"no more than;" so it will read " no more
than $300,000 shall be," &c.
Mr. Chairman, I do this for the purpose of
seeing that I agree with the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Cobton] in the object he has m
view in offering the amendment now before the
committee } but I will stateto^ hini that the
very purpose of the appropriation her© is to
prevent the disastrous consequences and loss
to the Government by the immediate stoppage
of this work, and if no part be applied to the
continuance of the work until after the plan and
cost shall be fixed, then no part of the work
can be prosecuted after this week or nextweek
until two months from this time.
Mr. COBURN. What is the unexpended
balance ?
Mr. DAWES. They are now entirely out of
funds. They asked $1,000,000 for this appro-
priation. The committee were willing to ap-
propriate so much as would continue the work
to a point that would not render it impossible
to change the plan. They were of opinion,
after consultation with the architect of the
building and those having charge of the'mat-
ter, that this $300,000 could be expended
without going so far in the work as to prevent
any change in the plan that might be desired.
They were not willing to appropriate $1,000,-
000 without having the plans fixed and sub-
mitted to Congress or to the committee that
recommends the appropriation.
The idea of building a post office in New
York at a cost of four or five million dollars
and another one in Boston costing $3,000,000
is not an idea that the Committee on Appro-
priations propose in any way whatever to sanc-
tion. They propose to recommend an appro-
priation for building the post office in New
York and for the one at Boston, so that all the
necessities of the Government in regard to
those buildings shall be met. The committee
intend that the New York post office shall be
large enough and convenient enough and sub-
stantial enough, but as to expending that
enormous sum of money, or any part of it, for
useless ornamentation on either of these build-
ings, they do not feel as if they were justified
1 n appropriating one dollar for any such purpose.
They understand and appreciate the feeling
of the city of New York, if that building is to
be in the path, that it shall be an elegant struc-
ture ; hut they do not feel as if the tax-payers
of the country should be called upon to con-
tribute one dollar toward any extra elegance or
ornamentation to be put upon that building.
They want such a building as will contribute to
the convenience of the people of that great
metropolis, and such as will answer any pur-
pose to which the Government may wish to put
it. They are not disposed to oppose any rea-
sonable proposition to secure that end; but
beyond that they are not willing to go. There-
fore if this $400,000 is appropriated to carry
out the work, before the Committee on Appro-
priations will recommend one dollar more for
expenditure on that post office there willbea
plan in accordance with the views I have indi-
cated in these remarks, or else the House may
make the appropriation over the Committee on
Appropriations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. While I
agree in the object the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Coburn] has in view, to have an ex-
act limit put by law to all appropriations, he
will allow me to say that the proposition he
offers by no means provides the way in which
such a desirable object can be attained. In
making this remark I base it on the actual sta-
tistics of the buildings which have been erected
by this Government. I go back to what has
been called on the other side of the House the
better time of this Government.
On the 31st of March,1835, we appropriated
$50,000 to build a custom-house at Boston.
We limited the amount to that and required
the plans to be presented. We put the work
under a commission. We were not satisfied
that the architects should superintend it, but
we put it under a commission consisting of the
Governor of the State and two other respect-
able gentlemen. We further put in a provis-
ion that it should not take more than two
years to build it. Yet it took thirteen years to
build it, and the cost was $1,064,346 76.
Again, we undertook a custom-house at Cin-
cinnati, and we limited the cost to $75,000,
and provided that it should be built within two
years. It cost $292,197 23, and it took seven
years to build it. That was under a commis-
sion also.
Then in Louisville, Kentucky, we gave
$75,000 for a custom-house.' ft took six
years to build it, and cost $262,000. In this,
as in all the other cases which I am mentioning
to the committee, the cost was limited by law.
Again, at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, we appro-
priated $96,800 for a custom-house, the cost
of which was not to exceed that amount. The
estimate was so exact that it came down to the
hundreds of dollars. Yet it cost $173,979,
and took six years to build.
Again, we gave Mobile, Alabama, $100,000
for a custom-house, and put the work under a
commission. It took ten years to build, and
cost $394,659.
In Richmond, Virginia, we gave $100,000
for a custom-house, and it cost $255,404, and
took seven years to build.
Again, we appropriated for the building in
New York which is now the sub-Treasury,
$200,000. We appropriated that amount with-
out limit. The building cost $1,058,846, and
took fourteen years to build.
For Charleston, South Carolina, we made an
appropriation of $30,000, of which $500 was
for plans, so that everything might be exactly
right. That was put up under a commission,
and it cost $2,069,198, and took eleven years
to build.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What building was
that?
Mi-. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The cus-
tom-house at Charleston, South Carolina, and
it is not finished yet.
In New Orleans, in the year 1845, we gave
$100,000 to build a custom-house, and up to
the breaking out of the rebellion $2,929,264
had been spent. Thirteen year's were spent in
building it, and it had not got a roof on when
I first saw it in 1862.
These are examples of what is obtained by
limiting the cost of public buildings, and by
having them erected under commissions.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
will allow me, I would say that the Charleston
custom-house was built, not under commis-
sion, but under contracts. The contract for
the granite was the same in terms as that fQr
furnishing the granite for the New York post
office. And by a singular coincidence the con-
tracts were given to the same party.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts,. I beg to
say again that the Charleston custom-house
was built under a commission, as the gentle-
man will find by referring to the Statutes-at-
Large, volume nine, page 164.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have a book here
which shows exactly how it was.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well,
read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
desire me to read?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not in
my time, which is almost exhausted. Sum-
ming up the results in the cases I have men-
tioned to the committee, I find that for ten
buildings the appropriations were $918,500,
the cost being limited by law to the appropria-
tion, except in three instances, and the actual
cost was $8,626,347.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise for the pur-
pose of moving to amend the amendment —
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order. The question is on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the amendment;
and I wish to say to the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Parks-worth] that the question is
not as to erecting the buildings by a commis-
sion. That question, although my colleague
[Mr. Butler] was debating it, is. not belor
the committee. , .
Mr. BENJAMIN. I renew toe amendment.
I hope the amendment of the gentleran from
Indiana TMr. Cobubx] will prevail, for the
reasons which I will state. . The figures exhib-
ited to the committee by th? gentleman from
