2918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
The committee then rose ; and Mr. Cessna
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Wheeler reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union having,
according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 1068, to amend existing laws relating
to the duty on imports, and for other purposes,
and finding itself without a quorum, he had,
under the rule, caused the roll to be called,
and now reported the names of the absentees
to the House in order that they may be entered
upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A quorum
having answered to their names, the only thing
in order is for the committee to resume its ses-
sion.
Mr. RANDALL. A quorum having been
obtained, I should like to know whether there
is anything in the rules by which we can retain
it in the Hall?
The committee then resumed its session,
Mr. Wheeler in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers will please
resume their places.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will it be in
order to move that the list of absentees be
printed?
The CHAIRMAN. Such a motion would not
be in order in Committee of the Whole. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey]
appointed as one of the tellers not being in
the Hall, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Ferriss] will please take his place as teller
along with Mr. Potter.
The committee again divided on Mr. Pot-
ter's amendment; and the tellers reported—
ayes 62, noes 69.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison,] which the Clerk will again
report.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line three hundred and twenty-eight strike oat
the words "1 cent per pound," and insert in lieu
thereof tbe words " $18 per tonso that the para-
graph will read:
On all iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other forms,
legs finished than bars and more advanced than pig
iron, except castings, $18 per ton.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " $18" and insert-
ing " $17 ;" and on that I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chairman
appointed Mr. Gbiswold and Mr. Scofield.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 64, noes 71.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Allison's
amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chairman
appointed Mr. Allison and Mr. Kelley.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes 59.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Randall's
substitute for the substitute offered by Mr.
Holman to the pending paragraph as amended.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask leave to amend the
first proposition in the substitute I have offered
by striking out 1 cent per pound and insert-
ing $18 per ton, which will make it in accord-
ance with the judgment already expressed by
the House.
There was no objection;
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will again
report the substitutes now pending.
The Clerk read Mr. Holman's substitute, as
follows:
Strike out the entire paragraph and insert the fol-
lowing:
On all iron in slabs, bloom3, loops, or other forms,
less finished than bars and more advanced than pig
iron, except castings, $15 per ton: and on all ends,
clippings, and pnnchings of new iron, 110 per ton.
The Clerk also read Mr. Randall's substi-
tute, as follows:
Strike put the substitute and insert the following:
On all iron in slabs, blooms, loops, and other forms
less finished than bars and more advanced than pig
iron, except castings, $18 per ton; and all ends, clip-
pings, and punchings of new iron, one half cent per
pound.
The question was on agreeing to the substi-
tute offered by Mr. Randall.
Mr. CONGER. If in order, I call for a
division of the question.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion to strike out
and insert is not divisible.
The substitute offered by Mr. Randall was
not agreed to.
The question recurred on the substitute
offered by Mr. Holman.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say a word or
two in behalf of the proposition I have sub-
mitted to the committee before the vote is
taken. The proposition now before the House
is substantially the same as the law of 1861
with regard to this form of iron. Under the
tariff of 1842, which was regarded at the time
as a very high protective tariff, the duty on
iron in this form was $17 per ton. By the
tariff of 1846, which was a revenue measure,
it was 30 per cent. Under the tariff of 1857
the duty was 24 per cent.; and by the tariff
of 1861, apparently a protective tariff—not a
tariff looking to revenue only, but announced
to this House at the time it was considered, and
to the country, as a measure of protection to
American industry—the duty on iron in this
form was put at $15 per ton. And as I under-
stand the tariff act of 1861 the duty on "clip-
pings" of new iron, on which it is proposed
now by this substitute to impose a duty of $10
per ton, was fixed at about the same rate.
The effect of this proposition, then, taken as
a whole, is to impose on iron in these two
forms the same duty that was imposed by the
avowedly protective policy of 1861.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that if public senti-
ment has been clearly defined on any one sub-
ject in connection with the tariff, it is so
defined in regard to the proposition that the
duty on iron shall be decreased, and a tariff as
here proposed, of $5 per ton on simple pig iron,
almost in the natural condition of the ore and
of $15 on the class of iron advanced in the
progress of its manufacture, is a tariff as high as
those interests notconcerned in the manufacture
of iron ought to be compelled to submit to.
The agricultural interest of this country espe-
cially hasbeen persistently demanding a reduc-
tion of the tariff at least to the standard of what
it was under the protective policy of 1861, when
the influences commenced which now to a large
extent control our legislation.
If this measure is to receive the public ap-
proval the reduction should be at least to this
extent. The country does not certainly under-
stand that we are proposing to increase the
tariff, but the demand hasbeen for a reduction
of the tariff. The President of the United States,
adopting the suggestion of the majority of the
committee appointed by the House to inquire
into the causes of the decline of our commerce,
urges upon us a remission of duties to relieve
certain branches of our industry connected
with our commerce ; and yet, in spite of the
slight reduction upon pig iron, there is an
increase proposed on other fornjs of iron.
Mr. WOODWARD. I want to know on
what authority the gentleman asserts that the
agricultural interests of this country require a
reduction of the duties on iron?
Mr. HOLMAN. I judge so from several
considerations. I know that the States of the
Northwest are demanding such a reduction.
The demand for sach a reduction is indicated
by every expression of public sentiment, by
the voice of their Representatives upon this
floor, and by the tone of the public press. I
refer not only to the Democratic papers of the
Northwest, but to the leading Republican
journals of that section. The Chicago Trib-
une, the St. Louis (Missouri) Democrat, the
Cincinnati Commercial, and the Cincinnati
Gazette, four papers which more than any
Others represent th? public sentiment of the
Republicans of the Northwest, have persist-
ently demanded a reduction of the tariff down
to the revenue standard, and protested against
the policy of protection.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
oppose the amendment. I do not desire to
discuss the general policy of the Government
upon this question, but only to call attention
to the articles enumerated in this section, which
are blooms, slabs, and loops, and other forms
of iron, including ends, clippings, and puueh-
ings. I presume, from the fact that most of
the gentlemen who have discussed this ques-
tion have not alluded to it, that gentlemen are
not generally aware that these forms of iron are
probably the most valuable that are imported.
They are generally made up of charcoal blooms
and slabs forged in Sweden and Norway, and
brought here in a form convenient to be made
into the most valuable descriptions of iron and
steel, and as a general thing are more val-
uable than bars and rods and those other
classes of iron which are provided for in this
bill at a higher rate. If iron of inferior qual-
ity was likely to be imported in this shape it
might be well to reduce the rate of duty; but
considering the fact that these are the most
valuable forms of iron likely to be imported I
think if the committee have auy regard to the
question of revenue or protection they will
retain the rate reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means. That is all I desire to say.
The question was put on Mr. Holman's
amendment; and there were—ayes 33, noes 72;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman,
and Mr. Morrell of Pennsylvania, were
appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 41, noes 84.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to close debate upon this paragraph.
Mr. RANDALL. Before that is done I wish
to offer an amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, according to
the order of the House, had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
the consideration of the special order all de-
bate on the pending paragraph be closed in
half a minute after the consideration of the
same shall have been again resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole upon tbe special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of tbe Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate on the pending paragraph will close
in half a minute.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now move to strike out
the entire paragraph as amended. I suppose
there will no quarrel about that.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to move to amend
this bill by striking out tbe pending paragraph
