4808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
Mr. FOWLER. What is the resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. In regard to
Cuba.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not know what the
resolutions are.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They were re-
ported yesterday at length.
Mr. SUMNER. They are on Senator's
tables in the amendment reported by the Coni-
rjiittee on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the joint resolution is before the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I yield now for morning
business.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1013) to establish a transatlantic postal tel-
egraphic service by an American cable; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1014) to abolish the tribal relations of the
Miami tribe of Indians, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. GILBERT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1015) authorizing the extension of tele-
graphic communication between the United
States, the Spanish and British possessions,
Mexico, and Central America; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 228) authorizing the Vernon
Shell Road Company, of Georgia, Lo import
free of duty an English traction-engine; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave lo introduce a bill (S.
No. 1010) to provide for additional ^present-
ation in the Forty-Second Congress; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
Mr. PRATT. I should like to have the
unanimous consent of the Senate to take up a
bill giving a widow a pension. It has been on
the files for some time, and originated in the
Senate. The bill is S. No. 022, to grant a
pension to Mary E. Ammons.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
pardon mo if I ask that we vote on the reso-
lution before he presses that.
Air. CONKLING. That is not morning
business.
Mr. PRATT. I would cheerfully do it under
ordinary circumstances : but there are several
bills for the relief of widows 
Mr. SUMNER. I understand; butitisvery
important that we should act on this resolution
at once. There is a full Senate now, and let
it be acted on at once,
Mr. PRATT. Very well: I suppose I can-
not interpose a motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
called np on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts is before the Senate ; but he has
consented to waive it for the present, to allow
morning business to be received.
Mr. SUMNER. Now 1 ask for a vote on
the resolution which the Senate has agreed lo
take up.
CUBAN AFFAIRS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution (II. It. No. 320) in relation to the con-
test between the people of Cuba and the Gov-
ernment of Spain is now before the Senate as
in Committee of ihe Whole; and the question
is on the amendment, repotted by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, which will be read.
The amendment waa read, being to strike
out all of the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives after the resolving clause, in the
following words:
That the President is hereby authorized to remon-
strate against the barbarous manner in which the
war in Cuba lias been conducted. and, if ho shall
(1 nemit expedient, to solicit lhceoopera,tionof other
Govern men Es h) such measures asheinay deem neces-
sary to secure from both contending; parlies an ob-
servance of the laws of war recognized by all civilized
nations.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
That (lie people of the United States cannot hear
wilh indifference the reports of barbarous outrage
which roach them constantly from the neighboiing
island of Cuba; that they protest against the repeti-
tion otVuoli acts, whether by the-Spanish Government
or by insurgents seeking independence; that t.liey
denounce with indignation tho shooting of captives
taken with avuw in their hands as a violation of tho
iivst principles of civilization, and contraiy to tho
precedent happily established on the North Ameri-
can continent; and in tho nauio of humanity they
solemnly insist that the--o things shall eca.se.
Sue. '2. And be it further icxolved, That the peo-
ple of the United States are pained to hear that tho
pretension of property in man is still upheld in the
island colonics of Spain, lying in American waters;
that human beings endowed by nature with tho right
to life, liberty, und tho pursuit of happiness, are
there held as slaves, despoiled of all rights, and that
instead of terminating (his pretension at. once, the
Spanish Government pioposos to protract it for a,n
indefinite period by an impossible system of gradu-
alism; tliatsueh a spectacle is justly offensive to all
who love republican institutions, of which liberty
and e<iuali!y arc cardiniil principles, and especially
to the people of the United States, who now, in tho
mono of justice and lor the sake of good neighbor-
hood,ask that slavciy shall cease at once m these
colonies.
Sec. it. And be it further resolved, Tha t the United
States, being once colonies, achieved independence
ns a nation by successful resistance to tho European
Power claiming to govern them, and their example
was followed aflenvard by the Spanish colonies on
the American continent, all of whichhavc achieved
independence likewise; that already the same aspi-
ration for independence begins to stir in the neigh-
boring colonies of Great iintam; !ba.t (hesi in-
stances, in haimony with the spirit of tilo ago, teach
that, the day ot European colonics in this hemisphere
has passed; that, impressed by this conviction, tho
people of the United States legiet to witness the
oxtraordmaiy efforts of tile Spanish (loverninont,
by Violence and blood, to maintain ar. unnatural
juiisdictiou in Cuba,, forbidden by the great law of
human progiess, and hostile to the best intorests
of both parties.
Sice. 4, Awl be it further resolved. That the peoplo
of t,he United States deelaie syuipathy with their
fellow-Americans in Cuba struggling for independ-
ence, and at (ho same time sympathy with tho people
of Spain in their present efforts lor liberal institu-
tions in their own aneicnt land ; and they call upon
this people, as a first stage in reform at home, and
for the sake of peace, to recognizo at onco the right
ot tho Cubansto govern themselves; that they make
this appeal with sincere good will to tho people of
Spain, and with tho assurance that the justice they
do to others will redound to their own national wel-
fare and renown.
Sk<j. 5. And beit further resolved, ThntthePrcsident
of the Unileil Slates is charged with the duty of
communicating these resolutions to thcGovernment
of Spain.
Mr. STEWART. It seems to me that the
language of the fifth section of the amendment
reported by the committee is a little unusual.
I do not know that it is so, but I wish to call
the attention of tho chairman of the commit-
tee to it. It reads :
Thai, thoFrcsiclent of the United States is charged
with the duty of communicating these resolutions to
tho Government of Spain.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will under-
stand that the President himself signs this res-
olution, and there would seem to be an incon-
sistency in the President requesting himself.
That distinction was considered some years
ago in reference to other resolutions of a sim-
ilar character.
Dilr. STEWART. I simply want it in the
usual form.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not like to criticise
the language of so distinguished a gentleman
as the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations; but here is a word in the second
section which I believe is not an English word.
I refer to the word "gradualism."
Mr. SUMNER. Is there any other word
that expresses the idea?
Mr. SAWYER, ! suggest that instead of
the phrase *'by an impossible system of grad-
ualism," we had better use the words " by an
impracticable system of gradual emancipa-
tion." It seems to me that expresses the same
idea and has the advantage of using the English
language.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I will agree to
that.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer.]
Mr. MORTON. I desire to suggest a verbal
criticism to the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations. The resolution speaks in
the first section of the "shootingof captives
taken with arms in their hands." I would sug-
gest the use of the word "execution" instead
of " shooting." They shoot part of the prison-
ers, and part they garrote, and some they hang.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that amendment be
made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. THAYER. I prefer the use of the word
"gradualism," although I will make no issue
about it. The Senator from South Carolina
says there is no such word. Sir, we are living
in a progressive age, and we can make words.
TheViCE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Indiana now moves to amend the amendment
by striking out, in line fourteen of the first sec-
tion, the word " shooting" and inserting " exe-
cution."
Mr. SUMNER. That is right.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I dissent
from the general principle of these resolutions
throughout. In the first place, I think they
are entirely an accusation of one party, when
perhaps the other party is as much involved in
the irregularities complained of.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It speaks of the conduct
of both.
Mr. FOWLER. I understood it to refer to
the conduct of Spain.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish merely to make a
verbal change in the fourth line of the third
section; lo strike out the word "afterward"
after the word "followed," which is unneces-
sary there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theword "after-
ward" in that place will bo stricken out if
there be no objection. The Chair hears no
objection, and that, correction will be made.
Mr. THUIIMAN. With all respect to the
committee who reported on this resolution, I
cannot help expressing both surprise and re-
gret at the substitute which is offered for the
House resolution; and I cannot help feeling
some surprise at the House resolution itself;
but in respect to this substitute, it does seem
to me to be the most singular production I
have ever been called upon to examine. Why,
sir, what is it, and what good is to come of it?
Does it confer one single right upon, or as-
sert one single right of, the Cuban patriots, as
they are called, the insurgents? Does it reach
out our hand to them in any one single par-
ticular in winch we will benefit them by doing
so? Does it. give them any belligerent rights?
Does it effectually protect them'm the strug-
gle they are making for independence ? D>>es
it render them one single practical aid that
can be conceived? To me it seems not. I
never have seen anythingin the world to which
the common expression, vox etprcetcrea nihil,
might be more properly applied than to this
substitute lor the House resolution. I say so
with all respect to the committee that reported
it, Here is a great deal of grandiloquence, if
