3862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
little remains of American shipping from the
ocean.
We discriminate against the American ship-
builder by refusing him the free material for
his ship, while at the same time we allow the
foreign ship-builder to work up these same ma-
terials with foreign labor, in a foreign country,
and bring his ship here to enter into competition
with the American ship for business free of duty.
We allow the foreign ship to bring in her stores
free; we oblige the American ship to pay a duty
on such stores. Every gentleman who votes
against this bill votes to discriminate to that
extent against American labor. The gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] asked why the plow
of the farmer of Iowa or the farmer of Illinois
should not come in duty free. I say if you were
to allow the English plowman to sit down beside
the American farmer, using the English plow,
admitted free of duty, then you should allow
the American farmer to get his plow free of
duty also. What would theAmericanfarmersay
if under such circumstances we refused to him
the privilege we accorded to the Englishman?
There is no analogy whatever between the two
cases. No case can be cited among the great
interests of the country between which and
this of the American ship-builder there is any
analogy; none where such gross and persistent
injustice is inflicted upon any other American
interest or any other class of American citi-
zens.
Mr. Speaker, I now call the previous ques-
tion.
_ Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me before calling the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. LYNCH. 1 do not yield.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to lay the bill on
the table; and on that motion 1 demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 59, nays 101, not voting
GO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Amblor, Asper, Bcatty,
BecK, J3ird, Blair, Boles, Buroliard, Sidney Clarke,
Cobuni, Cook, Orobs.Cullom, Degenei, Dixon, Duval,
Dyer. iMunago, Garlield, Msildeman, Hawkins, Ilmv-
lcy, Hay, Xngorsoll. Kerr, Knott, Lawrence, Lewis,
ljogau, Muraliull, MeNooly, Jesse II. Mooro, Mor-
gan, Morphis, Nowsliara, NiblacU, Orth, Packard,
Pommy, Randall, Rioe, Rogers, Roots, Sehenek,
bhanks, William J. Smith, William Smyth, Steven-
son, btiles, Triinblp, Tyner, Upson, Welker, Wliit-
moro, Williams, JohnT. Wilson, Wiuaris, and Witeli-
ur—59.
NAYS—Messrs.Ames.Archer, Armstrong, Arnell,
Atwood, Axtel 1, Bailey, Banks, Barnuin, Barry, Ben-
ton, Biggs, Bingham, Booker, Bowon, George M.
Brook?, James Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdctt,
itoclenok Ii. Butlor, Oake, Calkin, Cessna, Cleve-
land* Clinton L. Cobb, Oongor, Covode, Covvles.Cox,
I)avis, Dawes, Dockery, Donley, Jflla, Farnsworth,
Jcrriss, Intch, J<'ox, tfctz, Griswold, Haiglit, llalo,
Hamilton, Harris, iliii. Hoar, Holman, ilotchkiss,
Jonn.son, Aloxander 11. Jones, Judd. Kolley,Kellogg,
Kcisoy, Ketohnm, knap]), Lailin, Lynch, Mayhain,
Maynard. MeCniry, Mctncw, McKec, McKcnzic,
Mcrcur, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Morris-
sey, Myers, Ncffloy, O'Neill, Packer, Pock, Peters,
1 helps, Poland, Potter, Prosser, Reeves, Sargent,
gawyer, felocum, John A. Smith. Joseph S. Smith,
b tarkw oather, S tc vens, Stone, Strong:, Taffe, Tanner,
i ay lor, iillman, Towrtsend, Twicbeil, Ward, Wil-
Jiarn B. Washburn, Wheeler, Willard, and Wood-
ward—101.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ayor, Beaman,
L uyamin. Bcrmett, Boyd, Buck. Burr, Benjamin i\
ButJor, Church ill, yV i I h am T. Clark, Arnasa Cobb,
Connor, i)ictfey. Dickinson, Dox, Ferry, Pinkeln-
burg, Juslior, ttibson, (rilfijlan, llambloton, liamill,
ll.iys, ileaton, Ileiiin, lloge, Hooper, Jcnckcs,
1 homos L Jones, Julian, Lash, Loughridge, Mc-
Carthy iloCormiok, Milnes. Eliakim II. lloore,
b-iuiuel X. Morrill, Mungen, Paine, Palmer, Perce,
Piatt, 1 orter, Ridgway, Siimord, Sohumaker, Sco-
fiek , Lionel A. Sheldon Porter Sheldon, Sherrod.
bnober. Wortlungton C. Smith, Stokes, Stou^hton,
btr.wler, btiiickbuid, bwann, Sweenoy, Van Auken
V all Horn \ an irump Van Wyek, Voorheea, Cad-
wi ader G Washourn,^ el s, Wilkinson,Eugene M.
wilson, Winchester, and Wood—69.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. FINKELNBUBGr said: I am paired
upon this question with Mr. Buck. If he were
present he would vote "no," and I would
vote "ay."
- Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I am paired
upon this question with my colleague, Mr.
Washbxjrn. - He would have voted against this
motion, and I for it.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
The hour of five o'clock, the time fixed by
the order of the House for adjournment, hav-
ing arrived while the call of the yeas and nays
was being made, upon the announcement of
the result,
The SPEAKER (at five o'clock and eight
minutes p. m.) declared the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS : The memorial of Y. C. S.
Eckert and John T. Schley, gaugers in the
custom-house, Baltimore, for increase of pay.
Also, the claim of John Somers Smith, for
services while commercial agent of the United
States at San Domingo.
By Mr. BOYD: A petition of citizens of the
fourth congressional district of Missouri, pray-
ing for a mail route from Peirce City to Wash-
burn Prairie, via Corsicana.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Otis Seabury, president of New Bedford Pro-
peller Company, and 34 others, citizens of New
Bedford, Massachusetts, praying that an appro-
priation be made by Congress to place some
effectual safeguard and signal of warning on
liSiC6 rock
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: A petition of a
large number of tobacco manufacturers of
Chicago, Illinois, against an increase of tax,
and in favor of a uniform rate of sixteen cents
per pound.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of Alexander
Walker and W. Gr. Winstead, citizens of Per-
son county, North Carolina, for removal of
political disabilities.
By Mr. NEWSHAM: A memorial praying
for the establishment of a post route from New
Orleans, Louisiana, to Shrevcport, Louisiana,
via Red river.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of Dr.
J. H. Haynes and 27 others, citizens of Perry
county, Indiana, praying that the tariff duties
may be removed from tea and coffee and
reduced on sugar.
By Mr. RICE : The petition of R. P. Whitt,
of Elliot county, Kentucky, asking to have
his political disabilities removed.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Eph-
raiin W. Davis, late private fifty-fifth Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, asking Congress to authorize
payment of back pension.
Also,t the petition of George W. Paris, late
of twelfth Ohio volunteers, asking Congress to
grant a pension for the loss of an arm in the
service of the Government.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of John
A. Jackson, of Pulaski, Tennessee, praying
pay for cotton.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
, Friday, May 21, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
christiana ae1iel.
Mr. CESSNA. I call up the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the bill (H. E. No.
C16) granting a pension to Christiana Armel
was laid on the table. The bill was reported
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions before
all the evidence was in. I then entered the
motion to reconsider, and I ask that the motion
be reconsidered, and that the bill be recom-
mitted with the additional evidence.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the bill was then recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
laws of idaho.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on the Territo-
ries and put upon its passage the bill (H. ii.
No. 1803) to disapprove of certain acts of th.j
Legislative Assembly of Idaho Territory, and
for other purposes. I understand that tliegen-
tleman who objected to the bill the other day
has withdrawn his objection.
The bill was read. The first section disap-
proves and annuls so much of the revenue laws
passed by the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of Idaho January 13, 1869, as provides
for special license or tax to be collected of and
paid by Chinamen or persons of the Mongolian
race who may be engaged in mining or hold
mining claims in said Territory, and so much
of the laws of said Territory as discrimirf&te
between persons of said race and other persons
in regard to taxation. The second section dis-
approves and annuls the act passed by the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Idaho
January 15,1809, creating the office of district
attorney for each county in this Territory, and
defining their duties and providing for their
compensation. The third section disapproves
and anuuls all acts and parts of acts heretofore
passed by the Legislative Assembly of Idaho
to provide for the payment of salaries or extra
compensation out of the territorial treasury
to officers holding commissions by Federal
appointment in said Territory.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not see
any member from the Pacific coast here but
one, and I wish the gentleman would not press
this bill now.
Mr. CULLOM. I will say to the gentleman
from New York that the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Johxson] who objected to the
bill has no further objection to it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If that is so
I will not object.
fhe bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was'
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF business.
Mr. ORTH. I call for the regular order of
business.
Sir. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman to withdraw that call for the pres-
ent until I can make a report from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, which I have been
instructed to make since the I3tk of December
last-
Mr. OR1H. I have half a dozen bills from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs to report
this morning, and this is our morning hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well, the
morning hour has not yet commenced.
election contest—wallace vs. simpson.
Mr. CESSNA. I now call up the contested-
election case of A. S. Wallace vs. W. D. Simp-
son, from the fourth congressional district of
the State of South Carolina. I propose to take
but little time, not more than five minutes,
and I do not know of anybody else who wants
any time.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Ifrwlved, That A. S. Wallace was duly elected a
member of the Forty-First Congress from the fourth
district of South Carolina, and is entitled to tlie seat
be claims m this House.
Mr. CESSNA. I desire to state that no
understanding or arrangement has been made .
in this case with anybody ; and I desire to
make no arrangement except such as the House
may determine to make; and MiPrefore, in
order to test the sense of the House, I now
ask^the previous question on the resolution.
.The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CESSNA moved to reconsider the vole
