1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4807
I may be permitted to say so, a great many
fine sentences, references to history, and I
must be pardoned for saying by no means the
most accurate either. Here are resolutions
(hat cover this whole continent as well as
Cuba, that reach out into the British posses-
sions at the uoith for an illustration, forsooth,
or for some other reason that I do not know;
that cover South America with another hand
(or an illustration; and then, having got these
continental illustrations, si retch out a little
finger to Cuba in tlie sea.
Why, Mr. President, I am surprised, I must
say—I repeat,again, with respect and deference
to the opinions of others—that this piece of
rhetoric should be all that we are to hold out
to the insurgents of Cuba for their benefit.
Now, sir, let us look a little at the second
section, for tiie first section reported by the
committee, I think, is unobjectionable. I will
read the first section of the substitute, as re-
ported by the committee:
That the people of the United States cannot hoar
with indifferenee the reports of barbarous outrages
which reach them constantly from the neighboring
island of Cuba; that they protest against the repe-
tition of such acts, whether by the Spanish Govern-
ment or by insurgents seeking independence; that
they denounce with indignation the shooting—■
Now changed, I believe, to "execution"—
of captives taken with arms in their hands as a vio-
lation of the first principles of civilization, and con-
trary to the precedent happily established on the
North American continent; and in the name of hu-
manity they solemnly insist that these things shall
ecase.
I do not know that I have any objection to
that. I certainly have no objection to a pro-
test against the enormities here mentioned. I
confess I do not quite understand the expres-
sion " contrary to the precedent happily estab-
lished on the North American continent." I
thought it was a precedent established every-
where now, where civilization prevails, that
war is not to be carried on in the inhuman and
barbarous manner that it is now carried on in
Cuba. I did not know that we had any right
to a special patent right in this precedent of
humane war, if such a term may be used—war,
at least, according to the principles of human-
ity—that mark tins age. It seems, however,
that we have somehow or other acquired a par-
ticular preeminence in that; hence it is put
here "according to the precedent happily
established." I will not cavilabout that, how-
ever, for I could vote for that part of the prop-
osition well enough.
Now comes the second section :
Sec. 2. And be it further resotoed, That the people
of the United States are pained to hear thai, the pre-
tension of propel ty in man is still upheld in the island
colonies of Spain lying in American waters; that
human beings endowed by nature with the right to
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are held
as slaves, despoiled of all rights; that instead of term-
inating this pretension at onee the Spanish Goveiu-
ment propose to protract it for an indefinite period
by an impossible system of gradualism ; that such a
spectacle is jnstly offensivo to all who love repub-
lican institutions, of which liberty and equality are
cardinal principles, and especially to the peoplo of
the United States, who now, in the name of justice
and for the sake ot good neighborhood, ask tliat
slavery shall cease at once.
I do not know what this is except simply an
abolition resolution or anti-slavery resolution ;
and if so, what propriety is there in limiting it
to slavery in Cuba? If we are to manifest any
feeling in favor of human freedom, why insult
Spain by simply referring to her delinquency,
if delinquency it be, while Brazil, with whom
we have intimate relations, and other countries
maintain slavery to quite the extent that Spain
maintains it; nay, more, when there are ten
times as many slaves in Africa as there are in
all other parts of the world put together?
If we want to pass simply an anti-slavery
resolution, let us make it general; not under-
take to carp at the conduct of Spain in this
particular ; not undertake to condemn her be-
cause her statesmen may consider that a system
of gradual emancipation, a system such as Eng-
land adopted, may be better even for the slave
than the instantaneous striking off his shackles.
Whether that is so or not is not for me to dis-
cuss or determine. But I am not willing to
single out Spain and denounce her for seeking
to pursue precisely the course that England
pursued in the abolition of slavery in her col-
onies, and which some of the very best men
thatever sat in this Senate Chamber contended
for all their Jives as the best mode of abolition
here. Sir, if you want simply to pass an anti-
slavery resolution, although I hardly suppose
that is necessary now, make it general; let it
apply to the world ; do not single out Spain as
being the sole Power in the world that violates
human rights.
But again, sir, there is another thing in this
second resolution that I cannot agree to. Upon
what principle does it go ? The whole theory
of this second resolution is that the abolition of
slavery in Cuba depends upon the action of
Spain alone. If I am not mistaken, the patriots
there have declared for instantaneous emanci-
pation. As I understand it, they have, so far
as it was in their power, abolished slavery
instantly. This resolution goes upon the theory
that their act abolishing slavery is of no effect
whatsoever ; that the abolition of slavery there
must depend upon the action of Spain alone ;
and hence it is Spain alone that is appealed to
by this resolution to abolish slavery, and to
quit talking of the "impracticable system of
gradual emancipation." The whole theory of
the resolution, therefore, is that Spain is the
mistress of Cuba, and that upon the volition
of Spain alone depends the fate of Cuba in the
future. I am not willing to say that.
So much for that second section. I object
to it, first, because as a mere statement of our
opposition to slavery there is no propriety in
limiting it to Spain. There is no necessity fin-
passing a mere abolition resolution at this time
at all; but if it were to bo passed, there is no
propriety whatsoever in limiting it simply to
Spam. In the second place, I object to the
resolution because it goes upon the theory that
all that the patriots in Cuba, have done there
goes for nothing, and that the fate of the peo-
ple in that island, whether bond or free, is all
in the hands or subject to the volition of Spain.
I will not agree to that.
Now, let ns conao to the next resolution.
The third resolution is in these words;
That the United States, being once colonies,
achieved independence as a nation by successful
resistance to the .European Power claiming to gov-
ern them, and tboir example was followed afterward
by the Spanish colonies oil the American continent,
all of which have achieved independence likewise;
that already the same aspiration for independence
begins to stir in the neighboring colonics of Great
ISiitain; that these instances, in hai uioiiy witli the
spirit of the ago, leach that the day of European
colonies in this hemisphere lias passed: that, im-
pressed by this conviction, the people of the United
Statesregietto witness the extraordinary efforts of
the Spanish Government, by violence and blood, to
maintain an unnatural jurisdiction in Cuba, forbid-
den by the great law of human progress, and hostile
to the best interests of both parties.
Let. us look a little at this third resolution.
I do not wish to be hypercritical at all; but
first I must notice, in passing, what is said in
the very first sentence, that "the United
States, being onee colonies, achieved inde-
pendence as a nation." That is new historical
reading to rne. It is not, true, historically, that
the thirteen Colonies achieved independence as
a nation. They achieved their own independ-
ence. They assisted each other in the achieve-
ment of their own independence ; and if they
have become a nation since it was not by the
struggle for their independence, but it was by
the Constitution that they have formed and
under which we have lived. They were free
and independent States until they made this
Constitution under which we live.
Now, sir, I want to know what is this " great
law of human progress" that is referred to in
this resolution. It seems to be this: that there
are to be no European colonies in America.
Is not that a most extraordinary law of human
progress? A law of human progress; a law
which reaches around the globe; a law that
affects a thousand million people; that great
law of human progiessis, that there are to be
no European colonies in America. I confess
that I cannot understand such rhetoric as that.
What are the illustrations that are given to
prove this groat law of human progress? he
illustrations are, the achievement of our own
independence, the achievement of the inde-
pendence of the Spanish colonies in South
America and Central America and ilexico;
and this achievement of independence by col-
onies is said to be " in harmony with the spirit
of the age." What spirit of the age? Sir,
the spirit of the age in Europe is not disinte-
gration, but aggregation. The whole German
family is tending to become one nation. It
lias inadethe greatest strides imaginable within
the last ten years to accomplish that end, and
it will probably go on until the object is fully
accomplished. The Latin races have done the
same thing in Italy. The Sclavic races are
fast tending to the same consummation. The
idea in Europe, that which dominates the pub-
lic mind, is aggregation of race, and not dis-
integration.
But now it seems, according to this reso-
lution, that what is the spirit of the age there
is not the spirit of the age here ; that there is
some law of human progress that does not reach
beyond our own shores or our own waters.
Sir, I am opposed to all this rhetoric. I
wish to say to Spain, in plain and simple lan-
guage, without giving reasons for it, without
making an argument, without sticking ah argu-
ment into the body of this enactment, that she
ought to acknowledge the independence of
Cuba. I wish to say it in the fewest and sim-
plest words in which the idea can be expressed,
without rhetoric and without argument. In
fact, 1 see nothing in this third resolution, no
reason for its being here at all.
All, perhaps, that we need to say is much
belter said in the fourth section. The third
section is merely a piece of logic and rhetoric.
The whole substance of the matter is to be
found in the fourth section, t'arbetterexpressed,
ni my humble judgment, and far more effect-
ively expressed.
Mr. President, I did not expect to be called
to speak on these resolutions this morning.
It was not until late last night that I saw them,
and not until this morning that I saw them in
a.n authentic form. The ideas that I have
expressed I feel so strongly that I could not
help expressing them, perhaps with more
warmth than I ought to have done; perhaps
with more of criticism than I ought to have
indulged in. I have only to say once more
that it is no want of respect for the high source
from which these resolutions come that com-
pels me to speak in a manner that may seem
to bo too severely critical. I move to strike
out the second and third sections of this pro-
posed substitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to amend the substitute by striking
out the second and third sections.
Mr. CASSEHLY addressed the Senate until
the conclusion of the morning hour. [His
speech will be published, after it shall have
been concluded, in the Appendix.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California will please suspend. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill to reduce taxa-
tion is before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will be passed
over informally until we can have a vote on
this resolution. I appeal to the Senator from
Ohio to allow a vote to be taken on this.
Mr. SHERMAN. If a vote could be taken
without further debate I should be very glad;
I wish to vote for the resolution; but I know
it cannot be done. I ask the Senator from
California [Mr. Casseri.y] if he is willing to
have the vote taken without further debate^
Mr. CASSEHLY. I never could forgive
myself for despoiling the world of the rest of
the speech I was about to make. [Laughter.]
That is the only objection I have.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I must insist on
the regular order.
