1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1975
furnishing the granite for the New York post
office.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] has
expired.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish I had more
lirne. I would like to go over this whole sub-
ject, for I think I understand it.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to state that the plan
io which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Fakksworth] has referred is not the plan upon
which the work is now being carried on. It is
(he one which has been abandoned; and the
woik is now proceedingwithout any plan.
Mr. F A R NS WO RTH. If the gentleman will
allow me, I wish to say that the contract for
the granite for this New York post office has
been made by A. B. Mullet, supervising archi-
tect of the Treasury. I do not know any law
authorizing that officer to make a contract. The
Secretary of the Treasury does not sign this
contract ; and certainly no man will pretend
that even the Secretary of the Treasury is au-
thorized to make a contract beyondthe amount
authorized by law to be expended.
Mr. DAWES. As the hour of half past four
has very nearly arrived I wish to express the
hope that members will bear it in mind to
attend at the session this evening so that a call
of the House may not be necessary. I with-
draw rny pro forma amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, every appropriation bill seems
to be made the occasion for an indirect attack
upon a gentleman whose case, if he is to be
fairly dealt with, should be investigated by the
House. In consequence of the debate which
took place here yesterday Mr. Mullet has ad-
dressed to me a letter, wEicli I will read to the
House:
Treasury Department,
Office of Sdteuvisinc Architect,
Marchl5,1870.
Sir: Will you oblige me by demanding in my be-
half ao investigation into the charges made against
iuc in the debate yesterday; and also into the manner
in which I have conduetcd tny office, and into every
contract made by me or under my supervision ?
I neither fear investigation, nor shall I resign to
escape it.
Very respectfully, A, B. MULLET,
ib'tt-pervising Architect.
Hon. Robert C. Soiienck.
In consequence of that I have prepared a
resolution. He asked mo verbally to select
auy committee I pleased to make this investi-
gation, and I thought the Committee on Ex-
penditures on the Public Buildings would be
the appropriate committee. I have prepared
a resolution referring the whole matter to that
committee, and empowering them to make a
complete investigation into everything done by
A. B. Mullet, the surpervjsing architect of the
Treasury Department, and by the result of that
investigation he is willing to stand. I only
refer to it to show, while there are indirect,
insidious, I will not say unmanly, but I will
say not very fair attacks made upon him when-
ever an opportunity occurs to drag in his name,
he asks nothing but a plain, straightforward
inquiry into everything he has done, to determ-
ine whether he is or is not an economical and
honest officer. I intend to offer the resolu-
tion I have explained to the House whenever
I get the floor and have an opportunity to
do so.
Sir. DAWES. I wish to say, so far as I am
concerned, I have not impugned the integrity
of the supervising architect of the Treasury
Department. My remarks have been addressed
to the question of economy and to what it is
proper for us to do in the present condition of
affairs, and I have had no design on any occa-
sion by anything that I have said to impugn
his character.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the committee, in obedience
to the order of the House, took a recess until
half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union (Mr. Scofield in the chair) at half
past seven o'clock p. m. resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
took a recess the deficiency appropriation bill
was under consideration, the pending para-
graph being " for continuing the construction
of the building for court-house and post office
in New York city, $400,000." The immediate
question was upon the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Coburjj] to strike out of the proposed amend-
ment the words'' no part of," and in lieu thereof
to insert "no more than."
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to strike out
the last word of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana, and I do so for the purpose
of making^ a single remark. Mr. Chairman, if
I were satisfied that there was no doubt of the
fact stated by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] that the appropriation of
$400,000 will not carry this work where the
plan may not be changed or varied L should
not think the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana necessary; but I am doubtful on
that point. I have seen so much in reference
to these things that I have lost all confidence
in the recommendation of these officers, and I
should like to have the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts state more explicitly, if he can do
so, whether he is satisfied there is no doubt
that this appropriation of $400,000 will not
carry this work to that point where we will
be compelled to complete it according to the
present plan.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee on Appro-
priations tried to satisfy themselves on that
very point, and they were satisfied that such
was the fact by the superintendent of the build-
ing, a gentleman known to the members of the
last House, Mr. Hulburd, who was a member
of the last House himself, aud who has our
confidence for integrity and ability. We were
assured by him and othei'3 whom we examined
that this sum of money would not bring the
building above the sidewalk. We made this
appropriation to meet the very point suggested
by the gentleman from Iowa. I have no desire
to put the building beyond the point desired
by the gentleman, nor has any member of the
committee. I do not think any friend of the
measure desires to push any particular plan,
but that the desire is to continue the work only
so far as is necessary at the present time, leav-
ing full opportunity hereafter to change or vary
the plan, as may be found necessary. We be-
lieve that this appropriation will only bring the
building up to the sidewalk; but we may be
mistaken.
Mr.LOUGHRIDGE. If it requires §400,000
to bring it up to the sidewalk, i would like to
know how much the entire building is going to
cost?
Mr. JENCKES. Allow me to say that the
depth of this building below the sidewalk is
two thirds of the height proposed for the build-
ing above the sidewalk.
Mr. DAWES. This also should be stated :
there is a great deal of granite which is being
prepared in such a shape that it will conform
to any plan that may ultimately be adopted.
The Committee on Appropriations do not mean
to force any particular plan on Congress or on
the people of New York. The committee do
not mean to force on the people of New York
any stingy policy, but they do mean to give
them simply a plain, substantial, convenient,
and large building.
Mr. WOOD. I merely desire to say that I
am satisfied that there is no disposition or wish
on the part of the city of New York to have
any useless or unnecessary ornaments put upon
this building; nor does the city of New York
care very much what particular plays of archi-
tecture or ornamentation of the rooms are
adopted, so long as the building itself shall be
completed at the earliest practicable period.
Now, as regards this question of plan, the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
will recollect, and other gentlemen will recol-
lect, that Congress has already taken some
action upon this very subject of a plan for that
building. In 1867ajointresolutioawasadopted
for the appointment of commissioners, who
were empowered to select a site, to procure a
title, and to adopt the plans, which they were
to submit to the Postmaster General and Sec-
retary of the Interior; and those commis-
sioners did discharge that duty, and the Secre-
tary of the Interior transmitted to Congress
the plans which those gentlemen had adopted;
but Congress never took any action upon them
whatever. Therefore, if the plans are now
wrong, Congress is to blame and not the Gov-
ernment, or the superintendent, or any person
at present connected with the erection of the
building. All we desire is this, that the build-
ing may be completed. It was in 1856 that
Congress originally adopted the proposition to
give us a new post office and court-house iu
New York: that, sir, is fourteen years ago.
We have been fourteen years in trying to get
a post office and it ia not yet built to the side-
walk. And, therefore, I am opposed to any
proposition, however meritorious in itself, the
effect of which will be to destroy the large
amount of property and money that isalready
put in'the building, and to delay its comple-
tion to an indefinite period. I think well of
the proposition of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Coburs.] In itself it is proper
and correct. We should not "appropriate and
expend money without knowing precisely what
we are to do and what class of buildings we
are to erect.
But this is a case which has peculiar merits
and which has peculiar claims on the Gov-
ernment. New York I need not say is the
metropolitan city of the Union. New York col-
lects two thirds of the revenue of the Union.
New York is a city which every American is
proud of and which every American visits or
has correspondence «with. We have now no
post office there belonging to the Government.
We hire our public buildings at an enormous
expense. But when this building is erected
we shall have the post office, the marshal's
office,'and the United States district courts and
other courts all under one roof. As regards
the particular plan on which it is proposed to
erect the building I have not seen it. I know
nothing about it. So long as it is a good one
and so long as the carrying of it out is in good
hands, as I believe is the case, I do not care as
to the particular plan, provided we get a suit-
able building.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the committee will
now come to a vote on the paragraph.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ I have only a few
words to say. This building is not designed
for all the Government offices in New York,
but only for the post office and the United States
courts. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads during the last Congress made
an investigation. They visited New York for
that purpose, and the gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Ferry] made a report to the House
approving the plans ; and the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads prepared a
bill, which the chairman reported to the
House, providing for the erection of the build-
ing. This was late in the session, and the com-
mittee never had an opportunity to report that
bill. In the mean time, while the appropria-
tion bill was pending in the Committee of the
Whole, it was amended on the motion, I
think, of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] by inserting $200,000_to commence
the erection of the post office in New 10rK.
With that $200,000 the supervising architect
of the Treasury, disregarding the plan which
had thus been approved, went to work ; ana
