1870.
THE CONGHESSIONAL GLOBE.
2919
and the two succeeding paragraphs, and to
substitute therefor what I will send to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
The CHAIRMAN. No motion to amend
other paragraphs than the one under consid-
eration can now be made.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to submit my sub-
stitute so that it may be pending when the
other paragraphs shall have been reached.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desired to say a word
or two on my motion to strike out; but I sup-
pose the time allowed by the House for debate
on this paragraph has now expired.
The CHAIRMAN. It has; and no further
debate is in order on the pending paragraph.
The question was then taken on the motion
to strike out; and on a division it was not
agreed to—ayes eighteen, noes not counted.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend by in-
serting immediately after the pending paragraph
the following:
And on ends, clippings, and panellings of new iron, 1
one half of 1 cent per pound. i
The question was taken on the amendment,
and on a division it was not agreed to—ayes ,
five, noes not counted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer an amendment to the pending paragraph 1
about clippings and punchings, because 
Mr. CESSNA. Is debate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. CESSNA. Then let the amendment be
offered, but not debated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not debated the amendment.
Mr. CESSNA. The gentleman said he
wanted to move an amendment, and then said
"because," going on to state his reasons for 1
it. I object to debate as not being in order. !
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well;
I move to amend the pending paragraph by |
adding to it the following:
Provided, That on all ends, clippings, punchings. ,
turnings, and borings of new iron, fit only to be re-
manufactured into ingots and bars, a duty shall be
paid of $10 per ton.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and upon a division there were—ayes 60,
noes 63.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were twenty one in the affirm-
ative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. At the proper time I wish to offer a
substitute for the pending paragraph and the
two succeeding paragraphs.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to renew my amendment at $11 per ton.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] has the floor on a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to inquire when it
• will be in Order for me to offer my substitute?
TheCHAIRMAN. Thegentlemancan offer
it now but will not be acted upon until all
amendments to the paragraphs covered by it
shall have been disposed of.
Mr. ALLISON. I will offer it and let it be
pending.
The pending paragraph, as amended, was as
follows:
On all iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other forms
less finished than bars, and more advanced than pig
iron, except castings, $18 per ton.
The two paragraphs immediately succeeding
were as follows:
On iron bars, rolled or hammered, (comprising flat
bars,) not less than one and a half nor more than four
inches wide, nor less than half an inch nor more
than two inches thick, 1 cent per pound.
On iron bars, rolled or hammered, comprising flat
barsless than one and a half ineh, or more than four
inches wide and less than one half of an inch, and
not less than three eighths of an inch thick; and on
iron bars rolled or hammered, more than two inches
thick, 1| cents per pound.
The substitute proposed by Mr. Allison for
the three paragraphs was as follows:
On iron in bars, rolled or hammered, comprising
flats, not less than one ineh nor more than six inches
wido, and not less than three eighths of an inch nor
more than two inchcs thick; and rounds not less
than three quarters of an inch nor more than two
inches in diameter, and squares not less than three
quarters of an inch nor moro than two inches square,
$18 per ton.
On bar iron, rolled or hammered, comprising flats
less than threo eighths of an inch or moro than two
inchcs thick, and less than one inch or more than six
inches wide; rounds less than three quarters of an
inch or more than two inches in diameter, and
squares less than threo quarters of an inch or moro
than two inches square, $25 per ton: Provided, That
all iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other forms less
finished than bars and more advanced than pig iron,
except castings, shall be rated as iron in bars and
pay a duty accordingly: And provided further. That
none of the above iron shall pay a less rate of duty
than 35 per cent, ad valorem.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will make a
minute of the proposed substitute.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the pending paragraph by adding to
it the following:
Provided, That on all ends, dippings, punchings,
turnings, and borings of new iron, lit only to be re-
manufactured into ingots and bars, a duty shall be
paid of $11 per ton.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment; and upon a division there were—ayes
58, noes 38 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Butler, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Maynard were ap-
pointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 76, noes 51.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend by adding
to the pending paragraph the following addi-
tional proviso:
Provided further. That any such ends,clippings, or
punchings, cut, stamped, or partially prepared for any
article of manufacture so attempted to bo entered
shall be forfeited to the United States.
Mr. KELLOGG. I beg leave to say that
that is covered by the existing law.
Mr. CON GER. The gentleman is mistaken.
The law does not embrace such cases as these.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
ayes 31, noes 44; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Conger and
Mr. Ingersoll were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 73, noes 4; no quorum voting.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, pursuant to order
of the House, took a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock p. m. the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resumed its session, (Mr. Wheeler in the
chair,) and proceeded with the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing
laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
Mr. STILES. I move that the committee
rise. The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means is not present.
Mr. CESSNA. I hope the motion will not
be agreed to.
The motion was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending" question
is upon an amendment of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] which will be again
reported by the Clerk.
Mr. CONGER. I send to the Clerk a copy
of my amendment as I have modified it. It
differs slightly from the form in which I offered
it before the recess.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the paragraph tho following:
Provided further. That any such ends, clippings,
or punchings which shall have been cut, stamped, or
partially prepared for any article of manttfaoture,
and which shall be entered or attempted to be en-
tered under this subdivision shall be lorfeited to the
United States.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to suggest to
the gentleman from Michigan 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Debate on this paragraph has been closed by
order of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose it is in order to
move an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. DAWES. The amendment which I
would propose is to insert after the word
"entered," in the amendment of thegentle-
man from Michigan, the words "in violation
! of this act."
j Mr. CONGER. I think thegentleman will
; find that the amendment as I have now drawn
it meets the difficulty which he suggests.
Mr. DAWES. I am in favor of the object
: which the gentleman seeks to accomplish.
The only question is whether the language of
the amendment will accomplish that object.
Mr. CONGER. I believe, Mr. Chairman,
the gentleman's amendment is not in order at
present. When the committee took.its recess
the House was dividing by tellers upon my
amendment and the result of the vote had not
been announced.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is cor-
rect. The tellers will take their places. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hawley] will
act as teller in the place of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll,] who is absent.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 75, noes 10; no quorum
voting.
TheCHAIRMAN. No quorum having voted,
the rule requires that the roll shall be called
and the absentees reported to the House}. The
Clerk will call the roll.
The roll was called; when the following-
named members failed to answer:
Messrs. Adams. Ambler, Ames. Armstrong, Arnell,
Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Barry,
Benjamin, Biggs, Boles, Booker. Bowen, Buck,
Burchard, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
R. Butler, Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Covode,
Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Davis, Degener, Dickinson,
Dixon, Dockerj\ Duval, Dyer, Ela, Eldridge, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Fisher, Fitch, Fox, Garfield, Uutz,
Gibson, Griswold, Haldeman, Hale. Hambleton,
Hamill, Hamilton, Harris, Hawfcins. Hays, Heaton,
Heflin.tioge, Holman, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Thomas L. Jones, Ketcham, Knott, Laflin, Lash,
Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall, Mayham,
McCrary, McGrew, McKenzie, MeNeely, Milnes,
Eliakim II. Moore, Jesse II. Moore, Morgan,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill,
Morrissey, Mungen, Nesley, Paine, Palmer, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Potter, Prosser, Reeves, Rice, Ridg-
way, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sawyer. Schumaker,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod,
Shober, Slocum, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson,
Stokes, Strader. Strickland, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe,
Taylor. Trimble, T.vner, Upson, Van Auken, Van
Horn, >Tan Trump, Voorhees, Ward, Calwalader C.
Washburn, Wilkinson, Williams, Eugene M. Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Wood-
ward.
The committee then rose; and Mr. Dawes
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Wheeler reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union hav-
ing, according to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 1068, to amend existing laws
relating to the duty on imports, and for other
purposes, and finding itself without a quorum,
he had, under the rule, caused the roll to be
called, and now reported the names of the
absentees to be entered upon the Journal of
the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No quorum
having answered, no motion is now in order
except to adjourn or that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
■ The Clerk proceeded to call the roll; and
the following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames, Arnell, Axtell,
Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Barry, Biggs. Boles,
Booker, Bowen, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Church-
ill. William T. Clark. Sidney Clarke Cleveland.
Clinton L. Cobb, Covode, Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Davis,
Dockery, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Bldridge, Farnswortn,
Ferry, Fisher,Fitch, Fox,Garfield, Haldeman, Hale,
