1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1031
ing privilege. I going to vote agamst it
because the Senate has agwKid once. I 8up- ,,
posed in good faith, to set aside this afternoon
for the consideration of private bills coming
from the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, the Committee on Pensions, the Committee
on Claims, and perhaps some other committees;
and I want to ascertain whether the Senate
means to stand by that agreement or not. Up
to this time, I believe, the Senate has not acted
noon it Now, on the second tnday which
has occurred since that resolution was agreed
0IMr^HAMLIN. The third.
Mr. HOWE. The third Friday, the Senator
from Maiue says. When for the third time
the Senate is asked to abide by that agree-
ment, we are urged to postpone it on behalf
of a measure which of all conceivable meas-
ures there is the least occasion for acting upon
to-day. On your Calendar probably there is
not one single proposition but what there is
as much need for your acting upon to-day as
on this.
Mr. President, I make this remark without
feeling that I subject myself for a moment to
the criticism which the Senator from Maine
threw out here broadcast just now, that a great
many of us were going to vote for the abolition
of the franking privilege, although we did not
want to do it. 1 am going to vote to abolish
the franking privilege. I am going to vote for
it not because I believe my constituents demand
that vote of me; I am going to vote for it be-
cause I know it will be a positive relief to myself,
and because I believe it will be a relief or may
be made a relief to my constituents. Therefore
I am going to vote for it because I want to vote
for it, ana I think I can prove this to the satis-
faction of the Senate, by reminding them that
a year ago, when my constituents aid net say
anything about this matter, did not ask the
Senate for any such measure, I voted for it;
I supported it with all my might; I argued it
as well as I could. My judgment was in full
accord with the measure. I did not vote so
confidently as I ought, becanse I was not en-
tirely certain that the measure was calculated
to promote the best interests of the people 
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to a question of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas will state his question of order.
Mr. POMEROY. The unfinished business
has been laid aside by a vote of the Senate.
Without any other motion now the bills of the
Committee on the District of Columbia would
be in order, by the order of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. The motion was made
and the Chair divided it
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Ramsey] moved to postpone the pendingorder
for the purpose of taking up the bill in regard
to the franking privilege. The Senator from
Maine [Mr. Hamlikj demanded a division of
the question. The first branch of the motion
was put and carried in the affirmative; the
second branch is now before the Senate. It
was made at the appropriate time; and the
Senator from Kansas will see that if the Chair
rules as he desires, then upon Friday no mem-
ber could ever move to take up any other bill
than a District bill; and a majority of the Sent
ate certainly would have the right to do that
Mr. POMEROY. That is the order of the
Senate.
The VTCE PRESIDENT. But a majority
of the Senate would have a right, unless the
Senate decide to construe their resolution more
stringently, to take up a bill they might consider
of pressing importance. This being simply a
resolution of the Senate—it is not a special
order, it is a resolution of the Senate—the
Chair overrules the point of order; and the
question is before the Senate, Will the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill in regard
to the franking privilege, being the last branch
of the motion of the Senator from Minnesota?
Mr. THURMAN. Ia that question debat-
able?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the last part of the eleventh rule ;
the Chair has referred to it several times pre-
viously on motions to take up bills.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"And motions to tako up or proceed to the con-
sideration of any question shall be determined with-
out debate upon the merits of the question proposed
to be considered."
Mr. THURMAN. I think, under the rule,
this debate is wholly out of order. I think we
had better debate the bill itself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
so ruled repeatedly, and sometimes interposed
to arrest debate; but as it did not seem to meet j
the wishes of the Senate, he preferred that
Senators should raise the point of order if
they desired to arrest debate. It is not in
order certainly under the eleventh rule, the
point of order being insisted upon.
Mr. HOWE. What is not in order, if the
Chair will allow me to inquire ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate on the
merits of the bill proposed to be considered.
Mr. HOWE. It I felt guilty of having said ;
a word on the merits of that question I should
apologize to the Senate. I have not done any
such thing. I have been trying to vindicate ;
myself from a criticism that was thrown out
here, I thought rather inconsiderately. Does
the rule say I shall not say anything about
my own merits? [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not
' . Mr. CONKLING. They are so obvious that
it is not necessary to say anything about them.
Mr. HOWE. I thought that question was
pertinent, because if the rule forbade me to
say anything about my own merits, it forbade
other Senators also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin will proceed without debating
the merits of the question proposed to be con-
sidered.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly, so far as I proceed
at all, I will stand clear of that, because you
see how easy it would be for me to execute the
order of the Chair; because I was explaining
that I had not been able to satisfy myself
whether there was any merit in the bill or not.
[Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. There is not merit enough, I
suggest, to break the rule. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. I was trying to satisfy the
Senator from Maine and my colleagues about
: me. I see he is every moment getting more
, and more satisfied that I was not one of those
members here who were supporting this meas-
i ure of reform under any compulsion whatever.
I want to take this occasion, however, to read
a little extract—no, I will not do even that;
but it was because of this extract containing a
reflection, as I think, upon the Senate, and
which I shall call the attention of the Senate
to by and by, that I feel more sensitively than I
otherwise might the criticism that is thrown out
now. I repeat—and I will relieve the impa-
tience of the Senator from Maine with repeating
this remark—I shall support this measure un-
der no sort of idea that the great body of the
people of Wisconsin demand it of me. I shall
support it because I believe it will promote
their interests, and because I know it will pro-
; mote my own interests. For these reasons I
I shall vote for this measure, not because I am
|! forced to do it by anybody.
: Mr. HAMLIN. It is suggested bj Senators
; around me that, we may take a vote on this
1 franking bill without debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. It cannot be
taken without debate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Nowvif the Senate will
j adhere to its rule and prMped to the consider-
ation of the business of afeDistrict, for one
]! I am willing to yield to altbiw that question to
, be taken and test that fact, and see if it can be
I j taken without debate or not. If so, we can
dispose of it in ten minutes ; but if it should
lead to debate, then certainly I should want to
go back to the District business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will certainly lead to
debate.
Mr. HAMLIN. My friend from New York
[Mr. Conkling] was very confident that the
question could be taken without debate. I
thought otherwise; but I was willing to test
the sense of the Senate and see if the vote
could be taken without debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Maine that if the
Senate considers this bill, after business has
intervened the Senator from Maine can then
move to postpone it until to-morrow, which
will bring up the District business.
Mr. SCOTT. I shall endeavor to confine
myself strictly within the rule in giving a rea-
son or two why this bill should be taken up.
It is assumed in the debate that it will not go
into operation until the 1st of July, 1870. I
do not think the assumption can be sustained:
for if the bill should be taken up I, if no other
Senator does, will offer an amendment that it
shall go into effect not later than the 1st of
March, 1870. Another reason why it should
be taken up is that it is urged as a measure for
the purpose of reforming abuses, and as a
measure of economy, and we are urged now
by the Department, by .the people, and by the
press to proceed with it at once. Therefore,
without considering the propriety #f remedy-
ing or providing at this time for the inconven-
iences which will result from adopting this
measure to reform abuses and of economy, let
us reform the abuses and institute the measure
of economy, and then before long we shall
hear of the inconveniences that are to be rem-
edied in consequence of putting this law into
operation immediately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota,
to proceed to the considojfition of the bill to
abolish the franking privilege, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Mesm. Brownlow, Cameron,, Carpenter,
Chandler. Cole, Conkling, Cragin. Davis, Ferry.
Gilbert, Harlan, Howell, Kellogg, McCreery, Mor-
ton, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Bchurz, Scott, Stewart,
and Trumbull—22. - _
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony. Bayard, Bore-
man, Casserly, Drake, Edmunds, Hamlin, -Hams,
Howard. Howe, Johnston, McDonald, Morn)! of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman,
Spencer, Stockton. Sumner. Thayer, Thurman.
Tipton, Vickers, Warner, Willey, Williams, and
I Wilson—34
S ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham, Citteil, Corbett,
I Fenton, Fowler, Hamilton, Lewis, Norton, Osborn,
i Patterson, Spragae, and Yates—12.
! So the motion was not agreed to.
ACKNOWLEDQWSNia Of DBSDS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The District busi-
ness is before the Senate under the order of
the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 234.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 234) relating to ac-
knowledgments of deeds or other instruments
of writing in the District of Columbia. It pro-
vides that from and after its passage the ac-
knowledgment of any,deed, contrpoVboad, or
power of attorney, concerning lands in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, whether heretofore made
and recorded, or hereafter to be made, before
one justice of the pence only, either in the Dis-
trict or any State or Territory of the United
States, shall be held and deemed as valid and
effectual for all purposes as though such
ftcknowlddgmBnt had beenfflad^ before two or
more justices of the peace,. > . '
Mr. TRUMBULL. That..bill involves a
question of very considerable importance. If
1 can have the attention of the chairman of
the Committee on the District of Columbia and
of the lawyers of the Senate I think they will
hesitate before they pass it It provides not
