3804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
oil the part of members, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cessna,] acting as chair-
man of the sub-Committee of Elections, availed
himself of the confusion and disorder to smug-
gle <1 man into this House as a member—I
use the language deliberately—and to place us
in such a parliamentary position that it is im-
possible, tinder the decision of the Speaker, to
have any discussion of the case or to retrace our
steps. That is the fact, and I wish that fact to
go before the country. No quorum, no order in
this House, but general disorder and confusion.
Without any understanding or discussion what-
soever on this subject, a member is forced be-
fore this House, to be sworn in by the Speaker,
who has only 9,807 votes, against a Democratic
candidate who has 14,008 votes. Talk to me
hereafter, as a member from New York, of
fraudulent elections ! Never, never in the
worst wards of Now York, amid the most
depraved of its population, was a fraud perpe-
trated like this, which this House perpetrates
at its bar in attempting to-day to smuggle in
here a man having only 9,000 votes against a
Democrat having 14,000 votes. Let my col-
league from New York, [Mr. Davis,] who is
now in my eye, before he attempts to correct
frauds in New York elections, let him correct
the fraudulent elections made here in this
House, from Kentucky, from Louisiana, from
South Carolina. There is not a fraudulent
poll in all New York; there is not a repeating
proposition; there is not a scoundrel there who
defies the law, the honor, the Constitution of
the country, there is nothing, in the way it is
attempted to defraud us, who are in the mi-
nority here, by forcing upon this House another
member elected by nobody, nowhere, having
no constituency, representing nothing whatso-
ever.
Sir, I denounce these frauds from the Com-
mittee of Elections before the country with all
the vigor I am capable of. This is no longer
a representative Government. This House no
longer represents the people of this country.
It is a packed Congress. It is a fraudulent
House. It is elected by device and cheatery
and contrivances such as have been exhibited
this very morning at the bar of this House,
here upon this floor—a man with 9,000 votes
against a Democrat with 14,000 votes smug-
gled in here without a word of discussion
whatever.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr, DAWES. At some time before this
passes away from the House I should like to
mako a statement'.
Several Members. Now.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to take
time now, but I should like to say a few words
on this subject.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Where is he?
Swear him in.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the gentleman from Massachusetts will proceed.,
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it is of the
highest importance there should be left on
record, in connection with this case, a brief
statement in reference to the report which is
submitted, so that it may not be cited wrong-
fully hereafter. The report itself overrules two
important decisions of this House, one of which
was made nearly thirty years ago, and the
other-—
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is this by
unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I presume
coportunitywill be afforded for reply.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ask for
unanimous consent for any gentleman who
may desire to reply.
Mr. DAWES. It overrules two important
decisions, one made nearly thirty years ago,
and another made in the last Congress. 1
•understand the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cessna] to have stated that it was on.y
his private opinion, and not that of the com-
mittee. The other one has reference to this
statement in the report that there was a suffi-
cient number of persons excluded from the
polls and prevented from voting who, if they
had voted, would have voted for the contestant.
I understand the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to mean only by that that persons who have
come up to the polls and were ready to vote,
who they can determine by evidence had a right
to vote, were excluded. Upon that consider-
ation of his report I should not find any fault:
but on the broad phraseology of the report it
is in opposition to the uniform decisions of this
House, coming down from the Michigan case
nearly thirty years ago. I do not intend to
enter into, and do not now allude to the merits
of this ease. I desired when it came up to put
this much upon record along with the fact that
the ease has now been passed on without dis-
cussion, so that this may not be cited hereafter
as a judgment of the House in favor of those
two points.
The merits of the case, I believe, by the re-
port, would be passed on and sustained if the
facts are as found on other points in the case.
And therefore it is proper that these two points
should be eliminated, and not made a prece-
dent. I thank the House for permitting me
to put this on the record. It is a case which,
if 1 correctly understand the facts, can be sus-
tained on other points about which there is no
controversy. And 1 regret that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna] has put it
upon points which may trouble us hereafter.
The true rule, allow mo to say, for a judge, is
to decide no more than he is obliged to decide.
When he undertakes to decide more than he
is obliged to decide he is likely to get into
trouble.
Mr. RANDALL, I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts whether he does
not think, as regards all those voters he has
spoken of as being driven away, that proof
should be made of their intention, how they
meant to vote?
Mr. DAWES. I agree that proof should in
all such cases bo made of the intention of the
voter.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
say a few words on this matter.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin, the chairman of the Committee of
Elections, asks unanimous consent to be heard.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CESSNA. I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. PAINE. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. CESSNA. I desire to make a siligle
remark of a personal character. I do not know
whether the charges in this discussion have
been directed against me personally. But I ask
every gentleman here who was within hearing
of my voice whether I did not on two or three
occasions distinctly announce to the House
that I did not expect the case would occupy
more than ten minutes, and that I had no request
from gentlemen on the other side for time to
discuss it. I also stated that the first propo-
sition in this report was simply my own view
and not that of the committee, a statement
which prevented the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts or any other gentleman from being
placed in a false position on this record. I took
no advantage. I desired to take none. My sole
desire was that the time of the House required
for other business should not be occupied by
this case to a greater extent than was neces-
sary.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask my col-
league [Mr. Cessna] whether he did not dis-
tinctly stipulate that I should have an oppor-
tunity publicly to dissent from the conclusions
of the report?
Mr. CESSNA. I do not think that the gen-
tleman has correctly given the understanding.
I promised him that 1 would state in advance
that he dissented from the first proposition
contained in the report; and that I did this
morning when I called up the case.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, it may have
been forgotten by some of the members of
the House that since the commencement of
the present session of Congress an entirely
new arrangement has obtained in reference
to the business of the Committee of Elections.
That committee has been enlarged, and has
been divided into five sections, consisting of
three members each, and the chairman has
been authorized by the House to assign each
case to pne of these sections. Each special com-
mittee to which such case is assigned has, un-
der that resolution of the House, exclusive
jurisdiction of the case, and makes its report
directly to the House without any intermediate
report to or consideration by the whole Com-
mittee of Elections of the case so assigned. In
obedience to that order of the House 1 assigned
this case to a special committee, of which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna]
is the chairman. Pursuant to that order ot
the House, he has reported this case directly
to the House, as he had a right to do, and it
came before the House in accordance with that
order, for the immediate action of the House
without the consideration of the entire Com-
mittee of Elections. Therefore, Mr. Speaker,
what I know of this case I know only as a
member of the House of Representatives, no.t
as a member of the Committee of Elections.
I desire to say a few words respecting the
first point in the report which has been re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes.] If that were the only
point involved in this case I would feel bound,
under repeated decisions of the House on that
subject, to oppose the resolution'offered by
the special committee; for the decisions of
the House have been such, in my judgment,
that it is no longer proper for the Committee of
Elections to ask tlie House either to seat or
unseat a member on the principle there in-
volved. I refer, of course, to the position that
the ineligibility of the candidate who receives
the highest number of votes, ipso facto, entitles
the member receiving the next highest number
of votes to the seat. If that were the only point
in this case I could not, under the former rul-
ings of the House, assent to the resolution which
has been adopted this morning. The princi-
ple I refer to has, in my judgment, not only
been decided adversely by the Committee of
Elections of this House in a former Congress,
but also by the Committee of Elections of this
House in the present Congress. The Com-
mittee of Elections have agreed, whatever may
be the opinions of individual members, that it
is a principle established by the House, and to
be recognized by the committee, that the mere
fact that the candidate who received the highest
number of votes was ineligible at the time of
the election does not of itself entitle the can-
didate receiving the next highest number to a
seat. And, as I said before, on that ground I
could not justify this report.
But the case stands on other grounds. One
has been referred to by the gentteman from
Massachusetts, and is this: that it is shown by
the proof in the case that a sufficiently large
number of votes for the candidate who.has just
been received by the House were rejected to
have given him the seat if counted. The other
point in the case is this: that the proof shows
that there were in certain precincts of this dis-
trict such disorders, such violations of law,
such violence, such frauds, as would not only
authorize, but require the House of Represent-
atives to exclude from the canvass those pre-
cincts, and that the remaining precincts give a
majority for the gentleman whose right to a
seat has just been decided upon by the House.
It is upon this last point mainly that the case
rests. Having examined this case and the tes-
timony in support of it as carefully as I could,
I am bound to say to the House that the res-
