1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
only for the mode of acknowledging deeds
hereafter, but it provides that deeds acknowl-
edged heretofore, and defectively acknowl-
edged, shall have the same force and effect as
if they were properly acknowledged according
to law. Now, what effect will that have upon
titles? Is a man whose title would be good
under an existing law to be divested of his title
by an act to operate ex postfhcto ? Suppose
there is a contest in the courts of this District
between two parties claiming the title to a lot
of ground in this District, and the title of one
of the parties is derived from conveyances
which under existing laws are defective, are
those defective title-papers to be made valid
to the injury of the other party? Is not that
the effect of this bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the effect of it;
and I suggest to the Senator to move to strike
out those words, so as to make it prospective.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think there need
be any alarm in relation to this bill. The law
has required the acknowledgment to be before
two justices of the peace. This bill provides
thatan acknowledgment before one justice shall
be sufficient. It is said there are some cases
where conveyances have been made—no suits
have arisen—and the deeds recorded with but the
acknowledgment of a single justice. This bill
seeks to provide a remedy by saying that the
deed shall be good, instead of requinng itto be
acknowledged before an additional justice and
recorded again. That is all there is of it. It
affects nobody's title. It makes that deed
which is now recorded with an acknowledg-
ment before one justice good. I am not aware
that fhfere is any title affected by it in the
world; but if there be objection the retro-
spective words can be stritkeri out and let it
stand for the future. 1 '
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out the
words which make thfe bill retrospective, if the
Clerk will read thikpart of it.
Mr. CONKLING. 'l%e bill now reads:
Whether heretofore.made and recorded or here-
after to b«9 de.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike otrt the
words" whether heretofore made and recorded
'or," so that it will read " hereafter to be made."
There is certainly a very serious objection to
legislating in the da«;k, not knowing what spe-
cific titles are defective , and what sort of an
acknowledgment has already been taken before
one justice, against the law by a sweeping act
of legislation. If any special instance should
arise where a claimant comes before ns and
satisfies ns that it is a mere accident, and that
there is no dispute, about the title, we can pass
a special bill and give him relief if necessary ;
but I would not have a sweeping bill of this
sort.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the chair.) The amendment proposed by
the Senator from Vermont will t)e'read.
The Secretary. It is proposed to strike
ont in lines five and six the following words:
"whether heretofore made and recorded or
so that the bill will read:
That from and after the passage of this act the
acknowledgment of any deed, contract, bond, or
power of attorney concerning lands in the District
of Colnmbiai hereafter to be made, before one jus-
tice of the peace only, either in said District or any
State or Territory, &o.
Mf. CONKLING. I suggest the language
should not be "hereafter to be made," but
11 hereafter mftde before one justice of the peace
only."
Mr. EDMUNDS-r Tberi is 'no objection to
that; that ifl ofily to torffett the grammar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be ftitidiSgdiifl Suggested.
Mr. THUR&AN; ' <1 hope the chairman ef
the Committee on/tliieDistriet of Colombia
will accept flhle amendment of the Senator from
Vermont. "' ;' ,
Mr. HAMLIK.-1 intet^oee no objection to it.
The amendment, as modified , was agreed to.
_ Mr. VICKERS. It very often happens that
in the acknowledgment of deeds taken at a
distance there are irregularities. The parties
attend sometimes before one justice of the
peace instead of going before two justices, or
before a notary public or a judge ot a court of
record. I hold in my hand an amendment
which I think will meet the views of gentlemen
on the other side. The defect in the deeds
which have been thus irregularly acknowledged,
valuable considerations having been paid for
the property covered by them, ought to be
cured. We have in the different States what
we call curative laws—laws which cure these
defects where they are merely defects in the
acknowledgment of deeds. If it will meet the
approbation of the chairman of the committee,
instead of striking out the words which it is
proposed to strike out, I would add at the end
of the bill this proviso :
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to impair any title acquired before the passage
of this act.
, So that these defective acknowledgments
will all be cured unless somebody has acquired
a title in consequence of such defect. I suggest,
f it meets the approbation of the chairman,
that this proviso will effect the purpose desired
and cure all the defective deeds where no inter-
vening title has accrued.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland moves to amend the bill by
adding the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to impair any title acquired before the passage
of this act.
Mr. THURMAN. As I understood, the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ver-
mont was adopted. I «m right in that, am I :
not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. That being the case, there
is no necessity for the amendment now offered
by the Senator from Maryland, for the bill, as
amended, is wholly prospective. But when-
ever the question shall come up of passing a ,
curative law, as mentioned by the Senator from
Maryland, I hope the Senate will pause a good I
while before it will attempt by legislation to !
cure these defective deeds. It is a very donbt- ;
ful question whether the Legislature has any j
such power. It has been held in some of ;
the States that these curative acts are uncon- ,
stitutional. It was so held in my own State.
In the State of Pennsylvania they have been
sustained by the courts. But they are of ex-
tremely doubtful constitutionality, to say the
least of it. The course taken ultimately in the
State of Ohio, I think, is the right one. A pro-
vision in our new constitution—and we might
possibly put it in the form of a law here—
allows a party whose deed has been defectively
acknowledged to go into a court of equity and
show by a bill that he gave a good consideration
for the property, and that this was a mere omis-
sion in the acknowledgment of the deed, and
allows the court to make such a decree as upon
the equity of the whole case it may think proper.
That, Itake it, is the only proper way to cure
these defects. A sweeping legislative curative
act, regard it as you may, will do more harm
than it will do good. But that is not now the
question before the Senate, for the bill, as now
amended, is wholly prospective.
Mr. VICKERS. I was not aware that that
amendment had been adopted. My amend-
ment will not be necessary if the other amend-
ment has been adopted; but I 3ubmit it to the
consideration of the Senate whether this amend-
ment would not answer all the purposes that
were desired by the Senator from Vermont?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment offered -by the Senator from Vermont
was accepted by the chairman ofthe committee.
Mr. VICKERS# I will then withdraw my
amendment.
The bill was' imported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
psssed.
administration of oaths.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the consent of my
friend from Maine, I move to take up Senate
bill No. 266 on this day's Calendar.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 266) to authorize officers of the Executive
Departments to administer oaths in certain
cases was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that any officer or clerk of any of the
Executive Departments of the Government,
who shall be lawfully detailed to investigate
frauds or attempts to defraud on the Govern-
ment, or any irregularity or misconduct of any
officer or agent of the United States, shall have
power to administer oaths to affidavits taken
in the course of any such investigation.
The bill was, reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
william ii. murphy.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 226, to incorporate the Washing-
ton Homeopathic Medical Society.
Mr. DRAKE. I have occasion to leave the
Senate Chamber for awhile, and I ask the hon-
orable Senator from Maine to allow me to call
i up a bill that will take but a moment to pass,
which has heretofore passed the Senate, and
about which there is no controversy at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it? Is it on this
day's Calendar?
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 327.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Maine withdraw his motion?
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Maine is
willing to waive it for the present in order to
allow me to have this bill passed.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Oregon
Sir. Williams] makes the same suggestion;
e Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler]
; makes the same suggestion; and there are
' others all around me making similar sugges-
tions. I had better give up the day at once.
I withdraw all objection.
Mr. DRAKE. The reason why I ask it,
which I should like the Senator from Maine
to hear, is that I have occasion to leave the
Senate Chamber this morning, and I should
feel it to be a personal accommodation if he
would allow me to call up this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not understand the Senator from Maine
to withdraw his motion, and the question is on
proceeding to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated by him.
Mr. HAMLIN. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine withdraws his motion, and the Sen-
ator from Missouri now moves that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 327.
Mr. WILLEY. I am very reluctant to inter-
pose an objection at this point. The bill which
the Senator from Missouri desires to call up
is a private bill, and I suppose it will come up
in its due course. I represent one committee
here, the Committee on Patents, which stands
low down on the Calendar on private bill day,
and I have been exceedingly anxious to get
some little "bills from that committee passed,
which I think will not take much time. I have
noticed, I will take this occasion to remark,
that there is more time spent in the Senate in
a kind of wrangle and contention whether we
shall take up a private bill and when we shall
take it up than would be necessary to consider
these private bills and pass them; and unless
the Senate adheres to the order which it has
made and placed upon the record we shall still
continue, notwithstanding the existence of that
order, to spend more time in a contention as
to who shall have his bill taken up than it would
;1 take to go through in regular order with the
,[ Calendar of private bills. Therefore I must
i | reluctantly interpose and insist that the order of
i i the Senate shall inexorably stand until revoked.
