4808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
Mr, SUMNER. But does the Senator from
California desire to proceed further? Will he
not allow a vote to be taken now ? May I
appeal to the Senator?
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to divide
the suggestion of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations in two parts, as we
do sometimes with a long amendment. I do
desire to finish my remarks. I have no desire
to object to a vote on the resolution at any
time.
Mr. SUMNER. But will the Senator from
Ohio allow his bill to be passed over inform-
ally ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; it is not worth while.
I am very much in favor of this resolution, but
I cannot yield.
FREEHOLD IMMIGRATION COMPANY.
Mr. ANTHONY. With the permission of
the Senator from Ohio, I wish to call npthe
bill (S. No. 644) to incorporate the United
States Freehold Land and Immigration Com-
pany, and to confirm certain legislation in
Colorado Territory. The Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Howard] has an amendment which
he desires to have printed. I move that it be
printed, and I should like also to have the bill
printed as amended. It has been amended
since it was printed before.
The motion was agreed to.
tax bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (II. R.
No. 2045) to reduce internal taxation, and for
other purposes, is now before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I wish the consent of the Sen-
ate to have next Tuesday evening set apart for
the consideration of steamship bills. There are
one or two reported from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I must object to
any special orders from this time forward,
without a vote of the Senate, until I can get
the tax bill off my hands. Unless we can send
the tax bill back-to the other House early next
week, it will be impossible to adjourn at the
time fixed; and I hope the Senate, without my
mentioning it continually, will endeavor to pre-
vent special orders being made, so that we may
go on and finish the tax bill. As soon as that
is through 1 shall be out of the way of Senators.
Mr. COLE. But something else will be in
the way; and I do not believe under that rule
we can reach important business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us go on with the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senatorfrom
Ohio objects to the proposition of the Senator
from California. The bill (II. It. No. 2045) to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, the pending question being on the
motion of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Conki.ing,] to strike out the fifth section of the
amended bill, the thirty-fifth section of the
House bill, as to tax ; upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I promised the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Lewis] to announce that
he is paired with the Senator from Alabama,
[Mr. Spencer.] If he were here he would vote
against the tax, and the Senator from Alabama
for it. .
Mr. SPENCER. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Lewis.] If he were hero ho would vote "yea,"
and I should vole "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
lesulted—yeas 84, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Gasscrly, tote,
Conkhng. Corbett, Kavis, Ten ton, lorry, l'owler.
(Jiibert, Hamilton of Maryland, liains, Johnson,
K?llogg. Mi,Orecry, McDonald, Osborn, Poiiioroy,
llobortson, S&ulsbury, Scott, Stewart, bumnor. Lhur-
liian, Trumbull, Vickcrs, Wilson, and \ates—3*.
NAYS —Messis. lioreman, Urownlow. Gaandler,
Brake, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Howell,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pratt,
Ramsey itice, Ross, Schura. Sherman, Sprague,
Thujor,'Warner, Willey. and Williams—2'}.
'ABSENT — Messrs. Oattell, Oragm, fcdmunds,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Lewis, Norton, Nye.
Patterson, Pool, Revels, Sawyer, Spencer, Stockton,
and Tipton—15.
So the motion to strike out was agreed to.
■ The VICE PRESIDENT. The fifth section
is stricken out.
Mr. CONKLINGr. The motion I made cov-
ered, I think, by the suggestion of the Senator
from Ohio, all the sections in relation to
income tax.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But it was stated
several times that the question was on striking
out the fifth section, which would leave^ the
other sections subject to a separate motion ;
but the understanding was that this should be
a test-vote.
Mr. CONKLINGr. That is quite right. I
only want to know whether it is necessary to
make any other motion to strike out the other
sections.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to get one other
vote, and I hope without debate, in order that
the Committee on Finance may know exactly
what is the instruction of the Senate ; and that
is a vote upon the tax on corporations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To which sec-
tions does the Senator allude?
Mr. SHERMAN. Sections forty-four_ and
forty-five of the House bill, on pages 84, 85, 86,
and 87. It is the tax upon various corpor-
ations. I should like to have a yea and nay
vote on striking out those sections. I suppose,
as a matter of course, they will go with the
others, but at the same time I wish a distinct
vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Ohio wants a vote on striking out those sec-
tions before taking the question on perfect-
ing them as proposed by the Committee on
Finance. He reserves the right to perfect the
sections if they be not stricken out. The Sen-
ator from Ohio asks for a vote on striking out
sections forty-four and forty-five. The Secre-
tary will report the forty-fourth and forty-iifth
sections of the bill passed by the House of
Representatives, the right to perfectthem being
reserved. The question now is on striking them
out.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out the forty fourth and forty-fifth sections of
the House bill, as follows:
Sec. [ tlj 11. And be it furthrr enacted, That tliero
shall bo levied and collected a tax of three per cent,
on the amount of all interest or coupons paid on
bonds or other evidences of debt issued and payable
after more than two years fiomdate, by any of tlio
corporations m this section hereinafter enumerated,
and oil the amount of all dividends of ea,rnin£s, in-
comc, or ga ins liercat ter declared by any incorporated
bank, iruM. company, savings institution, insurance
company, railroad company, steamboat or steamship
company, canal company, turnpike company, canal
navigationcompaaiy, siackwater company, manufao-
tuniit* company, mining company, coal company.
company, and bridge company, whenever and where
everthe same shall be payable, and to Avhatsoevcr
poison thebaic may be due, ino! million on-residents,
whether citizens or aliens, and on all undivided profits
of any such corporation which hare accrued and been
earned and added t.o any surplus, contingent, fir other
fund; and every such corporation having paid the
tax as aforesaid, is hereby authorized to deduct and
withhold from any payment on account of interest,
coupons, and dividends, an amount equal to the tax j
of three per cent, on tlio same : and the pay uient to
the United States, as provided bylaw, of ihcauiount
ot tax so deducted from the interest, coupons, ami
dividends aforesaid, shall discharge the corporation j
from any liahihly for that amount of said interest,
coupons, or dividends, claimed as duo to any per-
son, except in eases where said corporations have
provided other wise by an express con tract: J'rani Jed,
That the tax upon 1 he dividends of insurance com-
panies shall not be deemed due until such dividends
are payable; and that the money returned by mutual
life insurance companies to their policy holders, and
the annual and scmi-annualinterestallowcd or paid
to the deposilors in savings-banks or savings institu-
tions, shall not be considered as dividends ; and that
when anj dividend is made, or interest as aforesaid
is paid winch includes any part ox the surplus or con-
tingent fund of any corporation which lias been as-
sessed and tho tax paid thereon, or which includes
any part of tho dividends, interest, or coupons re-
ceived from other corporations whose officer;, arc
authorised by law to withhold a per cent, on the same,
the amount of tax so paid ou that portion of the sur-
plus or contingent hind, and the amount of tax which
has been withheld and paid on dividends, interest,
or coupons so received, ma.v bo deducted from the
tax on such dividend or interest.
Sec. [45115. And be it further enacted, That every
person having the caro or management ot any cor-
poration liable to be taxed under the last preceding
section, shall make and render to the assessor or
assistant assessor of the district m which such per-
son has his office for conducting the business of such
corporation, on or before the 10th day ot the month
following that in which any dividends or sums ot
money become due or payable as aforesaid, a true
and complete return, in such form as the Commis-
sioner of Internal Kevenue may prescribe, ot the
amount of income and profits and of taxes as afore-
said: and there shall be annexed thereto a declara-
tion of tho president, cashier, or treasurer of the
corporation, under oath, that the same contains a
true and complete account of the income and proiits
and of taxes as aforesaid. And for any default in
tho making or rendering of such return, with such
declaration annexed, tho corporation so in delautt
shall forfeit, as a penalty, the sum ot 81,000; and in
case of any default in making or rendering said re-
turn, or of any default in the payment of the tax as
required, or of any part thereof, the assessment ana
collodion of tlio tax and penalty shall be in accord-
anccwith the general provisions of la.w in other cases
of neglect and refusal: Provided, rXhat m any ease
where the earnings anil profits of any corporation
mentioned as above, being in good faith applied to
the payment of the interest on its debts, shall be
insufficient to pay such interest, the tax to be re-
turned under the provisions of tins section shall not
bo required to be paid until such corporation shall
make lull payment of its interest.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These are the
two sections relating to the income^ tax on
dividends of corporations. The question is on
striking them out; and the Senatorfrom Ohio
demands the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I voted to
retain the income tax ; but it would be mani-
festly a gross injustice to retain this after
striking that out; for this is an income tax,
although it is levied in a different form. Some
parties have all their income from banks or
from railroads, having no other resources ; but
this mode was adopted to save expense in col-
lecting the revenue. These corporations pay
over the tax directly to the Treasury. Now, if
it is the fixed judgment of the Senate that, no
income tax should be levied, it would be a very
gross injustice to collect an income tax Iroul
a smaller portion of the people, and colleetit
without any exemption at all, even of §1,OCO,
of taxes, or of rents, or anything of the kind.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that the reason
why I have called for a vote on this question
is because I have no doubt that in a future
stage the Senate will be ealled upon to con-
sider the distinct question presented, in a dif-
ferent form; and, therefore, I wish a distinct
vote of the Senate on striking out the tax on
corporations. The Committee on Finance will
be at a loss what course to pursue. If the Sen-
ate has made up its mind deliberately to dis-
pense with the income tax, there is a likeli-
hood of disagreement with the House of Rep-
resentatives and a defeat of the bill. I have
had great doubt as to what course it is best to
pursue. The sentiment of the Senate being
against the income tax, that being manifest as
an independent question, I now want a vote
distinctly, and I want it in the nature of in-
structions from the Senate, whether they insist
upon the rejection of the income tax entirely.
If so, we shall then have to reorganize what
is left of the bill in order to save to the Treas-
ury the amount that will be lost by the repeal
of the income tax.
Upon this question I have not the slightest
feeling. I simply want to get at the fixed wish
of the Senate, because the bill will have to go
back to the House of Representatives with
our amendments, and in all human probability,
judging by the way in which the vote was east
in the House, almost three to one, the House
will probably disagree and throw the whole
thing open. My advice to the Senate then is,
if they intend to insist as a sine qua noil, as a
determined thing that they will not renew the
income tax, they had better strike out all the
rest of the bill, including the tariff sections,
and let the whole subject go to a committee
of conference.
It seems to me that is the only way we can
get at if; otherwise we shall have to take up
the matter in committee, and select some £18.-
000,000 proposed to be repealed by the tariff
