1976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
he made some outline drawings which were
approved by the present Secretary of the Treas-
ury and Postmaster General, who, by the way,
were neyer shown the plan which had been
approved, arid went to work to expend the
$200,000. And much to the surprise, I think,
of members of the last Congress—I think as
much to the surprise of the Committee on
Appropriations as of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads—we found when
we came here this winter that they had not
only expended the $200,000 thus appropriated
in that appropriation bill, but that they had
resurrected a balance of an old appropriation
made in 1856, amounting to $280,000 more,
which they had used on the foundations of this
building. That appropriation was made in an
appropriation bill for the purpose of purchas-
ing a site and building or refitting a building
for a post office in New York. It was not used
for the purchase of a site, but a portion of it
was used for fitting up the old Dutch church
there for a post office. There was yet an
unexpended balance of $280,000.
Now, that Congress never intended it should
be used for this purpose is shown by the fact
that subsequently, some two years ago, we
appropriated $500,000 to purchase a site inde-
pendent of that, which was all it cost. To
show that they never expected to use that
money for any such purpose you have only to
look at the fact that they did not commence
to build the building with the $280,000. They
waited until they should get a sort of an invita-
tion or intimation by a little appropriation in
an appropriation bill of $200,000 to " continue
the work," when they put this and that to-
gether; they dug up the other appropriation
of $280,000, which had been lying there for
fourteen years, and by some sort of manipula-
tion it was got out of the Treasury and put
with the $200,000 ; so that we find they have
expended $480,000 instead of $200,000. But
if you look at the book of estimates where they
estimate to continue the work, and tell you how
much has been appropriated for the work here-
tofore, you will find that they do not mention
the $280,000; they only .mention the $200,000
appropriated last year. 'Now,itisbythat kind
of hocus-pocus that your money is expended
on these public buildings.
[Here tho hammer fell.]
Mr. LO U GHRID GE. I wi lh d raw th e a m e nd -
ment to the amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. I renew tho amend-
ment to the amendment. 1 observe that the
gentleman from Illinois says " they" did this,
that, and the other, but he does not tell us
whom he means by "they."
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I mean the super-
vising architect of the Treasury. 1 said "they"
because the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sciiencic] has taken exception to it when 1
say "he."
Mr. STEVENSON. Oh, yes. I thought the
gentleman meant one person when he spoke
of many and it is a little singular that he should
use the plural when he means one.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not want to be
personal.
Mr. STEVENSON. Now, I deny that that
old appropriation was or could have been res-
urrected by this officer. No money can be paid
out of the Treasury on his order. It was done,
if done at all, with the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; and when the gentleman
makes these charges he had better have the
courage and firmness to lay them where they
belong.
And that brings me to another statement
which the gentleman from Illinois made this
afternoon. He says that the supervising archi-
tect of tho Treasury has made contracts with-
out the approval of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and he attacked especially those con-
tracts in regard to the New York and Boston
buildings. He is not correct in this statement.
I have in my hand certified copies of these
contracts for the granite, and each bears on
the back, plainly indorsed, the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury. Not only that,
but before they were approved by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury they had been examined
and found correct and indorsed by the Soli-
citor of theTreasury. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] says these contracts
are for an unwarranted amount of material.
The gentleman reads these contracts very reck-
lessly, or else he would find in them this pro-
vision :
"That the said party of the second part will well
and truly furnish and dolivcr at the site of said new
post office, at such times as may be directed by said
party of tho first part, all such stone as may be
required in the construction of said building."
All such stone as the Government may re-
quire of the party contracting. The Govern-
ment is entitled to all it wants at the price, and
the party contracting has no right to furnish
any amount whatever. It is a contract for as
much as the Government wants, at its option,
and without the right of the other party to put
in any quantity. Each contract also contains
in its body a provision that it shall be valid
and binding when approved by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and not otherwise, and no
departure from its conditions shall be made
without his consent.
I have stated these facts because I think the
charges made on the floor this afternoon go
back of this officer of the Government, who
is not even the head of a bureau, and who can
do nothing binding upon the Government
without the authority of the Treasury Depart-
ment, and make serious and grave charge
against the Treasury Department itself, now
tho most important Department of the execu-
tive branch of the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. DAWES. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. COBURN. I desire to oppose the
amendment 10 the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Cobubn] would, under the cir-
cumstances, withdraw his amendment.
Mr. COBURN. I will give a reason or two
why I think I should not withdraw my amend-
ment. Tho Committeeofthe Whole will readily
understand that this controversy in regard to
the character of Mr. Mullet, the supervising
architect of the Treasury, does not arise with
mo. So far as I know anything about him I
think ho means well. I have seen his drawings
and plans in his office, and have no doubt that
he is exact and accurate, requiring every stone
to be marked and numbered, and the expense
put upon it.
But the attention of this committee should
not be diverted from this question by any attack
made upon him, or any defense made of him.
His character and standing, and the attacks
made upon him, have nothing at all to do with
the merits of this question. This question must
rest upon its own merit, and that is whether
or not we are ready and willing now to add
$400,000 to $480,000, in order to construct
underground the foundation of this building.
Now, how much will it take to complete this
building if, according to the language of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
the sum of $880,000 will not bring it up to the
surface of the earth? You could not build a
very lofty building at that rate with two or
three million dollars. Why, sir, if we are to
continue going on at the rate at which these
gentlemen are working underground the gen-
tleman's most extravagant calculations will be
surpassed. He says we will not get the build-
ing to the top of the ground with $880,000.
Then how much will it take to carry the build-
ing three or four stories above the ground, as
the plans exhibited here by him would indicate
they intend to do ?
Mr. WOOD. Some of the pillars above the
ground are already there.
Mr. COBURN. We have had enough con-
tradictory statements from gentlemen who
pretend to b,e acquainted with this matter.
One gentleman says that $880,000 will not
bring this building above the ground. Another
gentleman says that they have pillars above
the ground. Slow it is time to stop this game.
We should find out what the facts are. If we
take the various statements of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farjjsworth,] the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] and
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,]
what can we tell about this thing? They
are all honorable men and equally credit-
able. Yet they have asserted in the hearing
of the Committee of the Whole to-day and
to-night some rather contradictory statements.
One says that the sum of $880,000 would not
build this structure up to the surface of the
earth; another says that there are pillars
above ground. Now, I suppose that the truth
is no one knows anything about this matter.
In view of that fact I do not feel justified in
withdrawing my amendment at this time.
This matter, I think, is of too indefinite and
uncertain a character to justify its being put
in this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Coburji, it was not agreed to; there
being—ayes eighteen, noes not counted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend by
adding at the end of the pending paragraph the
words "to be expended under the direction of
Hon. Calvin T. Hulburd."
Mr. Chairman, I desire that some man in
whom the country places confidence—some
man known to members of Congress as an
honest and thoroughgoing working man—shall
have charge of the expenditure of this money
until we may make some further provision by
law. Mr. Hulburd, by-the-by, is now in
charge at the place where this building is being
erected.
Mr. DAWES. I will say to the gentleman
from Illinois that Mr. Hulburd is now the
superintendent there.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have just made
that remark ; but he has no control over the
expenditure of the money ; he has no author-
ity to make contracts. What I desire is to
invest hitn with the authority now exercised
by the supervising architect of the Treasury
in the maidng of contracts. Mr. Hulburd is
now employed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury as a fit person to act as superintendent;
and the salary which he now receives would
not be increased if we should charge him with
the responsibility in reference to expenditures
and contracts. If the amendment be adopted
he will not handle the money any more than
he now does. The postmaster is the disbursing
agent of the Government there. I desire that
Mr. Hulburd, a gentleman well known as a
man of capacity and integrity, shall be clothed,
not only with the authority he now has to
superintend the work and the workmen, but
the additional authority to go to Dix Island
and see how the work is being done there. At
present he has no authority there whatever,
and there is where the great leak occurs.
Mr. WELKER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether Mr. Hulburd is not already act-
ing as superintendent of that building under
the authority and appointment of the Secretary
of the Treasury ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have made that
remark.
Mr. WELKER. Under his present appoint-
ment he can be sent to Dix Island or any other
place where it may be necessary for him to go
in connection with the business of the erection
of that post office.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; if gen-
tlemen are so very anxious that Mr. Hulburd
shall be retained in the performance of his
present duties, let them say so in this bill. I
