18
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 21,
Ho. op Reps.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Kerr.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The people of the South, on the other hand,
had the folly to believe that one southern regi-
ment could whip about five northern ones.
They met; they met as brave men always
meet; they fought as brave men always fight;
and, sir, when victory perched on either stand-
ard, after a well-fought field, respect animated
the heart of every soldier in either army for his
antagonist fighting under the opposite flag.
Such, sir,is not only the nature of the Amer-
ican soldier, but it is the history of all soldiers
throughout the world. And had this conven-
tion of General Sherman been adopted, and
had the sentiments of the Army—I speak of
the soldiers of the Army, the boys who carried
the muskets, who packed the knapsacks, who
fought the battles—had their sentiments, had
their wishes been carried out, this Union would
have been long since restored, the Constitution
would be to-day respected instead of violated,
and our glorious flag, instead of its stars being
dimmed and blurred, would long ere this have
floated over a united and free people.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask a question?
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Did I understand
the gentleman from Ohio to say that the sol-
diers of the late war approved of the conven-
tion entered into between General Sherman
and General Johnston?
Mr. MORGAN. I never saw a soldier of
the army of General Sherman who did not ?
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I am prepared
to say, and I was a member of that army, that-
I never saw in the army of the Cumberland a
solitary officer or private who did not unhesi-
tatingly condemn the convention made by
General Sherman with General Johnston.
Mr. MORGAN. The vision and sense of
hearing of the gentleman from Illinois were
doubtless then obscured and deadened as now,
consequently it is not difficult to imagine that
he did not sec or hear what he did not wish to
see or hear.
Mr. MUNGEN. Ifmy colleague [Mr. Mob-
gay] will allow me, I will say that I am person-
ally acquainted with some thousands of men
of the Armies of the Cumberland and Tennes-
see, and I have failed to find one who did not
indorse that convention. The men who were
prepared to follow General Sherman to the sea
or anywhere else with one voice declared that
he did right in making that convention.
Mr. MORGAN. My time has nearly expired
and I cannot yield farther. The gentleman
from Illinois will have time to address the
House to-morrow and I shall then listen to him
with great pleasure.
'I HIS UNION NOT UESTOIIED.
N"ow, sir, so intent were the party in power
to prevent the restoration of this Union, and
which they have succeeded in preventing dur-
ing five years of peace, so outraged were they
by the desire of General Sherman to have the
Union restored, that Stan ton and Hal leek issued
orders by telegraph to the generals in the field
not to obey the orders of Sherman, all covered
as he was by the halo of glory and renown.
And why were they ordered not to obey him ?
Because General Sherman desired to bring
about that for which every soldier fought, the
lesloration of the Union.
And what do we mean by the Union? Sir,
Russia has a union. Iler's is the union of a
despotism. ^Fiance has a union, but it is a
union, too, of a despotism. Austria has a union,
but it is the union of a tyrant. Thank God,
our fathers conceived no such idea of a union.
What we mean by a union is a confederacy of
states united in one government; each pos-
sessing within itself supreme power over its
own local affairs, aud recognizing in the Fed-
eral Government supremacy under the provis-
ions of the Constitution as to all affairs" which
concern all the States in their united Govern-
ment. Now, let me ask what is the distinction
between a despotism and a constitutional gov-
ernment ? I would like to ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Moore] that question. For
myself, I answer it by saying that a despotism
is a government wherein the powers of the
rulers are unlimited, where the despot does just
what he chooses ; while in a constitutional gov-
ernment the powers of the rulers are limited
and prescribed.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a remark or two ?
Mr. MORGAN. If they do not occupy the
time allowed to me I should be delighted to
hear the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I hope there willbeunani-
mous consent to allow the gentleman from Illi-
nois to offer the remarks he proposes without
his time being deducted from that of the gen-
tleman from Ohio. •
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there ob-
jection to the gentleman from Illinois being
allowed to address the House? The Chair
hears none, and the liberty is granted.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. This is the point:
I make the statement that I have not known a
soldier in connection with the Army of the
Cumberland who did approve the convention
to which you allude ; and as evidence of that,
year by year all these questions have been
before the American people, and year by year,
my friend, the decision against that which
you utter to-night by the American people
themselves at the ballot-box has been over-
whelming.
Now, as to the difference between a mon-
archical government and a constitutional gov-
ernment, you do not want me to explain it;
but I say that the people of this country have
sat in judgment upon these great questions
which you are pretending to discuss here to-
night, and at every election they have by over-
whelming majorities sanctioned the acts of the
majority in this Congress.
Mr. MORGAN. Yes , sir ; is the gentleman
through?
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. That is the behest
and will of the American people, spoken out
before all the nations of the world.
Mr. MORGAN. Has the gentleman done ?
Has he entirely done? [Laughter.]
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. For the present.
Mr. MORGAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
repeat my question to this honorable body,
what is the distinction between a despotic and
a republican government? And I would say
to the honorable gentleman who has just taken
his seat that a government may have two hun-
dred despots instead of one, and the govern-
ment which has two hundred despots is much
worse than the government which has only one :
because a government with two hundred des-
potshas two hundred hates aud two hundred
ambitions to gratify; and if the two hundred
should happen to be corrupt it would require
more plunder to satisfy the two hundred than
to satisfy one. [Laughter. ]
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Let rae ask the
gentleman one question. Are you willing to
be governed by the will of the majority oAhe
people expressed according to the Constitution
and laws of this country ?
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, I have pro-
found confidence in the integrity and patriotism
of the people, and it is that confidence which
caused me to utter the prediction, which the
horty-Second Congress will verify, that when
the roll of the House is called in that Congress
a Democratic majority will be found upon this
floor. I submit most cheerfully to the will of
the majority legally aud constitutionally ex-
pressed.
.^■r- -^-OORE, °.^ Illinois. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will say that I think he uttered
upon the stump through the State of Ohio a
similar prediction that just as certainly as the
ides of November came the great American
people would pronounce against the Repub-
lican party and in favor of Mr. Seymour and his
Democracy. I have just as much confidence
in the prophecies made by the gentleman to-
night as I had in those he made then ; and his
prophecies in reference to the Forty-Second
Congress are about as likely to come to pass as
did those in which he indulged in regard to the
result of the election when Grant and Seymour
were in the field.
Mr. MORGAN. I cannot recall predictions
which I may have made during the late presi-
dential canvass. As I most devoutly hoped
that the men who seem to be bent on the de-
struction of free institutions would be driven
from power, I may have predicted their over-
throw at that election. Butwhetherthat is so or
not, there was one prediction I did make which
my presence here to-night verifies. The last
time I had the honor to address this House in
the Fortieth Congress I did predict that in
vindication of their own rights the people would
send me back by an overwhelming majority,
and here I am. Nay, more ; in the Fortieth
Congress Ohio had only two Democratic Rep-
resentatives ; in this Congress she has six, and
we carried eight districts at the late election ;
and I make another prediction, that in the
Forty-Second Congress a majority of the Rep-
resentatives from Ohio will be Democratic.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. One word more.
Mr. MORGAN. No, sir; we must post-
pone further discussion until to-morrow morn-
ing, when I will listen to the gentleman with
pleasure.
Mr. Speaker, ours is a constitutional gov-
ernment. When we took our seats upon this
floor each one of us held up his hand before
high Heaven and in presence of the country,
and became bound—that, sir, is the language
ot the Constitution—to support that instru-
ment. Let me ask gentlemen on the other side
whether members of Congress are exempted
from_ the obligations of an oath ? And I say
to this honorable body, in our country's name,
let us obliterate that oath from the Constitu-
tion or let us obey it.
Reconstruction of Georgia.
SPEECH OF HON. M. C. KERR,
01? indiana,
Is the House of Representatives,
December 21, 1869,
On thG bill (S. Xo. 281) to provide for the reconstruc-
tion of the State of Georgia.
"Mf". KERR. Mr. Speaker, unlike some of
my friends on this side, I come to the consid-
eration of this bill with a painful conviction that
its discussion is useless for any result here, and
that cruel and infamous as it is it will inev-
itably pass, and this great wrong will be done
to the people of Georgia. That unhapny Com-
monwealth must be again prostrated an'd humil-
iated at the feet of Congress. Ever since the
process of reconstruction begun that State has
been the victim ofapack of heartless slanderers,
plunderers, and oppressors.
Why is this new attack precipitated upon it
with such indecent haste and zeal? Is it to
promote any public interest, or to establish
order, peace, and content in Georgia?' If so,
then the means proposed are most unnatural,
illogical, and absurd. Is it to secure justice
to the people of Georgia and the enforcement
oi the laws ? Then, too, there is a strange dis-
cord between the means and the end. Good
government cannot be established, nor the laws
faithfully enforced, norpopular content secured
by baa men, by dishonest and corrupt rulers,
by public defaulters, peculators, and robbers.
Such agencies never fail to produce the con-
trary results. This truth has been sadly real-
