1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4809
sections, and the sections that have gone be-
fore, as the tax on gross receipts, &c. We shall
have to savefrorn repeal about eighteen million
dollars, and the Committee on Finance will
be laboring under great difficulty in doing it.
My advice would be, therefore, as a means
of expediting the business of the Senate, if
they have made up their minds deliberately to
reject the income tax, to strike out the tariff
sections, as they are called, and let the whole
matter go to a committee of conference.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have been quite indif-
ferent to the action of the Senate on the income
tax, although I concluded, in view of all the
arguments for and against it, to vote for its
retention in the shape reported by the commit-
tee; but it has now been decided that it shall
be stricken out of the bill with the exception
of what is contained in these two or three sec-
tions. I think the Senate ought to be consist-
ent on this question ; and if it be wrong to im-
pose an income tax on one person or associa-
tion of persons, it must necessarily be wrong, it
seems to me, to impose an income tax upon
any other person or association of persons, and
so it appears to me that the Senate ought to
adhere to the decision it has already made, and
hold that there ought not to be any income tax
in the United States.
I shall be content with that decision; I do
not propose to quarrel with it. I think there
are many good and forcible arguments against
the existence of an income tax; but there are
also arguments upon the otherside of the ques-
tion. I have been of the opinion from the
beginning that our true policy was to drop this
income tax, and to drop all legislation upon the
tariff at this session of Congress, except per-
haps to make a free list, and make our bill for
the reduction of taxes a bill to reduce taxes
from the internal revenue, and as to the cus-
toms simply to create a free list and not under-
take in any way to regulate the tariff, to reduce
the taritf upon certain articles or to increase it
upon certain other articles. Although I belong
to the Finance Committee, and this bill has
been reported t'rorn that committee, and I
have concurred in tlie xeport because it came
to us from the House, and it seemed neces-
sary to do something about the matter, I
must confess that this is the merest kind of
tinkering with the tariff. We have picked
out a few articles in the tariff; some we have
reduced a little, and some we have increased
a little; and the consequence is that we have
excited everybody in the country on the ques-
tion of the tariff, and satisfied nobody, so jar as
I can understand. If there is anybody in the
United States that is satisfied with this report
of the Committee 011 Finance on the tariff I
have not found the individual; ho lias not
made his appearance in Washington.
It seems that it is regarded as making invid-
ious distinctions between diflerent kinds of
business and different localities and diflerent
individuals; and where we have undertaken
to reduce the tariff upon one article the oper-
ation seems to ramify itself through a great
many other articles, and excites complaint
on the part of many other individuals as to
the injury inflicted by this acton our part. So
far as I am concerned, I shall vote now to
strike out these other sections imposing the
income tax; and I shall move to strike out
the entire legislation in this bill upon the sub-
ject of the tariff, with the exception, perhaps,
of the free list, or some articles on the free
list.
Then this bill in that shape will reduce the
taxes of the United States some thirty orforty
million dollars; and I think if in one year
at this time we strike off by a single piece of
legislation thirty or forty million dollars of
taxes we can afford to wait in reference to the
tariff until we have time to perfect a system
of legislation upon that subject, to revise all
the tariff laws, and not undertake by this piece-
meal legislation to pick out articles here and
.here at the suggestion of interested individ-
uals who swarm around Washington and ask
us to act upon particular items. Instead of
doing that,, let us take up the tariff from begin-
ning to end when we undertake to legislate on
the subject, and legislate upon one item in
reference to other items, for this tariff is a
matter where the different provisions are so
intertwined with each other in the business of
the country, that it is almost impossible to
legislate upon one part of the subject without
affecting every other part. Now, since the
decision is made by the Senate that the income
tax shall be repealed, I hope that coarse will
be pursued, and then we shall have a simple
piece of legislation without any complication
about it, striking off from the internal revenue
taxes thirty or forty million dollars by simply
repealing the laws by which these taxes are
imposed, and repealing other laws by which a
tariff is imposed on certain articles. That will
be a simple plan, easy to be understood by the
whole people of the country and by all the
Departments, and we shall accomplish in that
way what the people desire and what we are
attempting to do, and that is, a reduction of
the taxes.
These are my views. Whether they will com-
mend themselves to the Senate or not of
course the Senate will decide ; but these have
been my viewsfrom the beginning individually.
I think that this would be our better course,
for it seems to me impossible for us at this tune,
with all the legislation crowding upon us at the
end of the session, to undertake to legislate
upon the tariff and do justice to anybody or
satisfy any portion of the people.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Mr. President, much in
the suggestions of the Senator from Oregon
commends them to me. The Senator says,
aud the mail I receive morning and night cor-
roborates his statement, that the time, the
occasiou, and the experiment which has been
made are far from satisfactory to those vari-
ously interested in the tariff. ITe says truly
that the tariff presents a difficult question, a
question not likely to be disposed of satisfac-
torily before the expiration of the present ses-
sion; a subject which, when dealt with, should
be so treated that it may stand for more than
a vacation of Congress. To accomplish this
or hope for it we must have deliberation.
The urgent purpose at this moment is to
dismiss taxation so as to alleviate the public
burdens; and of course the first question is
how, within given limits, that alleviation can
be made greatest. I shall not stop to argue
that consumers of articles which they buy vol-
untarily, those who pay a tax upon nothing
except"as they choose to buy aud consume it
with their eyes open, are less afflicted than
1 those who, w'ithout their own consent and with-
| out reference to how much or how little they
j consume, are absolutely charged with taxes;
: but 1 submit to the Senate that popular relief
will be most found in those taxes to which the
people only of late have been accustomed, and
which moredirectly, moreabsoluteiy bear upon
those who pay tlieiu.. If I am right in this,
then, adopting the suggestion of the Senator
from Oregon, if we address ourselves to dis
missing internal revenue taxes we gain several
ends. °First, ior the time being, if I may say
so we flame an awkward and complex cjues-
tion ; we get rid lor the time being ol questions
touching the tariff, which, to be satist'aelorily
treated, must be treated with more delibera-
tion than now remains to us.
If therefore, adding to the free list the arti-
cles which it may be thought best to put there,
we leave the tariff substantially as it is we
i save lor the time being, an inconvenient and
| inopportune time, a troublesome question witu
i which we shall not deal wisely or well now.
! In the second place, by dismissing internal
1 taxes we open the way to disband an army ol
1 office holders, an army such as the Declaration
of Independence referred to as an army which
eats out our substance ; officials distasteful to
the people, not only by reason of their num-
bers and their presence, but of their official
character; tax gatherers not only, but spies
and informers. The income tax and other
special taxes once ended, these officers will,
many of them, no longer be needed, and the
taxes remaining will be more thoroughly col-
lected.
Again, if we dismiss taxation until we are
able to pay the current expenses of the Gov-
ernment, the interest on the public debt, and
the $25,000,000 devoted to a sinking fund, and
then have nothing left in the Treasury, we shall
attain a result greatly to be wished, which I
know of no other way of attaining. We shall
restrict and curtail appropriations, which can
be done certainly in no way except by so
reducing the receipts of the Treasury that neces-
sity will admonish both Houses that they must
restrict appropriations. When there is no
money we shall not spend. When there is
money we shall spend. No matter what may
be the principal of the public debt, no matter
what may be the interest account, so long as you
have in the Treasury a surplus above absolute
requirements, so long the attempt will be made
in vain rigidly to curb appropriations. We can
then do three things: postpone to a better time
the complicated question of the tariff; dismiss
an army of office-holders, and at the same time
put up the only effectual bar against excessive
appropriations in the future, and at the same
time ease the shoe of taxation where the pinch
is greatest.
Mr. President, if we may do this the task is
comparatively simple. It will require less
talent and learning than is represented upon
the Committee on Finance to select internal
taxes for dismissal, which will leave but a few
objects of taxation, which will transfer to the
free list such articles as the honorable Senator
from Vermont, and other Senators who have
given attention in that regard, think'should go
there ; thus furnishing a brief and compara-
tively simple bill, which, for the time being,
wiil dispose of this whole question.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I was not
surprised at the vote that we have had here
this morning. I have expected^ it for some
time; but nevertheless I regret it deeply. I
regret it as a mistake in every point of view.
Whether we consider it in regard to public
sentiment, whether we consider it in regard to
public justice, whether we consider it in re-
gard to what is due to the great mass of the
people, and especially to the great mass of the
poor people of this country, I regret it as a
mistake and a great mistake.
Mr. DRAKE. A blunder.
Mr. MORTON. Ay, it is a blunder, and
that in politics is called a crime; but I will
not so designate it this morning—that would
not be respectful; but I do designate it as a
blunder, and such a one as legislators rarely
commit.
Now, Mr. President, what have we heard?
We have heard that in consequence of this
vote we shall defer the farther consideration
of the amendment of the tariff, that we shall
let that go over to a more convenient season;
and what is the argument that is made in favor
ot continuing the tax upon the great neces-
saries of life, letting it stand as it has stood?
What is the argnment? It is that people are
not compelled to bu}'; that they buy these
things voluntarily; and therefore they volun-
tarily pay this tax. Sir, the people must live;
they must have the means of living ; they must
have wherewithal to drink and to eat and to be
clothed. These are the necessaries of lite;
and because they will buy them, you say it is
proper to tax them; and because they do it
voluntarily, they voluntarily incur this tax. _
Now, Mr. President, I am opposed to strik-
ing out these tariff sections; I am opposed to
deferring the consideration of the question of
lightening the burden that falls on the great
mass of this people. We have now taken off
some $20,000,000 of taxes that fall upon peo-
ple, four hundred and ninety-nine out of live
