1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1033
Mr. DRAKE. The bill might have been
passed before this time, and the Senator who
has the attention of the Senate at this time
consented that I might move to take it up as |
a matter of personal me- Q
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia objects to the motion ot
the Senator from Missouri. ...
Mr. WILLEY. If the Senator from Mis-
souri," knowing the circumstances and the state
of the case as I have stated it, says that he
asks it as a personal favor, I have nothing to
*ar. I cannot resist that kind of appeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de*
sires to have this point made by the Senator
from West Virginia in regard to the Friday's
of this session while this order shall last settled,
as it is important. The Chair will read the
phraseology of the order adopted by the Senate:
" That every Friday during the present session of
the Senate, after the morning hour, be set apart for the
consideration of business coming from the Committee
on the District of Columbia, the Committee on Pen-
sions, the Committee on Claims, the Committee on
Patents, and the Committee on Private Land Claims,
in the order in which said committees are herein
named."
That seems to indicate that it was the inten-
tion of the Senate that these committees should
have precedence, in the claims to the floor for
business, in the order in which they are named;
that is, the District Committee to get through
their business, if it lasted one or two Fridays;
and then the succeeding Friday the Committee
on Pensions, and the Committees op Claims,
on Patent*, and on Private Land Claims, going
around in regular order on Fridays, as in the
House of Representatives on private-bill dayB.
If that is the intention of the Senate, the Chair
wilt rule hereafter that motions to take up
other business shall not be entertained except
by unanimous consent; but he wishes to know
what is the desire of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY and others. That is the
desire of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If that is the
desire of the Senate, the Chair will rule here'
after that Friday, after the morning hour, shall
be after the Senate commences the considera-
tion of the bills of these committees reserved
for them in the order in which they are named,
the Senate understanding that Friday is to be
reserved for this business.
Mr. SUMNER. What determines tire order?
I have reported from the Committee on Foreign
Relations two bills that come nnder that class.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That committee
is not included in the list of committees spe-
cifically named for Friday. There are five
committees, and five only. Unless there shall
be some dissent, the Chair will then rule, as
the order seems to intend, that this business
shall be made the special order for Friday after
the morning hour, and when the Senate com-
mences the consideration of the bills of these
committees, they Bhall not be interfered with
except by unanimous consent, each committee
taking its order.
The Chair now understands that the Senator
from West Virginia withdraws his objection to
the motion of the Senator from Missouri. If
there be no objection the motion of the Senator
from Missouri is before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear what the bill
is before wekaow whether we object to it or not.
The Secretary. " A bill (S. No. 327) for
the relief of William H. Murphy, of Farming-
ton, Missouri."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Read the text pf the bill.
Mr. DRAKE. There is a report from the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
accompanying ft..
Mr, CONKLING. Let us bear the bill read
first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported before the question is put on taking
it up.
The Secretary read the bill. It authorizes
and directs the Postmaster General and the
proper accounting officer of the Treasury to
settle the account of William H. Murphy for
carrying the United States mails twice a weeh
on the route No. 10680, in the State of Mis-
souri, from July 1,1862, to April 30,1864, and
to pay him for the same at the rate of $900 a
year for the whole length of route, deducting
therefor pro rata compensation for any portion
of the service not performed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us hear the report
read, that we may know why this claim is made.
The Secretary read the following report,
sabmitted by Mr. Ramsey, from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, on the 27th
of January:
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred; Senate bill No. 3Z7, for the relief
of William H. Murphy, of Farmington, Missouri,
having had the same unaer consideration, beg leave
to report that the petition of the said Murphy was
acted upon by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads of the second session of the Fortieth
Congress and a report made thereon, which report
this committee adopts and herewith presents to the
fiensto i
That William H. Murphy, of Farmington, Missouri,
in answer to an invitation of the Postmaster General
to carry the mail on post route No. 10686, from Fred-
ericktojrn Court-House to De Sotol in the State of
Missouri, a distance of fifty-five miles, proposed to
carry the said mail once a week at tho rate of $592
per annum. The following is & copy of the adver-
tisement inviting said proposals: •
"10686. From Fredericktown, by Mine La Motto,
Cross Roads, Locust Ridge, Farmington, Big River
Mills, Hazle Run Mills, and Avoca, to De Soto,
fifty-five miles and back, twice a week. Leave Fred-
ericktown Monday and Thursday at eight a. m.,
arrive at De Soto next days by twelve m. Leave De
Soto Tuesday and Friday at one p. m., arrive at Fred-
i ericktown next days by six p. m. Bids for one
: trip a week only invited." . . .
The claimant was notified by the Post Office De-
Sartment of the acceptance of his bid, under date of
.pril 24,1862, and after being so notified proceeded
; to perform the service, in order to avoid the statu -
: tory penalties imposed upon- bidders failing to make
] their bids good.
Upon the receipt of tb« bond, subsequently, he
discovered that he would he-requirod to tarry the
mail twice a week;, but after protesting against this
requirement by letter to the Department, he signed
the said bond to avoid the legal penalties, and ex-
pecting from Government a j ust and proper oompen-
i sation for the additional services required.
| The claimant was naturally misled by the last
! clause of the advertisement, its want of punctua-
! tion giving it the meaning placed upon it by him,
! and leading fairly to the conclusion that the con-
tractor would be required to carry the mail but once
In proof of such a construction being placed upon
' it by him, he furnishes the depositions of Milton
Sebastian and Lewis JF. Cundiff, who were present
at the time of the making out of the bid, and one of
whom assisted him in making an estimate of the cost
of carrying the Said mail on the basis of its carriage
but once a week. _.-r
It appears from a letter of that Second Assistant
Postmaster General that the service was curtailed,
at the contractor's request, te begin at FarmingtOB,
twenty miles less distant, at a reduction of $241 per
annnm, from September 80,1863, and the Service on
the remainder of the route was discontinued April
30,1864, and one month's pay extra on $351 allowed,
as usual in such cases.
The distance traveled to carry the mail on the said
route was, for round trip, about one hundred and
ten miles. .
From the communication of the Assistant Post-
master General it appears that the lowest bid for
the twice-a-week service was $900 per annum, which
sum the committee, in view of the long distance
traveled and Of the fact off the claimant's- being
misled by the note or last clause of the: advertise-
ment, would recommend as the basis of calculation
for the equitable compensation of the claimant, and
for that ohieet report the accompanying bill, for the
payment of this claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill is before the Senate' as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
now if there is any recommendation or report
from the Post Office Department in relation to
this claim. If I understand this cass it is
simply this: a contractor says be did not un-
derstand the advertisements properly, and he
introduces the deposition of somebody to prove
that he did not understand the advertisements
made by the Post Office Department.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will give
way I will move to postpone the farther con-
sideration of this bill. I did not suppose it
would lead to any debate.
Mr. DRAKE. The whole matter can be
explained in two minutes.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think there is. a report
from the Postmaster General among the papers
recommending this claim.
Mr. DRAKE. The bill was reported at the
last session and passed by the Senate, and is
now reported again favorably by the Post
Office Committee.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought we were to
have a report of the Postmaster General in
favor of this claim read. I understood there
was such a report as that, and if there ia [
should like to hear it.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a communication
from the Department among the papers, I
think.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not got through
with my statement. If we cannot get that report
I wish to apprise the Senator from Missouri of
what seems to me to be the objection to the
bill. I know nothing about the case except
what appears by this report, and I have no
objection to the private claim if it is proper.
It seems to me that all the information we get
from this report of the committee is the state-
ment that the bidder did not understand the
maii-lettings properly, and he furnishes evi-
dence of that, and that he bid for carrying the
mail supposing he was only to carry it once a
week, when the advertisements required him
to carry it twice a week; and now because he
misunderstood it he wants the Congress of the
United States to make up the difference in
payment between the two services.
Mr. DRAKE. That is vefy" far from being
a correct statement.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, if the Postmas-
ter General furnishes evidence' that there was
that misunderstanding on .the part of the Post
.Office Department it seem$ to me that would
make a ease) bat if the Postmaster General,
when this, mab came to execute his contract
and exoute his bond to perform it, told him
he would have to perform this service twice a
week, and he executed his cobtrwt and exe-
cuted his bond with that understanding, I do
not .see what claim he has on the Governm en t.
Mr. DRAKE. . The Senator from Illinois
is manifestly in mistake about, this matter,
. .Mr, TRUMBULL. Let .the report be read.
J4r. DRAKE. The Post Office Committee
of the Senate of the Fortieth Congress went to
the Post Office Department—I thank tho Sena-
te* from Iowa [Mr., HablawI m*de the invest-
igationH-andfeund all tfrefoetsin the Post Offioe
Department, and they told him there that it
was proper that this allowance should be made,
but they cpuld not allow it without a resolution
of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL; Let that report be read,
and then I shall have no objection, to the bill.
Mr. DRAKE. That wee not stated in writ-
ing here. That was the information obtained
by the sub-committee of the Post Office Com-
mittee that went to the Department in relation
to the subject.
. Mr. EDMUNDS. There is nothing of the
kind ia the report of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. 5ARLAN. I remember thi« case was
examined when I was a member of the Com'
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
that I examined it personally} but I cannot
now remember all my sources Of information.
I became thoroughly satisfied that this bidder
-thought he was bidding for * service for Once
a week only, and Was not that f?re^ter
service would be required of him,until after
he had made.all bis arrangements to c&rry the
mail but once a week, and had actually began
the service and performed a part-ofthe service
before the bonds and other papers came requir-
ing him to carry the mail twice.a week, which
is double the amount he supposed he was bid-
ding for. In order to ascertain whether there
was any sham about this I remember now that
I did examine at the Post Office Department
