1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
to ascertain whether anybody else had bid at
a rate something near that at which he had
bid for twice a week, and ascertained that the
lowest bid far twice a week was nearly double
what he had bid at for once a week. The com-
mittee, on the report I made, directed this bill
to be reported, authorizing the Department to
pay him for the service twice a week at the
lowest rate at which anybody bid at the time
for that amount of service.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Department after-
ward diminished the length of the route twenty
miles.
Mr. HARLAN. The bill provides for that
so as to make a deduction in the $900 in pro-
portion to the diminution of Bervice afterward
ordered. There can be no doubt that this claim
is just. There is none in my mind.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me understand the
Senator, whether this was the ordinary printed
contract to carry the mails which the claimant
signed.
Mr. HARLAN. He bid on the ordinary
printed advertisement, which says "bids are <
invited for once a week.'' He bid under that ;
understanding on his part that he would be '
required to carry it once a week, and that !
appears from the printed advertisement wjjiich
is copied in the report.
Mr. CONKLING. And afterward he signed 1
the contract ? ;
Mr. HARLAN. He signed it because he
had given bonds to fulfill the contract, and,
began the service before the bonds came, or
before he could have a hearing at the Depart-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. Then this, if I under-
stand it, is a case somewhatordinary. I say that,
among other reasons, because quite recently a
constituent of mine has called my attention to
such a case of his. The contracts are not
printed. They call for a service once a week,
and they provide as you know, Mr. President,
better than I, being more familiar with it, that
there may be additional service, if trains on a
railroad, for example, go more than once a day,
or if certain other contingencies named in the
contract should happen. Now, this claimant
bid intending a service of once a week. When
the contract came, it specified a greater service
than that, and he signed the contract; and now
he asks to be paid by a rule of compensation
different from that called for in the contract.
I had not supposed that that was a case for
relief; but, on the contrary, have ad vised in
other cases that it was not an instance in which
Congress would grant relief. I should like to
hear the communication referred to from the
Post Office Department read, in order to see
how this case is distinguishable from other
such cases.
Mr. RAMSEY. I find that I was not correct
in my information in saying that the Depart-
ment had recommended the payment of it.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, is there anything
from the Post Offiee Department which distin-
guishes this from other cases in which upon a
bid of service for once a day or once a week
a contract is signed calling for greater service ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Upon an inspection of the
invitation to bid it can be easily seen how
readily this man was deceived and how any
one might be deceived. Here it is:
"10686. Prom Fredericktown, by Mine LaMotte,
Cross Roads, Locust Ridge, Farmington, Big River
Mills, Hasle Run Mills, and Avoca, to De Soto, fifty -
five miles and back, twice a week.
"Leave Fredericktown Monday and Thursday at
eight a. m. Arrive at De Soto next days at twelve m.
Leave De Soto Tuesday and Friday at one p. m.
Arrive at Frederioktown next days by six p. m.
" Bids for one trip a week only invited."
This misled the insn. It was a mere horse
mail. He travels some fifty-five miles twice a
week, and for that you would give him but
$400. That would be manifestly unjust.
Mr. CONKLING. The point which I should
like to present to the honorable chairman of
the Post Office Committee is this: if this man
bid for once a week he was not bound, to save
his penalty or for any other reason, -to sign a
contract different from that. Having volun-
tarily signed a contract calling for service twice
a week, how is it that he comes here now and
asks to be paid by a rule not provided in the
contract which he signed ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I yielded the
floor to allow this bill to be taken up. In the
first place, the Senator from Missouri made a
demand of me which was improper; and sec-
ondly, I improperly yielded to him. After this
day had been assigned to District business it
was not proper that the Senator should make
that appeal to me which he did on such a bill
as this. I committed just as great an error and
was just as much in the wrong in yielding. I
now move to lay this bill on the table.
Mr. DRAKE. Oh, no; do not move to lay
it on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN. You can take it from the
table at any time.
Mr. DRAKE. Move to postpone it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, I move to postpone
its further consideration until to- morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON HOMEOPATHIC SOCIETY.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 226.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 226) to incorporate
the Washington Homeopathic Medical Society.
It proposes to make Tullio S. Verdi, Gustave
W. Pope, C. W. Sonnenschmidt, E. S. Kim-
ball, and Jehu Brainerd, their associates and
successors, physicians, a corporation by the
name of the Washington Homeopathic Medi-
cal Society, with all the powers and privileges,
and subject to all the duties, liabilities, and
restrictions of such corporations.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with an amendment, to strike
out in section five, lines nine and ten, the fol-
lowing words:
. Shall be qualified for membership, they shall
receive the approbation of the society.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following
words:
Without exception on account of color shall be
qualified for the practico of medicine and surgery,
they shall receive the certificate of membership or
the license to practice medicine or surgery within
the District of Columbia.
So as to make the section read:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the members
of saidsooiety, or such of their officers or members as
they shall appoint, shall have full power and author-
ity to examine all candidates for membership con-
cerning thepractice of specific medicine and surgery,
provided said candidates shall sustain a good, moral
character, and shall present letters testimonial of
their qualifications from some legally authorized
medical institution; and if upon examination the
same candidates, without exception on aocount of
color, shall be found qualified for the practice of
medicine and surgery, they shall receive the certifi-
cate of membership or the license to practice medi-
oine or surgery within the District of Columbia,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to further amend
the bill by striking out in section four, lines
four and five, the words " like other members
of other medical societies enjoying equal rights
and privileges so that the section will read:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the members
of said society, or such of their officers or members,
shall have the power to practice medicine and sur-
gery and collect their fees within the District of
Columbia.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
PAYING AND SEWERAGE OF U STREET.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 399.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
| as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
I consider the bill (S. No. 899) to authorize the
' paving and sewerage of M street, Washington,
District of Columbia. The bill proposes to
appoint the mayor of Washington, the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, and William
Stickney, Wilson E. Brown, and S. H. Kauf-
man, of the city of Washington, commissioners
for the purpose of paving and sewering M
street north, between New York and Vermont
avenues, who are to serve without, compensa-
tion ; and all vacancies occasioned by death
or resignation, or otherwise, are to be filled by
the supreme court of the District of Columbia.
To enable the commissioners to carry out the
purpose of the act, they are to have the same
power now conferred upon the corporation of
the city of Washington, to levy a tax upon the
property fronting on M street sufficient to pay
for the paving and sewerage, which shall be
collected in the manner now prescribed by law,
and when so collected, the amount thereof is
to be paid over to the commissioners. They
are to have the power of directing the manner
of putting in the gas and water pipes on the
street within the points mentioned. The cor-
poration of Washington is to pay for paving
and sewerage of the space occasioned by the
cross streets and alleys and such alleys and
streets as may abut against M street, without
crossing it, are to pay the same rate as if the
same was private property.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MAIL STEAMBOAT COMPANY.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 430.
The motion waa agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 430) to incorporate
the Washington Mail Steamboat Company.
Charles Spear, Paul Stevens, W. H. Tenney,
William L. Wall,William H. Philp, George H.
Plant, J. L. Savage, D. C. Forney, H. Kil-
bourne, S. P. Brown, Alexander Ray, A. H.
Herr, John Pearson, and their associates and
successors, or a majority of them, are created
and constituted a body politic and corporate,
by the name aud style of the Washington Mail
Steamboat Company. The capital stock of the
company is not to be less than $250,000 nor
more than $500,000, to be divided into sharesof
$100 each. The company is authorized and
empowered to establish and run a line or
lines of steamers between the cities of Wash-
ington and Norfolk and other ports.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there in this proposed
charter no provision in reference to the liabil-
ity of stockholders, and no provision in refer-
ence to the payment of any percentage of cash
for stock? I did not hear any. I inquire of
the honorable Senator how that is ?
Mr. HAMLIN. The bill, as I understand,
incorporates the parties named in the bill, and
holds them liable to the amount of the stock
which they severally subscribe.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no such section,
I think.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let the bill lie on the table
for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the chair.) If there be no objection, this
bill will be laid on the table for the present.
KOLLING-MILL IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 159.
The motion was agreed to; atid the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded^ to
consider the bill (S. No. 159) to aid the build-
ing of a rolling-mill in the city of Washington.
By the bill four hundred feet square of res-
ervation seventeen, in the city of Washington,
on the west side of Virginia avenue and the
east side of the Washington canal, are to be
donated or leased for the term of thirty years
to Thomas McNamara, as a site for a rolling-
mill and nail-factory, for the purpose of manu-
facturing and rolling iron in all of its various
branches, and for no other purpose, and a title
