4810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
hundred of whom would not feel them, and we
propose to make it up by levying the tax upon
tea and coffee and sugar just as it is, a tax that
falls upon the poorest in the land almost as it
does upon the rich; and this is called justice!
0 Justice! how many—I will not say crimes-
how many blunders are committed in thy name!
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, after con-
sulting in an informal way such members of
the Finance Committee as are present, I pro-
pose to postpone the further consideration of
the bill until Monday, at one o'clock; and I
ask that it may then be considered as unfin-
ished business. In the mean time, the Com-
mittee on Finance will devote to-morrow and
see whether they can submit a proposition to
the Senate to strike off the tariff sections,
or to restore a portion of the taxes already
repealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome
roy in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio
proposes to postpone the further consideration
of this bill, and that it be set l'or Monday next
by unanimous consent.
Mr. BAYARD. Before that motion is con-
sidered I ask that the amendment, of which I
gave notice yesterday, to take the place of
section thirty-five, be printed.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Ohio if he proposes to abandon the effort to
continue any tax upon incomes? Does he
regard the decision of the Senate as final on
that point?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like in some
way to learn whether it is final. I will slate
to the Senate that I desire to know*wliether
this vote is a final vote or not, if there is any
way to get at it. We shall send this bill to the
House of Representatives. I infer from the
vote already cast in the House—indeed, I may
say I have no doubt that they will insist upon
this modification of the income tax, which was
passed there by a yea and nay vote of three
to one, after a long discussion. Then the bill
will come back to the Senate on a disagree-
ment between the two Houses. I do not want
the Senate to take a position and then abandon
it. If they intend what they have just voted,
and mean to stand by the discontinuance of the
income tax, well and good ; the Committee on
Finance will endeavor to do the best they can,
either by dropping off the tariff sections, or by
restoring some of the taxes that we proposed
to repeal; say by restoring the tnx on gross
receipts, or on some other things already acted
npou, such as licenses. But it is necessary for
the committee to have time to get together and
talk the matter over before we can tell what
course to advise.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator wishes to
have another vote, of the Senate, that can bo
had on a motion to reconsider.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts make that motion ?
Mr. SUMNER. I am perfectly willing to
make that motion, in order to have a full ex-
pression.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion to him? 1 ain told,
but I have not looked myself—another Sen-
ator has mentioned it to me—that had the
two Senators from New Jersey been here,
both opposed to the income tax, there would
then have been a clear majority of all the
members of the body voting against that tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from New York
will allow me to say that I think there are
Senators here—I do notwish to mention names,
who, when they understand that the question
is on the continuance of the income tax or the
restoration of some other taxes, may deem it
proper to change their votes.
Mr. CONKLING. They may, of course.
The Senator from Ohio has referred twice to
the feeling of the otiier House, it is rather
an irregular thing to talk about, I know.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 referred to the vote.
Mr. CONKLING. From that the Senator
argues. I hope I shall be excused for saying
that for some days past this subject has been
matter of conversation in my hearing by a
good many members of the House, and I have
no idea that there is in the House the feeling
which the Senator from Ohio ascribes to that
body. Very far from it. I do not think that
one of the insuperable difficulties we shall en-
counter will be a disposition on the part of the
House to set on its feet again the income tax.
Mr. WILSON. I think the vote of the Sen-
ate was given with a full understanding of the
whole question. It does seem to me that it
will not be necessary to abandon the tariff part
of this bill, and that we can afford to add to
the reductions we propose to make so much as
is given up by dispensing with the income tax.
I amtoldby the Commissioner, who has studied
this question pretty thoroughly, that we can do
so ; and from the slight examination I have
given the subject, and the comprehension I have
of it, I believe we can do it, and that it will
not be necessary to abandon the reduction on
tea and coffee, nor will it bo necessary t,o do
more than to abandon what the committee has
proposed to do on two or three small articles,
where we can save four or live million dollars;
and I must confess I did not see the necessity
for repealing those taxes at all.
I hope the bill will go over until Monday,
that the committee will take time and make
a thorough examination, and report to us pre-
cisely what they can do in the matter. I think
the vote of the Senate should not bo reconsid-
ered. "We should stand where we are, and let
the committee report to us what they can do,
and if they must retain any special part of the
bill then the matter will come up with addi-
tional light on it, upon which we can act.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I do not con-
cur with the Senator from Massachusetts in the
position that he has just taken. 1 do not con-
cur with him in the probability that the vote
just now taken was taken with a full under-
standing of the whole question. It might have
been with a full undoislandmg of the whole
question of the rate of tax and whom it bore
upon ; but it was probably not with a full un-
derstanding that it is probably the most fatal
vote to the Republican parly of this country
that has been recorded in the Senate of the
United States, if it shall be persisted in. Sir,
this party cannot lace before the people of the
United States the continuance upon the statute-
book of taxes which touch every man and
woman in the United States, in order to get
rid of a tax which only touches two hundred
and sixty thousand people in this country, and
they almost altogether the lich of the country.
No party can stand that, and I take leave to
say that no party ought to stand it before the
people of this country.
Now, if the Senate is so intent upon gratify-
ing this outcry of the two hundred and sixty
thousand against a tax that falls upon them
that it will continue taxes that fall upon all the
rest of the forty millions of this people, let
them go on and do it, and then attend the
funeral of the Republican party.
Mr. President, I spoke advisedly, at least to
my own mind, when I interrupted the Senator
from Indiana a little while ago with the inter-
jection of the word ''blunder'' as character-
izing the vote this morning. Never whs there
a greater political blunder, in my judgment,
made by any political party in this country, or
at least by the Republican party. Sir, we have
been the champions of the downcast and the
! oppressed, and of the many against the few;
I and now we change front to make ourselves in
our taxation the champions of the few against
. the great multitude of this nation. I hope that
there will be wisdom enough left in the Senate
to reconsider that ill-considered and ill-starred
vote that they have given this morning, and
let the country see that this party, as repre-
sented on this floor, is still the champion of
the multitude, and not the champion of the few.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I hope
that the Senate will not be driven from its pro-
priety or to a reestablishment of the income
tax by the alarm which seems to be crcated by
the remarks of the Senator from Ohio, that it
will be necessary now, when we refuse to con-
tinue the income tax, to impose higher taxes
upon something else. I apprehend there is no
occasion for that. I see no necessity for col-
lecting more than $100,000,000 annually be-
yond what is needed to pay the interest on the
public debt and all the expenses of this Gov-
ernment. I think if we collect money enough
to pay the expenses of an economical admin-
tration of the Government and the interest of
the debt, and a very small portion upon the
principal of the public debt, so far from the
Republican party being endangered by such a
policy it will give strength to that party.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the permission of
mv friend, I wish to refer to one fact. Upon a
reexamination of the figures by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, carefully looked over by
me—I can give them in round numbers now—
it is found that we can afford to repeal but
$77,000,000 of taxes at the outside, and leave
enough for the purposes named by him.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to hear the
Senator from Ohio. We arc very anxious to
hear all that he says on this subject, but we do
not hear one word.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say, then, with the
leave of my friend from Illinois 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 shall occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate but a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was about to give the
figures; but I can do it afterward. I believe,
upon consideration, I would rather have the
papers before me and give the exact figures to
the Senate ; but I assure the Senator that add-
ing the present income from internal revenue,
the income from customs, and the income
from miscellaneous sources, from public lands,
and then deducting the appropriations that
have been made or are sure to be made, accord-
ing to the estimates submitted to us, and
the interest on the public debt, and one per
cent, of t.ha principal, leaves only a margin of
$77,000,0(10.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Ohio whether that includes
the House bounty bill, appropriating, as it is
supposed, about nineteen millions, and also
the pension bill for the soldiers of the war of
1812 which has passed the House ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. If all these
new matters are added, as a matter of course
that will reduce the margin very much more.
We have allowed only for the payment of the
interest and one per cent, of the principal of
the debt under the law, and it leaves but
$77,000,000. To that extent I am perfectly
willing to go for the repeal of taxes. Beyond
that we cannot go. The bill as it stands, as it
passed the House, repealed taxes to the amount
of about seventy-six million dollars. Tiie offi-
cial papers giving the figures are on your files.
The bill of the Senate repealed about seventy-
four millions, and you will observe that we
have restored some of the items. Both bills
contemplated the continuance of a tax on in-
comes that we estimated to yield $17,700,000.
So that if we repeal all the faxes proposed to
be repealed by the Senate committee, and
§17,000,000 of income tax in addition, it would
leave an actual deficit in the public revenue
of something like fifteen million dollars. Now,
I take it no Senator is willing to vote for a tax
biil that will manifestly make a deficit during
the next fiscal year, because although our re
ceipts may somewhat increase bythe advancing
prosperity of the country, yet our expenses
will also increase in the same ratio.
The Senator from California [Mr. Coi.n]
says we have a large surplus in the Treasury ;
but that is entirely nrovided for by provisions
made now by law for the redemption of the
three per cent, certificates and by other float-
ing liabilities.
1 merely desired to make this frank state-
