1978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
$12,000, and that was introduced into the de-
ficiency bill of last spring-, there having been
no appropriation made during the regular ses-
sion of last winter. Two years ago Congress
made our sessions biennial and doubled the
pay of the members of the two houses and of
theofficers. There were thirty-nine members,
for whom there was required an increase of pay
of $7,000 for each period of two years. The
increase of pay of the clerks of the two houses,
and the doorkeepers, and the sergeants-at-
arms was $1,200 more, making the total in-
crease for the biennial session ยง8,220. This,
added to the appropriation made annually
for the last ten years, would have given us
an additional $8,000, making $20,000. But
this still leaves us without a solitary dollar
for public printing ; and I have asked in this
amendment the amount which the Comptroller
certifies has been the average amount for years
past and nothing more. If you take the amount
of appropriation and compute the extra pay
which the members receive under the biennial
session system you will find that we lack just
about the amount of $6,000. This I ask for
printing, and it is no more than what has
been granted for ten years past. I ask noth-
ing for extras, and I trust this will be granted.
The law of Congress requires the secretary
of the Territory to contract for printing. He
made that contract last fall. The work has
been performed and the money is honesLly
due.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. In behalf of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations I wish to ascertain from
the gentleman whether it is proposed that any
of this $G,OOOshall be expended to pay the bill
for reprinting the laws of Washington Territory
which were vetoed by Governor Flanders at
the last session of the Legislature ?
As I understand it, the Territory of Wash-
ington had nearly exhausted the edition of its
current statutes, and desired that they should
be reprinted at the expense of the General
Government. As there was no appropriation
out of which this could be done the Legisla-
ture passed the laws intabody, without chang-
ing a date or a word, running tliem through
the mill one after another, and they were set
up at the printing office from copy as torn from
the statute-book. When this immense mass
of laws so reiinacted went to the Governor of
the Territory he vetoed them, giving as his
reason that it was not a reiinactment of laws,
but simply a design to give ajob to the public
printer at the expense of the General Govern-
ment.
Now if, as I understand it, this ยง0,000 is to
be used to pay those bills, then I am opposed to
it and the Committee on Appropriations are
opposed to it; but if these are the ordinary
expenses of the printing of the Territory, not
involving that transaction, those expenses which
are ordinarily incurred by Territories, then it
would present another aspect. But 1 think
from the amount of the appropriation asked,
$6,000, that certainly a part of it is to pay
these printers for setting up for the use of the
Legislature these statutes which had been
printed before. I ask the gentleman to give
us a direct answer to these questions before
we can vote intelligently in favor of the prop-
osition.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I trust
the Committee on Appropriations will not
oppose this amendment, particularly as the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] the
sub-committee on this bill, agreed positively
that I should have a hearing before the com-
mittee on this question before the bill was
reported; and he forgot it and went to Ohio.
I do not blame him at all, but he overlooked it.
The fact is this: if you look in the book of
estimates you will see that the secretary made
an estimate of $12,000 for printing. That was
designed to cover the matter that the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] has alluded
to. I went to the Treasury Department and
ascertained, as that letter shows, the precise
amount which has been customary for years
past. I cut down the secretary's estimate one
half, and I only ask for the amount which has
been customary for years past, and which will
barely cover the printing of laws which the
Governor has approved and which have be-
come the law of the Territory. I do not pro-
pose one dollar for printing that extra matter.
1 should like to explain it here, but there is
not time, and it is not necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To pay claim of T. P. MoEIroy for balance due
him forpublic printing during the fiscalyear ending
June oO, 1867, $3,844 34.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in after that paragraph:
To pay for printing and binding the laws and jour-
nals of tho last session of the Legislative Assembly
of Dakota Territory, and for the incidental expenses
of the office of the secretary of said Territory, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For salary of surveyor general of Montana, $519 23;
for rent of his office, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, $1,400.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out "$1,400" and
inserting "$900; " also byadding to the para-
graph the words, "and for clerks in his office,
$500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following was read :
For salaries of clerks in tho office of the surveyor
general of Minnesota, $650.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to amend tho
paragraph just read by striking out " $650"
and inserting "$1,300."
Mr. ALLISON. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following was read :
For rent of building on Cr street, corncr of Eighth
street, from the 8th day of May, 1869, until tho 1st
day of June,1870, at an annual rental ofnot exceed-
ing $10,000, to be determined by the Secretary of the
Interior, such sum as may bo necessary is hereby
appropriated.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out "8th of May"
and inserting " 16th of April."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following was read:
Jail in tho District of Columbia:
To pay salary of warden of the jail in the District
of Columbia for portion of the current year, $700.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to insert after
the paragraph just read the following:
To pay .Tames B. Ilubbell for the construction of
Fort \V. T. Sherman and other buildings attached
thereto, for tho Blaekfeet, Blood, and Piegan tribes
of tho Blaekfeet nation of Indians, in Montana Ter-
ritory, as per contract with \V. J. Cullen, United
States special agent, dated October 7, 1868, balanoe
duo on settlement, ยง11,792 51.
This item has been estimated for and recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Interior, as
will be seen by reference to Executive Docu-
ment No. 148. The Secretary particularly
recommends this claim to be paid. These ser-
vices were rendered under a special contract
with the Interior Department for the erection
of those buildings. The work has all been done,
and the vouchers have passed through the Inte-
rior Department and through the Treasury
Department. 1 send to the Clerk to be read
a letter of Mr. French, the Second Auditor, in
regard to this claim. There is no doubt about
its justness; it has been adjudicated and set-
tled, and the question is whether it shall be
paid now, as it should be and ought to be, or
whether it shall be paid at some other time.
I ask the Clerk to read the documents I send
to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Secoxd Auditor's Office, March 12,1870.
Sis: In reply to your note of this morning con-
cerning the account of James B. Ilubbell for build-
ing Fort W. T. Sherman and other buildings attached
thereto, I have the honor to transmit a copy of a let-
ter from this office to Mr. Ilubbell, of February 18,
1869, upon the settlement of his account for $37,000,
showing that the sum of $25,207 49 would then be
paid, and the residue of the account, say $11,792 51,
would be paid when an appropriation applicable
thereto should be made by Congress.
Respectfully,
E. B. FRENCH, Auditor.
Hon. M. S. Wilkinson,
House of Representatives. United States.
Treasury Department,
Second Auditor's Office, February 18,1869.
Sir: The sum of $25,207 49, in part of your account
of $37,000 for the construction of Fort W. T. Sher-
man and other buildings attached thereto, for the
Blaekfeet Indians, in 1868, has been allowed.
So soon as it can bo paid you will be notified by
the Secretary of'thc Treasury.
The residue of tho $37,000, say $11, <92 51, will bo
paid when an appropriation applicable thereto is
made by Congress.
E. B. FRENCH, Auditor.
James B. Hubbell, esq., City of Washington.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have submitted this
claim and the papers relating to it to different
members of the Committee of Claims, and I
have not learned from any one of them that
there is any opposition to it. There is no
objection to the claim; it has been adjusted in
the Treasury Department and in the Interior
Department. It is a debt due from the Gov-
ernment which must be paid at some time.
Mr. DAWES. I have no knowledge that
justifies me in opposing this amendment. It
is, however, to pay one of the many claims
which we have to pass upon where the con-
tractor has exceeded the appropriation, and
there is a balance to be appropriated. From
the papers presented before the Committee on
Appropriations this morning, in the absence
of a quorum, it appears that this claim lias
received the sanction of the Department. I
know no reason why it should not be paid
except this habit of going beyond the appro-
priation and coming in in this way and getting
an extra appropriation to pay the balance. I
have no knowledge beyond that which would
justify me in opposing this amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I un-
derstood the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
AVji.kinkon] to speak of this claim being shown
to the Committee of Claims and examined by
them. Now, this is the first I have ever heard
of the claim.
Mr. WILKINSON. Excuse me ; I said I
presented it to several members of that com-
mittee, not to the committee itself.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman means the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes; I mean the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, not the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know any reason
beyond what I have stated why this amend-
ment should not be adopted.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to say just one
word more. These services were performed
under a written contract and in pursuance of
a contract. The party did not exceed the terms
of the contract.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Who
made that contract?
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. Cullen, the special
agent, and it was approved by the Committee
on Indian Affairs. The services have all been
rendered according to the terms of the contract.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment moved by Mr. Wilkinson
was then agreed to.
Mr. CAVANAUGII. I move to amend by
inserting the following immediately after the
amendment just adopted on the motion of the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson:]
To pay outstanding indebtedness on account of
Indian scrvice in the Territory of Montana, as the
same is represented by duly certified vouchers now
ou file in the office of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, the sum of $10,845 54.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to state that this
claim stands in cxactly the same position as
that provided for by the amendment of the
gentleman from Minnesota. The vouchers
have been passed through the Interior Depart-
ment, through the offices of the Auditor and
Comptroller, and Mr. Parker; the Commis-
