20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Kerr.
41sx Corn 2d Sf.ss.
according to law for any such offense. The
supremacy of the United States acts upon
individuals, not States; upon the personal
offender, not upon the State of which he is a
citizen. The punitive power of the Federal
Government must be exercised and exhausted
against the individual. If a State can be sub-'
jected to the perfidious treatment proposed in
this bill for the offense in question, then, by the
most logical sequence, the same results might
follow the commission by any of its citizens of
any other crime, or even disobedience, against
the laws of the United States.
Th.e Constitution elsewhere declares that—
"JTo State shall enter Into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation; grant letters of marque or reprisal;
ooin money; emit bills of credit; make anything but
gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts;
pass any bill of attainder, ex poet facto law, or law
impairing tlje obligations of contracts, or grant any
title of nobility."
It inhibits in equally specific terms the doing
of many other things by the States. Yet every
lawyer knows that many of these limitations
upon their power have been disregarded and
violated at times by many of the States. They
have, perhaps, all at one time or another en-
acted various kinds of laws violative of these
prohibitions.
The most celebrated example in our day is
furnished in the legislation of the State of
Missouri. That State in its new constitution
inserted provisions which were in legal effect
ez post facto laws and bills of attainder ; but
this was done in the interest of Radicalism,
and therefore did not excite the attention or
wrath of Congress. But when those infamous
enactments were denounced as unconstitu-
tional and void by the Supreme Court, and
were condemned as tyrannical and inhuman,
that tribunal was visited with the bitter anath-
emas of Congress, and well nigh lost its rightful
jurisdiction, if not its existence.
These prohibitions are against the States as
: ni-h, while those in the third section of the
fimiteentli amendment are only against the
"person;" yet no court, jurist, statesman,
political preacher, or even cross-roads politi-
cian. ever had the hardihood or ignorance to
claim that for any of these acts of vicious and
unconstitutional legislation Congress could
deal with any State as this bill proposes to deal
with Georgia; that Congress could depose the
government of the State, annul by congres-
sional declaration its laws, set aside its consti-
tution, and submit its people, property, inter-
ests, liberties,welfare, to the merciless control
of a set of public enemies, cormorants, and
plunderers. But this bill proposes to do these
tilings, although the disability is expressly
limited to the person.
Mr. Speaker, this bill is only one of a class
having in view a general and deliberate pur-
pose which, in my judgment, is the complete
overthrow and subordination of the judicial
department of the Government to the Con-
gress, the consolidation of the Republic into
nn empire, the clothing of Congress with om-
nipotent power—power to dominate over and
dictate to every other department of the Gov-
ernment, to silence judicial criticism of their
conduct and laws, to manacle the Executive
and to defy the people. This bill usurps judi-
cial power. Every legitimate purpose avowed
in the bill can only be properly accomplished
through the agency of the judiciary. If any
person or officer in Georgia has violated any
law let him be prosecuted, condemned, and
punished according to the requirements of
the Constitution and laws; but let not Con-
gress constitute itself a high court of Star
Chamber to condemn without a hearing, to
execute without trial, to punish upon its own
caprice, passion, or whim. Let it not approach
and entrap the citizen in the cunning meshes
of an odious, lawless, and inquisitorial test-
oath alike violative of the true principles of
civil liberty and of the express injunctions of
the Constitution.
Mr. Speaker, let us examine briefly the
character, extent, and spirit of the Oath re-
quired by this bill to be taken by every mem-
ber of the Georgia Legislature whose alleged
disabilities have not been removed by act of
Congress. It reads as follows:
" Ido solemnly swear (or affirm, as the casemay be)
that I have never held the officeor exercised thedu-
ties of a Senator or Representative in Congress, nor
been a member of theLegislature of any State of the
United States, nor held any civil office created by law
for the administration of any general law of a State,
or for the administration of justice in any State or
under the laws of the United States, nor held any
office in the military or naval service of the United
States, and thereafter engaged in insurrection or
rebellion against the United States, or gave aid or
comfort to its enemies, or rendered, except in conse-
quence of direct physical force, any support or aid to
any insurrection or rebellion against the United States,
nor held any office under or given any support to any
government of any kind organized or acting in hostility
to the United States or levying war against the United
States. So help me God, (or on the pains and penal-
ties of perjury, as the case may be.")
This test-oath is in palpable violation of the
Constitution both of the United States and of
Georgia. It is reckless usurpation to impose
such a test on the members of a State Legis-
lature, or any officers of a State whatever.
The only oath they can be legally required by
Congress to take is the usual oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, and by
their own States they may be required also to
take an oath to support the constitution thereof
and the usual oath for the faithful perform-
ance of official duties. But this cruel oath
denounces exclusion from all offices against
every man who, "except in consequence of
direct physical force," "lias held any office
under or given any support to any govern-
ment of any kind organized or acting in hos-
tility to the United States."
Now it is held that every southern State was
so organized. But those State organizations
were the only civil governments in existence
for the protection of life, society, civil liberty,
property, the young, the old, the insane, the
helpless, the loyal, the innocent, and to pre-
vent the absolute wreck and dissolution of
society. The imperfect civilization and half-
developed humanity of the Middle Ages never
adjudged citizens to bo criminal or worthy of
punishment, or even of political disfranchise-
ment or other disabilities, who had given sup-
port to such a government. On the contrary,
it has been held alike by publicists, jurists,
and courts that such support to civil govern-
ment as necessarily results from mere mem-
bership of society is not only not criminal, but
is in law and in sound morals rightful, proper,
and innocent.
Because civil war prevails it does not follow
that it is the imperative duty of all men, women,
and children to break up civil society and order,
go back to a state of nature, anarchy, and
strife, in which superior brute power shall
determine all questions of right. So it has
always been held that the performance of the
duties of such civil offices as pertain to the
maintenance of civil government and order, the
administration of justice, the protection of life,
property, estates, and successions is not wrong-
ful or treasonable; so several of the courts
organized under congressional reconstruction
have of late decided. Yet for all these things
this oath would exclude men from office in
Georgia; not for these alone, but even for the
payment of taxes to the government of the
State during the war, for service on its juries,
for work on its highways, or for an/'other
harmless and proper service to society, although
it had no direct connection with the war unless
it was rendered "in consequence of direct
physical force."
A citizen of Indiana or of Maine might sub-
ject himself to the proscription of this oath by
the mere payment by his agent in the South of
the usual taxes on property he owned there and
thus disqualify himself, on the infamous theory
of this bill, to hold any Federal or State office.
Why reqpire this indiscriminate proscription ?
This admits of but one answer. It is necessary
in order to make sure the success of the vile
schemes of the oppressors of Georgia. There
must be no failure in their wicked purposes.
The corrupt and hated Governor, under whose
unrighteous rule the people mourn and cry
aloud for protection, must be backed by all
needful power, whether it be legal or physical
in its nature, however arbitrary and monstrous
in its character. He and his associates must
be permitted to grind and plunder the people
and the treasury unxil their ambition, cupidity,
lust, or malice shall have been fully gratified.
This bitter cup is now presented to Georgia.
Next it may be forced upon some State now
reposing in the fancied security of assured self-
government. Georgia must be compelled to
ratify the fifteenth amendment, although utterly
disapproved and loathed by the free judgments
of its citizens. It is a mockery of all intelligent
free agency to call such action the ratification
of a constitutional amendment. It is nothing
of the kind; it lacks every element of voluntary
self-ehoice. It is only the ratification by Con-
gress. Quifacitper alium, facit per sc. He
who does a thing by the agency of another does
it himself. The part taken in it by Georgia is
performed under duress as complete, irresist-
ible, and criminal as that under which any such
act can be done. Georgia is thus practically
enslaved, and then made the unwilling agent in
contributing to enslave others. Thus Congress,
not the States, ratifies amendments proposed
by itself, changes the form of the Government,
and deepens and widens the foundations of its
own omnipotence. Where it cannot apply direct
physical power the Republican party shrinks
from no device, art, trick, or fraud to accom-
plish the same ends. In my own State a dis-
graceful evidence of this truth was given by the
Republican members of its General Assembly
last spring in the pretended ratification of the
fifteenth amendment. My distinguished col-
league in the other end of the Capitol, one of
the chief authors of this bill, [Mr. Morton,]
approved and justified if he did not advise
that revolutionary and faithless conduct. To
declare such action a ratification is to elevate
fraud and perfidy above obedience to law and
official oaths.
After a few more acts of like violence and a
few more forced ratifications the emergencies
of your party will demand a congressional dec-
laration that the fifteenth amendment is a part
of the supreme law of the land, and then will
speedily follow a new brood of partisan enact-
ments to regulate elections in the States, take
them out of the control of the States them-
selves, prescribe who may vote and when and
where, and thus complete the cherished work
of State destruction, congressional supremacy,
and republican absolutism.
Gentlemen attempt to inflame and mislead
the judgment of the country by alleging the
existence of disorder and lawlessness in Geor-
gia. If some does exist there is it matter of
just surprise or indignation ? Can such rulers
complain ? Are they not estopped by their
own base conduct and characters to raise their
voices against their outraged people,'one of
whom occasionally follows too closely their
own example ? But I deny that the people of
Georgia are law-breakers, or deserve any such
indiscriminate denunciation as they receive
from the majority of this House.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] and others have read to the House
violent extracts from certain papers, of which
the Atlanta Intelligencer is one. But do they
not know that that paper is owned by Bullock,
purchased no doubt with the money of the
people of Georgia, which ought now to be in
