1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1035
in the usual legal form is to be made to him
for the same. McNamara is to commence the
improvement named within one year and com-
plete the same within three years from the
passage of the act, and if he or his legal repre-
sentatives fail to do so, then the square is to (
revert to the Government and the act to be j
V°The Committee on the District of Columbia '
reported the bill with a* amendment, to strike
out lines three, four, five, and six, in the fol-
lowing words:
That four hundred feet square of reservation
seventeen, in the city of Washington, on the west
side of Virginia avenue and the east side of the
Washington canal, be donated or leased for the
term of thirty years to Thomas McNamara.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That the Commissioner of Public Buildings be,
and ho is hereby, authorised to lease or sell to
Thomas McNamara, on such terms as may be just,
four hundred feet square of reservation seventeen,
in the eity of Washington, on the west side of Vir-
ginia avenue and on the east side of Washington
canal.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
j)&ssed«
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read: "A bill to
authorize the sale or lease of a certain piece
of real estate in the city of Washington.'
elizabeth carson.
Mr. HAMLIN. There are two other bills
on the Calendar which I suppose will lead to
debate. I do not, therefore, propose to call
the attention of the Senate to them to-day, and
the Committee on Claims and the Committee
on Patents, which are next in order, can now
occupy the time.  
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Business from the Com-
mittee on Claims is next in order.
Mr. HOWE. There are some bills pending
before the Senate from the Committee on
Claims. There happens to be but one of those
bills which was reported by myself, and I do
not care to call the attention of the Senate to
that bill to-day. There are bills reported by
the Senator from Kentucky £Mr. Davis] and
the Senator from West Virginia, [Mr. Willey,]
and one reported by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scott.]
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the bill for the
relief of Elizabeth Carson be taken up. It is
a bill that passed the Senate at the last Con-
gress and went to the other House, but failed
there for want of action. It has been referred
to the same committee at the present session,
and they make a similar report to the one
made last session.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 449) for the relief of Elizabeth Carson was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for pay-
ing Elizabeth Carson, of Bourbon county, Ken-
tucky, the sum of $2,630 40, in full satisfaction
for subsistence, use of jail, fuel, fire, care, and
attention furnished by her to conscripts, de-
serters, and rebel prisoners confined in the jail
of Bourbon county, Kentucky, by the military
authorities of the United States in the years
1862, 1863,1864, and 1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate withoat
amendment.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Is this the same bill
which was considered once before in the Sen-
ate?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; it is the same bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have it
explained.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to have it
explained also. The explanation on the for-
mer occasion, as far as I remember it now,
was not altogether satisfactory.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the reading of the
report made by the Senator from West Vir-
ginia.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Willby, from the Committee
on Claims, on the 27th of January:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Elisabeth Carson, praying compens-
ation for subsistence furnished to prisoners con-
fined in the Bourbon county jail, in Kentucky, by
order of the military authorities of the United States,
from August, 1862, to the latter part of 1865, having
considered the same, beg leave to report:
That this committee had this case under consid-
eration during the Fortieth Congress, and then made
a report thereon, which, upon reconsideration, they
now report, as follows: .
That Mrs. Carson is a widow, residing m Bourbon
county, in the State of Kentucky, and was from
August, 1862, to the latter part of the year 1865, the ;
keeper of the j ail in said county; that during that !
timo the military authorities of tho united btates
then stationed in said county took control of said
jail as a military prison, and compelled her to furnish ,
subsistence for consoripts and lor deserters from the i
United States Army, and prisoners taken from the
rebel forces; that during said time she furnished
subsistence, amounting in all to forty-three hundred
and eighty-four days' subsistence, for prisoners
placed in said jail by said military authorities; that
said authorities never paid a cent therefor; that
said petitioner kept an accurate account of the
number of days' subsistence thus furnished, which
is filed with her petition, with evidence of the jus-
tice and truth thereof; that she also claims compen-
sation for fire furnished in the prison for a portion
of said time, and also for fuel furnished to the guards
around the jail, and also for rent for said jail; and
her charges for subsistence are at the rate of sev-
enty-five cents per day, and for fire thirty-five cents
per day, which were the rates allowed by law in
that jau for keeping persons confined therein, under
the civil law. Her total claim,, thus made out,
amounts to the sum of $4,618 70.
Upon examination of the facts and upon consid-
eration of the case the committee are of opinion to
allow her sixty cents for each day's subsistence,
making the sum of $2,63040 in full discharge of her
account. Accordingly they report the accompanying
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Kentucky, who reported
this bill, what right Mrs. Elizabeth Carson has
to receive pay for the use of the public jail of
which she was the keeper. This bill provides,
in terms, that a part of this sum is to be paid
for the use of that jail.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It says so.
Mr. DAVIS. I will remark, in explanation
of the bill, that I did not report it.. The case
was not before me. ' It was before the honor-
able Senator from West Virginia, who exam-
ined it very laboriously and very accurately.
The charges which Mrs. Carson made were
according to the rates of prison charges by the
laws of Kentucky. The committee reduced
those charges to the cost of the subsistence and
fuel furnished.
Mr. WILLEY. We did not allow for the
fuel.
Mr. DAVIS. I will thank the honorable
Senator himself to explain the bill. He re-
ported it and understands it.
Mr. WILLEY. I reported^ this bill at the
last Congress, and have examined the subject
again, the papers having been referred to me
for that purpose during this session. The facts
are as stated in the report. I do not know how
I can more plainly state them than they are
stated in the report. The facts are that the
military authorities in the vicinity of the jail in
Bourbon county, Kentucky, took possession
of the jail while this lady had it in custody as
keeper of the jail under the civil authorities,
and forced her, under threats of being turned
out of the custody of the jail unless she did so,
to subsist United States conscripts, rebel pris-
oners, and disorderly soldiers of the United
States. The account is very fully made out
day by day, as long as two yard-sticks, of each
day's subsistence. There is also an account
made out for fire furnished^ not only in the
jail, but outside of the jail to the guards
around it. There is also an account made
out for the rental of the jail. The commit-
tee excluded all allowance for fires outside
of the jail; they excluded all rental for the
jail; they diminished the price which the State
authorities paid for keeping prisoners in that
jail from seventy-five to sixty cents, and sim-
ply allowed her for so many days'..subsistence
at the rate of sixty cents a day, and nothing else.
If there be anything inconsistent in the bill
it is owing to the use of terms to exclude the
idea that she may come in hereafter for any
claim for those matters which the committee
rejected, to wit, furnishing fuel and fire to the
fuards outside, and also rental for the jail,
ly recollection now is that I drew the bill so
as to make this, which the report shows to be
confined exclusively to compensations for the
day's supply of food to the prisoners in the
jail, exclude any claim hereafter for rental of
jail or for anything furnished outside of the
jail, and in the terms of the bill to exclude her
from coming in for any other claim hereafter
in any other respect whatsoever. The proof
shows a very hard case. The testimony is very
clear that she did subsist these troops; that
; she did it under threais, under compulsion;
and the bill allows her a per diem, subsistence
less than the amount the State gave for the
keeping of prisoners.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend from
West Virginia what were the sources of inform-
ation of the committee ? Have we any docu-
ment from the War Department showing the
statements of the officers in command there as
to their view of the circumstances under which
this jail was occupied ?
Mr. WILLEY. We have no documents from
the War Department showing that any reports
of these things were made to the War Depart-
ment, and the claim could not be paid at the
War Department on that account; but we have
the evidence of the officers themselves that
they did subsist prisoners there under their
own authority, ana we have abundant evidence
that they were subsisted there. We have the
evidence of the clerk who kept the account
that every day charged is just, and we have
such evidence outside of that as can leave no
doubt that the number of days' subsistence
was actually furn'shed to the prisoners de-
scribed in the report made by the committee,
and that this subsistence was furnished under
compulsion ; and the committee believing that
this same subsistence would have had to be
furnished if it had been drawn by-proper orders
upon the commissary of subsistence in due
form, conclude that the Government is entitled
and bound to pay for the subsistence of these
prisoners. It it had not been obtained in
this way they would have had it from some
other source, perhaps through theregularmode
of procuring it; and the Government is bound
in equity and right to pay for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that the officers in command there
testify before the committee, either by affidavit
or otherwise, to the fact that this woman fur-
nished subsistence under their orders?
Mr. WILLEY. Theydo. The prisoners were
placed there under compulsion by direction of
different officers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not speaking of the
prisoners being placed there. That is a fact
undoubtedly; but the question is whether these
officers state in the form of testimony that they
required this woman to furnish the subsistence ?
Mr. WILLEY. Some of them do; and the
testimony is perfectly clear of parties present
when these officers did come and say 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am speaking of tbe
officers in command.
Mr. WILLEY. Some of them do ; I do not
know whether they all do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Po those same officers
make any explanation of their not having g|*en
proper vouchers for payment at the VV ar
Department? .
Mr. WILLEY. That is the difficulty. That
is the reason application is made,to Congress
for
Mr. EDMUNDS. How does the officer who
gives this testimony for her benefit explain his
omission to give vouchers?
Mr. WILLEY. There is no explanation
given. They cannot give any explanation, I
suppose. I understand that the Senator from
