1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2923
Mr. SCIIENCK. We cannot proceed to
any other business.
Mr. KELSEY. I hope we will get through
with this to-night.
The motion of Mr. Hooper, of Massachu-
setts, was not agreed to.
After the lapse of some miuutes,
Mr. SCHENCK said: I move that the war-
rant of the Speaker be issued to compel the
attendance of members who have not been ex-
cused from attendance by order of the House,
and that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to
bring them to the bar of the House to-mor-
row at one o'clock, at which time their cases
shall be disposed of; and that all further pro-
ceedings under the call shall be dispensed with
in the mean time, except for the disposition of
the cases of those thus brought to the bar.
Mr. PETERS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman to modify his motion, so as to avoid
the expense on the part of the Sergeant-at-
Arms of going out of the city for absent mem-
bers. Let his motion be confined to those
members who are iu the city, and who are
absent without leave.
Mr. ALLISON. The Sergeant-at-Arms can
exercise some discretion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I more that all further
proceedings under this call be dispensed with,
except so far as relates to the disposition of the
cases of those absent without excuse; and as
to those I move that the warrant of the Speaker
be issued, and that those absentees be brought
to the bar of the House to-morrow at one
o'clock.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under this call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
to dispense with all further proceedings under
this call takes precedence.
Mr. SARGENT. I would suggest that after
those members who happened to be but a few
moments late and who were found by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms at the doors of this Hall have
been fined ten dollars each we ought not now
to dispense with all further proceedings under
this call, and thereby let off those who have
not even left their residences to come here
to-night.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] suppose that
these fines are not going to be all remitted? I
did not suppose any member could be green
enough to suppose that.
Mr. SARGENT. I understand that by the
rule of the House enforced to-night by your-
self, Mr. Speaker, no one who has been fined
will be recognized to address the House or to
make a motion, or vote, until his fine has been
paid.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They will all be
remitted to-morrow, every one of them.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr. SARGENT. A motion to reconsider
the votes imposing the fines has been laid on
the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well,- I can
move to-morrow to remit the fines; that would
not be a reconsideration.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman could not
do that without unanimous consent, and if I
am present, as I intend to be, I will object.
Further, these proceedings must not be turned
into a farce. They should be seriously meant
to enforce the right of the House to have the
attendance of its members, and as far as I am
concerned they shall be.
Mr. BECK. I ask that my colleague, Mr.
Thomas L. Jones, be excused for not being
in attendance here to-night, although present
here during the day for the last two days. But
he has been sick for the last two weeks, and
is really not able to be out of his room at
night, and hardly in the day-time.
The motion to excuse was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Logan, to dispense with all further pro-
ceedings under this call. |
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 would inquire of the
Chair whether it would be competent for us
to proceed with any other business in the mean
time if we dispense with further proceedings
under the call?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that if either the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan-] or the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] shall be adopted, it will then be
competent to proceed to the consideration of
other business.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Logan, that all further proceedings
under this call be dispensed with ; and it was
not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Schenck
Mr. SCHENCK. I will withdraw the
motion for the nresent, as I see two or three
prisoners at the V>ar. [Laughter.]
The Sergeant-at-Arms again appeared at the
bar, and announced that in pursuance of the
order of the House he had in custody and now
presented at the bar Mr. Eldridge, Mr. Hale,
and Mr. Shobek.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Eld-
ridge, you have been absent from the session
of the House without its leave. What excuse
have you to offer ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, this is the
first time 1 have been caught in seven years. 1
came here to-night and found the doors closed.
I went all around the House trying to get in
and could not find any place where 1 could
get iu.
A Member. You did get in. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. At last it occurred to me
that I might find the Sergeant-at-Arms. I found
him, and he conducted me into the House. I
am here, and, in the language of Henry Winter
Davis, who is now dead and gone, I can only
say "pecccvi."
Mr. HAIGHT. I move that the gentleman
be fined ten dollars.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Hale,
you have been absent from the session of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer ?
Mr. HALE. I have not, Mr. Speaker, as
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
has, any extensive experience in this House
to go back on. He says that this is the first
time he has been caught in seven years. I can
only say that this is the last time I shall be
caught for seven years to come.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Having paid my fine, I
suppose I have the right to speak. I wish
to say that I hope the gentleman will not be
here seven years from now, unless he changes
his politics. [Laughter.]
Mr. PETERS. As my colleague [Mr.Hale]
is young, I move that he be excused on the
payment of five dollars.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no ; I do not plead youth.
Mr. JUDD. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman at the bar was interrupted before he
had finished his statement.
Mr. HALE. Well, I have not any more
definite excuse to give than that I was some-
how or other a good deal longer in getting
here than I expected to be when I started.
[Laughter.]
Mr. GR1SW0LD. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Peters] so as to make the fine ten dollars.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
motion, as amended, was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Shober,
you have been absent from the session of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer?
Mr. SHOBER. Mr. Speaker, when I was
about to start to come to the session of the
House to-night I was met at my lodgings by
an old friend, whom I had not seen for many
years, and who wished to see me on some spe-
cial business. We were in conversation for
some time; and on coming to the House I
found that the call had proceeded thus far. I
sought the Sergeant at-Arms fit once and came
in.
Mr. STILES. I move that the gentleman
be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CESSNA. I move that the gentleman
be discharged on the payment of the cost. lie
has been a member for a few days only.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend so as
to provide that the gentleman be excused on
the payment of ten dollars.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
motion as amended was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms again appeared at the
bar, and aunounced that, in pursuance of the
order of the House, he had in custody, and
now presented at the bar Mr. Arnell.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Arnell,
you have been absent from the session of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer?
Mr. ARNELL. Mr. Speaker, I have two
excuses to offer. The first is that I was thor-
oughly disgusted with the manner in which the
tariff bill was being treated by the House. The
second excuse I hold in my hand—a ten-dollar
note. [Laughter.]
Mr. FITCH. I move that the gentleman be
fined fifteen dollars for being "disgusted" with
the tariff. [Laughter.]
Mr. BENTON. I move to amend so as to
provide that the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Arnell] be excused on the payment of
a fine of ten dollars.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
motion as amended was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before renewing my mo-
tion, I will inquire whether there are any other
prisoners that can be brought to the bar now?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Sergeant-
at-Arms informs the Chair that the messengers
are out for others; but none are now ready to
be brought to the bar. Does the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] renew his motion?
Mr. SCHENCK. I would prefer to sus-
pend, so as to dispatch this whole business, if
possible, to-night.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that all the votes
by which fines were imposed be reconsidered;
and that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Ohio to modify his motion
so as to name Monday instead of to-morrow.
I claim that the gentlemen now absent and out
of the city without leave of the House are more
culpable than those who are in the city. If
any member has gone away without leave of
the House, I want the Sergeant-at-Arms shall
have time to reach him. Those who were a
little tardy in coming to the House this evening
and were kept out by the doors being closed,
are less guilty than those who have gone away
without leave. If permitted I will move Tues-
day instead of to-morrow.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am perfectly satisfied
we ought to go as far with this matter as pos-
sible to-night. It will be the loss of a day
which may be devoted to business of the House
if this matter be postponed until to-morrow.
I therefore withdraw the motion, and move an
intermission of twenty minutes, if agreeable
to gentlemen.
Mr. LOGAN. Let us have general debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. At the request of gentle-
men around me, and understanding that the
Sergeant-at-Arms in the course of twenty min-
utes can have a number of other absentees at
the bar, I move, by unanimous consent, the
next twenty minutes be devoted to general
debate on the state of the Union.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the further
consideration of this call be postponed for an
hour and that in the mean time we go into
