1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4811
ment to the Senate. As a matter of course,
1 am as anxious to repeal taxes as any one
can be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to make
one inquiry of the Senator. In this calcula-
tion has he estimated the saving by the fund-
ing bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; because that
cannot possibly occur for one, two, or three
years. Besides, no funding bill has passed,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nor have some of these
other appropriations referred to passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes ; I do not count
a single dollar of appropriations but the reg-
ular annual and permanent appropriations ;
and if the Senate go on passing bounty bills
and pension bills, and the like, as a matter of
course all our calculations will be a failure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish so to re-
duce the taxation of the country that there will
be a deficit of $15,000,000 as a permanent
thing ; but I should have no objection myself
to reducing the taxation so that there shall be
a deficit of fifteen or thirty million dollars for
next year, or the next two years, for the very
purpose of getting out of the Treasury hero,
which lias lain there idle for five years, some
$75,000,000 in gold. It is time it was out. I
made effort some years ago to try and get it
out. We had locked up in the Treasury about
seventy-five million dollars, sometimes running
up to $100,000,000, I think never below $00,-
000,000 : averaging, I think, $75,000,000; and
I should be glad to put taxes down, if there is
no other way of doing it, so as to take some of
that money out of the Treasury for the next
year or two, and the country by its natural in-
crease, with low taxation, will furnish sufficient
to meet the economical expenses of the Gov-
ernment and pay the interest on the public
debt.
But, Mr. President, I did not rise with a
view of going into any debate at this moment
upon the general subject. My only purpose
was to say a word in reply to the note of alarm
given out by the Senator from Ohio, that by
refusing to reenact the income tax we are put-
ting ourselves in the position of having to im-
pose higher taxes upon the people in other
directions, and thereby induce Senators to
change their votes and reconsider the deliber-
ate vole of the Senate on this question of reim-
posing the income tax; and to reply also to the
remarks of the Senator from Missouri, who states
this is a vote fatal to the Republican party, or
if not fatal, a blunder ; that the Republican
party is a party for the many as against the
few ; that this legislation is relieving from tax-
ation some two or three hundred thousand
people and putting it upon the masses of the
people; that we are yielding to the clamor of
some two hundred thousand persons who pay
the whole of the income tax, and relieving
them from that taxation, and are thereby legis-
lating against the interests of the many. It
is true that the Republican party is the friend
of the masses. It is the friend of the multi-
tude, as the Senator says; but the friend of
the multitude against whom? Against the
oppressions of the few. I repudiate, I deny, i
scorn the idea that this Republican party is the
representative of the many for the oppression
of the few. It is the party of justice.
Mr. DRAKE. I did not sav that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is" the effect of the
Senator'sspecch. Talk to me about the people
of this country, the great Republican party of
justice, asking to put taxation that is unequal
and unjust on two hundred thousand people or
oil two people I Why, sir, the justice of this
party and this people will ilse up in indigna-
tion against any such sentiment as thai.
Mr. DRAKE. I)o not impute such a scud
me lit to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What does the Senator
mean when he says, because you do not tn.\ke
vom taxes out of two hundred thousand people
you are acting unjustly toward the mas.,i-s ?
Can any other inference be drawl! from such
remarks? It is a perversion of the idea that
the Republican party represents the masses of
the people. It represents the laboring inter-
ests, the great body of the people as against
injustice and wrong and oppression on the part
ot the few ; but it will never, I trust, be the
instrument of imposing an unequal tax upon
two hundred thousand or one thousand of the
citizens of this country. Let this tax stand
upon its own merits, not upon any such sug-
gestion as this; for if it is placed upon such a
basis, I tell you it will be destruction to the
Republican or to any other party ; for in this
intelligent land, and among this intelligent
people, no party standing upou the founda-
tion of injustice can ever succeed.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not intend that the
honorable Senator from Illinois shall change
the position which I took here or make me say
that which I did not say. My position is simply
this: that if you take off thisincome tax, which
falls only upon some two hundred and sixty
thousand people in the whole United States,
you are bound to continue taxes and to impose
new taxes on articles which enter into the daily
life of the whole mass of the people of the
United States. If you could repeal both, I
would say repeal both: but you must have so
much money; and if you take off the tax from
the income of the two hundred and sixty thou-
sand, then you have got to continue taxes upon
the every day and every hour consumption of
all the remainder of the people.
That is my position ; and if the Senator from
Illinois chooses to call that injustice to the
two hundred and sixty thousand he can so call
it. But, sir, I do not consider it so. Let them
bear their proportion of the burdens of this
country. Let them bear it upon their income.
Let them bear it upon what they have realized.
You tax the poor man upon what he tries to
realize every day, and at the end of the year
not one cent has ho left upon this broad earth.
But, sir, these men who have the income, men
who make an income of from ยง1,200 up to
millions, are the men who at the end of the
year have the means to pay the tax. Why
should they not pay it ? I would do no injus-
tice to them; but if I must choose between
doing injustice to two hundred and sixty or
two hundred and seventy thousand men in this
country and doing injustice to all the rest of
the nation, then I will put it upon the two hun-
dred and sixty or two hundred and seventy
thousand.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, this is a
tax whicli was imposed by law, and which has
expired by its own limitation. The people have
paid it willingly thus far. Letters are coming
to me from all sections of the country, notfrom
Democrats, but from Republicans, stating that
if this tax is reenactcd the Republican party
might as well put on its winding-slieet.. That
in my opinion is the case. If this matter is to be
placed on party grounds, if n is a question as
to the success of the Republican party, 1 think
it is far better that we should not reenact this
income tax. Our Democratic brethren cannot
take advantage of this because they have voted
unanimously for the repeal of this tax. I
believe every member of that party in this body
has voted for the repeal of the tax.
Now, Mr. President, the great mass of the
people, all the farmers, all the people in the
interior living in farming districts of the coun-
try, have been relieved from this tax during
the entire war. It l*is been paid by the people
residing in the more thickly settled portions of
the country where they accumulate capital, you
might say. or earn capital by their daily labor.
Every clerk who receives over $1,000, although
it may, perhaps, cost him $2,000 to live, has
to pay live per cent, upon all over his $1,000.
livery man who invests in Missouri lands at
frou/one dollar and a quarter to five dollars
an aore can let those lands lie, paying no taxes
upon them except the State t.axes, and il lie
hulds t.liem longer than three years he may
sell them lor twenty dollars an acre, and he
will not have to pay one cent of income tax
upon that profit. Does this tax operate equally
upon the people? Certainly it does not. As
I have heretofore shown, the great mass of
speculators in real estate have the advantage
of relieving themselves from this tax, and not
only relieving themselves from the tax upou
the rise of real estate, but the very taxes that
they pay upon that real estate they can deduct
from their income from other sources, and
thereby report no income.
Mr. President, in my opinion, the Repub-
lican party is a party of justice aud equality. It
desires to do justice to all portions of the com-
munity. You cannot appeal to the honest
farmers of this country and say to them that
you will tax the few for the benefit of the many,
that you intend to relieve them entirely from
taxation and assess it upon a few rich individ-
uals ; you array them against the rich. That
thing has been tried in regard to United States
securities. The people are honest, and desire
to see justice done to all. They will not do a
dishonest or disreputable thing if they know
it. The people who have paid this tax have
been an exceptional class. It has not been
uniformly assessed. They have paid it with-
out grumbling.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
deems it his duty to remind the Senate that the
vote has been taken on the question of the in-
come tax, and it is not now before the Senate
for discussion.
Mr. CORBETT. The question is on post-
poning the further consideration of this bill
until Monday ; and upon that I wish to say that
I believe the Senate have deliberately decided
this question of the income tax, and I am in
favor of giving the Finance Committee an op-
portunity to remodel this bill. We have from
seventy-five to one hundred million dollars in
the Treasury over and above the one per cent,
that is set aside to be applied to the public
debt. Now suppose we do run short for a short
time. We have $75,000,000 of surplus to ap-
ply to the public debt, and on the average for
the next three years we have some $75,000,000.
Even if we do not apply a dollar to the debt of
the United States, we have $75,000,000, which
will apply enough to the public debt, according
to the law, to last for three years. But place
that ยง75,000,000 to the one per cent, reserved
fund, and then you will have complied with the
law. I hope that the bill will be recommitted
to the Committee on Finance,
Mr. SAULSBURY. A suggestion has been
made in the course of this debate that causes
me to rejoice that I voted as I did, for the re-
peal of this income tax. It has been suggested
by very high authority, and I am sorry that it
has been contradicted by equally liigli author-
ity, that the action of the Senate to day would
be the death of the Republican party, and that
we should all have the pleasure of attending
the tuncral of that party. While I do not desire
to attend the fuueral of any particular gentle-
man, especially of any member of this body,
if the repeal of this tax can only lead to such
happy consequences, I think we of the Demo-
ciatic party will have reason to regard with
great approval the votes which we have cast.
Mr. SHERMAN. I never on a question of
this kind allude to party considerations; but
there is one thing very remarkable in this vote
in a party aspect, and I wish to call attention
to it, as my honorable friend has done so.
Every Democrat on this floor has voted for the
repeal of the income tax. the only tax which
levies one cent upon the "bloated bond-
holder the only tax that can be constitution-
ally levied in any form against the income
derived from United Slates stock. If they wish
to stand in that category, veiy we'd. The
Republicans, unhappily, are equally divided on
the question of repealing the income tax. But
I do not wish to debate that. It is manifest
now, and it is the sense of the Senate, I believe,
that this bill had better he over until Monday,
to give us a little time to look into the best
