1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3867
desk to be read the communications from the
late Secretary of the Navy and Secretary of
Suite upon this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Navy Department, January 3, 1865.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the reccipt
of your letter of the 2-ith ultimo, communicating a
copy ot a note addressed to you by Mr. Burnley, and
bii'anitting to my consideration the expediency of
requesting Congress to allow Lieutenant Pearson, of
the United States Navy, to accept the nomination of
'companion of the military division of the Order
ol tho Bath," which her Britannic Majesty is desir-
ous of conferring upon him in appreciation of his
zealous cooperation, and the conduct of tho United
States naval forces during the operations in which
The combined forces ol'Great Britain, Franco, the
•Netherlands, and the United States were recently
engaged in the straits of Simonosaki, Jo pan.
Without expressing or having formed an opinion
naval forces under tho advice and direction of our
minister, Mr. Pruyn, participated, I have to inform
you that neither the cause ot controversy nor the
battle which took place was Mich as to call forth
special congratulations from the Department to-
wards those who were engaged; nor has any recom-
mendation for promotion or advancement of Lieu-
tenant Pearson, or any officer who was in the action,
been proposed or entertained by this Department.
Ihat Lieutenant Pearson and the officers and
others of his command behaved gallantly, and in a
manner worthy of the flag under which they fought,
I h ive no doubt; but as Lieutenant Pearson has in
this case received no extraordinary commendation
from bis own Government, 1 am not prepared to
recommend that the constitutional prohibition
should be waived in order that he shall receive the
special honois of a foreign Government, whether
conferred as a token of personal valor, or an acknowl-
edgment of the allies for services rendered to them,
and especially to Great Britain. As a measure of
public policy, it appears to me inexpedient to de-
part J'rotu a constitutional regulation in order to
permit our naval or military officers to receive tho
orders and honors of a foreign sovereign. The prin-
ciple of the prohibition is obviously sound, and wo
can never know how soon events may occur to ren-
der exception to it not only undesirable, but oinbar-
lassing.
Very respectfully, &c.,
GIDEON WELLES.
S'ecrdaryof the i\'avy.
Hon. William II, Seward, Secretary of State.
Dkpatitmknt of State,
Washington, January 11,1865.
Sir ' 1 have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of the 3d instant in regard to the pro-
posed nomination by her Britannic Maje^tv of Lieu-
tenant Pearson as a companion of the military di-
vision of tho Order of the Bath, and in reply to
inform you that yourriewson the subject havebeen
made the basis of the answer to Mr. Burnley's note.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient, servant,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Hon. Gideon WiiLLiss, Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. SWANN. I now move that the reso-
lution be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MRS. M. S. HORSE.
Mr. SWANN reported from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs a bill (H. E. No. 2094) for
the relief of Mrs. M. S. Morse, administratrix
and widow of Hon. Isaac K. Morse, deceased;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Mrs. M. S. Morse,
administratrix and widow of Isaac E. Morse,
for his full compensation while employed as
special commissioner of the United States to
the republic of New Granada iu the years
1856 and 1857, at the rate of $7,500 per an-
num, from November G, 185G, to June 1, 1857,
for his salary as commissioner, and at the rate
of fifteen dollars per day during the same time
for his trouble and expense incurred in the
discharge of the duties of his mission.
Mr. KELSEY. I make the point of order
that this bill contains an appropriation.
Mr. SWANN. I will state 
Mr. KELSEY. I am willing the gentleman
shy 11 be heard if the point of order can be
reserved.
Mr. SWANN. I will state, Mr. Speaker,
that Mr. Morse was appointed special commis-
sioner to the republic of New Granada during
the administration of President Pierce. He
was a gentleman of charactcr and culture.
The discharge of the delicate duties of the
position demanded a man who was not only a
good lawyer, but versed in the Spanish and
French languages. Mr. Morse conducted and
concluded the negotiations to the entire satis-
faction of the State Department. This claim
is brought by his widow, a lady in limited
circumstances. It was brought before the
Senate of the United States in I860, and after
a favorable report by the Committee on For-
eign Relations of that body was passed to a
second reading.
In order that there may be a clear under-
standing of the facts of the case I will "send to
the Clerk's desk to be read the brief report
which the committee have directed me to pre-
sent in connection with the bill. It is sub-
stantially the report of the Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate. I think that
gentlemen^ when they come to look at the facts
presented in this report will see that the claim
is a just one and ought to receive the favor-
able action of the House.
The Cierk read the report, as follows:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom was
refeired the claim of Mrs. M. S. Morse, administra-
trix and widow of John E. Morse, have had tho same
under consideration, and report:
Mr. Morso was appointed by this Government as
special commissioner to New Granada, and entered
upon his duties on the 7th of November, 1856.
lie returned to tho United States on the 28th of
April, 1857, and madea settlement of hr< account on
the 20th of June, 1837; but in this settlement tho
Department of State declined to allow him anv com-
pensation beyond tho rate of salary allowed a min-
ister resident for the time of hi  service. At that
rate he was paid the sum of$3,572 81.
Not conceiving that he had received his just com-
pensation tor an important and special service, the
memorialist appealed to tho Secretary of State, and
presented the following letter from Hon. William
L. Marcy, the Secretary of State at whose solicita-
tion he had consented to accept the mission:
Ballston Spa, June 27.
Sir: I have received a letter from Hon. Isaac E.
Morse, the lato commissioner to New Granada, in
relation to his compensation.
It was understood that his expenses were to be
allowed, together with a fair per diem compensa-
tion, but the precise rate was not, I think, agreed on.
It was regarded as a highly responsible and diiii-
cult mission ; and I thought he might justlv claim as
liberal a sum as had been paid in any similar case.
I had in my mind tho allowance made at the Depart-
ment to Mr.ScfiENGK and Mr. Pendleton, which was,
1 think, about twenty dollars a day.
As there had been no particular appropriation for
the mission, Icxpccted Mr. Mor>e would be paid out
of the contingent fund for foreign intercourse. This
was the usual, if not universal, mode of payment in
such cases.
Very respectfully, your obedient, servant,
WILLIAM L. MARCY.
lion. Lewis Cass, Secretary of State.
It thus appears that the compensation was fixed
in cffect by the Secretary of State at the time and
beforo the service was undertaken.
The committee, therefore, recommend that the
memorialist receive a compensation for his services
at tho rate diem of a minister iesideu-t, and that
there bo added thereto his traveling expenses as
agreed upon by Mr. Marcy, at the rate of fifteen dol-
lars per diem, during the term of his mission.
There seems also to have been some difference of
opinion as to the precise date when the mission
terminated.
The memoiialist ariived in New Orleans, on his
return from New Granada, on the 20th April, 1837,
as the Department settled his compensation account
as of that date.
It seems, however, that upon the memorialist's
arrival m New Orleans he found his family too un-
well to permit his leaving them. Wc therefore
telegraphed that fact to the Department of State,
with a request that he might be allowed to remain a
day or two in New Orleans on account of his own
health and that of his family, in reply to which he
was authorized by the Secreiarv ot State to " take
his fyonr) time" to come to Washington.
Allowing for this delay on leave, as well as for the
time occupied in traveling to and from Washington,
tho dote of the 1st of June should be properly fixed
for the termination of the mission.
In view of all these circumstances, a? well as of
the importance of the seivices rendered, the com-
mittee recommend that the late Isaac E. Morse be
allowed at the rate of $7,500 per annum during the
term of his special service, and that he bo allowed
at tho rate of fifteen dollars per difn for his travel-
ing expensed during the entire term of his services
as special commissioner aforesaid.
In these views tho committee have adopted, the
report of the Senate Committee on 1'oreign Aifaiis.
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw my point of
order.
Mr. SWANN. I demand tne previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered $ and nnder the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read athird time $ and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed*
Mr. SWANN moved to reconsider the vote
by which thrill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
tabic.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM J. NAGLE.
Mr. SWANN, also, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following resolution} which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the petition of William J. Nagle,
a citizen of tho United States from the State of New
York, and now a prisoner in the United Kingdom of
Great Britain, be referred to the President of tho
United States, with the recommendation that such
action may be taken by him in accordanco with in-
ternational law and the rights of American citizen-
ship as the facts may justify.
Mr. SWANN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
Tli£ latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN WARllEN.
Mr. SWANN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following resolution j which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the memorial of John "Warren, a
naturalized citizcn of the United States, be referied
to the President of the United States, with, tho rec-
ommendation that it receive such attention as tho
facts in the case may demand.
Mr. SWANN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WIDOW OF JAMES L. KIKRXAN.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the same com-
mittee. reported back House bill No. 1554, for
the relief of the widow of James L. Kiernan,
late consul at Chinkiaug, China, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized
and directed to pay to the widow of James L.
Kiernan, late consul at Chinkiang, China, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, an amountnot exceeding $1,(325,
due said Kiernan as salary from October 4
to December 20, 1805, being for the time occu-
pied in traveling from the United States to his
post in China.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the reading of
the report in this case.
Mr. WILKINSON. There is no written
report. After the letter of the Assistant Sec-
retary of State and the indorsement of tho
Fifth Auditor have been read I do not think
there will be any objection to the passage of
the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department or St\tk,
Washington, April 20, ISdS.
Sir: Your communication of tho 20th March last,
with affidavit inclosed, asking for a reconsidera-
tion of tho decision of this Department disallowing
your claim for salary during transit to your po«t
lrom tne 4th of October to the 20 Lh ot December, 1S&3,
has been received. Your dispatch was referred to
the "examiner of claims," who has reported that
in his opinion your demand is properly allowable.
In accordance with that opinion the Fifth Auditor
has been authorized to allow your claim above men-
tioned.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
V. W. SEWARD,
AsHixtnnt S^crrturtf.
I am of opinion that the compensation to General
Kiernan, from October 4 to December 20, if allowed
at all, is transit " eo nohuns*' and as such should bo
paid in gold. The account may be so adjusted.
C. M. WALKER.
April 20,1868. Auditor.
Jamls L. Kifknax, esq., United States consul at Chin-
kiang, now ot Washington, D. C.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not make any further
objection.
Mr. WILKINSON. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded aud tlie
