1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1979
sioner, informed me tbat the only reason they
could not be paid was simply the lack of funds.
] know the parties myself. I know that most
of this money is to pay for goods which were
sold to the Flathead Indian agent by the firm
of Bonner & Welsh when no other iirm in the
Territory would sell the needed supplies on
time. These men have waited for their money
for more than a year, and I do not think there
can be any objection to this provision for pay-
ing them. ■
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish the gentleman
would inform us whether there was any author-
ity of law for buying the goods out of the pur-
chase of which this indebtedness grows?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. There certainly was;
but there was no fund oat of which to pay for
the goods.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman refer
us to the law authorizing the purchase?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. The purchase was
made under the law governing all agents.
There were no funds, and the agents bought
the goods on credit.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that these agents have un-
limited authority to go through the country
and make whatever purchases they choose?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] does notunderstand
me as saying any such thing, because I do not
intend to say it. I simply say that Bonner and
Welsh sold these goods to Captain McAuley,
the former agent, and Captain Galbraith, the
present agent, and received therefor vouchers
in accordance with the ordinary way of doing
l)u si ness.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to know what au-
thority there was for making these purchases.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. The authority of law.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman be
kind enough to point out the law ?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I cannot at this mo-
ment refer to it; but it is the general law of
the country. I will tell the gentleman where he
willfind the legal authority for these purchases.
He will find it in the treaty of 1855 made by
General Stevens with the Flathead Indians.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would prefer that the
gentleman should include in his amendment a
reference to the treaty or the provision of law
that we may know for what we are appropri-
ating money and who is responsible for the
expenditure.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. In further answer to
the gentleman, I will say that he will find that
this appropriation is recommended in an offi-
cial letter addressed to the Speaker of this
House and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee. I desire to say that this indebtedness
stands upon precisely the same footing as that
provided for in the amendment just adopted.
The money is due these men in one case for
goods furnished and in another case tor money
advanced to the agent to pay the employes
at the Flathead agency. I trust that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
will consent to the adoption of this amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. This matter was beforethe
Committee on Appropriations_ this morning,
and they were desirous of looking further into
the vouchers upon which this claim isfounded.
While the committee saw nothing on the face
of the papers that would justify them in op-
posing the claim, they were unwilling to admit
it into the bill without some further examina-
tion. If the claim is a just one, provision for
its payment can be made in the miscellaneous
appropriation bill. At this time we are not
prepared to say whether the claim is just or
otherwise. There is so much fraud hanging
about these old claims for goods sold to In-
dians, that I had almost said they may be con-
sidered as prima facie fraudulent. I do not
mean to say that with reference to this claim ;
vet the old maxim that everybody is to be pre-
sumed honest until the contrary is shown has
been found to be an unsafe one in regard to
Indian affairs; andl hopeitwill not be adopted
in this case.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. On the statement of
the chairman of the committee 1 will with-
draw my amendment and furnish the commit-
tee with the evidence on this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Miscellan eous *
For defraying the preliminary expenses of taking
the ninth census of the United States, $200,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I wish to offer an amendment, which I cannot
do without the general consent of the commit-
tee, but which I hope I will have the general
consent of the committee to move. I will not
trouble the Clerk with reading it, but will make
a statement of what I propose to do. The chair-
man of the Committee on the Ninth Census [Mr.
Stoices] is not here, and in his absence I desire
to say under the advice and by the request of
the Secretary of the Interior to the Committee
on the Ninth Census, that committee have pre-
pared a brief amendment to the present census
law, having abandoned the hope of procuring a
full radical change in that law in consequence
of the action of the Senate. That amendment
consists of a few provisions which I can state
in a few minutes, and most of them being for
the purpose of decreasing the expense under
the present census law. The first is to dis-
pense with one of the two copies now required
to be taken by law. There is no necessity for
more than one copy, and it dispenses with
one third of the amount of the paper reports
to be made. That is the object of the first
section.
The second section shortens the time in
which the marshals are to make their reports,
so tfiat their reports are to be in by thy 15th
of October so far as population is concerned.
For the other reports they are to have the usual
time. It does not touch the question of rep-
resentation at all. It simply requires them
to hasten up the business and to make it as
economical as possible. The third proposition
is that the slave schedule, No. 2, shall be
dropped out.
The next proposition is that the Secretary
of the Treasury may himself make such addi-
tional inquiries in regard to railroads, tele-
graphs, and lire, life, and marine insurance,
and shall modify the schedules on other sub-
jects as in his judgment the interests of those
subjects shall require, provided lie does not
himself increase the number of inquiries twen-
ty-five per cent, over the present law. It sim-
ply gives him this authority, and points out
the items on which he is to procure new statis-
tics under the census.
The next section imposes the penalty on
manufacturers and other persons for not an-
swering, the same as is imposed in the old law
for not answering in reference to the popula-
tion. The old law imposes no penalty except
for not answering in reference to the popula-
tion. This imposes the same penalty in regard
to all the other inquiries.
There is one further provision in regard to
the compensation of assistant marshals, pro-
viding that it may be increased not to exceed
fifty per cent, over the amount allowed by the
old law, in the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury. It amounts to about two dollars
a day, according to what was received in 1860,
and this will increase it to three dollars, and it
may be perhaps to four dollars a day.
There is one thing more, and then I shall
have stated every point in this amendment, and
that is that the appointment of assistant mar-
shals shall be made subject to the approval of
the Secretary of the Interior, so that he shall
have some control over the people called upon
to take the census, and they shall not bo put
upon his shoulder without his consent.
I ask the gentleman to allow me to move this
as an amendment to this bill, by adding a pro-
viso that " this appropriation and all appropri-
ations for taking the ninth census shall be made
on the following conditions, to wit;" then in-
serting the conditions I have stated.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stokes] submitted that question
to the House on a motion to suspend the rules,
which the House refused to do. I submit the
House acted wisely in the action then taken.
If it were not that the House had decided the
question I should not raise the point of order
on this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
To pay Joseph Miller, M. Kelley, 1. Miller, M. C.
Brown, John Cummins, J. B. Pierce, Charles D. Iien-
yon, M. Storms, A. E. Galloway. James Carr, B.
Crossed, 61. G. Sooney, H. B. Lane.S.R.IIowlett, and
A. B. Farnesworth, the amounts due them respect-
ively as officers, membe-rs, clcrks, and employes for
per diem, mileage, and services in theLegislature of
the Territory ofldabo, to be paid only upon vouch-
ers to be approved by the proper accounting officers
of tho Treasury, in all $7,023 65; and to Crawford,
Slocum and" Company, George M. Thompson, Emit
Lombard, A. L. Downey, and Archibald McBuraty
the amounts duo them respectively for rent and sta-
tionery for the same service, in all $1,831 88; to Allen
and Maxwel 1 for wood and other supplies for the same
service SI,129, and to Starr & Company, Wilts Young,
"W. H. Andrew, Caleb North, S. It. Ilowlett, A. Cop-
per, A. H. Rucker, D. W. C. Dormell, and J. K. Vin-
cent tho amounts due them respectively for sundry
supplies for the same service, in all $498 66: Pro-
vided, That no part of the above amounts hereby
appropriated to defray the outstanding indebtedness
of the Territory of Idaho thus specified shall be paid
unless upon vouchers verified upon oath to the satis-
faction of the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. SHAFER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the above paragraph, which I send to
the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
After the name "A. B. Farnesworth," at line two
hundred and seven, insert the words "or their as-
signs ;" after the name "Archibald McBuraty, at
lino two hundred and fifteen,-insert the words or
their assigns;" after tho words "Allen and Max-
well," at line two hundred and eighteen, insert tho
words "or their assigns;" after the name "J. It.
Vincent," at line two hundred and twenty-two,
insert the words " or their assisns."
Mr. SHAFER. Mr. Chairman, I have no
objection to the clause as it stands exceptthat.
it appropriates these amounts to certain indi-
viduals, specifically naming them. Now, the
fact is that many of those claims since they
have become due have been assigned to one
party or another. And all I desire is that
where the claims have been assigned to other
parties the parties to whom they have been
assigned shall have the benefit of this act. If
the paragraph passes in its presentform it will
be ineffectual and nugatory, as far perhaps as
one half, or one third, or one fourth of those
claims are concerned. And therefore Id^r",
the insertion at each of the places I have indi-
cated of the words " or their assigns."
Mr. DAWES. If the Committee on Appro-
priations had supposed that anybody had been
speculating in these claims, buying them up
and then bringing them here, they would not
have recommended this appropriation at all.
These were old claims and were pressed upon
the committee very strongly, because the par-
ties themselves were in great need of having
them paid. If they have been honestly trans-
ferred any one holding a proper power of
attorney can draw the amount; but if these
parties "have been practiced upon by sharpers
I hope the fingers of the sharpers will he cut;
and I hope, therefore, that the amendment will
not be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WELLS. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "Treasury/' on_ line two
hundred and twenty-nine, the following:
To pay claims for supplies and labor to
commission, as per the accounts approved by ten
William Harney, of tho Indian commiss on, and to
be certified by the Commissioner of Indian Atiairo,
I $120,000.
I Mr. Chairman, I have here a letter from the
i Commissioner of Indian Affairs which I desire
1 to have read.
