2924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April
9,9..
tlie Committee of the Whole on the state of |
the Union, on the tariff. >
Mr. FEitKlSS. I rise to * parliamentary
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the next
thirty minutes be devoted to speeches on the
state of the Union, to be limited to three
minutes each.
Mr. FERRISS. I rise to a parliamentary
question. Will not the effect of that motion
bo to terminate all further proceedings under
this cali?
Mr. CULLOM. We should keep to the
business of executing the order of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is only in order to fill
up the time that I have made the proposition.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio asks unanimous couseut for
the proposition ho has intimated.
Mr. AltNELL. I object.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I withdraw the motion
for the present. I move that only to fill up
the time until the arrival of the Sergeant-at-
Arms with other absentees in custody.
Mr. STILES. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution.
Mr. A UN ELL. I object.
Mr. ARCHER. Let it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
J.VWeerf, Until otherwiseontered, the House meet
at eleven o'clock a. in., instead ot" twelve o'clock ui.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is not
in order.
Mr. J (TDD. I move the following reac-
tion :
H'tolved, That wo h*ve a redraw of seats. [Laugh-
ter..
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
Mr. J I"DD. On that resolution I ask to be
heard.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in
order.
Mr. KELSEY. Is it in order to go to
bu*:ness on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in
orilt-r.
Mr. KELSEY. Is it in order by unanimous
consent?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. JUDD. I rise to a personal explana-
tion.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope the
gentleman will bare leave.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WILSON', of Minnesota. I move that
the House take a recess for twenty minutes.
Mr. JUDD. Has not the House adopted a
resolution that the next thirty minutes shall be
devoted to general debate on the state of the
Union?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolu-
tion was not adopted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That U a question of
fact, and I demand a jury. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. Would not the effect of the
adoption of such a resolution be to opeu the
doors of the House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The doors of
the House will not be opened except by order
of the House.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I'tnove that
the doors be opened for that time.
The SPEAKER ■pro tempore. The Chair
will consider the adoption of such amotion as
dispensing with all further proceedings under
the call.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I withdraw
that portion of it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was about to make the
Eiint that that would open the doors of the
ouse.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I withdraw
that part of it.
Mr. 8CHENCK. I rise to a point of order.
If we taken recesa we dispense with all fur-
ther proceedings nnder the call of the House.
It is distinctly laid down in the rules that it is |
not in order for the House to take a recess |
during a call of the House. No motion ex- j
cept to adjourn can be entertained during the
call.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
do now adjourn; and upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a privileged
motion. I move that when tho llouso ad-
journs to night it adjonrn to meet on the Oth
day of December next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must decide
that the motion of the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Elmudoe] is not in order. Pend-
ing a call of the House no motion is in order
except a motion to adjourn or a motion to
suspend further proceedings in pursuance of
the call.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the
motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will proceed to call the roll, and in doing so
will omit the names of those members who
have been found absent to-night without ex-
cuse, if they have not been reported at the
Clerk's desk as having paid the tines imposed
on them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I will not
report at the Clerk's desk whether 1 have paid
my tine or not. I am not required by any rule
of the House to do so. I have paid my fine;
bat I do not believe that I am under any obli-
gation to go to the Clerk's desk and report that
fact.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man has misunderstood whatwas Stated by the
Chair. The Chair has not directed any gentle-
man to ^o to the Clerk'a desk and report; but
he has directed the Clerk in calling the roll to
omit the names of those who have not been
reported at the Clerk's desk as having paid
their fines.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to know if I am
to be deprived of my right to vote because the
Sergeant-at-Arras has neglected to report that
I paid the ten dollars.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin is not in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise, as a question of
order, to demand that I shall be allowed my
right to vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin will take his seat.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will take my seat at
the demand of the Chair, but 1 claim that I
have a right to state my point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My point Of order is,
that I shall not be deprived of my right to
vote because the Sergeant-at-Arms may have
neglected to report that 1 have paid my fine.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That ques-
tion will not arise until the roll-call is con-
cluded. If the gentleman is then omitted from
the roll-call, contrary to his right, he will then
have a right to raise his point of order.
By unanimous consent, Mr. Judd was excused
from further attendance this evening.
The question recurred on the motion to
adjonrn, on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 23, nays 113, absent or
not voting 90; as follows:
YEAS —Measr*. Barnuta, Boilman, Bufllnton,
Barchard, Cake, Coborn, Cook, Cullom, Dox, Varna-
worth, Fitch, Gibson, (iriswold, llaight, llamill,
Niblack, Poland, Sawyer, Starkweather, Stono,
Strickland, Trimble, and Well?—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Archer. Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Bcatty, Beck, Bcniamin. Bcn-
, Bingham, Bird, Blair, Boyd, James
"   But-
nett, Benton
Brooks, Buck.
ler, Calkin, Cessna, Amass Cobb, Conger, Conner,
~ ' Diekiuaon, .Donley, Kid-
It is not in
Buckley, Burdctt, .Roderick R
ler, Calkin, Cessna, Amaj
Dawes, Degener. Dickey, ^.v.«.uouu,
ridgc, Terries, Flnkclnburg, (Jetz, Gil fill an, Halo,
Hamilton. Harris, Hawkins, Ilawley. Hay, Hill,
iioar, llolman. Hooper, Ingorsoll, Johnson, Alex-
ander JI. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, Kclsey, Kerr,
Kotchaw. Knnpp, Lallin, LaWrcnco, Mar.-ball, Mc-
Carthy, McCormick, MeCraryt JlcKee, McNeely,
Mereur, Eliakim II. Moon-, William Moore, Samuel
1'. Morrill, .Myers, U'.Neill, Ortli. Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Poreo, Peters, Pholp", Pomeroy, Randall,
lingers, Sargent, Sehenek, Sehumaker, Seolield,
Shanks, Lionel A.Sheldon, Shober, Joseph S. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Sloven*;,
Stiles, Stoughton. Stron;;, Swuun, Tanner, Taylor,
Tillman, Townsend, Twicholl, Tyner, lp.-on, Vim
Aukon, Van Wyck, Cadwaliuler C. Washburn, Wil-
liam JJ. Washburn, Wolker, Wheeler, Wlmmore,
Willavd, Williams,_ Kugene 31. Wilson, Witi.ius,
Winchester, and Witehcr—113.
>iOl' YUTl.NG—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry. Biggs, Bolus,
liooker, Itoiven, George 51. Brooks. Buir, Bcniamin
K. Butler, Churchill, William T. ('lurk, Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton ii. Cobb, Covode. Cowlcs,
Cox, Crchs, Davis, Dixon, Dockory, Duval, Djer,
111:1, Ferry, Fisher, Fox, Garlicld, Ualdcm.in, llam-
bleton, liny. Denton, llelltn, lloge, liotrhkisi,
.lenokes, Thomas L. Jones. Judd, Julian, Knott,
La-h, Logan, Loughridye, Lynch, Mayliain. ,Uay-
liard, McGrevr, Mclven/.ie, 5liliics, Je>.-e II. Moure,
.Morcan, Morphis, Daniel J. Worrell, Morri-^ey,
Mungcn, -Negley, l'aine. 1'latt, Porter. Puller,
1'rosser, Hemes, Kico, Hidgivay, lloots, S.mlord,
Porter Sheldon. Sherrod, Sloeum, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Strader,
Sweeney. Tallo, Van llorn. Van Trump, VoorheeH,
Ward, Wilkinson, John T. Wilson, Wood, and
Woodward—'JO.
So tho House refused to adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 movo that when the
House adjourns this evening it adjourn to
meet to-morrow morning at eleven o'clock.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tho Chair
decides that that is not in order. No motion
is in order except to adjourn or to suspend the
proceedings in the call.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 would inquire whether
the Sergeant-at-Arms is ready to report the
presence of any more of the delinquents?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it in order to
move that when the House adjourns it adjouru
to meet on Monday next?
I'he SPEAKER pro tempore.
order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it not always in
order to move to fix the time to which the
House will adjourn?
The SPEAKERpro tempore. Not pending
a call of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is in order to
move to adjourn, and to fix to what time tho
House will adjourn before the vote is taken on
adjourning.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pending a
call of the House it is not in order to move to
adjourn to any particular time other than that
fixed by the order of the House previous to
the call of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, it is a motion
pertaining to the adjournment. After a mo-
tion to adjourn is made, a motion that when
the House adjourns, it shall adjourn to a par-
ticular time takes precedence of it, and is a
privileged motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is the deci-
sion of the Chair that pending a call of the
House nothing except in execution of that
order, or to adjourn, or to suspend the call, is
in order. Those are the only motions that
are in order.
Mr. CULLOM. That is the exact language
of the rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is a motion in
regard to adjournment.
Mr. CULLOM. No; the rule says a motion
to adjourn or suspend the call.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the Speaker inform
the House what the pending question is?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The execu-
tion of the order of the House that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is that debatable ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not ia
its present state.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will it be in its future
state ? [Laughteh ]
Thd SPEAKER ,
will rule on any point of order raised at tho
proper time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Would
: it be in order to ask unanimous consent that
thegentletftanfrom Wisconsin [Mr. EldriDge]
address the House at this time?
pro tempore. The Chair
