1980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Office-of Indian Affairs,
Washington, X). C., February 9,1870.
Sir : I have the honor to state that from reports
received from General W. S. Harney, there is at pres-
ent ail outstanding indebtedness incurred by him on
account of the service in the" Sioux Indian district"
while the same was in his charge, for the payment
of which there are no funds at tho disposal of the
Department.
The history of this indebtedness, briefly stated, is as
follows: by the Indian appropriation act, approved
July 27,1868, (St. 15, p. 222,) the sum of $200,000 was
appropriated to pay the expenses ofthelndian Peace
Commission and tu carry into effect the provisions
of treaties made by the commission with Indians,
thesamc to bo expended under the direction of Gen-
eral Sherman. General Harney was selected by Gen-
eral Sherman to take charge of tho various bands of
Sioux to bo located on a reservation in Dakota Ter-
ritory, agreeably to the treaty made with them. In
making improvements on said reservation, in sup-
plying tho Indians with subsistence, and-in paying
the necessary employes, the amount placed at the
disposal of General Itarney by General Sherman was
greatly exceeded; and Congress, by act approved
April 10.1869, appropriated the sum of $485,784 21 to
cover such excess, or in other words, to pay the
expenses incurred in making and preparing homes,
turnishing provisions, tools, &c., t'or said Indians,
under tho supervision of General Harney.
The amount so appropriated was found to bo insuf-
ficient to pay such expenses, and, by direction of the
President, tho further sum of $100,000 was sot aside
for that purpose out of tho appropriation of$2,000,000.
Those two sums, in all $585,784 2, have been used to
pay off tho indebtedness as aforesaid, but there aro
still unpaid vouchers issued or approved by General
Harney, that amount in the aggregate to $107,546 31.
Many of theso vouchers aro in this olfice, and a
great number of them aro for services rendered by
employCs. The owners, not only of theso but of all
tho vouchers, aro urging their payment by this bu-
reau ; but, as beforo stated, there aro no funds on
hand that can bo used to pay them.
Although not fully advised in regard to tho matter,
yet I am of the opinion that said sum of &107.546 31
will not prove sufficient to pny the indebtedness in
question, and that it will tako at least $120,000 to
liquidate all ot it.
I respectfully recommend tbat this matter bo laid
beforo Congress, with the view of haying tho neces-
sary iunds appropriated to liquidate said indebted-
ness.
Very rospoctfully, your obedient servant,
E. S. PARKER, Commissioner.
Hon. J. D. Cox, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. WELLS. Mr. Chairman, I have the
list of the claims referred to in the amend-
ment, numbering over three hundred, some of
them as low as one dollar, and others reach-
ing up to several thousand dollars. I know
many of the parties who hold these claims.
Having furnished the material and done the
labor, they have been expecting their pay since
the war was over, but have not received it.
Unless they get this appropriation it is uncer-
tain when tliey may get it. Mr. Parker in-
forms me that he sent a communication to the
Committee on Appropriations on this subject,
and supposed that an appropriation would be
put in the bill. This cannot now be found,
and this morning I received from him the com-
munication which has been read, and which
fully explains itself. General Harney has been
removed from the commission since last July,
and these claims, or most of them, were made
between April and July. I know most of the
parties. I know they are deserving, and that
many of them are paying large interest now
ou money which they have been compelled to
borrow for the purpose of sustaining them-
selves. I hope the committee will adopt the
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. This is a very remarkable
claim, and presents in as strong a light as pos-
sibly can be, the manner in which the public
money has been used heretofore in our deal-
ings with the Indians. General Harney had
placed at his disposal $200,000, and subse-
quently to that, if I understand the papers
aright, §100,000 more, making in all $300,000.
With the exact amount, in his hand, and know-
ing exactly how much he had, he overran it
more than half a million dollars and came here
last April, and although we thought it one of
the most rank cases that could bo found, the
committee were of opinion and stated to the
House that as we were about to change entirely
our Indian policy it was better to clean up all
these matters, and therefore, while condemn-
ing the whole thing, they recommended an
appropriation of just what he asked to pay off
the whole concern. That appropriation was
passed and the money granted, and the com-
mittee supposed, and Congress had a right to
suppose, that there was an end of the whole
matter. But I understand the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Wells] to say that between the
10th of April, when that bill passed and became
a law and furnished him with the money to
settle up the accounts, and the 1st of July,
when he left the place, this amount has been
added to that. I may be mistaken, but whether
I am or am not I am so informed by the gentle-
man from Missouri. At any rate, I for one am
done with paying old claims contracted by Gen-
eral Harney, who had only a certain sum in his
hands and did not know the difference between
$300,000and $800,000, forthatwas the amount
which he undertook to make the Government
responsible for.
Now, I am very well aware how theso things
are done. There is a certain class of claim-
ants who are always on hand and help them-
selves first out of any appropriation, and then
a great number of small claims come here and
are pressed upon the consideration of Congress
because they are the claims of worthy men,
and I have no doubt they are in this case, just
as the gentleman from Missouri says they are ;
but General Harney should have paid them
before he paid these swollen and bloated claims
of men who furnished the Indians under his
own eye and with his own consent at bloated
prices, and run up his accounts to seven or
eight hundred thousand dollars when he had
only $300,000 with which to pay them. I hope
the committee will not adopt tho amendment.
Mr. BOYD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. General
Harney, as chairman, perhaps, of the peace com-
mission, was authorized by Congress to expend
this $300,000. He did so. The men who had
large claims received their pay, while a balance
of $107,000 is claimed by about three hundred
individuals, as I understand, poor men who
gave their time and labor for the purpose
of carrying on the work that General Harney
was intrusted with. Those men have to stand
aside. General Harney stood in the same rela-
tion to the Government as these other officers
whom the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] has defended so well this evening,
because—although perhaps I ought not to say
it—it was for expenditures of money in the
New England States. When from the West
a little expenditure of $120,000 is asked to
pay three hundred men the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations opposes it and
says that is an extraordinary thing, and that
the money ought not to be paid. I am sorry
to see a spirit of this sort evinced in this House.
When the East asks large appropriations you
find no narrow, contracted feeling on the part
of western members. We give them all they
ask. I call upon them to do to us as we have
done to them and give us this amount for poor
men who earned it but who have not been able
to push their claims forward as the owners of
large claims did.
Mr. DAWES. I will tell you a single inci-
dent to show you how this money has been
expended. General Harney bought, at some-
thing like eighteen dollars a barrel, a steam-
boat load of flour and sent it up the Missouri
river. The boat ran on a snag and was sunk.
He then rushed down and bought for an enorm-
ous sum the first steamboat load of flour he
met, and sent it up. Subsequently when he
met the contractor the contractor inquired if
he had received the second steamboat load of
flour he had sent. The general wanted to
know what he meant, and the contractor re-
plied, " When I heard the first steamboat was
sunk I knew you wanted flour, so I sent up a
second steamboat load to you." "Then," said
the general, "I have been buying my own
flour.1' He bought the flour twicc over in th^t
way, and that is the way in which seven or
eight hundred thousand dollars of the money
of the Government has gone. I am as sorry
as is my friend from Missouri [Mr. Boyd]
that the poor men who deserve it have not
yet got their pay. But I would say that Gen-
eral Harney made this contract without any
authority whatever of law; and had he been
an officer under any other Government than
that of the United States, although I do not
impugn the honesty of his intentions, he would
have been court-martialed andt cashiered the
service for any such performance as this. Now,
for us to pay claims like these is but giving a
carte blanche to any officer of the Government
to involve us in expenses to any extent he may
choose, and then come here and ask for appro-
priations to answer his contracts.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Does the
gentleman mean to assert that the Government
of the United States paid twice over for that
steamboat load of flour?
Mr. DAWES. I assert that was the way
business was done ; as I have stated.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Has the
Government paid twice for that flour?
Mr. DAWES. That depends upon whether
we adopt this amendment.
Mr. SPINK. Tho fact about the case is this:
General Harney did purchase the flour sent up
to him by the contractor, but the money was
never paid for it under that second purchase.
The parties who sold it to him did not know it
had been bought for him at all.
Mr. DAWPjS. I knew he did it honestly.
Mr. SPINK. When he found that the flour
had been sent to him he immediately stopped
the draft for it, and never paid a cent for that
flour. In my opinion not an honester man ever
lived than General Harney.
Mr. DAWES. And he is a very liberal man.
Mr. SPINK. These are poor men, and
this amount is for services that have been hon-
estly rendered to the Government by them at
General Harney's request. He was appointed
there to superintend these Indians, and hired
these men, some fifty or a hundred of them.
They are poor men, and have waited a year
for their pay, and I hope this appropriation
will be made to pay them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOYD withdrew the amendment to the
amendment.
The question was then taken upoii the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Wells ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 46, noes 47 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wells and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 50, noes 62.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BOLES. I move to insert the follow-
ing after the paragraph last read :
For payment of tho loyal citizens of the State of
Arkansas for commissary stores a.nd quartermasters1
supplies purchased and taken in the State of Arkan-
sas for the use of the Army of tho United States,
$150,000.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order.
_ TheCHAIRMAN. The gentleman willstate
his point of order.
_Mr. DAWES. My point of order is that
this amendment contemplates new legislation,
and therefore is not in order on an appropria-
tion bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk resumed the reading of tho bill,
and read the following:
Keconstruction acts:
. To defray expenses incurred in carrying into effect
the Act to pro vido for the more efficient government
of therebel States," forvarious suppliesandservice,
namely: in the first military district, $75,000; in the
fourth military district, $200,000; in the fifth military
district, $110,000: Provided, That no portion of said
sums shall bo paid except upon vouchers furnished
and verified upon oath by the party furnishing said
supplies or performing such service, to the satisfac-
tion of the proper accounting officers of the Treasury.
