1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
soldiers of 1812 and the widows of the soldiers
of that war who have died.
Mr. HOLMAN. If that is so that is all I
desire. I think the country demands that jus-
tice shall be done not only to this widow, but to
all the other widows of the soldiers of the war
of 1812. Why not, by unanimous consent,
report at once a general bill to grant these pen-
sions? The whole country condemns the injus-
tice of this delay. A few of the heroes of that
war only remain ; all of them are old, and many
are destitute and poor. The widows of those
who are dea3 are many of them destitute.
Allow me to state the case of an old survivor
of that war. An old gentleman, now about this
Capitol, but yesterday here sitting by my side,
has traveled here four times, during a period
of fourteen years, from my own State, and he
has had a bill pending hero through all that
period to grant him a little pension. The poor
old mail, now eighty-five years of age, who
served through the whole period of the war of
1812, has been here day after day, asking for
simple justice at the hands ofthis Government.
He came here by the charitable aid of strangers,
and is here pleading for simple justice.
Now, I will ask the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Butler] if he is not now ready to
report a general bill and put it upon its pas-
sage now'!
The SPEAKER. It would require unani-
mous consent to report a bill of a public na-
ture on a call for bills of a private nature.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
asks unanimous consent that the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812
have the privilege of reporting a general bill
for action at this time.
Mr. PAINE. I object, and for this reason :
a bill of that kind should be carefully consid-
ered by the committee and by this House.
Strongly in favor of such a bill as I am, I can-
not consent that it should be smuggled into
this House in this way.
Mr. 1NGERS0LL. I object to that word
"smuggling;" it has been used too often this
morning already.
Mr. PAINE. Then I withdraw the word
"smuggled." [Laughter.]
Mr. PETERS. I renew it. [Renewed laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WILLARD. If I may be allowed to
state in answer to the suggestions of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holjian,] 1 will
say that the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions and War of 1812 have considered fully
the subject of reporting a general bill to grant
a pension of eight dollars per month to each
soldier who served three months or more in
the war of 1812, whether he was disabled in
that service or not, with this limitation only:
that he shall be dependent upon his own labor,
or upon the assistance of others for his sup-
port. Such a bill was reported to this House
by unanimous consent several weeks ago, and
was then ordered to be printed and recom-
mitted. That bill is now punted and on the
tile of each member of this House. The com-
mittee, whenever an opportunity mjy be pre-
sented, is ready to leport that, bill and ask the
action of the House upon it. In explanation
of some reports which I have sent to the
Clerk's desk this morning, 1 may as well state
that most of the adverse reports were in eases
where arrears of pension are asked. The
House, in acting several weeks since on a ease
reported from the committee, decided adversely
to granting arrears of pension in any case.
Someapplications for invalid pensions,where
the proof manifestly was entirely insufficient,
have been reported adversely. The commit-
tee understood that as a matter of course all
such cases would come under the general law
which they are prepared to report. Hence
they felt less hesitation in reporting adversely
upon such cases.
The case which has been reported by my
colleague is a case where the proof was satis-
factory to the committee that the husband of
the lady who asks the pension was a soldier in
the war of 1812 and died from injuries received
during that war. This brought the case within
the rule. Although the evidence was not such
as is required by the Pension Bureau, it seemed
satisfactory to the committee, and hence the
case was favorably reported.
Let me say further that in this general bill
the committee have not included widows.
Although the committee certainly have no
objection to any gentleman moving an amend-
ment to include widows, they did not deem it
wise to adopt such a provision in this bill,
because so large an amount would be required
to pension both the surviving soldiers of the
war of 1812 and the surviving widows of those
who have died that we anticipate there would
be great hesitation, if not in this branch of
Congress at least in the Senate, in reference
to the passage of a bill so wide in its scope.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, now that
this subject is before the House, and in view
of the late period of the session, and the fact
that this committee may not again be reached
for some time, I ask the House to dispose of this
question now and decide what shall be done in
the way of granting pensions to the surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812 and the widows of
those who have died. Inasmuch as there
seems to be objection to the consideration of
the general bill this morning, 1 suggest to the
gentleman from Vermont that he ask unan-
imous consent of the House that the commit-
tee may report a general bill at any time.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment. I have listened to the
explanation of the gentleman from Vermont
in reference to the general bill before his com-
mittee, and I find that they have considered and
completed a bill and are now ready to report
it. Is not that so?
Mr. WILLARD. The committee is ready
to report it. although we would rather wait till
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions will
be entitled to the remainder of this morning
hour and to the whole of the morning hour
to-morrow, under the call for private bills. It
is not probable—it is almost impossible—that
the committee will be called for public bills
during this session.
Mr. PAINE. I was about to say that in view
of the statement that the committee has com-
pleted a bill and that it is in print, which I did
not know before, I withdraw my objection to-
its consideration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no fur-
ther objection to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions being allowed during this
call to report a public bill in relation to pen-
sions for the soldiers of the war of 1812.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the committee will
allow the bill to be open for amendments, for
certainly provision ought to be made for the
widows of soldiers of the war of 1812, who are
now dead.
Mr. WILLARD. The committee will allow
the widest latitude,for amendment.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, several weeks
ago this same committee reported some cases
which were regarded as meritorious, and Ihave
no doubt that they were so, although they may
have been somewhat different from the case
now before the House. 1 understand the com-
mittee are to report to-morrow, not to-day, a
general bill on this subject.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. To-day.
Mr. BENTON. If the committee are ready
to report to-day, then let the pending case be
laid aside. 1 ask the committee to withdraw
this case until the general bill has been dis-
posed of; because if we are to take up cases
not included in the general bill it is better to
do so after we have acted on that bill and un-
derstand its provisions. The case now before
us is only an exceptional case.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let this case go through
anyhow.
Mr. BENTON. The same thing might be
said in regard to any other case. • ;
Mr. WILLARD. If the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Benton] will allow me
I will make a statement. We have only'this
morning and to-morrow morning to report Both
private bills andgeneral bills. If the pending
case cannot be acted on to-day or to-moi:row,
the action of the House may not be had upon
it all. This case is not included in the general
bill because it is the case of a widow.
Mr. ARCHER. This is from the naval fund,
and does not come out of the Treasury at all."
Mr. BENTON. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. WILLARD. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
samuel bull.
Mr. WINANS, from the same committee,
reported a bill (II. R. No. 2097) granting a
pension to Samuel Bull; which was read afirst
and second timo.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Samuel Bull, of Sag-
inaw, Michigan, upon the pension-roll, at the
rate of eight dollars a month, from and after
the passage of this act.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask for the reading of
the report.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that Samuel Bull served in the war of 1812.
He was commissioned as a lieutenant. While
in the service he received a flesh wound in the
left leg, severing and injuring the sinews so
that the toes were dragged down, rendering it
difficult for him to walk. He also received a
slight wound under the eye from an Indian
knife. Being on fatigue duty, while engaged
in erecting a guard-house, a stick of timber
fell and struck him on the shoulder, injuring
the ligaments. He applied in 1851 for a pen-
sion ; but the Pension Office required certifi-
cates from his commanding officers, which he
could not give because they were dead. He
is eighty-eight years of age, and his wife sev-
enty-nine, and is in destitute circumstances.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I move to increase the
pension from eight dollars a month to fifteen
dollars a month, and I wish to state the reason
why I make that motion. This man, who served
the country in the war of 1812, is now eighty-
eight years of age. Ho has never before re-
ceived any pension from the Government, and
is now too old to gain a livelihood by manual
labor.
The House divided; and theie were—ayes
53, noes 43.
Mr. WILLARD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. \Vju.Ar,!i and
Mr. Stmoklaxd were appointed.
The House again divided: and the tellers
reported—ayes 65, noes 52.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINANS. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill as amended was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WINANS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also move<i
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
clark iiall.
Mr. RICE, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill No. 608, granting a
