1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4818
up a bill, on which motion the rule states that
the merits of the bill shall not be discussed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator to
withdraw his motion, and let me move my
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot do it. The Sen-
ator from California has the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the Senator from
California will give way to allow it to be with-
drawn and let (he amendment be submitted.
Mr. CASSERLY. Undoubtedly 1 will.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I ask the Senator
from Ohio again, to withdraw his motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio withdraw his motion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will not withdraw it for
any one. If the Senator from California, under
the circumstances, will debate this bill on its
ineiits on a motion to postpone, let him do so.
It does seem to me, with about fifty amend-
ments of the Committee on Finance to this bill
pending, when we ask time to consider the
sudden position in which we are placed by the
action of the Senate, the motion to postpone
ought to have been at once adopted without
furiher delay.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will hear me for one moment. The Sen-
ator from Ohio is aware that I gave notice of
an amendment of an important character, for
the transportation of goods across the country
in bond and to the interior cities of the coun-
try. That amendment has been printed and
laid upon our tables. There will be some dis-
cussion upon it. I have already informed the
Senator from Ohio that I have necessarily to
be absent next week, when the bill comes up
again. He knows that I take a great interest
in this question. The Senator from California
[Mr. Cole] also takes an interest in it. It will
take no more time to dispose of the proposi-
tion contained in this amendment to-day than
it will next week, and if we postpone action
upon it, it will only embarrass other questions.
The Senator from Ohio does not wish to con-
sider this proposition in committee. If he will
let us act on it now I am willing, I have no doubt
the whole Senate is willing, that the subjects
which he desires to have recommitted for ex-
amination by his committee shall be recom-
mitted. I presume there will be no objection
to that.
Now, will not the Senator allow us to con-
sider this amendment and act upon it? There
is opposition to it, I know. The Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Morriix] wants to oppose it;
but I trust that the Senate, notwithstanding his
opposition, will pass it; and we may as well
meet his opposition (o day as to-morrow. AVill
not the Senator, under these circumstances,
withdraw his motion to postpone?
Mr. SHERMAN. It would not be a particle
of use to do so. If I should withdraw it it would
only lead to a collateral debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the debate
continues on this motion, the Senator from
California [Mr. Casserly] was recognized as
entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
desire to say a word or two in relation to the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield?
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course I will yield to
the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Illinois persists in offering an amendment
about which I knew nothing until he called the
attention of the Senate to it this morning. It
is an amendment to revolutionize the whole
character of our practicc from the foundation
of the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does no such thing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I submit that
it ought to receive the consideration of the
Senate after a full examination. To force the
consideration of the subject upon the Senate
this morning it seems to me would be entirely
jmjust.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall be obliged to the
Senator from California if he will allow me to
say a word.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield to the Senator from
Pennsylvania?
Mr. CASSERLY. I think I shall have to
make a stand. I am sorry to draw the line
against the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. I thought that if I were
allowed to say a word perhaps the Senator
would not go out and discuss the merits of the
bill. If he will allow me, I desire to say that
I think it is unfair to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance for us to go on now dis-
cussing this bill, when he desires to have it
postponed. Besides, as I understood it, we
took a test vote a little while ago which showed
a very large majority of the Senate against the
income tax. Now,! should prefer, if that vote
was not sufficiently understood, that we take the
vote again, as proposed by the Senator from
Ohio, upon that part of the income tax which
relates to corporations, and let that be under-
stood as a test of that branoh of the subject;
and then let the Committee on B'inance take
this bill back with them, that part of it being
stricken out, and let us leave the rest to then-
good sense and their ability to make such a
tax law as will satisfy the interests of the
country.
While I am up, with the permission of the
Senator from California, I wish to say one word
to my friend, the Senator from Indiana, who
said that taking off this tax was going to be
the destruction of the Republican party.
Mr. MORTON. I did not make that remark.
Mr. CAMERON. No; it was the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. MORTON. I said it was a mistake.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, the Senator from
Indiana said it was a mistake. I do not think
it is a mistake to reduce taxes. J think any
party can stand upon a reduction of taxes.
Let us reduce all the taxes that we can. I
am desirous that we should lake off the tax on
tea and coffee. We can do that, and still have
money enough to carry on the Government.
I do not want the whisky tax interfered with
this year, because I think there is a "set-up"
arrangement to make money out of the whisky
if the tax on it can be increased; but I hope to
see the day, not more than a year from this,
when whisky and tobacco will pay the whole
interest on our public debt. I know that we
can afford now to take off not only the income
tax, but the tax on tea and coffee. When I
say I know that, I refer to that large surplus,
unused and useless, in the Treasury. A busi-
ness man never leaves any large amount lying
in his coffers unused; but we have been less
wise than individuals, and we have a large
sum of money in the Treasury unused. I want
to bring all the taxes down.
But, sir, I am afraid that I shall get into a
discussion of this subject if I continue. 1 rose
to say that I hope we shall agree to take a vote,
as suggested by the Senator from Ohio, on the
question whether the income tax shall be de-
rived from corporations, and let us make that
a test vote; and if it be in order for me to
make that motion, I make it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California is entitled to the floor if he claims it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, 1 was
one of three or four Senators who resisted the
first attempt made this session to reenact the
income tax. We were then in a sad minority
of this Senate. We were a minority in num-
ber on every succeeding occasion I think when
the same question was presented. I congrat-
ulate the Senate and the country on the pro-
gress which has since been made in sound
views on that subject. I perceive very dis-
tinctly that a great many Senators who at that
time were hostile or indifferent have since
heard distinctly from their constituents. If I
know what constitutes a popular feeling, a
movement of the people on a question of gov-
ernment or a question of taxation, I am not
wrong in supposing that this is no manufac-
tured^ forced Sentiment which has, for the first
time in the Senate since I have been here,
found adequate expression to-day in a vote for
the repeal of the income tax. When a meas-
ure was last here for the purpose of limiting
the tax to official salaries, I sought then to
rid it of some of its most odious features by
raising the exemption to $2,000. That was
resisted, and successfully resisted, by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance; it found
averyslendervote, indeed, in the Senate—thir-
teen or fourteen votes. It is some satisfaction
to me to be able to say that that very line of
exemption lias since been adopted by a large
majority in the House of Representatives, and
has been adopted by the Finance Committee,
of which the Senator from Ohio is so able a
chairman.
But, sir, that has ceased to be a question for
the present. The Senate has struck out the
whole of that feature of income tax from the
bill. I regret that we could not have pro-
ceeded to deal with the sections which were
under discussion when the motion was made
to postpone the further consideration of the
bill. I mean the sections relating to income
upon dividends. I think that is.the most odious
of all the features of that tax, because it is a
tax which carries with it no indulgence of ex-
emption, and which falls with particular sever-
ity upon widows, orphans, persons of small
means, to whom what they receive in the way
of dividends is the whole, or almost the only
reliance they have.
I heartily join in the hope expressed by the
Senator from Illinois, that the Senate will not
be driven from its position either by denun-
ciations or by the well-advised apprehensions
expressed by the Senator from Ohio of a defi-
ciency in the Treasury. Sir, if there should
be a deficiency in the Treasury it may have a
wholesome effect, as has been suggested. If
there be a deficiency in the Treasury, who is
responsible for it? The chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee is responsible for it, who has
sat here in his high position, in his place of
influence at the head of that great committee,
and has never once taken a single step to put
an end to the Quixotic proceedings of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in undertaking to pay
off the national debt within this Administra-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask the Senator
what the Secretary of the Treasury could do
with the money that accumulated there, under
the existing law, but pay off the debt?
Mr. CASSERLY. The surplus in the Treas-
ury could just as well have been kept there,
and then it would have been a fund, a break-
water against these deficiencies.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then my honorable friend
would 
Mr. CASSEPJjY. I will yield to the Sen-
ator from Ohio whenever he wishes, provided
he will let me say five words atone time. Just
let me end a short sentence. I am perfectly
willing to listen, and I always listen to him
with interest, and nearly always with instruc-
tion. I say, sir, that with such a surplus as
could have been realized from suspending
or even diminishing these Quixotic payments
which have been made on (lie public debt,
which amount to nothing in their results as a
relief to the country, because if for every dollar
of interest that is taken off the people have had
to bear taxation to the extent of two dollars,
if that surplus had been retained in the Treas-
ury, in whole or in great part, as in my humble
judgment it should have been, the chairman
of the Finance Committee would not be here
to-day expressing fears and apprehensions of
a deficiency in the Treasury, fears and appie-
hensions expressed by the Senator undei such
circumstances as to warrant the conclusion that
his object is to drive the Senate back from the
position it has taken in reference to the income
tax.
