4814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
Now, sir, one worcj. more. I have spoken
already on a former occasion, when this ques-
tion was before the Senate, and it is not ray
desire now to occupy its time,; but I cannot
forbear a single remark further. The gentle-
men of the Administration party in this Cham-
ber have had much to say this morning as to
the merits of their party, in the point of view
that it is peculiarly and essentially the party
of the many against the few. If a thinking,
impartial observer had studied the course of
that party for the last five or six years, espe-
cially its policy in giving away vast tracts of
the public land to private corporations, so as
to make it nearly impossible as to half of those
lands for t.he masses to acquire homes, and as
to the remainder of them—I mean the sections
retained by the Government—doubly as diffi-
cult as ever it was before ; its course in refer-
ence to enormous and flagitious tariffs, its
course in regard to the labor question, coupled
with the fact that nearly every relentless enemy
to the effort of the laboring man to raise him-
self in society and in intelligence is to be found
in the ranks of that party ; I say, sir, it never
would occur to that impartial observer that
the glory of being the party of the masses as
against the privileges of the few was one of
the characteristics of the ruling party in this
country to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on postponing the further consideiation ot' this
bill until after the morning hour on Monday
next.
Mr. SHERMAN, With the understanding
that it shall then be treated as unfinished busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. With the under-
standing suggested by the Senator from Ohio.
'J he motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRA.GIN. 1 should like to make a
brief personal explanation. When the vote
was taken on striking out the section in rela-
tion to the income tax I was absent on ac-
count of indisposition. I bad paired with the
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Cattell,] he
being absent. The announcement was not
made. It' I had been present 1 would have
voted against striking out, and he would have
voted for it-
Mr. JOHNSTON submitted two amend-
ments, intended to be offered to the bill (II.
II. No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
phhsidentrl avpltovaiis.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Pouter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following bill and
joint resolution :
A bill (S. N. 09) to pay loyal citizens in the
States lately in rebellion for services in taking
the United States census of 1800 ; and
A joint resolution (S. li. No. 101) for the
relief of Lewis D. Smith.
message from ti1b house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clixtox Lt.otd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 237) to amend an act entitled "An act
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
license yachts" without amendment.
en'kolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolution ; and they j
were thereupon signed by the Vice Piesident :
A bill (II. R. No. 572) to amend an act j
incorporating the National Junction Railway
Company; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 8f>) concern-
ing the Southern Pacific railroad of California.
e x e c u tiv communication
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the acting Secretary of the
Interior, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 23d instant, a
copy of the letter addressed by the Department
of the Interior to the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office in relation to the right of the
State of Kansas to certain lands sold to the
United States by the Osage Indians under the
treaty of September 29, 18Q5; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed,
onvrni OF business.
Mr. CONKLING. I now insist upon the
regular order, which is the special order known
as the naturalization bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the 22d of
June the Senate made an order that this bill
should follow the bill to reduce taxation, and
it is now before the Senate. The Chair under-
stands that on Monday next, after the morning
hour, the bill to reducetaxatiou is to be taken
up in preference to all other business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I appeal to the
Senator from New York to allow his bill to be
laid aside informally, while the naval appro-
priation bill is taken up and finished.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to ask the Sen-
ator from New York to allow the vote to be
taken on the Cuban resolution.
Mr, CONKLING. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts seems not to have observed that in
one portion of the Chamber thero is a good
deal of still unexpended debate on the Cuban
resolution. Therefore I cannot, consent to
interposing at this time the Cuban resolution,
though I do not like to reluse the request; but
for the time being, owing to an arrangement I
made the other day with the honorable Senator
from Maine, I shall be obliged, whether I am
willing or not, to give way for his appiopria-
tion bill. After that I must insist on the nat-
uralization bill.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York consents that the bill in regard
to naturalization shall be passed over inform-
ally for the purpose of considering the naval
appropriation bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. RICE. 1 move that the appropriation
bill be postponed, and that the Southern Pa-
cific railroad bill be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDEN L\ The bill (II. R.
No. _1533) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1871, is
before the Senate, and the Senator from
Arkansas moves to postpone it and all other
orders, for the purpose of taking up the South-
ern Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator will not antagonize that against the appro-
priation bill. The Senate will remember that
this is not the beginning of the appropriation
bill; it is an attempt to finish an unfinished
appropriation bill; and there is a particular
reason why we ought to proceed with it now.
The Senator will have this eveinnc;.
Ihe \ ICE PRESIDENT, This evening
has been assigned for the consideration ot' the
bill to revise, consolidate, and amend the stat-
utes relating to patents and copyrights.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the naval
appropriation bill will not occupy much time ;
but I want to finish it to-day.
Mr. RICE. The Paciiie railroad bill is
nearly through. I think half an hour or an
hour will lo enough to complete it. That bill
has not been through the House, while these
other bills have been ; and a liitle time devoted
to it to-day will be of very great importance.
I think that really the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations ought to give way
and let us finish the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But fhe Senator
will see that this bill is only informally before
the Senate, and his will be in the same condi-
tion, if taken up.
Mr. RICE. It will not be informally before
the Senate if taken up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes; for there
is a special order of the Senator from New
York.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Arkansas. Having
attended two evening sessions of the Senate,
and wasted myself no time in debate, but voting
whenever called upon to vote, in reference to
his bill, there being no other business for
those evenings, I think he will not doubt the
sincerity with which I make a suggestion to
him in regard to it. He is mistaken in sup-
posing that he can have a vote presently after
lie takes it up. I have heard already about
me indications which show that that cannot
be so. 'There are other matters remaining in
regard to that bill. Two evenings having been
devoted to it exclusively, I ask the Senator not
to interfere with the naturalization bill, not to
put any of us to the necessity of giving way;
but to allow his bill, which has been twice con-
sidered so recently, to wait for a little until
something of more general interest has had
an opportunity as well as the Southern Pacific
railroad.
Mr. RICE. I wish to state, in response to
the Senator from New York, that on this bill
which I am frying to get up now we have not
been allowed any daylight, not an hour, not a
minute. I wish further to say that it is a bill
of just as much importance to the country as
the naturalization bill. 1 wish to say further,
that we have had no general bill applying to
our section of country this winter before the
Senate, and if it is thought best not to antag-
onize this against the naturalization bill, and
thought best not to antagonize it against the
tax bill, or against any appropriation bill, I
should like to know when we are going to take
it up and vote upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. Just such times as you
have had twice lately for hours together.
Mr. STEWART. Let us take to-morrow
evening for it.
Mr. HICE. I am willing, if we can get unan-
imous consent, to take up this bill to-morrow
evening.
Mr. SUMNER. No; wo shall have been
here four nights this week, including to-night.
I think we ought not to come on Saturday
night.
Mr. RICE. Say Monday evening.
rI he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas asks that Monday evening be assigned
to the Southern Pacific railroad bill. No 1 "
"No!"]
Mr. RICE. Well, I give notice, then, that
to-morrow morning, so as not to antagonize it
against this naval appropriation bill, I shall
antagonize it against tho naturalization bill,
and at one o'clock move to take it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
postpone is withdrawn.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. CASSERLY. Before that motion ia
made, 1 ask the Senator from Indiana to allow
me to make a remark.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
^Mr, CASSERLY. I desire to make a point
of order as to the naturalization bill of the Sen-
ator from New x ork. I have no wish to detain
the Senate  
Ihe \ ICE PRESIDENT. The point of
order should have been made at the time the
Chair called the bill up ; but the Chair will en-
teitain it now.
Mr. CASSERLY. The point of order is
this: that the order made by unanimous con-
sent was that the naturalization bill should be
taken up alter the tax and tariff bill was dis-
posed ot; and I do not understand the tax and
tariff bill to have been disposed of when it was
postponed until Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, on
tho point of order, would state that the order
was made that the naturalization bill should
be made the special order of the day " next
