24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Swam.
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
must work its own remedy. The people have
had no part or lot in the ruin which the fifteenth
amendment must bring upon the country ; and
it needs no argument to prove that the Consti-
tution has been grossly violated. How far the
people may sympathize in a measure brought
about by duress, and without submission to
Legislatures elected with reference to so great
a change, it is not for me to anticipate; nor
am I prepared to indicate in what form relief
may be hoped for. The question that most
concerns the country at this time is whether
Congress in the exercise of its functions as a
coordinate branch of this Government is to be
held strictly to its delegated powers, or whether
it is to be recognized as supreme and absolute
in the exercise of others not specifically enum-
erated.
The powers of the legislative department are
most carefully defined. These powers, it will
be borne in mind, were conferred by the States
acting directly by authority of the people, in
whom all the power to form a Constitution re-
sided at the time. The object was to limit by
specific grant, the powers of Congress. The
States and the people were about to enter into
a Federal copartnership and to agree how much
of their sovereignty they would be disposed to
surrender " m order to form a more perfect
■union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defense, pro-
mote the general welfare, and secure the bless-
ings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity."
Would they have taken the trouble to go into
an enumeration so guarded and clearly defined
had they designed to give up everything and
make Congress supreme? On the contrary,
the division of power between the executive,
the legislative and judicial departments is con-
vincing proof that they intended to do no such
thing, and least of all that Congress should
be invested with power to do any act to trench
upon the reserved rights of the people, the
functions of any other department, or to inter-
fere with the express terms of the copartner-
ship as laid down and understood by the States
in the work of the Convention.
The confusion brought about by the condi-
tion of the country during a period of civil
commotion furnished a pretext for the wildest
theories in regard to our Federal system. How
mauy amendments looking to a change in your
organic law, and to centralize power in the
hands of the few have been submitted for your
action, it is unnecessary to refer to. Some of
these are still pending, I trust never to be re-
vived. The emancipation of the colored race
by general consent, with the privilege of all
the rights enjoyed by the white race except-
ing only a participation in the governmental
control of the country, was not sufficient to re-
store harmony and a respect for the ancient
safeguards which our fathers had provided as
asecurity againstusurpation and party domina-
tion. The revolted States must be treated as
aliens and conquered provinces, subject to the
absolute will of Congress ; and to secure this
element of power to the dominant party it was
necessary to enlarge the powers of Congress
by laying violent hands upon the Constitution.
This lias been the fruitful source of oil the en-
croachments upon the reserved rights of the
States and the people during and since the
close of the war. A policy so disorganizing,
and at the same time so well calculated to en-
gender strife and keep alive jealousies and
heart-burnings in all sections of our common
country, is already beginning to develop its
bitter fruits.
The presence of the African race within our
borders,and the determination by forced legisla-
tion to bring about amalgamation with our own,
holding them as a sort of reserve or balance of
power in all party contests, by conferring upon
them the right of suffrage, has shaken this
Government to its very center. The negro and
the Constitution have been pitted against each
other, and the Constitution has been made to
yield. It has built up a power independent of
the States, independent of the people, and free
from xill constitutional restraint. The fifteenth
amendment is its crowning glory. The colored
race has become demoralized under the influ-
ences of this new dispensation. It was the nat-
ural sequence of so violent a revolution in the
laws of progress. The safeguards of society were
not equal to the shock. Freedom has been con-
founded with licentiousness ; crimes unheard-
of in the past are already startling the country,
following each other in such quick succession
that even radical men begin to tremble. The
negroes have been enticed away from their
quiet pursuits to obey the call of designing
demagogues and bankrupt politicians who have
sought to use them for their ambitious ends ;
they have become wild with the delusive pros-
pect of suffrage and equality and the right to
hold office.
So far no substantial benefit has resulted to
this unfortunate race. They have been sum-
marily thrust aside by those who sought their
votes and were foremost to advocate their
claims. A single Representative in one of the
branches of Congress, returned by a meager
vote, and one remanded back to his constitu-
ents, is the only result of all the professions
and so-called negro worship, which attended the
late presidential canvass, and since that time, in
a section where the colored vote has been made
predominant by the reconstruction acts of Con-
gress. The negro is not so degraded and igno-
rant that he cannot see the inevitable fate which
it foreshadows. That he has been the victim
of a gross deception, and is already alive to its
reality, is manifest by the conservative reaction
in many parts of the South. What has been
the effect here in the District of Columbia of
these flattering promises and forced relations,
which have grown up under the protecting
wing of Congress? You have made the col-
ored race free, socially and politically, and in
every other way; the experiment has been fully
tried ; but you have not advanced one step in
blotting out the lines which separate them from
the white race. You passed laws giving the
colored man suffrage ; you have placed him on
terms of perfect equality with all other citizens;
you have invited him to your railroad cars, to
your public institutions, to your work-shops,to
your halls of legislation, but here your power
ends and here it must end. You have not
converted the people. They think as they did
before. We do not see the hand of fellowship
extended to the colored man. You have not
introduced him into your family circles; he
is not the welcome companion of your wives
and children.
It is not competent to argue that his stand-
ard of intelligence and education is too limited
to entitle him to such a recognition. We
know that there are among the colored race
intelligent men and sometimes educated men.
But you have not carried out in good faith
your theory of perfect equality, socially and
Eolitically. This you have not done. In my
tate they were invited to primary meet-
ings, to conventions, in order that they might
mingle with their white brethren and thus
break down all barriers of distinction and ex-
clusiveness. They were called our best citi-
zens. This answered for awhile; but soon
the amalgamationists became coy and distrust-
ful and ashamed of their company, and were
too happy to retire from the embarrassing posi-
tion in which they found themselves placed.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that if I were a
member of this so-called progressive party I
would stand by my colors and recognize prac-
tically and at once, however distasteful, the
obligation which it imposes. There is no
middle ground. You cannot get up here and
advocate this glorious idea of universal suffrage
and universal equality with homogeneity of
races, and at the same time turn away from all
contact with those to whom it is intended to
apply. If the colored race are our equals, we
must treat them as our equals. If we approve
the doctrine.of amalgamation, we must give
some substantial and unmistakable evidence of
the faith that is in us.
I have no confidence, Mr. Speaker, in the
present status of the southern States brought
back into the Union under the doctrine of con-
gressional reconstruction. It is the offspring
of revolution, and must be so viewed by all who
properly estimate the checks and balances of
our political system. The organic law of a
State must proceed from., the free will of its
own people; it can come legitimately from no
other source. It makes the condition of the
colored man more dangerous, if anything, than
it was before his emancipation, and may ulti-
mately prove his ruin. The States never can
be deprived of their constitutional functions.
They never were out of the Union to be dealt
with as aliens and brought back by forced con-
stitutions dictated by Congress. A rebellion
may be formidable, but cannot change the
form of our government so long as there is a
vestige of it left. The Union is not a Union
without the States, and the moment the rebel-
lion was subdued each State fell back into its
original channel. The State of Georgia has
been deprived of her representation because
certain citizens of African descent were not per-
mitted to hold seats in her Legislature. This
foreshadows the complications into which we
are fast drifting.
The Chicago platform, following the teach-
ings of the Constitution, recognizes the right
of the States to manage their domestic insti-
tutions in their own way. The same priv-
ilege must apply alike to all. Georgia was ad-
mitted back into the Union under one of these
forced constitutions. The moment she begins
to legislate Congress interferes and throws her
back into her dependent condition as a disfran-
chised State. Is Congress invested with any
power, express or implied, to create and wipe
out States at pleasure ? Can she do this without
the grossest violation of the whole principle
and theory of our Government? Is it not con-
solidation in its worst form? But whether
Georgia violated any cardinal feature of her
forced provisional government or not, does it
not prove the utter worthlessness of all such
irregular measures, in conflict with the Constitu-
tion and free will of the people? There is not
a southern State where, sooner or later, the
same difficulty may not occur.
The interposition of Congress iu dictating
the organic law of a people is a most uncertain
dependence. Suppose a change of parties
should take place in this House, is it not rea-
sonable to suppose that the opposite line of
policy might be pursued, and that the doc-
trine, once in the Union always in the Union,
will not be without advocates on this floor?
Do you suppose that the Democratic party
should they ever get the ascendency would per-
mit Congress to erect itself into a local Legis-
lature for the reconstructed States, to interfere
and assert control whenever measures of a mere
domestic character are called in question ? We
must look at this whole subject in its practical
bearings. The effort has been to force the col-
ored man into an unnatural union with the
white race. I say you have not done it and can-
not do it. Yo may make what constitutions
you please, what one party does to-day another
may undo to-morrow. It is a mere question of
time and power. When the Constitution ceases
to be recognized as your guide, who can tell
where these conflicts will end?
The fifteenth amendment is not the work of
the people. It has been forced upon the country
by a system of intimidation and party manage-
ment, and can never receive the cordial sup-
