1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Swann.
Ho. of Reps.
port of those who profess to be governed by
constitutional law and wish to preserve intact
our republican form of government. If it was
intended to come to us with the popular sanc-
tion, why was not the issue brought squarely
before the people and their Legislatures called
together to decide whether or not they were
disposed to give it their indorsement? We
know that the people in some of the States
whose votes were necessary to the passage of
this amendment were opposed to any such rad-
ical change in your organic law. Ought they
not to have been allowed, after full delibera-
tion, to elect their Representatives with special
reference to so grave an issue? The Federal
Constitution was so formed.
The southern States are permitted to renew
their relations with the Union on the express
condition that they are to ratify this amend-
ment. They could come back in no other way.
It is the consideration of reconstruction and
readmission into the Union. It is the appli-
cation of the screw to the tortured victim.
Does the Constitution give to Congress the
power to prescribe any such terms? Is this a
Government of force merely ? Can you change
your organic law by threats and violence? To
the southern States we say, "You are out of the
Union, and the only terms on which we are
willing you should come back is your adoption
of tho fifteenth amendment, giving up what
remains of your power to the central agency,
leaving your domestic concerns to be regulated
by Congress, and subverting your republican
form of government." If any of these States
are out of the Union, the Union and the Con-
stitution upon which it rests have ceased to
exist, and the passage of the fifteenth amend-
ment by duress is practical usurpation. Point
me to any of the southern States which have
been forced to ratify this amendment who would
not have spurned the proposition had they
been allowed the option of deciding for them-
selves. Is this the freedom of the great
Eepublic ?
But what is all this worth when subjected to
the test of a restored Constitution, should that
period ever arrive ? Louis Napoleon inaugu-
rated his empire by the same species of duress
which has marked the progress of this fifteenth
amendment; lessglaring, perhaps, than what we
have witnessed here. He gave his people the
power of suffrage, but there was no recourse
but to vote with the Government in the estab-
lishment of an empire. Every voter knew that.
Congress does not even pretend to disguise its
purpose, but tells the States in plain language
you shall vote for this amendment, or remain
disfranchised and under military rule, so long
as Congress has the power, and until their
terms of readmission have been fully complied
with. Tho law of duress, applying to States as
well as individuals, is too well defined to re-
quire repetition here.
What, then, is the justification for the exer-
cise of these extraordinary powers by Congress,
if we accept the Constitution as the supreme
law of the land, and our form of government,
as adopted in 1787, as still a subsisting Gov-
ernment? Can constitutions be so tampered
with? Can forms of government be so will-
fully and recklessly subverted? Can all that
remains of popular sovereignty and free insti-
tutions in this country be so trampled upon,
without a word of protest from those for whose
welfare and benefit this Government was estab-
lished?
The rapid strides we are making toward a
centralized government, as abundantly appears
in the bill before ns, are well calculated to
excite alarm. The absorption of the reserved
powers of the States and people, has become
the startling feature of the tipaes. The original
powers of this Government no longer reside
with the people. The relations between the
creator and the creature have been changed.
There are no reserved rights in the States now
which the coordinate departments are bound
to respect. More than six years have elapsed
since the termination of the rebellion, and who-
will say that the first step has been taken toward
a just and permanent reconstruction of the
revolted States ? Is there authority for this?
Congress makes laws of probation and excom-
munication, and they are obeyed. Some of the
States are still under military rule. The writ
of habeas corpus is in the hands of the military.
The subordination of the civil to the military
power, once a living principle in your organ-
ism, is long since obsolete, and the bayonet
under the lead of Congress, has usurped the
places where justice was administered and the
people met in council to legislate for their own
welfare.
But the absence of constitutional supremacy
is only beginning to be felt. If Congress has
exceeded its authority and ignored the existence
of any reserved rights in the States and the
people, the Executive, derivinghis powers from
the same common source, may not choose to
remain a passive spectator in the conflicts-which
are likely to arise. So long as harmony con-
tinues to prevail in the party which has brought
about this fearful state of things, we may go on
without disturbance. Party unity and co-
operation are essential to peace ; but let dis-
sensions come, let jealousies and heart-burn-
ings spring up between Congress and the
Executive, as we have witnessed in the past,
and then perhaps we may appreciate the value
of a Constitution which has heretofore held in
check and limited the power of each, and
which, until recently, has proved our only
means of safety and protection. It is easy to
make laws and to wring for them an unwilling
support from the people when the legislative
and executive branches are in full accord, but
we may safely infer that with equal means
of strengthening themselves, should these co-
ordinate branches come in conflict with each
other, it would be difficult to say how and when
the trouble would end. When the late Pres-
ident was impeached and the attempt made
to vacate his office he was without popular
support. The Army and the Navy were said
to be against him. But suppose it to have
been otherwise, Congress standing upon one
construction of their powprs, and the President
another in reference to his own, do you sup-
pose that such a measure could have been
accomplished without a struggle which would
have involved the peace of the whole country?
The consolidation of power in the Federal
Government, whether in the hands of the ex-
ecutive, legislative, or judicial departments, is
full of danger. Our only safety consists in
guarding the reserved rights of the States and
the people, and confining each and all within
their limited and prescribed spheres.
It may be seriously asked, with this bill be-
fore us and after tho events of the last two
years, to what extremities we are drifting, and
whether it is really the settled purpose of those
in authority to change the form of this Govern-
ment. I came here, Mr. Speaker, in no spirit
of factious opposition to General Grant or the
dominant party. I came, if I know myself, to
lend whatever influence I might possess, in
binding up the bleeding wounds of our dis-
tracted country, prepared to unite in all meas-
ures of practical legislation, looking to the
supremacy of the Constitution and the true in-
terests of tue people. I cannot renounce the
faith in which I was educated under the guidance
of the wise and conservative men who gave us
this form of government. While European
Governments are at this very time yielding to
the demands of popular clamor for enlarged
freedom, we are gradually building up a con-
solidated system, which must sooner or later
fall under the rebuke of the same strong arm,
and which we can no more divert from its pur-
pose, than we can stay the hand of destiny.
The people may be misled and deprived of
their liberties, but restitution is a question of
time merely.
There cau lie no better illustration of the
intolerant spirit influencing extreme men of
the dominant, party at this time, the abuse of
power, and the consequences resulting from a
prostrate Constitution, than the present de-
plorable condition of the southern States.
Passing through such a war as the world had
never witnessed—a war marked by deeds of
valor on both sides, which in this feature, at
least, identified us as a kindred people—the
southern States recognized the hand of destiny
in their crushing defeat, and laid down their
arms that they might stand again united under
the flag which they had so vigorously opposed.
The penalty of treason could hardly be visited
upon whole communities banded together, as
they were, in a cause which they honestly be-
lieved to be just. Have they not lived up to the
terms of capitulation so generously accorded to
them by the great captain of the age at Appo-
mattox Court-House?
But the spirit of persecution was not to be ap-
peased by submission alone. In yielding every-
thing, there was really nothing left for greater
sacrifices than the southern people had already
made, and they retired from the field of their
fruitless struggle, powerless and subdued, to
their homes in that blighted section, once the
pride of this great Republic; in production the
first, in the intelligence of her people ranking
with the foremost, in ardor for the success of
free government the most zealous and exact-
ing, and in jealousy of despotic power and
arbitrary rule tho most vigilant and distrustful.
Such was the South in the days of her inde-
pendence and glory when the names of her sons
glittered upon every page of your legislative
history. These men, I say, retired to homes
drenched in blood, to charred and smoking
villages, to fields laid waste and desolate, and
to comrades like themselves, broken in spirit,
bankrupt in fortune, and no longer capable of
aggression or resistance. The dominant party
had nothing to fear from them. The dream
of another revolution could hardly disturb the
thoughts of bearded men. To invoke persecu-
tion and vengeance upon such a people, allied
to us by the ties of brotherhood and a common
origin, who had fought the battles of the Revo-
lution, and shared with the American people
the trials and glories of that great epoch, was
not the prompting of a generous spirit, of
men living in a Christian age and governed by
the laws of a progressive humanity.
Within a short time past the old State of
Virginia, yielding to the pressure of a central
influence heretofore unknown in the working
of our system, was graciously allowed to exer-
cise the right of suffrage with a view to resume
control of her own domestic affairs. No sooner
had this office been performed than agreat con-
servative victory was announced. General
Grant had held out hopes of justice ; but the
spirit of party could not view without concern
the handwriting upon the wall. The cry of
disloyalty was revived among the faithful.
Visions of disappointed ambition, the loss of
lucrative offices, the just retribution of outraged
communities, the end of a forced millennium
of pettifoggers and adventurers, were well cal-
culated to excite alarm. Emissaries from the
miserable league, who had held a whole people
in bondage, pursued the President in his sum-
mer recreations, to invoke his cooperation in
aid of a sinking cause, by a total abandonment
of his own avowed policy, that power might be
remanded back to the hands of those who had
so long wielded despotic sway in the South.
High Cabinet officers—one I regret to say a
representative from my own State, who, court-
ing in turn the shifting breezes of the political
compass found his ambitioa rewarded at the
