1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM
2929
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
that is a question of privilege.
Air. BENTON. I object to it.
Mr. DAWES. I accept the ruling of the
Chair, but ask that the question be put to the
House.
Mr. RANDALL. Who objects?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There is no
objection on this side of the House.
The SPEAKER. It involves a suspension
of the rules. Indefinite leave of absence has
been granted under the rules. A motion to
suspend the rules can only be made on Mon-
day, unless by unanimous consent. The Chair,
however, will submit to the House whether
this is a question of privilege.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let the resolution be
again reported.
The Clerk again read the resolution.
The question was whether the House re-
gards the resolution as a question of privilege.
The question was put; and on a division
there were—ayes 75, noes 19; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Dawes and Mr.
Ingersoll.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes eighty-six, noes not counted.
The SPEAKER. The question will be re-
garded as one of privilege. The question is
now on agreeing to the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
call Of the house.
Mr. BENTON. I rise to aquestion of priv-
ilege. My colleague [Mr. Ela] left for New
Hampshire last evening under the expectation,
as I understand, of being away a week, and
believing that he had leave of absence for a
week. It does not appear on the Journal that
such leave of absence was granted, and I think
there must have been some misapprehension
in the matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to make
a statement to the House in regard to the rights
of the gentleman from New Hampshire. [Mr.
Ela,] who under the orders of the House
must be sent for to his home in New Hamp-
shire if the House does not reverse its action.
The gentleman came to the Speaker's desk
yesterday and addressed to the Chair the in-
quiry whether the Committee of Claims was
likely to be called for public business next
week. The Chair answered that it was not at
all probable that it would be so called. The
gentleman then stated that he desired to be
absent next week and wished to ask for leave
of absence. The Chair understood that it
was a leave of absence to be asked after that
day, and accordingly did not submit the re-
quest to the House yesterday. It appears
from the statement of the gentleman's col-
league [Mr. Benton] that the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] supposed the Chair
had taken, as he usually does, a memorandum
and submitted the request to the House; and
he presumes he went off under the impression
that be would have leave of absence for next
week from the time he submitted his request.
The Chair makes this statement as a matter of
justice to the gentleman.
Mr. BENTON. I move that all proceedings
with reference to my colleague under the call
of the House of last evening be suspended, and
t hat he be considered as having leave of absence
from yesterday until the close of next week.
Mr. DAWES. Would it not be time enough
to settle the matter when the gentleman comes
back?
The SPEAKER. It would not. The 8er-
geant at-Arms is under an imperative obliga-
tion, as the order of the House now stands, to
send for him.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 184.
Mr. DAWES. Theft I do not object.
Mr. Benton's motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I also
rise to a question of privilege in connection
with the call of the House last evening. I wish
to call attention to the case of my colleague,
[Mr. Butler.] I understand that there is a
memorandum from my colleague on the desk
of tho Speaker asking leave of absence, and
that he left yesterday evening on the under-
standing that leave of absence would be granted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state what
are the facts with reference to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctlep..] The gen-
tleman left a memorandum with tho Speaker's
clerk, stating that he desired leave of absence
to date from to-day. Such memoranda, when
the Speaker is absent during sessions of the
House in Committee of the Whole, are left
with the Speaker's clerk. The Speaker's clerk
states that the gentleman from Massachusetts
especially requested that the leave of absence
should date from to-day. The Chair will lay
the precise facts in each case before the House,
and it will then be for the House to take such
action as it sees fit.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I suppose
that the reason why my colleague asked that
the leave of absence should date from to-day
was that he did not expect that the House would
be in session last evening. I therefore move
that all the proceedings under the call of the
House last evening be suspended with reference
to my colleague, and that he be considered as
having leave of absence from yesterday for
eight days.
Mr. ALLISON. On that motion I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was put on agreeing to the
motion of Mr. HoopeK, of Massachusetts; and
there were on a division—ayes 33, noes 84.
Mr. ROOTS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion was not agreed to.
.Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I was sick athome last night.
If I understand the resolution adopted by the
House last nighj; it requires members who
were then absent to be here on Monday at oae
o'clock.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair will not enter-
tain any parliamentary inquiry on that subject
on the part of a gentleman vyho is present,
the House having last night suspended all
proceedings under the call till one o'clock on
Monday.
Mr. MUNGEN. The Chair will permit me
further to state that I am compelled,on account
of sickness in my family, to leave my duties
here, and that I cannot be nere on Monday; and
I desire to have it understood that I was myself
sick last night, and on that account unable to
be here.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman will
jjg 6KCUS@d
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Mungex] states that ne is himself unwell,
and was absent last evening on that account,
and is compelled to leave the city on account
of sickness in his family, and, as his case can-
not be decided until one o'clock on Monday,
he asks as a personal favor that the House will
excuse him.
Mr. DAWES. I hope he will be excused.
Mr. SCHENCK. By unanimous consent.
There was no objection; and Mr. Mungen was
excused.
Mr. ORTH. I call for the regular order of
business.
not springs reservation, arkansas.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour com-
mences, and the House resumes the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 95) in relation to the
Hot Springs reservation, in Arkansas, reported
yesterday from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, with an amendment iu the
nature ot a substitute. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Orth] is entitled to the iloor.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker.in rny remarks yes
terday, when I was arrested by the expiration
of the morning hour, I was replying to the ob-
jections urged by my colleague, [Mr. Julian,]
the chairman of the Committee on the Public
Lands, to the passage of this bill. I shall in
the course of the few remarks that I expect to
submit this morning allude to the two remain-
ing objections which that gentleman has urged.
But before doing so, let me premise that
there are now two propositions pending before
Congress which are somewhat akin in their
nature : one the proposition now pending in
reference to the Hot Springs reservation in
Arkansas, and the other a question relating to
the squatter or preemption claimants in the
Yo Semite valley, in California. So far as I
have been able to learn there is very great sim-
ilarity between those two cases. The one case
was by this House referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims, and the other to the
Committee on the Public Lands. I hold in
my band the report presented by the chairman
of that committee in favor of the settlers upon
the public lands in the Yo Semite valley. From
this document it appears that Hutchings and
Lamon, two settlers, preempted a homestead
each in the Yo Semite valley prior to the sur-
vey of the public lands in that valley ; that sub-
sequent to that preemption and settlement
Congress by a law donated the Yo Semite valley
to the State of California, to be held in trust
for the public as a place of national resort. In
the case under consideration, as far back as
1828 or 1829, Rector and Belding settled upon
what is now known as the Hot Springs reser-
vation. In 1832 Congress by law provided that
four sections of land should be reserved from
public sale. Thus far, Mr. Speaker, both these
cases are parallel.
In the case of the Yo Semite valley there
was no survey of the public lands. There had
been likewise no survey of the public lands at
the Hot Springs, Arkansas, at the time lieetor
and Belding settled there.
Now, my colleague states that the Committee
on Private Land Claims ought to have investi-
gated the legal title, and reported to this House
its judgment between the conflicting claimants
here. I beg leave to differ with hiiu. This is
not the place for the settlement of judicial
questions. This is not a forum where there
can be that deliberation, that caution, that in-
vestigation which is necessary to the permanent
and final adjudication of rights between con-
tending parties. This Congress has heretofore
acted wisely, and I trust will here act with
similar wisdom in transferring to the courts
of the country, where these matters can be
solemnly investigated and adjudicated, these
questions of conflictingrights. That is all that
is proposed by the bill now under consideration.
But in this case in the Yo Semite valley, in
which my colleague, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, seems to have a
peculiar interest, and in which he has presented
to the House an elaborate report of a dozen
pages, he does propose to settle, and settle as
against the grant of Congress to the State of
California, the right of Hutchings and Lamou
to their preemption claims in the Yo Semite
valley; that, too, when that preemption took
place before the lands were surveyed; that,
too, when they did not perfeet their preemption;
that, too, in the face of the act of Congress
which solemnly grants the whole of the Yo
Semite valley to the State of California for the
purposes I have indicated.
Mr. JULIAN. I wish to correct my col-
league on a question of fact as well as a ques-
tion of law. Mr. Hutchings settled in the
Yo Semite valley as a preemptor on the unsur-
veved lands under an act of Congress allowing
