1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SETS
give all judicial power over them to Federal
courts. Such a policy or purpose, if it had
been presented to the country, simple and un-
masked, would have excited universal alarm.
Even the strong arm of a supreme Congress
could not have forced its ratification. It would
have been indignantly rejected and spurned by
the people. But now, so soon after its forced
ratification, its friends claim for it this wide
scope and efficacy. Over eighty years ago,
Alexander Hamilton, in the Federalist, said:
" Suppose an article had been introduced into the
Constitution, empowering tho United States to reg-
ulate the elections for the particular States, would
any man havo hesitated to condcmn it, both as an
unwarrantable transposition of power and as a pre-
meditated engine for the destruction of the State
governments?"
Yet in the first century of our national life
we find a political party that have forced upon
the country two constitutional amendments
which may be justly and truthfully character-
ized as " premeditated engines for the destruc-
tion of the State governments."
I hold, Mr. Speaker, in reference not alone
to this fifteenth amendment, but to the four-
teenth amendment, and to all like provisions
in the Constitution of the United States, and I
hold this upon the authority of a long line of
adjudicated cases, that all tho power of the
Federal Government that can be rightfully
exercised in such cases may be exercised and
exhausted against the persons who offend, and
against the persons alone; not against the State,
nor against the State law, nor by the overthrow
of the ordinary machinery or regulations of
civil government in any State. It was no part
of the purpose of the people in ratifying either
amendment to invade or destroy the original
right of local self-government in the States;
and to assume any such thing is, in my judg-
ment, to strike down the most vital security
that remains to the people of this country.
Such a construction would bo a fraud upon
thepeople, whatever may have been the scheme
of the framers of the amendments. In the
fourteenth amendment it is declared, 111 its
third section, that no person shall be a Senator
or Representative, or hold certain other offices,
who shall have engaged in the rebellion. This
creates a mere disability in the person, and
gives Congress no power beyond the mere
punishment of the offending person. It is
nowhere declared that if any such person is
elected to such office in a State, and enters
upon the functions of an office and attempts
to exercise them, therefore the Congress of
the United States may lay its hands upon the
civil organization of the State government and
tear it down, and subject it to congressional
discipline ; and any attempt to do.that is, in
my judgment, a clear and palpable usurpation
on the part of Congress. And in this connec-
tion I beg the attention of gentlemen to the
fourteenth section of this bill. The fourteenth
section declares that—
Whenever any person shall hold office, except as
a member of Congress or of some State Legislature,
contrary to the provisions of tho third section of the
fourteenth article of amendment of the Constitution
of the United States, it shall bo the duty of the dis-
trict attorney of tho United States for the district in
which such person shall hold office as aforesaid to
proceed against such person by writ of quo warranto,
returnable to the circuit ordistrict courtof the Uni-
ted States in such district, and to prosecute the same
to the removal of such person from office.
Now, sir, there are few members—I think I
am safe in saying, with all respect to the intel-
ligence of every member of the House—who
would assume that this old writ of quo warranto
has any actual subsisting existcncein this coun-
try. It is a thing of tho past in our judicial
machinery.
It is an obsolete remedy—a remedy that
once existed for the enforcement in the name
of the people of an inquiry into the right of any
person under given circumstances to hold an
office. It is proposed by this section not only
to incorporate that old remedy into the laws ot
the United States, but to extend it to an in-
quiry to be instituted by Federal officers into
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 243.
the right of a citizen of a State to hold an
office in a State—any office, civil or military,
judicial or ministerial. It may follow, there-
fore, that the United States district attorney
may sue out his writ of quo warranto to in-
quire in the State of Marylandwho was elected
to the office of constable, or coroner, or town-
ship trustee, or any other office in any county
or township in that State, or in any other State
of this Union. He may, in other words, insti-
tute an inquiry in the name of the people of
all the United States as to the authority under
which A B exercises the most inconsiderable
office in one of the smallest subdivisions of any
county of any State in the Union; and yet my
honorable colleague on the conference com-
mittee tells the House that in his judgment the
committee of the two Houses have not ex-
ceeded the constitutional powers possessed by
Congress in framing this bill!
But, Mr. Speaker, there are other provisions
in the bill which, in my judgment, are fraught
with tenfold greater danger and mischief than
those to which I have referred. If this bill
becomes a law, in some sections of the coun-
try it will become a fruitful source of trouble,
confusion, disturbance, strife, litigation, and
injustice. There is no telling what may be the
extent of the evil and agitation which may
grow out of this bill if it becomes a law in
some sections of this country. 1 will read one
section of the bill, the fourth section:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That if any per-
son, by force, bribery, threats, intimidation, or other
unlawful means, shall hinder, delay, prevent, or ob-
struct, or shall combine and eonfederatowith others
to hinder, delay, prevent, or obstruct, any citizen
from doing any act required to bo done to qualify
him to vote or from voting at any election as afore-
said, such person shall for every such offense forfeit
and pay tho sum of $500 to the person aggrieved
thereby, to bo recovered by an action on the case,
with full costs, and such allowance for counsel foes
as the court shall deem just, and shall also for every
such offenso bo guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall,
on conviction thereof, be fined not less than $500,
or he imprisoned not less than one month and not
more than one year, or both, at tho discretion of the
court.
Gentlemen will observe from the reading of
this section to what a remarkable extent there
has been incorporated in this bill the miserable
cant pretense which now prevails in some sec-
tions of this country, and which is daily resorted
to in order to defeat the will of the people and
to overthrow and override the laws of the
States and the right of representation, not alone
in the States, but in this House. By this sec-
tion there is presented to the minds of a cer-
tain class of people in this country, and espe-
cially in the South, a direct pecuniary induce-
ment, a direct bribe to stir up and cultivate
strife, to use base means to entrap good citi-
zens, and then prefer criminal charges and drag
the people into the courts of justice of the
United States for the purpose of prosecuting
and persecuting and plundering white people
who may be their neighbors, who may be in
the exercise only of their rights and acting in
precise accordance with the laws of the coun-
try. Yet the burden of their offense may con-
sist in the fact that they have only desired by
legitimate and honorable means to save them-
selves and their society from domination of
ignorance and vice, controlled by political ad-
venturers, agitators, and camp-followers, who
are unfit to control any community or any class
of people anywhere.
Yet to these fellows, by this action of Con-
gress, is presented an inducement to harass,
oppress, and persecute all persons who in the
exercise of their ordinary and just political
rights, privileges, and immunities shall attempt
by legitimate means to control the suffrage of
the colored men in the South; because, sir, it
need not be disguised that this bill, with its
prosecutions and punishments, fines, penal-
ties, and imprisonments, is aimed at the peo-
ple of the South. It is conceived in a spirit
of malignity against the people of the South.
It is designed to perpetuate in that section the
power of the Radical party, and to perpetuate
the power and domination of the colored ele-
ment in these States. .L.et this la# be, enacted,
and let a knowledge of,its existence bp brought
to the minds of the negroes of the South:, who
are under the guidance of these political ad-
veutarers, and with the aid of the pestiferous
pack of shysters and pettifoggers wl;o ;.ha®g
on the outskirts of the Republican .party,in- the
South, and infest the courts of justice in .tiiat
section, under the guidance and with the aid
of such men, of such animals, what will become
of the peace and order of that section ? -; .
It is worse than would be a direct proposi
tion to incorporate into this law the odious and
horrible principle of employing informers to
go about the country and institute prosecutions
and divide the spoils with a grasping Govern-
ment. This bill gives to each complainant
$500, "with full costs, and such allowance for
counsel fees as the court shall deem just."
Thus, further to encourage these prosecutions
and the disturbance of society, the parties
suing are promised exemption from all costs
in the employment of counsel, and the court
is permitted to pay lawyers for them at the
expense of the people of the entire country.
Let any gentleman read section four again—and
in these respects it is a copy of sections two and
three—and ask himself if a more mischievous
and damnable policy could be devised for the
destruction of the public peace? The .evil
results of this law will not bo confined to the
South. They will be experienced in a less
degree all over the country where negroes and
mean Radical white men abound.
But they are not content with these remark-
able provisions. They further provide in the
seventh section of this bill, with the most ex-
traordinary disregard of long-established and
never-questioned principles of constitutional
law—
That if in the act of violatingany provision in either
of tho two preceding sections any other felony, crime,
or misdemeanor shall bo committed, the offender,
on conviction of such violation of said sections, shall
bo punished for the same with such punishments as
are attached to the said felonies, crimes, and misde-
meanors by the laws of the State in which the offense
may bo committed.
After enacting these multitudinous crimes
and offenses in this law, it is then attempted
by a direct violation of the Constitution to
transplant into a Federal law the preexisting
laws of a State of this Union, as well as laws
which may hereafter be enacted by States, and
to provide that in addition to these congres-
sional crimes, penalties, and punishments, if
the State law shall impose any other punish-
ments, then those other punishments shall
also be considered a part of tl\is law, for the
purpose of their execution as being a part of
this law, and shall be so considered by the
officers and courts of the United States, and
any violations of those State laws shall be
made a basis of indictment or information in
Federal courts against citizens of the several
States, enforced in Federal courts, and the
penalties, fines, and punishments in execution
of State laws to be enforced by the Federal
Government against the citizens of the States.
I ask gentlemen of intelligence on this floor
if such a proposition as that was ever before
tolerated in an American Congress? I say
without hesitation that for it there is no exam-
ple in our legislative or judicial history. This
is the first instance of the kind in our history;
it is as extraordinary as it is novel, and it is
as vicious and lawless and revolutionary as it
is extraordinary. It ought to be rejected by
this House, not only with the judicial emphasis
of condemnation which it deserves, but with
indignation and contempt.
Tlie gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] •
says that this bill is intended for the purpose
of executing the fourteenth and fifteenth arti-
cles of amendment to the Constitution of the
United States. Yet one section only has any
logical relation to the fourteenth article ot
amendment, that is the fourteenth section ;
and one section alone has direct and logical
reference to the enforcement of the fifteenth
article of amendment; and that is all. Yet there
