1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
bat ion of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office and the approbation of the entire
delegation, to correct some errors, I ask for
its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committeeof the Whole,proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides that in cases where entries
were made under the act of Congress approved
the 4th of August, 1854, entitled "An act to
graduate and reduce the price of the public
lands to actual settlers and cultivators;" and
the parties in good faith went upon the land
embraced iu their entries, and became actual
settlers and cultivators thereof, according to
the reauirements of the law, but were after-
ward forced to abandon their homes on the
land in consequence of the disturbed condi-
tion of the country daring the late war, their
entries shall be confirmed and patented, not-
withstanding such abandonment, on satisfac-
tory proof of the facts being produced to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office
within twelve months from the approval of this
act. But nothing in the act is to be so con-
strued as to confirm any entries which have
heretofore been annulled and vacated by said
Commissioner on account of fraud, evasion of
law, or other special cause.
Mr. WARNER. I would suggest an amend-
ment in order to make the bill purely local by
inserting the words "in Alabama."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made if there be no objection. The
Committee on Public Lands reported an amend-
ment, which will be read.
The Secretary. The amendment of the
committee is in line twelve, after the word
"patented," to insert "to them, their heirs,
or assigns, respectively;'' so as to read:
Their entries shall bo confirmed and patented to
them, their heirs, or assigns, respectively, notwitli-
standingsuoh abandonment, on satisfactory proof of
tho facts being produced to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office within twelve months from the
approval of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know that I am
opposed to this bill; but I should like to un-
derstand whether it has some proper safeguards
about it. The laws require a certain period
of residence in order to entitle a person to pre-
emption or to the benefit of the homestead law.
This bill, if I catch its purport rightly, pro-
poses to dispense with a portion of that resi-
dence because those who had taken up their
residence on the land wore driven off. Now,
it may be that in the long period intervening
between 1805, when the war closed, and 1870,
some intervening rights became vested. I
should like to know from the gentleman who
presents the bill whether, if that be the case,
they are protected; and if, in regard to other
cases, it would not be right to require that the
persons who actually occupied the land, but
who were driven off before the period of occu-
pancy prescribed by the law expired, should
complete that period of occupancy before their
title should be perfected? 1 ask for informa-
tion on this subject.
Mr. SPENCER. As I introduced the bill
I will endeavor to explain it as briefly as pos-
sible. This bill only refers to entries made
under the graduation act of 1854. There were
a large number of entries made by parties who
settled upon the land previous to the time the
war commenced. By that act a certain length
of time was necessary to complete their titles.
Prior to tho time for the issue of patents the
war occurred, and some of those settlers were
driven off. The entries were made from the
year 1855 to 1861. The parties received their
certificates and supposed their titles were good,
but they had not received their patents up to
the time of the breaking out of the war in 1861.
During the war many of them were driven off;
others made changes, and now tho land office
at Huntsville refuses to issue patents cxcept
to those who are actual residents at the pres-
ent time upon the land.
Mr. POMERdY. Does this bill interfere
with any rights that have accrued sinc.e they
left the land?
Mr. SPENCER. There are no such rights.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have this
bill laid over until to-morrow. I wish to see
whether it interferes with any rights that have
accrued.
Mr. SPENCER. The bill was drawn up by
Mr. Wilson, of the General Laud Office; who
thoroughly understands the subject. It inter-
feres in no way with any vested rights. It is
perfectly just, right, and proper.
Mr. POMEROY. I only want to knowifit
does interfere with any rights that have vested
since these persons went off the land,
Mr. SPENCER. It does not.
Mr. POMEROY. The fact that the bill is
silent on that point rather implies that it may,
I think. Certainly, after parties left the land
others might have acquired rights.
Mr. SPENCER. These parties sold the
land. This is for the benefit of parties who
made trades or sold the land. None of the
land has been entered technically; the land
offices have not been open for entries since that
time.
Mr. POMEROY. The design of the gradu-
ation act was not that parties might get rights
and sell them, but it was that they should get
rights for homesteads to themselves.
Mr. SPENCER. I understand that; but the
war forced a great many changes that other-
wise would not have taken place.
Mr. CONKLING. If there be doubt about
this why not add a proviso, " provided this
act shall not affect the rights of subsequent
purchasers in good faith?"
Mr. SPENCER. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I suggest this
amendment:
Provided, That this act shall not affect the rights
of subsequent purchasers in good faith.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
York.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
The title was amended so as to read "A bill
to confirm entries of public land in certain
cases in the State of Alabama."
bill introduced.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 075) to facilitate postal intercourse with
foreign countries; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
freedmen among ciioctaws, etc.
Mr. WILSON submitted tho following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of "VVar be dircc tod to
communicate to the Senatetho report madebyMajor
Clarlc to General 0.0. Howard, Commissioner of tho
I' reedmen s Bureau, on the condition of the freed-
men in the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indian nations.
withdrawal op papers.
On motion of Mr. DRAKE, it was
Ordered, That J. H. Merrill have leave to with-
draw his petition and other papers for compensation
for services rendered in the Army during the rebel-
lion, and also at San Francisco in the year 1819, from
the files of the Senate.
northern pacific railway.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move that Senate
joint resolution No. 121, authorizing the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company to issue
its bonds for the construction of its road and
to secure the same by mortgage, be made the
special order for Monday next at one o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
have any objection to having that measure
considered; but I doubt the propriety of
making it a special order at this time. We
have several matters of pressing importance
that must first be disposed of. Here is the
Georgia bill; here is the Texas bill. The
Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] has sev-
eral appropriation bills, but I do not know
that he is pressing them.
Mr. HOWARD. If there is any unfinished
business at that time of course it will take
precedence; but this is a subject that ought to
be acted on.
Mr. KELLOGG. Does not this motion
require unanimous consent?
The VICE' PRESIDENT. It requires a
two-thirds vote by the rules.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the order will not
be made.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope this will be made
a special order. The parties who are now
engaged in the work are making preparations,
and they are in a state of uncertainty in con-
sequence of this resolution not being acted
upon. I hope it will be acted upon at the
earliest possible day. I trust we shall make it
the special order for Monday.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall vote for this
motion, and chiefly for this reason : this meas-
ure is one of a class of bills that are best
considered, I think, when we know in advance
the time when they are to be taken up. Those
who wish to object to the bill, who are able
to show, if such be the fact, that it ought not
to receive the approval of the Senate, know
then; and all other members of the Senate
know in advance the time when the bill is
to be considered, and derive an advantage
from that fact. Therefore, be the bill merit-
orious or otherwise, it belongs to a class which
I think it is well to consider on a day fixed in
advance, so that I shall vote cheerfully for the
motion.   '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan,
which requires a two-thirds vote.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
A message,from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 191) ap-
propriating to the widow and children of the
late E. M. Stanton, for their use, a sum equal
to one year's salary of an associate justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States ; and
it was thereupon signed by the Vice President.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
signed and approved the bill (S. No. 260) for
the relief of Polly Hunt, administratrix, and
George W. Hunt, administrator, of the estate
of Walter Hunt, deceased.
state OF georgia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Themorninghour
has expired and the Georgia bill is before the
Senate, and the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORTON. I decline the floor for the
present.
Mr. REVELS. Mr. President, I rise at this
particular juncture in thediscussionofthe Geor-
gia bill with feelings which perhaps never before
entered into the experience of any member of
this body. I rise, too, with misgivings as to
the propriety of lifting my voice at this early
period after my admission into the Senate.
Perhaps it were wiser for mo, so inexperienced
in the details of senatorial duties, to have re-
mained a passive listener in the progress of
this debate; but when I remember that my
term is short, and that the issues with which
this bill is fraught are momentous in their
present and future influence upon the well-
being of my race, I would seem indifferent to
the importance of the hour and recreant to the
