4818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, was to
add the following as an additional section :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the chiefs
of bureaus in the Navy Department shall be entitled
to the pay of commodores on shore duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thenextamendmentreported by Mr. Drake,
from the Committee on Navi.1 Affairs, was to
insert the following as a new section :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the duties
of Naval Judge Advocate General shall hereafter be
discharged by an offiecr of the Navy, not below the
grade of commander, detailed for that purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported by Mr. Drake, was to
insert the following a new section :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That expenses
incurred by any officer of the Navy for medicines
and medical attendance shall not be allowed unless
they were incurred when he was on duty, and the
medicines could not have been obtained from naval
supplies, or the attendance of a naval medical officer
could not have been had; nor shall any funeral ex-
penses of a naval officer who died in the United
States, or expenses for travel to attend the funeral
of an officer who died there be allowed; but when an
officer on duty dies in a foreign country the expense
of his funeral, not exceeding his sea-pay for one
month, shall be defrayed by the Government, and
paid by the paymaster upon whose books the name
of such officer wa3 borno for pay.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator from
Rhode Island lias an amendment from (he
Naval Committee, which it is proper should be
offered just here.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to offer the fal-
lowing amendment:
And be it further enacted, That a vote of thauka by
Congress to any officer of the Navy shall be held to
atlect such officer only; and When, as an incident
thereof, an officer who would otherwise bo retired
has been or is retained on the active list, such reten-
tionshall not interfere with the regular promotion of
others who would otherwise have been entitled by
law to promotion; and where any officer has already
been retired to a grade lower than ho would have
been had the provisions of this law been in force, ho
shall be entitled to the same provision as if they had
beenin force at the time of his retirement: Provided,
however. That no promotion shall be made to fill a
vacancy occasioned by the final retirement, death,
resignation, or dismissal of an officer who has received
a vote of thanks unless the number of officers left in
the grade where the vacancy oeoursshall be less than
the number authorized by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I offer another amendment,
of which I gave notice separately the other day
to the Committee on Appropriations ;
And be it further enacted, That the superintendent
of theNiival Observatory bo, and heis hereby, au-
thorized to contract for the construction of a refract-
ing telescope of the largest size, of American manu-
facture, at a. cost not exceeding £50,000; and the sum
of 410,000 is hereby appropiiated in part payment
therefor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The last amendment reported by Mr. Drake
from the Committee on Naval Affairs was to
add the following as an additional section:
Sec. —, And be it further enacted, That all acts or
parts of acts inconsistent with this act are hereby
repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
of the Committee on Naval Affairs heretofore
reserved will now be reported by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment
reserved is to insert on page 5, in line ninety-
two, after the word "dollars," in the appro-
priations for the navy-yard at Kittery, Maine,
"for chief accountant, $1,800, and for clerk
to the same, $1,200."
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations whether he still objects to an allow-
ance of a clerk in that case ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs had better not press
these clerks. I have no objection to the ac-
countants.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish to press this
matter unduly; and 1 will merely state to the
Senate that this is an item which has been in
the appropriation bills for years, and that I
have information which leads me to believe
that the chief accountant at a navy-yard can-
not alone discharge all these duties, and that
it is very important that he should have a clerk.
The chief accountants have had clerks all along.
I submit to the Senator whether it would not
be better just to let the item go in as moved by
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and as these
amendments will have to become the subject
of a conference between the two Houses, let
the matter be settled there, after an inter-
change of views.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All I can say is,
that it is not a good thing to throw too many
of these matters into the committee of con-
ference ; and my information from the Depart-
ment is that neither the accountants nor their
clerks are deemed necessary. At the same
time, I am perfectly willing that at the large
navy-yards an accountant should be provided
for ; but I can hardiy conceive that a clerk to
him is necessary.
Mr. DRAKE. The accountant i3 only moved
now at the large navy-yards. There are two
or three yards in regard to which no motion of
that kind is made. I trust the Senate will agree
to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk. The next reserved amend-
ment of the Committee on Naval Affairs is in
page 5, after the word "dollars," in line one'
hundred and two, in the appropriations for
the navy-yard at Boston, to insert "for chief
accountant, §1,800, and clerk for the same,
$1,200."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Naval Affairs propose the same amend-
ment, in line one hundred and twelve, for the
New York navy-yard ; in line one hundred and
twenty-one, for the Philadelphianavy-yard; in
line one hundred and thirty, for the Washington
navy-yard, and in line one hundred and fifty-
six, for the navy-yard at Mare Island, Califor-
nia. If there be no objection, these amend-
ments will all be regarded as agreed to. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. DRAKE. There are a number of other
amendments among those reported by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, which are to strike
out of the items of appropriations for various
navy-yards the words "clerk to paymaster,
$1,200; clerk to inspector of provisions and
clothing, $1,200." The bill, as reported by
the Committee on Appropriations, contains
divers appropriations forclerks to paymasters
and clerks to inspectors of provisions and cloth-
ing at different navy-yards. I suggest to the
honorable Senator that those items of appro-
priations ought not to be in this bill in separate
form.
On the third page of the printed amendment
of the Naval Committee, beginning at line
forty-three, it will be perceived that there are
a number of amendments proposing to strike
out appropriations for clerks to paymasters
and clerks to inspectors of provisions and
clothing, in various parts of the printed bill.
I wish to suggest to the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations that these
appropriations ought not to be in the bill at
all. These employ6s are a part of the officers
of the Navy who are paid out of the pay fund
of the Navy. They are borne on the Navy
Register as part of the officers of the Navy,
and their pay is fixed in this pay bill, and is
now at a different rate from that which the
portions here proposed to be stricken out pro-
vide for. Therefore it is that the committee
make this motion to stake out the different
appropriations for clerks to paymasters and
clerks to inspectors of provisions and clothing,
for the reason that they are paid out of the
pay fund of the Navy. They are officers of
the Navy, and_ there would be no more propri-
ety in providing for the pay of boatswains and
carpenters separately than there is in providing
for the pay of these clerks separately.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They are esti-
mated for.
Mr. DRAKE. I know they are estimated
for; but they are a part of the officers of the
Navy, whose pay is included in the general
appropriation for the pay of' officers of the
Navy.
Mr. CRAGIN. Formerly these clerks were
regarded as belonging to the civil list, and were
paid out of the appropriation for the civil list;
but the Attorney General decided that they
were officers of the Navy, and entitled to the
thirty-three and one third per cent, increase
of pay; and therefore they are now regarded
as officers of the Navy, and are paid out of the
naval pay fund.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let me see if I
understand the proposition. Is it to strike cut
all the clerks on the civil establishment at the
navy-yards?
Mr. DRAKE. To strike out the clerks to
the paymasters and to the inspectors of pro-
visions and clothing, for the simple reason
that they were held by the Navy Department,
and, if I am not mistaken, by a decision of the
Attorney General, to be officers of the Navy.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to their going out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection those items will be regarded as
stricken out, and the Secretary will alter the
aggregate amount of the appropriations in
those various paragraphs rendered necessary
by striking out those words.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose that is a matter
of clerical arrangement, which can be done at
any moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
done.
Mr. DRAKE. There is one amendment on
page 5 of the printed amendments of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs which the Committee
on Appropriations did not report in favor of,
and 1 will ask the chairman if that amendment
attracted his attention particularly?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is it?
Mr. DRAKE. On page 20 of the bill, in line
four hundred and sixty-seven, before the word
"assistant" to insert " one writer to inspector
of provisions and clothing, $1,017 25."
I will state that the chief of the Bureau of
Provisions and Clothing requested the com-
mittee very earnestly to get a writer allowed
at the place where this amendment is designed
to put him, Mare Island. I simply state the
fact for the information of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, and I hope that
he will be willing upon that representation to
allow it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. If the various items in regard
to the clerks to the inspectors of provisions and
clothing and clerks to paymasters are stricken
out, 1 am through.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The general prop-
osition of the Senator to strike out all those
items was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I am through with the
amendments of the Naval Committee, so far
as I am concerned.
Mr- AN 1HONY. Igave notice of an amend-
ment lor fulfilling and closing contracts for
to0"* for navy-yards, $150,000." Is that in-
cluded in the amendment appropriating five
hundred and odd thousand dollars for fulli]lin<T
contracts? "
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, That is my un-
derstanding.
Mr. ANTHONY. If it would suitthe com-
mittee as well, I think it would be better to put
in this specific amendment and to reduce the
other one proportionally, not increasing the
total amount.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That matter is
gomg to be discussed in the Senate. It has
been acted upon in committee.
