28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 20,
Ho. 01? Reps.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Loughridge.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
papers accompanying the message. Speaking
of the state of affairs in Georgia, he says :
"In many parts of the State there is practically no
government: the worst of crimes are committed and
no attempt is mado to punish thoso who commit
them; murders have boon and are very frequent,
and the abuse in various ways of Macks is too com-
mon to cxcitc notice. There can he no doubt of the
existence of numerous insurrectionary organizations
known as the 'ICuklux Klaus' who, shielded by
their disguise, by the secrecy of their movements,
and by the terror which they inspire, perpetrate
crimes with impunity. There is great reason to be-
lieve that in some easeslocal magistrates are in sym-
pathy with these organizations. In many places
they are overawed by them and dare not attempt to
punish them. To punish such offenders by civil pro-
ceedings would be a difficult task, even were magis-
trates in all eases disposed and had they courage to
do their duty; for the same influences which govern
them equally affect juries and witnesses. A conver-
sation which I have had with a wealthy planter, a
gentleman of intelligence and education and a po-
litical opponent of the national Administration, will
illustrate thedifficulty. While deploring the lament-
able state of affairs in tlie county ill which he lives
he frankly admitted to me that wore the most worth-
less vagabonds in tho county to bo charged with
crimes against the person of a .Republican or a negro
neither he nor any other person of property within
tho county would dare to refuse to pive bail for the
offender, nor would they dare to testify against him,
whatever might be their knowledge of his guilt."
That society would be utterly rotten and its
rehabilitation hopeless where the majority of
its people could sanction such depravity and
•lawlessness. Even in the wildest orgies of the
French revolution, when France indulged in a
saturnalia of blood and all dissent was hushed,
there was a horror of the fell spirits of the
clubs that soon was manifested when the spell
of terror was broken. That is now the hope
nf Georgia. The State must be rescued from
these terrorists that the voice of reason and
humanity, stifled among its citizens, may be
heard. General Terry bears evidence that
it is a dominant, reckless minority that work
these scenes of violence and outrage. He says:
" I do not suppose that the great majority of tho
people of tho ,State of either race approve of the
commission of theso crimes. I believe that not only
would they grladlvsco good orderrestored, peace and
runet maintained, and law vindicated, but would
lend their aid to securo these ends were they not
controlled by their fears. Governed, however, by
these apprehensions, and having no confidence that
tlio civil authorities will afford them protection, in
many counties they suiter these evils to exist with-
out an effort to abato them, and meekly submit to
tho rule of a disorderly and criminal minority/'
To the same end is tho testimony of Gov-
ernor Bullock, tho chief magistrate of the State.
The poor gentlemen who came here in the
spring to depict the condition of their State
and beg for relief could not in life speak so
eloquently as they now speak in their bloody
shrouds. They have carried the accusations
to a higher tribunal; and well will it be for us
if we escape condemnation there for our cruel
delays in devising relief, which have sent
them and many another to untimely deaths.
But tho gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Woodwaud] visited Macon during the recent
agricultural fair, and he bears testimony to
the loyalty and good order that prevailed
there. Ilis idea of loyalty and that of those
who fought against rebellion have never coin-
cided. How loyal was it in the managers
of that fair to refuse to raise the American flag
over the pavilion lest it cause disturbance among
those who attended! Is this the evidence that
the people of Georgia "are just as faithfully
attached to the Government as if they had
never seceded?" It is idle to talk of submis-
sion to national authority when that authority
is flagrantly defied; to talk ofgood order, when
political murder and persecution is rampant
and unpunished, and loyal men are refugees
from their homes ; of freedom, when the better
impulses, the humanity of the community, are
cowered by a desperate minority; of loyalty
and attachment to the Government, when the
national flag cannot be flung to the breeze
without a riot, even in the presence of national
Representatives invited to witness the con-
dition of the State.
In the light of such surroundings the path
of duty for this Congress is clear and plain.
All departments of the Government have
outlined it—the general of the department,
the chief Executive, the committees of both
Houses. The President's recommendation was
clear and emphatic. General Terry saw it
clearly. To the simple soldier, reading the
legislation of the country, it appeared that the
national honor is pledged to the protection of
the loyalists and freedmen of the South; and,
unlike the gentleman from. Pennsylvania, he
considered hostility against the supporters of
the" Government as hostility to the Government
itself. And he says, in conclusion:
" I desire to express my conviction that the only
■way to restore good order in the State is to resume
military control over it for the time being, and ulti-
mately provide by law that the Legislature shall
reassemble aa a provisional Legislature, from which
all ineligible persons shall be excluded, and to which
all eligible persons elected to it, either white or
black, shall be admitted. Such Legislature would,
I believe, enact such laws and invest their Executive
witli such powers as would enable him to keep the
poaee, protect life and property, and punish crime."
Such will be the effect of the present bill if
enacted. It will wrest the power of evil from
the desperate elements of that afflicted com-
munity. It is conceived in no spirit of hos-
tility to Georgia or the South. The real en-
emies of Georgia are those who on this floor
and elsewhere obstruct legislation needful for
restoring to all men their rights, to prevent
and_ punish high-handed crime. Is it not a
a misfortune for any State that men can be
murdered with impunity for political opinion
and action in its midst? Is it not afflicted
when its citizens can be driven from their
homes into exile for any cause? Is it not
cursed when men of wealth, respectability,
and humanity dare not, out of regard to their
own safety, protest or even to give evidence
in a court of justice against red-handed vil-
lains; when crime seeks not even excuse, but
is bold, defiant, unblushing, and unpunished ?
We should be unworthy our places in this Hall
did we not take the jurisdiction sanctioned by
the Constitution and demanded by public safety
and decree that these things shall end.
The necessity of action is then upon us, and
the mode of that action is hardly a question of
choice. Gentlemen upon the other side do not
suggest any other course that will vindicate
the national dignity or restore peace to the
State of Georgia. They know that the only
adequate remedy is to take away the corporate
existence we gave - an existence which is for-
feited by violation of the compact of her ad-
mission as a State and by the oppression of
those whom our honor and her obligations
should protect. We have waited long and
patiently for Georgia to recede from its faith-
less position, and its rebel directors have grown
bold and more cruel from our hesitation. In
mercy to the vast majority of its people we will
now exercise the powers that reside in the
legislative branch of the Government, and with
the concurrence of the Executive disrobe her
of powers that have been so faithlessly used.
But it cannot be urged against this measure
that its purpose is the indefinite exclusion of
Georgia. We propose by it to readmit it to
the fellowshipof States just as soon as its con-
duct shall furnish security for the future. Upon
the same principle that Congress from time
immemorial has required of States condititans-
precedent to their admission we may prescribe
any conditions necessary to the public safety
as precedent conditions to the readmission of
Georgia. I have shown that we must have the
power to repeal any act of admission for a
violated covenant as the only remedy for such
infraction of national law and public faith.
In that act of repeal Congress may make
further conditions for readmission. Those
conditions may as well be contained in the re-
pealing act as in a subsequent one. The whole
question is open for action in such a case. So
here we in effect repeal the acts that gave
corporate existence to Georgia for reasons
growing out of its owfi action and condition;
and we may well require any conditions for
its readmission that we could require had it
never been admitted. It is hardly to be con-
tended, in view of proper verdicts repeatedly
sanctioning the action of Congress in that re-
gard, and of judicial decisions recognizing the
validity of the fourteenth amendment, that
Congress cannot require as a condition of the
rehabilitation of a State that it shall ratify
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. I shallnotgooverthatground. All
such questions are tried before the great tri-
bunal of public opinion which is rarely misled
by sophistry. That tribunal has rendered its
decision afterfull consideration, and there I let
that matter rest, well satisfied with the result.
In strict accordance with recent precedents so
sanctioned we shall require of Georgia the
ratification of the fifteenth amendment. The
conditions we exact are not greater than those
required of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas,
and she has only herself to blame that they
are required at all.
Mr. Speaker, it was the hope of the Repub-
lican party that the measures which passed Con-
gress for the reconstruction of Georgia would
have been final, and that 110 further supervision
would be necessary. There has been an anxious
desire in the party to hasten the work of recon-
ciling to the Union all the rebei States. We have
earnestly desired the peaceand prosperity of the
South. The stories of wrong and outrage that
came from there have pained our hearts. We
have rejoiced when any southern statesman
has given up his prejudices and sought to induce
his neighbors to live in peace and harmony
in the Union. We have been fast rather than
slow to believe in rebel repentance, as in the
case of Georgia, and been compelled to retard
our steps as we now are compelled to retrace
them. I know I express the sentiments of this
side of this Hall when I say we earnestly hope
for the speedy coming of the day when the
hearts of all our people will be closely knit
together, when industry and peace shall per-
vade the land, and liberty regulated by justice
be enjoyed throughout the'Republic.
Reconstruction of Georgia.
SPEECH OF HON. W. LOUGHRIDGE,
01? IOWA,
Ix THE HotfSE OF BBPliESENTATIVES,
December 20, 1869,
On the bill (S. No. 281) to provide for the reconstruc-
tion of the State of Georgia.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I am
in favor of the passage of this bill, as I believe
it to be eminently just and proper, and I have
no doubt as to its constitstionality.
I have listened attentively to the arguments
of gentlemen upon the other side of the House
against this bill, but I have been unable to dis-
cover anything different from the old argu-
ments urged by them upon every occasion since
the commencement of the war against every
act and_ every measure of the Government to
defend its own existence and preserve our in-
stitutions.
These arguments of tyranny, usurpation, and
unconstitutionality, as applied to the acts of
the Government in its prosecution of the war
and the reconstruction of the rebel States, have
become stale and threadbare; they have been
harped upon so long that the country has be-
come weary of them. This whole question is
well understood. A few words suffice to state
it, as it has been stated times without number.
The people of eleven of the States volun-
tarily and formally renounced their allegianea
