2930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
preemption on such lands. That act of Con-
gress allowing preemptions on utisurveyed
lands was only cuacted in 1864, and there was
consequently no law allowing preemption on
such lands in the case of the Hot Spriugs:
nor was the general preemption law of 1841
enacted. The facts to which the gentleman
refers transpired prior to the enactment of
that law, and deprive the case of any analogy
whatever to that of the Yo Somite valley case.
The settlers on the Hot Springs reservation
had no law to shelter them, and were, strictly
speaking, trespassers, and are liable for the
use and occnp&tion of the land.
Mr. ORTH. I understand all that.* But
my colleague will not pretend to say that there
was acquired title to the land prior to the grant
by Congress of the whole Yo Semite valley to
the State of California.
Mr. JULIAN. These parties entered upon
the land and made their settlement there prior
to the grant by Congress, and that is the sole
ground upon which they rest their claim. They
did not take all the steps necessary to complete
their title, because they could not do so prior
to the survey; but they settled there before the
act of Congress making the grant to the State
of California, as they had the right to do under
the preemption laws, and as the settlers on the
Hot Springs reservation did not have the right
to do.
Mr. ORTH. I have in my hand the report
of the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. JUL TAN. That is good authority.
Mr. ORTH. I will read from that report to
show that the opposition of my colleague to
the passage of this bill is met by his own irre-
sistible arguments in this report. He told us
yesterday that the title of the United States
to the Hot Springs reservation was clear be-
jond all controversy, and had so been settled
by the land department of the Government.
It was clear beyond all controversy to whom?
To the branch of the Government that was
called upon to settle the question—the land
department. Now, does not the gentleman
show in this report that the land department
has equally decided against the claimants in
the Yo Semite valley?
Mr. JULIAN. The land department never
made any ruling respecting the Yo Semite
valley case.
Mr. ORTH. They have ruled a principle
which the gentleman combats In this report, a
principle which if adhered to would apply to the
land claimed by the settlers in the Yo Semite
valley. That my colleague will not deny. In
this report he says:
"The committee regret to say that this question
has been treated of late as an open one."
What question ? The question as to the rights
of settlers and preomptors in good faith.
"They regret still more that the executive depart-
ment of the Government has decided it against oar
pioneer settlers."
When they settle in the Yo Semite valley they
are " pioneer settlerswhen they settle upon
the Hot Springs reservation in Arkansas they
are, in the language of my colleague on yester-
day, '' squatters and trespassers." He goes on
to say in this report:
"And weshall, therefore, examine the position with
more care than could otherwise have been deemed
necessary. The very point arose in a ease which was
submitted to the Interior Department under the last
administration. Greatly to the surprise of lawyers,
and to the serious disappointment of the settlers
whose rights were involved, the Secretary of the
Interior referred the question as a doubtful one to
Attorney General Speed."
What question ? The question as to whether
parties who have entered in good faith upon
the public lands of this Government and com-
plied with the laws so far as it is in their power
to comply with them, shall be considered as
squatters or trespassers, or whether they shall
be treated as having honestly acquired an
equitable right which the Government of the
United States is willing to have investigated.
That is the whole question at issue on this Hot
Springs case.
What are the facts, and- what are the pro-
visions of law which the committee with entire
unanimity have submitted to this House for its
approval, and which receive the unanimous
concurrence of the entire delegation from the
State of Arkansas? The facts are these: forty
years ago or more Mr. Rector and Mr, Belding
entered into possession of certain lands em-
braced within what is now known as the Hot
Springs reservation. They have remained in
possession of those lands from that day to this
hour. Now, I submit to my colleague, [Mr.
Julian,] whose vigilance I am ever willing to
accord him credit for, that if the title of the
United States Government to this vast tract of
valuable land, worth at least. $1,000,000, as
appears conclusively from testimony before
our committee—if the title of the United States
had been so clear and unquestionable as he
intimated yesterday, why has not his commit-
tee, of which he has been a member for the
last ten years, brought that question to I lie
notice of this House and authorized the Gov-
ernment to take possession of this valuable
property, the yearly rental of which is at least
$50,000?
Mr. JULIAN. The Committee on the Public
Lands have not brought that question before
this House because, until recently, no private
claimants asserted any title to these lands;
and therefore we had nothing to do with the
question.
Mr. ORTH. My colleague is aware that,
whether they asserted title or not, these parties
were in possession and have been for thirty
years, and that the possession is a most valu-
able one. Why, sir, tliese hot springs afford
probably the most healing waters upon the face
of God's earth. The place is one of public
resort. The possessory title to these hot springs,
as testified before our committee, is worth at
least $50,000 a year. If, then, the gentleman,
with his high regard for the interests of the
United States in its public lands, has stood by
more than ten years and suffered these " squat-
ters'' and trespassers to remain in possession
of this valuable property of the Government,
I submit it does not come with a very good
grace from him now to find fault with our com-
mittee, when we present a bill providing that
within ninety days all parties claiming this
property may go into a court of our own selec-
tion to assert their claim ; and that if they fail
to come forward within ninety days they shall
be forever barred, and the Government shall
take possession of the property.
Now, then, Mr. Speaker,these parties entered
into possession. Three or four years there-
after Congress passed a law reserving from
public sale four sections of this land. Thus
matters have stood up to the time of the intro-
duction of this bill. The people of the State
of Arkansas are indirectly interested in the
adjustment of this title. My friend from Arkan-
sas [Mr. Rogers] who represents the district
in which these lands are situated, has told me
that his constituents are pressing for a settle-
ment of this title.
This bill does not declare that the title is in
A, or B, or anybody else; it simply refers the
whole matter to the Court of Claims for adjudi-
cation. It provides further that within ninety
days from the passage of the act the claimants
shall file their petition in the Court of Claims
at Washington. Why in the Court of Claims ?
Because the committee desire to bring this case
for adjudication before a tribunal away from
the immediate locality in which these springs
are situated. They desire to avoid the influence
of any undue prejudice which may exist in that
locality against the rights of the Government.
Hence we select the Court of Claims.
We provide a limitation of ninety days with-
in which all parties professing to have claims
to this property may present those claims ; if
they fail to come forward within that time they
are to be forever debarred. When those claims
have been filed, it is made the duty of the Attor-
ney General, the law officer of the Government,
to attend to the interests of the United Stntes-
and if the judgment ot' the Court of Claims'
should be adverse to the interests of the Gov-
ernment, it is made his duty, under the hill, to
take an appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States. We provide further that if the
title to this property should be finally adjudi-
cated in favor of the United States, then the
Government, through a receiver to be appointed
by the court, is to take possession of the prop-
erty and hold it subject to the future disposal
of Congress. I deem it unnecessary to add
anything furtheriti behalf of the passage of the
bill. As I have already stated yesterday and
to-day, we have had this matter under investi-
gation for over two months. I doubt whether
we have brought to its examination the ability
and research that the Committee on the Public
Lands could have brought to it; but that is our
fault, notthe faultof the merits of this bill. Our
committee was unanimous in its recommenda-
tion ; and it) this recommendation we have
the concurrence of every member on this lloor
from the State of Arkansas.
Mr. KNOTT. Mr. Speaker, I do not desire
to prolong the discussion of this measure ; I
simply wish to call the attention of the House
to the question presented for decision. Here
are parties asserting an equitable title to cer-
tain property the legal title of which is in the
United States. The proposition presented by
the committee in the bill now before the House
is to have this question submitted to and adju-
dicated by the judiciary of the country. This
is the single question presented by the bill. It
is not proposed to award this land to either of
these claimants, but simply to give them the
privilege of assertipg their rights, if they have
any, in the courts of tho United States. If
the courts, with the assistance of the Attorney
General, shall find that either of these parties
is entitled to this land, they ought to have it.
If, on the contrary, the courts of the United
States, after examination of the whole ques-
tion, shall decide against the claimants, nobody
is hurt but themselves, for the proceeding must
be at their own cost. The interests of the Gov-
ernment are not jeopardized in the slightest
possible degree by this proceeding if the claim-
ants have no right to the land.
Sir, the highwayman who meets a man on the
public road, and with pistol in hand demands
his mpney or his life, may possibly be excused
by some pressing necessity; but when the
Government, standing in the attitude of a
trustee to its citizens, denies to any of them
the right to assert their claims in the tribunals
of the Government itself, it is a wrong for which
there can scarcely be any excuse. If these
parties claim a title to this land they ought to
have the right to assert that title in the courts.
One of the very objects of the Government is
to protect private rights, and not to strip its
citizens of their rights of property. In the
substitute reported by the committee every
possible effort has been made to protect and
guard the interests of the Government. The
forum, the mode of procedure, in fact every-
thing has been provided looking to the amplest
protection of the rights of the Government.
If the Government has the right to this land it
is time it should be settled. It is time it
should take possession of the property and
dispose of it. If any of these claimants have
aright to it, then it is time it should be settled
and the property so improved as to meet the
necessities and expectations of the public.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman let
me ask him a question?
Mr. KNOTT. Not now. I wish to yield
to my colleague to make an explanation.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, in the form of
a question, yesterday, to my colleague, [Mr.
Knott,] in charge of this bill, I suggested an
objection which I thought at the time was a
valid one as against the proposed^ tribunal to
try this case; that is, that the parties bringing
suits in the Court of Claims had the right to
testify in their own behalf. I was somewhat
