1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1987
high trust imposed upon me if I hesitated to
lend my voice on behalf of the loyal people of
the South. I therefore waive all thoughts as
to the propriety of taking a part in this discus-
sion. When questions arise which bear upon
the safety and protection of the loyal white and
colored population of those States lately in
rebellion I cannot allow any thought as to
mere propriety to enter into my consideration
of duty. The responsibilities of being the expo-
nent of such a constituency as I have the honor
to represent are fully appreciated by me. I
bear about me daily the keenest sense of their
weight, and that feeling prompts me now to lift
my voice for the first time in this Council Cham-
ber of the nation ; and, sir, I stand to-day on
this floor to appeal for protection from the
strong arm of the Government for her loyal
children, irrespective of color and race, who
are citizens of the southern States, and partic-
ularly of the State of Georgia.
I am well aware, sir, that the idea is abroad
that an antagonism exists between the whites
and blacks, that that race which the nation
raised from the degradation of slavery, and
endowed with the full and unqualified rights
and privileges of citizenship, are intent upon
power, at whatever price it can be gained. It
has been the well-considered purpose and aim
of a class not confined to the South to spread
this charge overthe land, and their efforts are as
vigorous to-day to educate'the people of this
nation into that belief as they were at the close
of the war. It was not uncommon to find this
same class, even during the rebellion, prog-
nosticating a servile war. It may have been
that "the wish was father to the thought."
And, sir, as the recognized representative of
my downtrodden people, I deny the charge,
and hurl it back into the teeth of those who
make it, and who, I believe, have not a true
and conscientious desire to further the inter-
ests of the whole South. Certainly no one pos-
sessing any personal knowledge of the colored
population of my own or other States need be
reminded of the noble conduct of that people
under the most trying circumstances in the
history of the late war, when they were beyond
the protection of the Federal forces. While
the confederate army pressed into its ranks
every white male capable of bearing arms, the
mothers, wives, daughters, and sisters of the
southern soldiers were left defenseless and_ in
the power of the blacks, upon whom the chains
of slavery were?till riveted; and to bind those
chains the closer was the real issue for which
so much life and property was sacrificed.
And now, sir, 1 ask, how did that race act?
Did they in those days of confederate weakness
and impotence evince the malignity of which
we hear so much? Granting, for the sake of
argument, that they were ignorant and besot-
ted, which I do not believe, yet with all their
supposed ignorance and credulity they in their
way understood as fully as you or I the awful
import of the contest. They knew if the gal-
lant corps of national soldiers were beaten
back and their flag trailed in the dust that it
was the presage of Btill heavier bondage, 'ihey
longed, too, as their fathers did before them,
fur the advent of that epoch over which was
shed the hallowed light of inspiration itself.
They desired, too, with their fathers, to wel-
come the feet of the stranger shod with the
peaceful preparation of good news. Weary
years of bondage had told their tale of sor-
row to the court of Heaven. In the councils
of the great Father of all they knew tlie adju-
dication of their case, albeit delayed for years,
in which patient suffering had nearly exhausted
itself, would in the end bring to thern the boon
for which they sighed—God's most blessed gift
to His creatures—the inestimable boon of lib-
erty. They waited, and they waited patiently.
In the absence of their masters they protected
the virtue and chastity of defenseless women.
Think, sir, for n moment, what the condition
of this land would be to-day if the slave popu-
lation had risen in servile insurrection against
those who month by month were fighting to
perpetuate that institution which brought to
them all the evils of which they complained.
Where would have been the security for prop-
erty, female chastity, and childhood's inno-
cence? The bloody counterpart of such a story
of cruelty and wrong would have been paral-
leled only in those chapters of Jewish history
as recorded by Josephus, or in the still later
atrocities of that reign of terror which sent the
unfortunate Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette
to the scaffold. Nay, the deeds in that drama
of co'.d-blooded butchery would have out-Her-
oded the most diabolical acts of Herod himself.
Mr. President, I maintain that the past rec-
ord of my race is a true index of the feelings
which to-day animate them. They bear toward
their former masters no revengeful thoughts,
no hatreds, no animosities. They aim not to
elevate themselves by sacrificing one single
interest of their white fellow-citizens. They
ask but the rights which are theirs by God's
universal law, and which are the natural out-
growth, the logical sequence of the condition
in which the legislative enactments of this
nation have placed them. They appeal to you
and to me to see that they receive that protec-
tion which alone will enable them to pursue
their daily avocations with success and enjoy
the liberties of citizenship on the same footing
with their white neighbors and friends. I do
not desire simply to defend my own race from
unjust and unmerited charges, but I also de-
sire to place upon record an expression of my
full and entire confidence in the integrity of
purpose with which I believe the President,
Congress, and the Republican party will meet
these questions so prolific of weal or woe, not
only to my own people, but to the whole South.
They have been, so far as I can read the his-
tory of the times, influenced by no spirit of
petty tyranny. The poet has well said that—
" It is excellent
To hare a, giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant."
And how have they used that power lodged
in them by the people ? In acts of cruelty and
oppression toward those who sought to rend
in twain this goodly fabric of our fathers, the
priceless heritage of so much hardship and
endurance in revolutionary times? Let the
reconstruction enactments answer the interro-
gation. No poor words of mine are needed )
to defend the wise and beneficent legislation
which has been extended alike to white and :
colored citizens. The Republican party is not i|
inflamed, as some would fain have the country j'
believe, against the white population of the j
South. Its borders are wide enough for all
truly loyal men to find within them peace and j
repose from the din and discord of angry fac- i
tion. And be that loyal man white_ or black, j
that great party of our Republic will, if con- -
sistent with the record it has already made for
posterity, throw around him the same impar-
tial security in hi3 pursuit of liberty and hap-
piness. If a certain class at the South had
accepted in good faith the benevolent over-
tures which were offered to them with no nig-
gard hand to-day would not find our land still I
harassed with feuds and contentions. j
I remarked, Mr. President, that I rose to 1
plead for protection for the defenseless race j
who now send their delegation to the seat of !
Government to sue for that which this Congress !
alone can secure to them. And here let me >
say further, that the people of the North owe i
to the colored race a deep obligation which it
is no easy matter to fulfill. Vv hen the Federal j
armies were thinned by death and disaster, and ,
somber clouds overhung the length and breadth 1
of the Republic, and the very air was pregnant i
with the rumors of foreign interference—in those ,
dark days of defeat, whose memories even yet ;
haunt us as an ugly dream, from what source ;
did our nation in its seeming death throes gain
additional and new-found power? It was the ,
sable sons of the South thai valiantly rushed ,
to the rescue, and but for their intrepidity and i
ardent daring many a northern fireside would
miss to-day paternal counsels or a brother's
love.
Sir, I repeat the fact that the colored race
saved to the noble women of New England
and the middle States men on whom they lean
to-day for security and safety. Many of my
race, the representatives of these men on the
field of battle, sleep in the countless graves of
the South. If those quiet resting-places of
our honored dead could speak to-day what a
mighty voice, like to the rushing of a mighty
wind, would come up from those sepulchral
homes! Could we resist the eloquent plead-
ings of their_appeal? Ah, sir, I think that this
question of immediate and ample protection
for the loyal people of Georgia would lose its
legal technicalities, and we would cease to hes-
itate in our provisions for their instant relief.
Again, I regret this delay on other grounds.
The taunt is frequently Sung at us that a Nem-
esis more terrible than the Greek personation
of She anger of the gods awaits her hour of
direful retribution. We are told that at no dis-
tant day a great uprising of the American peo-
ple will demand that the reconstruction acts
of Congress be undone and blotted forever
from the annals of legislative enactment. I.
inquire, sir, if this delay in affording protec-
tion to the loyalists of the State of" Georgia
does not lend an uncomfortable significancy to
this boasting sneer with which we so often
meet? Delay is perilous at best; for it is as
true in legislation as in physic, that the longer
we procrastinate to apply the proper remedies
the more chronic becomes the malady that we
seek to heal.
" The land wants such
As dare with rigor execute the laws.
IIer festered members must be lanced and tented.
He's a bad surgeon that for pity spares
The part corrupted till the gangrene spread
And all the body parish. He that's merciful
Unto the bad is cruel to the good."
Mr. President, I favor the motion to strike
out so much of the bill under debate as tends
to abridge the term of the existing Legislature
of Georgia. Let me, then, as briefly as pos-
sible, review the history of the case which so
urgently claims our prompt action. In the
month of November, 1867, an election was held
by the authority of the reconstruction policy
of this Congress in the State of Georgia. Its
object was to settle by the ballot of her whole
people, white and colored, whether it was ex-
pedient to summon a convention which should
frame a constitution for civil government in
that Stp.te. A certain class of the populatioi.
declined to take any part in the election. The
vote cast at that election represented thirty
thousand white and eighty thousand colored
citizens of the State. It was a majority, too,
of the registered vote, and in consequence a
convention was called. A number of the
delegates who formed that convention were
colored. By its authority a constitution was
framed j astand equitable in all its provisions.
Race, color, or former condition of servitude
found no barrier in any of its ample enact-
ments, and it extended to those lately in armed
rebellion all the privileges of its impartial re-
quirements. This constitution was submitted
to the people of the State for ratification. Every
effort which human ingenuity could call into
requisition to defeat its adoption was resorted
to. The loyal population of the State was vic-
torious ; and notwithstanding the determina-
tion of some to defeat the constitution that
same class sought under its provisions to pro-
cure the nomination for all the offices within
the gift of the people. A number were declared
elected as county officers and members of the
General Assembly. _ ,
Under the authority given by the act o! Con-
gress of June 25, 1868, the Legislature thus
elected convened on the 4th ot July ot t e
same year in Atlanta. The act of Congress to
j which I refer reaffirmed certain qualifications
1 which were demanded from all personsv.no
,i were to hold office in the reconstructed State-,
