3876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
stealing, or any other cause, to swear that it
was for his political opinions, and tempt him
and his allies to drag his employer, it may be
hundreds of miles, before the Federal court.
With such judges as we know exist in many
sections we know what his chances are. The
whole bill, as I said, is one of abominations;
but I suppose the party cannot go back, and it
will doubtless pass.
Mr. KBHR. Inow yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. BUTLER,,of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from New York to yield to me for
a single moment. I only desire to give the
House a piece of information having some
relation to this bill. It is that the iiepub-
licans have carried Richmond by four hundred
majority.
•Mr. MUNGEN. What, then, do you want
this bill for?
Mr. POTTER. I am sure, Mr. Speaker, that
I wish to see the freedom and purity of elections
preserved. If government is to be determined
by suffrage it is alike just and essential that
every voter should have a free and fair oppor-
tunity tp express_ his choice. Neither have I
any such prejudice against that unfortunate
race, whose presence in these States—without
any fault on their part—led to the great war
which desolated the nation, as would prevent
my accepting the existing condition of things
in respect of them. For myself, however I
may question the regularity and authority of
this fifteenth amendment, I am, in common
with the people of my Stale, prepared to rec-
ognize it as an accomplished fact, and as such
to submit to any fair legislation that may be
required to enforce it.
But this bill goes far beyond any legislation
appropriate t.o that end. Many of its provis-
ions relate neither to the time, place, nor man-
ner of holding elections, in respect of which
Congress is entitled to legislate by the fourth
section of the Constitution, nor to the denial
or abridgment of suffrage on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude as to
which legislation is authorized by the fifteenth
amendment; and in all such respects, therefore,
this bill is necessarily and flagrantly without
authority. Indeed, it seems to me that this bill
is hut a contrivance,under pretense of enforcing
the fifteenth amendment, for controlling votes
in aid qf the party inpower. It is plainly directed
at tho negroes of the South and the foreigners
of the North. It seems intended to perpetuate
control by means of the ignorance of the one
and the exclusion of the other.
This hill is full of measures of legislation
unusual, unauthorised, and dangerous. Whence
came the authority of Congress to make penal
bribery, intimidation, or influence in respect
of elections in the States; to punish State offi-
cers for their conduct of elections ; to author-
ize the President to appoint commissioners to
arrest and imprison citizens without process
and without report; to suffer him to employ
the Army and Navy in aid of the execution of
Federal process ?
Look at this extraordinary fifth section,
which makes it penal to attempt to hinder or
control any person from or in exercising the
right of suffrage as secured by the fifteenth
amendment. Does this provision apply to
persons of color only? If so, it means that
the Massachusetts manufacturer and the Penn-
sylvania miner nvay constrain their employes
to vote for the Republican party while the
southern farmer would be held criminal if he
permitted his laborers to vote the Democratic
ticket. Such a law would of course be as j
unconstitutional as monstrous and dangerous.
Or does this provision apply to all adult citi-
zens without reference to color or race ? If
so, it will be made the .pretext for holding that
every facility to enable a Democratic voter to
to ride to the polls is within its penalties.
Either way it is unconstitutional, and as
dangerous as unconstitutional. Either way it
is open to the greatest injustice and abuses.
Is it not obvious that this provision, as to brib-
ing, hindering, or controlinga person from or in
respect of voting admits of the most dangerous
abuse? No man can advise his employes how
to vote, can assist them on their way to the
polls, can give them or refuse them permission
to leave their work to go to vote, can employ
a man of his own views, or discharge one of
different views, without exposing himself to be
tried under this act. The simplest and the
purest actions will furnish color to arraign
the employer ; and when arraigned he is to be
tried, not by the tribunals of his State, not by
the courts of his community, but by tribunals
existing by authority of Congress alone, and
before judges appointed by the President, and
in the district courts at that.
Why, sir, there is a certain malignity about
giving to the district courts of the United
States jurisdiction over the offenses created by
this bill. These courts are not courts of gen-
eral jurisdiction. Their original jurisdiction
is that of admiralty; but as regards the con-
sideration and the trial of offenses upon land,
the natural and proper tribunals—where the
Federal courts have jurisdiction at all—would
be the circuit courts. Why is jurisdiction of
those offenses given to the district courts?
Only last year, in addition to the justices of
the Supreme Court, a special justice for each
circuit was appointed, so that all business be-
fore those courts might be speedily disposed
of. Why, then, was the trial of the offenses
declared by this bill committed to the district
courts unless because it was believed the dis-
trict judges would be more pliant to those in
power and more partisan in their administra-
tion of this law ?
We have heard much, sir, of these district
judges of the South. It is historical, I believe,
that oneof them once ordered some thousands
of golden sovereigns to be sold as perishable
property, and that another directed a railway
some fifty miles long to be sold on the same
pretense, as if it had been a load of bananas.
Yet, to these judges the trial of the offenses
declared by this law is committed, with the
most extraordinary limits of discretion, rang-
ing from a paltry fine to a ten years' imprison-
ment; so that for a political friend to be found
guilty might be venal, and for a political oppo-
nent to be never so unjustly convicted might
be almost death; coupled with this discretion
are anomalous and enormous provisions as to
the power to impose costs and allowances which
may reach almost to the degree of cruel and
unusual punishments.
Look, too, sir, at this extraordinary thir-
teenth section which gives the President power
to employ the Army and Navy to execute pro-
cess under this law. Can any man doubt that
in willing hands—and who can say what hands
may not be willing—this authority will be used
to perpetuate the party in power. Its Congress
declares offenses; its judges alone are to try
them ; its Executive may employ the military
force of the nation in execution of its process.
No matter how preposterous the claim of his
partisan may be, no matter how unjust the find-
ing of his judge, the Executive can by this bill
call out all the forces in the land to seat his
follower or unseat his opponent. Surely this is
a power too dangerous to bc intrusted to any
man, or to be tolerated in any free Govern-
ment; and is a power as unnecessary and as
uncalled for as it is unprecedented and dan-
gerous.
Sir, we are told the South is disloyal and
disturbed. Pray, whose fault is this if it be
so ? It is now five years since the war was
over. Five years since this Government, ad-
ministered by the party in power, became
absolutely conquerors of that country. Five
years since that people submitted absolutely
and unconditionally to our rule. If in all these
years the rulers have failed to restore peace
and prosperity to the South; if there still
exists there a general sense of outrage and
wrong and that insecurity and disturbance
which always attend wrong and outrage, does
it not establish the errors of our Government
and the blunders of our rule? Can these evils
be cured ; can the South be restored to what-
ever prosperity and security may be wanting,
without moderation and justice? Will this
bill, ingeniously contrived as I think to enable
the party in power to manipulate the black
race for their purposes, effect it? Such has
not been the teaching of the past. All history
testifies to the wisdom of extending justice
and clemency to the vanquished. It has been
reserved for the model republic in our day to
be wanting in these wise and godlike qualities.
Sir, does it not seem absurd for geatlemen on
the other side of the Chamber to talk of secur-
ing the purity and freedom of elections in the
South ? When has their party desired freedom
of elections there, or recognized the choice of
the people after they have expressed their
choice ? Have not men been excluded ever
since the war from suffrage, and the choice of
persons for office, who could not take a certain
test-oath ? Have not men been admitted to
seats in this House who were not and could
with no propriety be regarded as the selection-
of the majority of the people they claim to rep-
resent? If we are to have free elections, why
should not those opposed to this form of Gov-
ernment be as free to vote as those in favor of
it? Why this continual cry of loyalty and dis-
loyalty, as if, in a Government whose funda-
mental principle it is that all its just powers
are derived from the consent of the governed,
any man owed allegiance to the doctrines of
any other man or set of men ?
I do not stand here, sir, to justify abuses.
That there have been wrongs in respect of
elections is doubtless true. That these wrongs
are more likely to take place in great cities
whatever the politics of the city may be, than
in the sparser populations of the country, is also
true. But the people of the Slates are compe-
tent in their own good time and by their own
action to set right any injustice or wrong in
this respect that may exist. The authority
(except within the limit of the powers of this
fifteeuth amendment) to deal with these evils
neither has been delegated to Congress nor
ought it to be so delegated.
I understand well, Mr. Speaker, that this
measure is directed at my State. I appreciate
her great importance as the stronghold and
fortress of Democracy, and the inducements
there are, under pretense of regulating elec-
tions, to deliver her people over to be harassed
by unconstitutional laws administered by Fed-
eral judges.
If New York clings to ths rights of States it
is because God has given her the dimensions
and power of a great State. In sacrifices to
preserve this Union she has been second to no
one of her sisters. Planted across the gate-
way between the great lakes and the ocean,
where she might have levied toll on all the
transit between the sea board and the West, she
gave up the advantages of her position to join
this Union, to which she has ever since been
most devoted. Without her aid these States
could not have successfully revolted from Great
Butam; without her assent the Constitution
of these States could not have been adopted.
It is hardly too much to say that in the days
of the great rebellion her sword and her purse
turned the scale against the insurgents. After
the adoption ot this fifteenth amendment,her
people were prompt to submit to its reauire- '
ments, and without hesitation removed from
ur °f color every restriction to which
they had before been subjected; so that now
there remains not even a pretense for any
r ederat legislation to protect the rights ot
colored men in that Stale. Her people have
just testified, hy a voice almost unanimous, an
well in the rural districts as in the cities, their
want of confidence in this Administration and
their hostility to the party in power.
No hostile, unjust, anduneonstitutional meas-
ure like this can control New York. It can
