30
appendix to the congressional g-lobe.
[December 22,
HO. 01? PiiEPS.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Crebs.
41st Cong.,..2d Sess.
blacks do not receive justice; no schools; some are
working for half, some third, and some quarter, but
those who work for a quarter receive as much at the
ond of the year (when the settlement comes/ as tuosc
who work for half of the crop.
"Mitchell county—Soma are getting along very
well; whipping-prevails to some extent: are not
•lUowed to have ground to build a school-house or
church t anticipate starvation unless something is
done; no school; ten dollars per month, third or the
crop and feed themselves; some are getting half; no
murders this year. -
"Houston county.—Peace prevails at present. Col-
ored men do not receive justice before the civil
court?. There are three schools, with ninety schol-
ars. The average daily wages arc seventy-five cents
per day, or one third of the crop and teed them-
selves.
" Liberty county.—"NTo outrages; cannot receivejus-
tieo before tho civil courts; we have two colored
magistrates, but they cannot live at their homes;
lour schools; throe hundred scholars. ^
" Newton county.—Colored people are afraid to live
at their homes; Kuklux outrages are very frequent;
one man will make forty bales of cotton; he don t
expect to get one dollar; the Kuklux have carried
off a girl and beat her outrageously; she has not been
seen or heard from since; no confidence m justice ot
thepeaoe; will not order and make arrests m such
cases; two schools. , , .
"Oglethorpe county,—Wo schools here; very few
churches; lequcst aid: one third of the crop and
board ourselves; two murders; no arrests of parties.
"Schley county.—People not making much pros-
perity ; one colored woman, who attempted to deiend
her child against brutal assaults, was beaten out-
rageously; it whs said by the lawyer that it was
necessory to beat a negro once and a while to make
them know their places; no schools; school-house
burned down because we held a political meeting in
the house; average monthly wages eight dollars; we
do not get much justice ; out of twenty-four bags of
cotton and five hundred bushels of corn I received
fifty dollars and sixty bushels of corn; several men
in jail; were piomisod their release if they would
vote the Democratic ticket; one school; fifteen
scholars; various other outrages in tho county.
' Butth county —Our county is politically quiet;
there has been three murders; no arrests have been
made ; some, after laboring half the year, are turned
off without receiving anything; cannot obtain justico
before the county officers; twoschools; seventy-two
scholars.
"Sumter county.-— Getting along very badly; none
are getting justice before the civil courts ; average
wuges eight dollars per month ; three murders; six
schools; three hundred and fifty scholars.
"Burke county.—A large number of colored labor-
ers have not received ono dollar sinco 1865; two
school; sixtv-lour scholars; one murder; sixty
colored men imprisoned; live hundred white men
sent from adjoining counties to guard tho prisoners;
have worked fourteen months and received $14 25.
"Brooks county.—One murder in our county; white
man assaulted a black man and attempted to kill
him; no justice to be had before tho county officers;
no schools.
" Tainnll county—T>o not know they are free; can-
not hold any meetings; run several off on account
of not workincr to suit them; no schools; murders
are very common ; cannot even speak in favor of
schools.
"CW county— Bequests that this convention come
to their rescue; handcuffing the same as in slavery;
white men say we have nothing to say in relation to
tho law; average daily labor twenty-five cents per
clay—women, feed and clothes; two schools.
"Cobb county.—It they brin£ a colored man before
the courts, if he is a Democrat he is generally cleared;
if a Radical he is found guilty; three schools ; sev-
enty-five scholars; bad contracts generally this
year."
Reports were sent in from many more coun-
ties, and in nearly all of them it is alleged that
they can get no redress or protection in the
courts, and there is no doubt, from all the evi-
dence and information, that the state of affairs
is such in a great portion of Georgia that the
colored man is oppressed and defrauded and
11 denied the equal protection of the laws."-
Again, .sir, in violation of the fourteenth
article colored men duly and legally elected
and occupying seats in the Legislature of Geor-
gia as members were ejected from their seats
and white men were admitted to seats who, by
the terms of that article, are disqualified on
account of their participation in the rebellion ;
and this illegal and revolutionary body is claim-
ing to act as the Legislature of Georgiain vio-
lation of the letter and spirit of the Constitu-
tion. It then devolves as a duty upon Congress
to enforce the provisions of that article by
appropriate legislation, and thus procure the
expurgation from that Legislature of the illegal
members and the return to their seats of the
legal and qualified members who were ejected,
and secure to the colored people and all the
people of Georgia t£the equal protection of
the laws."
It is time, Mr. Speaker, that the people of
Georgia, who so lately were in battle array
against our flag and Government, should re-
member that by the dread arbitrament of a long
and bloody war they and their allies were con-
quered and subdued by the Government of the
United States; that by the rules of war and
the laws of nations they must submit to the
will of their conquerors, from which necessity
there is no escape.
What is that will ? Not-that the property of
the vanquished shall be confiscated and taken
to pay the debt caused by their rebellion ; not
that their crimes shall be expiated by deathor
banishment, but simply that m Georgia all citi-
zens, without regard to race or color, shall be
equal before the law and receive its equal pro-
tection. This is all they require. To this the
good faith and the honor of this great Govern-
ment is pledged, and no earthly power will
prevent its consummation.
Sir, shall we hesitate to extend immediate
and full protection to those poor and humble
people of Georgia who were the friends of our
flag and our Government during the dark days
of the rebellion, the times that tried men's
soula, when their pleading voices come up to
us from their lowly homes telling us of the
wrongs and the outrages to which they are sub-
jected? Shall we be deaf and insensible and
allow these outrages and crimes to continue ? If
so, then would theeurse ofthe God ofthe lowly
and the oppressed be visited upon us. Then, in
truth would we prove false to the oft-expressed
will of our constituents and do violence to the
instincts of the brave and generous people whose
Representatives we are. I trust, sir, that this
bill will pass, and that it may be faithfully and
speedily executed, and thereby justice secured
to the colored citizens of Georgia.
Becoiistrnction of Georgia.
SPEECH OP HON. JOHN M. CREBS,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
December 22, 18G9,
On the bill (S. No. SI) to provide for the recon-
struction of the State of Georgia.
Mr. CREBS. It was not my purpose, Mr.
Speaker, when the consideration of this bill
was first approached in this House, to offer any
remarks upon the great questions necessarily
involved ; leaving the same to older members
and abler minds than mine. But the startling
doctrines I have heard announced by members
of the majority on this floor, impels me atleast
to place upon record my protest against the
monstrous powers claimed by the friends of
the bill, to exist in the Congress of the United
States—powers that seem to me subversive of
all our former well-established theories of
government, and which, if carried out to their
logical results, will end in the entire over-
throw of that grand and beautiful system of
checks, and balances intertwined so harmo-
niously in the fundamental law of our country,
by those glorious old fathers, who seem, by their
great knowledge of men, and their passions,
to have looked down the long vista of time to
the period, when the legislative department
would, by its greater power, endeavor to usurp
in some form or other the just rights intended
by the Constitution, to be accorded to the other
coordinate branches of the Government, to wit,
the judicial and the executive.
To avoid this, in my humble judgment, was
one great reason for abandoning the old Con-
federation, and, as in the preamble to the Con-
stitution, "form a more perfect Union;" and
in that more perfect Union under the Consti-
tution, they divided the powers of Government
into three equal coordinate branches, each
supreme in its sphere, thereby giving full power
to the legislative department to enact such laws
as in their judgment were right and needful for
the country; to the judiciary full right to pass
upon the same, and, testing them by the strict
letter of the Constitution, to judicially declare
whetheror not they were in accord with its pro-
visions ; and to the Executive powerand author-
ity to execute the same, and giving him also, as
auxiliary to the judiciary, power to place his
veto upon such laws as he might believe to be
in contravention to the framework of our insti-
tutions. And now, after eighty years, since the
Constitution of our country was adopted, would
it not be well Tor us to pause and see " whither
we are drifting," and examine carefully, the
position the legislative department nowassumes
toward the other branches.
We find it has claimed the right, and in effect
has already x'obbed the Executive of nearly all
his legitimate functions through means of the
"tenure-of-office bill," thereby taking from
him the power, in a great measure, to appoint
bis clerks and agents to carry the laws passed
by Congress into effect, and placing the same
in the other branch of the Legislature. And
we find to-day in the other end of the Capitol
an effort being make to strike down the judi-
ciary by a law permitting it only to pass upon
such acts of Congress as may in its judgment
be appropriate, which strange and fearful inno-
vation upon the rights and powers of a coordi-
nate branch of the Government will unques-
tionably find many defenders in the majority in
this House ; and only for the reason that the
courts, although constituted chiefly of members
of the dominant party, have still so much in-
tegrity and worth, as to stand as a barrier in
the way of congressional strides to absolute
control, of the whole powers of the Government,
destroying not only the other branches, but all
the rights of States as well.
But before coming to the vital questions in-
volved in the bill now under consideration, let
us look for a moment to the provisions of our
Constitution in regard to the rights of States,
that the bill may be considered and tested by
that instrument. It will be recollected, thatat
the time of the adoption of our charter of lib-
erty we had of which to form the " more perfect
Union" thirteen independent States ; and no
man will have the audacity to-day to contend
that it was the purpose of any one of them, by
the adoption of the present form ofgovernment,
to give up its separate identity, to become
merged in a great centralized government, or to
place in the hands of a power higher or greater
than itself the right in any way to interfere with
its domestic institutions, or to lay violent hands
on its entire framework of government, obliter-
ating its very name and place in the Federal
Union.
Believe you, Mr. Speaker, would Georgia—
the State which by this bill you destroy, and
turn her government and people over to the
tender mercies of the military, or, what is
far worse, her so-called Governor—would she
have adopted tlfe Constitution, had the powers
here claimed by Congress in passing this bill
been claimed at the time of its formation? So
jealous were the States then of their reserved
right, that while yet the great men who framed
that sacred instrument were living, for fear its
provisions in that regard might be misunder-
stood, and a power thereby claimed and exer-
cised not intended, we find among the amend-
ments adopted this remarkable language :
"Throwers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the peo-
ple."
With so plain and unequivocal a provision,
can it be for a moment doubted that the old
Democratic doctrine of strict construction is
