4820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
so as to ailow the officers and employes of the
Patent Office to be appointed by the Commis-
sioner of Patents.
Mr. WILLEY. There is some difference
of opinion among the members of the commit-
tee as to the propriety of that amendment.
The other members of the committee are not
present. I think it had better be passed over
at present.
Mr, PQMEROY. I hope it will be passed
over, because there will be some discussion
upon it.
Mx\ WILLEY. For myself I should a good
deal'prefer to leave the matter under the con-
trol of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. POMEROY. And so should I.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, will be passed over for the present.
The next amendment was in section three,
lines one and two, to strike out the words
"Secretary of the Interior" and insert " Com-
missioner of Patents," and also after the word
"appoint," at the end of line two, to strike out
the words "upon like nomination ;" so that
the section will read:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Patents may also appoint such addi-
tional clerks of elassestwo and one, and of lower
grades, cofjyistsof drawings, female copyists, skilled
laborers, laborers, and watchmen, as may be from
time to time appropriated for by Congress.
Mr. WILLEY. Let that amendment be
passed over also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passed over for the present.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of the fifteenth section the words " not exceed-
ing the amount annually appropriated by Con-
gress for that purpose;" so that the section
will read:
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be purchased for the use of said office i library of
such scientific works and periodicals, both foreign
and American, asmay aid the officers in thedischarfce
of their'duties, not exceeding the amount annually
appropriated by Congress for that purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
. The next amendment was insertion tvver.ty-
five, line five, after the words "United States''
to insert the words "formore than two years;"
so that the section will read:
Seo. 25. And be it farther enacted, That no person
shall be debarred from receiving a patent for his in-
vention or discovery by reason of his bavins first
patented it in a foreign country ; provided the same
shall not have been introduced into public use m tho
United States for more than two years prior to the
application, and that the patent shall expire at tho
same time with the foreign patent, or, it there be
more than one, at the same time with the one having
the shortest term: but in no ease shall be in force
more than seventeen years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
seven, line five, after the word "furnished" to
insert the word "by."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of the
thirty-fourth section, to strike out the follow-
ing proviso :
Provided, That when an application for a patent
has been rejected or withdrawn prior to the passage
ot this act, the applicant shall have two years irom
the datcof such passage to renew his application or
to file a new one; and if he omits to do either, Ins
application shall be held to have been abandoned;
but this provision shall not be held to have renewed
any application heretofore in fact abandoned.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirty,
eight,"line thirteen, after the word "make"
to insert the word " use."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
two, line five, to add the letter "s-' alter the
word "applicant;" and also after the word
" or" to insert the words " applicant and.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out sections forty-eight,, forty nine,
fifty, fifty-one, and fifty-two, in the following
words:
Seo. 48. And be it further enacted, That whenever
a patent or reissue of patent is refused on applica-
tion therefor, after appeal to the Commissioner, for
any reason -whatsoever, the applicant may give no-
tice to the Commissioner of the points and matters
concerning which he deems the decisions erroneous,
by filing his objections in writing- thereto, within
thirty days from the rendering of suoh decision; and
he may-have his remedy against such erroneous
decision by a suit in equity in any circuit court of the
United States within whose jurisdiction the Commis-
sioner of Patents and any of tho necessary parties to
such suit may bo found; and all persons who maybe
interested in such application for a patent maybe
made parties to such suits and the Commissioner,
and all other persons who may bo made parties de-
fendant to suCh suit, may answer the same and avail
themselves of all defenses which the law may allow
thereto; and thesubject-mattcrofsuchsuitshallnot
extend to or include any matter not set forth in the
objections to tho decision of the Commissioner; and
the decree rendered thereon shall be confined to the
revision of the decision of the Commissioner, and to
the determination upon the evidence ot what the
invention or discovery of the applicant, and for which
he may be entitled to a patent, actually is.
Sec. 49. And be it further enacted, That all tho tes-
timony, duly taken, certified, and filed before the
Commissioner, shall be evidence in such suit in
equity, subject to all legal objections thereto; and
copies thereof, duly certified, may bo filed by either
party in such suit; and any new or additional test!-*
mony may bo taken and the cause prepared for trial
under tho rules of the Supreme Court in equity.
Sec. 50. And be it further enacted, That the circuit
courts of tho United States, and the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, are hereby authorized to
take jurisdiction of such suits in equity and to hear
and determine the same as soon as practicable, and
all parties who may have appeared in person or by
attorney in the proceedings before the Commissioner
may bo raado defendants in any such suit, and may
bo notified and required to appear therciu in such
manner as the court having jurisdiction may direct,
and shall bo held bound by tho final dccree therein,
the expense of theservice of the notice or of a sub-
pena upon such part.ies being paid by the complain-
ant; and any and all persons whom such court may
deem necessary or proper parties defendant to such
suit may bo made defendants thereto, in fuch man-
ner and upon such notice as the court may direct, so
that all parties known to be interested in the claim
of the complainant to the alleged invention or dis-
covers' may be heard before said court.
Sec. 51. And be it further cnactcd, That the several
circuit courts of tho United States and the supreme
court of the District of Columbia are hereby author-
ized and empowered to determine in any such suit
whether the complainant is entitled to the patent for
the invention or discovery which he claims, and also
to determine what his invention and discovery ac-
tually is, upon the evidence submitted in such case,
and to order and decrec that a pai.ent shall be issued
to tho complainant and applicant thorefor, with the
claim in such language as tho court may determine,
whether it be forthe whole or for any part of tho in-
vention or disooveiy asclanned in his application, or
for any modification thereof. And such adjudication,
if it be in favor of the right of the applicant, shall
authorize the Commissioner to issue such patent!
upon the filing in the Patent Office by the applicant
of a copy of the adjudication, and upon his other-
wise complying with the requirements of the law.
Sec. 52. And 6 a it fuitho enn'.ted, That when the
Commissioner of Patents is the only defendant in
any such suit, all costs shall be paid by the com-
plainant, and whole amount ot costs taxed against
tho complainant shall not exceed the sum of twenty-
five dollars; and in cases where other parties shall
be raado defendants and shall appear and answer to
the bill of the complainant, the costs ?hal! be taxed
according to law, and allowed and paid as the court
may direct, except that the Commissioner shall not
be liable for any part of such costs. And the adjudi-
cation of the court having jurisdiction in any such
case shal 1 be final and conclusive as against all parties
to such suit, in all matters put in is&ue by the plead-
ings therein, and against all persons claiming under
such parties by title accruing alter the commence-
ment of such suit, except as such decision may be
modified or reversed by the Supreme Court of the
United Slates on appeal.
And to insert in lieu thereof J.he following;
Sec.48. And be it further cnactcd, That if such party
U dissatisfied with the decision of the Commissioner,
he may appeal to the supreme court of the District
of Columbia.
Sec. 49. And be it further enacted, That when an
appeal is taken to the supreme court of the District,
of Columbia, the appellant shall give notice thereof
to the Commissioner, and file in the Patent Office,
within such tmie as the Commissioner shall appoint,
his i casonsof appeal, specifically set forth in writ ing.
Sec. 5'j. And be it, further enm:tedy That it shall be
the duty of said court, on petition, to hear and de-
termine such appeal, and to revise the decision ap-
pealed from in a summary way, on the evidence pro-
duced before the Commissioner, at such early and
convenient time as the court may appoint, notifying
the Commissioner of the time and place of hearing;
and the revision shall be confined to the points set
forth in tho reasons of appeal. And after hearing
the case, the court shall letum ali tho papers to the
Commissioner, with a cerniicate ot its proceedings
and dee'iMon, which phali be entered of record in the
Patent Olliefi, and govern the further proceedings in
the case. But no opinion or decision of tuo court in
any such case shall preclude any person interested
from the right to contest the validity of such patent
5ft any court wherein the same may be called in ques-
^Sbo. 51. And be it further enacted. That on receiving
notice of the time andpla&e of hearing .such appeal,
the Commissioner shall notify alLp&yfcies who appear
to be interested therein, in such manner as, the court-
may prescribe. Hcshall also jay before the court all
the original papers and evidence in the case, together
with tho grounds of his decision, fully set forth m
writing, touching all the points involved by the
reasons of appeal. And at the request of any party
interested, or of the court, the Commissioner and the
examiners may be examined under oath,-in explan-
ation of the principles of the machine or other thing
for which a patent is demanded. ,
Sec. 52. And be it further enacted, That whenever
a patent on application is refused, for any reason
whatever, either by the Commissioner or by the su-
preme court of the Bistriotof Columbia upon appeal
from the Commissioner, the applicant may have
remedy by bill in equity; and tho court having cog-
nizance thereof, on notice to adverse parties and other
due proceedings had, may adjudge that suoh appli-
cant is entitled, according to law. to receive a patent
for his invention, as specified in his claim, or for any
part thereof, as the facts in the case may appear.
And such adjudication, if it be in favor of the right
of the applicant, shall authorize the Commissioner
to issue such.patent on the applicant filing in the
Patent Office a copy of the adjudication and other-
wise complying with the requisitions of law. And
in all cases where there is no opposing party a copy
of the bill shall be served on the Commissioner, and
all" the expenses of the proceeding shall be paid by
tho applicant, whether the final decision is in his
favor or not.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to amend section
forty eight, as proposed to be inserted by the
committee, by adding at the end thereof the
words " sitting in banc."
The amendment to the amendment was-
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in section fifty-
three, line twenty-eight, after the word "other"
to strike out the following words;
Unless upon proof satisfactory to the Commissioner
that such now matter or amendment was a part of
the original invention, and was omitted from the
specification by inadvertence, accident, or mistake,
as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is it in order to make
a motion to strike out a section in that same
connection?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not until
the amendments of the committee have been
gone through with.
The next amendment was in section fifty-
four, line eight, after the word "patentee" to
strike out the words "his heirs or assigns"
and insert "or his legal representatives."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifty five,
line four,* to strike out the word "at" and
insert the word "in" before "equity;" and
also to strike out the word "in" and insert
the word "at" before the word "law."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifty-five,
line twelve, after the word "reasonable" to
insert the following words:
And upon a decree being rendered in any such
ca^ef'oran accountthe complainantshallbe entitled
to rceover the damages he has sustained, and the
court shall have the same powers to increase the
same that are given by said act to increase the dam-
ages found by verdicts in actions upon the ease.
So that the section will read :
Seo. 55. And be it further enacted. That all actions,
suits, controversies, and cases arising under the pat-
ent laws of tho United States shall bo originally
cognizable, as well in equity as at law, by the circuit
courts of the United States, or any district court
having the powers and jurisdiction of a circuit court,
or by the supreme court of the District of Columbia
or of any Territory; and the court shall have power,
upon bill in equity, filed by any party aggrieved, to
grant injunctions according to the course and prin-
ciples of courts of cauity, to prevent the violation
of any right secured by patent, on such terms as the
court may deem reasonable; and upon a decree
being rendered in any such case for an account, the
complainant shall be entitled to recover the dam-
ages he has sustained, and the court shall have the
same powers to increase the same that are given by
said act to increase the damages found by veroicts
in actions upon the case; but all actions shall be
brought, during the term for which the letters-pat-
ent shall be granted or extended, or withinsix years
after th« expiration thereof.
Mr. AVILLEY. I movetoaraendtheanhend-
ment by striking out in lines thirteen anci four-
teen the words "for an account, the complain-
