1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
lieutenant Company K, third Indiana volun-
teers, from September, 1862, to January,1868;
Petition of W. G. Elliot for pay as assistant
surgeon of volunteers for a period daring
which he was not mustered; and
Petition of Lieutenant Samuel Hitchcock,
of Aurora, Illinois, praying for relief.
BUILDING FOR PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
Mr. GILFILLAN, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with a
recommendation that it pass,the joint resolution
(S. It. No. 41) donating to the public schools of
Washington, District of Columbia, the frame
building located at the southeast corner of
Twenty-second street west and I street north
in said city.
The joint resolution was read. It donates
to the city of Washington, for the use of the
publio schools of the city, the frame building
now in the possession of the Freedmen's
Bureau, located on the southeast corner of
Twenty-second street west and I street north;
and the Commissioner of the bureau is directed
to turn over the building to the mayor of Wash-
ington for the purpose stated, the transfer to
take effect from December 1, 1868.
Mr. LA WREN CE. I would be glad if some
gentleman having some knowledge on this sub-
ject would give the House some reason why
this resolution should be passed. I do not
know why Congress should make donations to
the city of Washington for the support of their
schools. .
Mr. GILFILLAN. The building which this
resolution proposes to donate for the use of
the public schools of the city of Washington is
erected upon leased ground for which the Gov-
ernment has been paying $1,200 annually as
ground-rent. It is an old frame building which
is not used at present for the purposes for
which it was built. It is of no use whatever
to the Government, merely an expense. It is
offered to take the building for public school
purposes and to pay the ground-rent. It will
save the Government $1,200,
Mr. LAWRENCE. Why has the Govern-
ment been paying $1,200 ground-rent when
the building has been unoccupied ?
Mr. GILFILLAN. It has Only been unoc-
cupied since the abolition of the Freedmen's
Bureau, which, as the gentleman knows, has
been very recently. It is a charge upon the
Government as the case now stands, and by
passing the joint resolution we will not onlysaVe
the payment of this ground-rent to the Govern-
ment, but afford additional school accommo-
dation to the District of Columbia, which, as I
am informed, is very much needed by the
people here.
Mr. ARNELL. I know, sir, that there is
great necessity for additional school buildings
in the-District of Columbia.
Mr. GILFILLAN demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, andpassed.
Mr. GILFILLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAVING OF PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back House bill
No. 90, to provide for the paving of Pennsyl-
vania avenue, with amendments.
The bill was read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point of
or^r that is not a private bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, as the bill is clearly of a pri-
vat® na^e within the rules of the House.
, r' k ¥?.?• I make the point of
o der that the bill makes an appropriation,
and must, under the rule, have its first con-
sideration in the Committee of the Whole
House.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
sixth section.
i! The Clerk read as follows :
.11 Sue. 0. And be it further enacted. That so much
! money as may be necessary to pay the amount found
|: due from the United States, as above provided, be,
i and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
moneys in the public Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, and the same shall be paid on the requisi-
tion of the commissiont in tlie amounts and at the
times indicated in the tourth section of this act, as
other public moneys are disbursed: Provided, That
the amount of this appropriation shall not exceed
tho sum of $180,000,
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. COOK. I move that the bill and amend-
ments be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill and amendments were referred to
the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
I FRANCIS E. SHOBER, OF NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back House bill No.
627, for the benefit of Francis E. Shober, re-
lieving him from taking the test-oath, with a
substitute.
The substitute, which was read, is as follows:
That Francis E. Shober, claiming to be a member
of Congress-elect from the sixth congressional district
of North Carolina, upon admission to hisseat in the
i Houseof Representatives as a member of the Forty-
First Congress, shall be released from taking the
oath of office prescribed by the act of July 2, 1862,
and instead thereof shall take and subscribe the oath
I prescribed for personB relieved from disabilities by
j the act of July 11,1868.
.Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of order
i that this is not a private bill.
j The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read an
extract from Barclay's Digest.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The line of distinction between publio and pri-
vate bills is so difficult to be defined, in many cases,
that it must rest on the opinion of the Speaker and
the details of the bill. It has been the practice in i
Parliament, and also in Congress, to consider as pri-
vate such as are ' for the interest of individuals,
public companies or corporations, a parish, city,
county, or other locality.' Te be a private bill, it
must not be general in its enactments, hut for the
particular interest or benefit of a person or persons.
A pension bill for the relief of a soldier's widow is a
private bill; but a bill granting pensions to such
Persons as a-class, instead of as individuals, is a pub-
lic bill. Bills for the incorporation of companies,
and whose operations are confined within the Dis-
trict of Columbia, have been treated as private; but
where such companies are authorized to ha,ve agen-
cies and transact business outside of the limits of the
District, they are treated as publio. Bills granting
lands for railroads have always been held to be pub-
lic; while a bill authorizing the extension of a rail-
Toad into the District of Columbia, or conferring i
certain privileges upon such an incorporation, has 1
been held to be private." ::
The SPEAKER. This is clearly a private
bill.
Mr. PAINE. It affects the composition of
this House. I take an appeal from the decision ! i
of the Chair. This is a question which affects i
the organization of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is a question which I
believe is-not debatable.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the appeal on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
it has been the practice of the House to regard
measures like this as merely affecting the right
of the individual. And on that ground the
Chair has overruled the point of order of the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.] The
gentleman from Wisconsin appeals from the
decision of the Chair, and the question is on
the motion that the appeal lie on the table.
Mr. PAINE. I demand the yeas and nays..
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes thirteen, noes not counted $ not one fifth
of the members present voting in the affirma-
tive.
So the yeas and nays were refused.
The motion to lay the appeal on the table
was agreed to.
Mr. KEL8EY. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] whether
this man has been relieved of his disabilities
by act of Congress?
Mr. BINGHAM. I would say in reply to
the gentleman from New York that when this
matter came before the Committee on the
i Judiciary it appeared that Mr. Shober was
[ never under the disabilities of the third section
j of the fourteenth article of amendment. The
I disability to which he is subjected has reference
i to his being unable to take the test-oath, com-
' monly called the "iron-clad oath." The bill
. is not to relieve him from the disabilities under
the fourteenth article of amendment, for the
reason that the matter referred to the commit-
tee discloses that he is not under any such dis-
abilities.
Mr. KELSEY. Why, then, can he not take
the oath?
Mr. BIN GHAM. The gentleman mustkno w
that a person may not be able to take the iron-
clad oath who is under none of the disabilities
set forth in the fourteenth article of amend-
ment. I will answer the gentleman further,
however, by saying that the memorial referred
with this bill to the Committee on the Judiciary
' discloses that the reason why Mr. Shober could
not take the iron-clad oath arises from the fact
; that he was during some portion of the rebel-
lion a member of the North Carolina Legis-
lature, and in that capacity participated in the
rebellion ; but that he so conducted himself sis
a citizen of North Carolina that he comes rec-
ommended to the House of Representatives for
this relief by the late Secretary of War, Gen-
eral Schofield, and that he comes also recom-
mended for this relief by the present Governor
of North Carolina, and also by the United
States attorney for the district of North Caro-
, lina. Thecommitteebecamesatisfied, fromthe
statements before them, that this person is no
more and to no greater extent under disabili-
ties to take what is known as the test-oath
1 than any other citizen of the United States
resident within the territorial limits of the
rebellion who, by force of arms or force of
circumstances beyond his control, rendered
; for the time being support merely to the exist-
ing form of government, the government de
facto by which he was surrounded.
| Mr. PAINE. Will the' gentleman yield to
! me for a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes; for a moment,
j Mr. PAINE. I desire that the House should
exactly understand the position of this case, so
that they may intelligently vote upon it, and
for that purpose I should be -glad to make to
: the House a short statement upon the subject.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. While the gen-
tleman is finding his papers I ask jipfcnimous
consent to take from the table Senate bill (S.
No. 378) to provide a national currency of
coin notes and equalize the distribution of
circulating notes, with a view to having it
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency and printed.
Mf. ELD RIDGE. I object.
FRANCIS J3. SHOBER.
Mr. PAINE. . This gentleman, whom it is
sought to relieve by this bill, is one of the
parties to a contest for a seat in this House.
It is the case of Boyden vs. Shober. In that
case one of the members of this House, Mr.
Cobb, of North Carolina, has alleged that Mr.
Shober is unable to take the test-oath of July,
1862. And there is evidence before the Com-
mittee of Elections which shows, as I under-
stand it—and I will in a few-moments, as soon
as the Clerk can put his hand upon it, read it
to the House—that he not only cannot take the
iron-clad oath of 1862, but that he is ineligible
to a seat in this House under the third section
of the fourteenth amendment; that before the
war he held an office under the government of
the State of North Carolina and took an oath
to support the Constitution of the United
