1988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
After some delay a resolution was adopted by
the Legislature of Georgia declaring that that
body was duly qualified, and thus began the
civil government in the State. Peace and har-
mony seemed at last to have met together, truth
and justice to have kissed each other. But
their reign was of short duration. By and by
the reconstruction acts of Congress began to
be questioned, and it was alleged that they
were unconstitutional; and the Legislature
which was elected under theconstitution framed
and supported by colored men declared that a
man having more than an eighth of African
blood in his veins was ineligible to office or a
seat in the Legislature of the State of Georgia.
These very men, to whom the Republican party
extended all the rights and privileges of citi-
zenship, whom they wereempowered, if deemed
expedient, to cut off forever from such benefi-
cent grants, were the men to deny political
equality to a large majority of their fellow-
citizens. In the month of September, 1868,
twenty-eight members of the Legislature were
expelled from that body, aud upon the assump-
tion of the strange and startling hy pothesis j ust
mentioned they continued to legislate in open
violation of theconstitution. That constitution
-required by its provisions the establishment
of a system of free schools. Such provisions
were wholly abortive, indeed a dead letter, for
none were established. The courts of law, at
least so far as colored men were regarded, were
a shameless mockery of justice. And here an
illustration, perhaps, will the better give point
to my last remark. A case iu which was in-
volved the question whether or not a colored
man was eligible to one of the county ofiices
was taken before the superior court, and the
judge upon the bench rendered as his judicial
opinion that a man of color was not entitled
to hold office. I am told, sir, that the colored
man in question is a graduate of Oberlin, Ohio,
and served with honor as a commissioned offi-
cer in the Union Army during the late war.
Is any comment needed in this body upon such
a: condition of affairs in the State of Georgia?
Sir, [ trust not.
Then, again, these facts were presented for
the calm consideration of Congress in the fol-
lowing December, and the results of their de-
liberation may be seen in tho report of the
Committee on the Judiciary toward the close
of January of last year. Congress took no
action to remedy (his state of affairs and aid
the people of Georgia in obtaining the rights
clearly guarantied to them by the provisions
of their State constitution.
InDecemberlast, at the earnest recommend-
ation of the President, the act of the 22d of
that month was adopted. It provided for the
reassembling of the parties declared to have
been elected by the general commanding that
district, the restoration of flic-expelled per-
sons of the Legislature, and tho rejection of dis-
qualified persons by that body. Tho present
Legislature of Georgia has adopted the four-
teenth and fifteenth amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States and tho funda-
mental conditions required by the act of June
25, 1808. The reconstructed State of Georgia
now offers herself, through the constitutionally
elected Senators, as meet and fit for the rec-
ognition and admission by this Congress.
I have thus rapidly gone over the history of
the events which have transpired in the State
of Georgia till I have come to the legislation
of the present time. The Committee on Re-
construction in the other House prepared and
presented a hill providing for the admission of
tho State on similar grounds to those on which
my own State and Virginia were allowed to
take their places in the Union. An amend-
ment, however, was proposed in the House
ami adopted, the aim and purport of which is
to legalize the organization of 1868, and de-
clare that the terms of the members of the
Legislature, who have so recently qualified for
a fair and just recognition by Congress, shall
expire before they have completed their full
term of two years under the Constituti6n.
Again, this amendment seeks to retain in office,
whether approved by tiie Legislature of the
State or not, the judges who have declared, in
opposition to the constitution and the la*.v,
that in the State of Georgia at least there ex-
ists a distinction as to race and color, so far as
civil and political rights are concerned. If
there be any meaning in the words of the con-
stitution of that State no such class distinction
as this exists; and, sir, I am at a loss to de-
termine upon what grounds we are called upon
to hedge in by congressional enactment any
public servant who may still give utterance to
such doctrines, which are part and parcel of
the effete civilization of our Republic. If the
Legislature of Georgia thinks it right and
proper to place in positions of trust and re-
sponsibility men of this school of political
thought, certainly I shall not offer one objec-
tion. But let that Legislature assume the risk,
as it is its true province, and let it also bear
the consequences.
I do nor, believe that it can be proved that
tho State of Georgia has ever been beyond the
control of Congress, nor that she has ever be-
come fully admitted into the Union or entitled
to representation since her impotent efforts to
promote rebellion; and that therefore, when
the act now under consideration and properly
ameuded shall have been adopted, tho govern-
ment of that State and the Legislature of that
State will enter upon the terms of office, will
assume the powers for good and right and
justice which are prescribed in the constitu-
tion of that State, and that under the circum-
stances the Senate will not deny to the loyal
men of Georgia the recognition of their recent
victory.
And now, sir, I protest in the name of truth
and human rights against any and every attempt
to fetter the hands of one hundred thousand
white and colored citizens of tho State of
Georgia. Sir, I now leave this question to the
consideration of this body, and 1 wish my last
words upon the great issues involved iu the
bill before us to be my solemn and earnest
demand for full and prompt protection for the
helpless loyal people of Georgia.
1 appeal to the legislative enactments of this
Congress, and ask if now, in the hour when a
reconstructed State most needs support, this
Senate, which hitherto has done so nobly, will
not give it such legislation as it needs,
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
withdraw a i, of tapers.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator yield to me
for a minute?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Yesterday the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] moved to withdraw
the papers in support of the claim of J. II.
Morrill. Upon my objection the motion was
not granted. I understand this morning, while
I was out of my seat, tho honorable Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Drake] made the same
motion, and that it was granted. Now, I desire
to call the attention of the Chair and of the
Senate to the forty-ninth rule, and ask that it
may be read.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the forty-ninth rule of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" 49 Whenever a claim is presented to the Senate
and referred to a, committee, andthecoinmitteereport
that the claim ought not to bo allowed, and the
report he adopter! hytiie Senate, it shall not, b-ri
order to move to take the papers from the files "for
the purpose of referring thematasubsequentsession
unless the claimant shall present a memorial for that
purpose stating in what respect, the committee have
erred in their report, or th&t new evidence lias been
discovered since the rcpoi t, aud getting forth the new
evidence m the memorial."
Mr. HOWE. I desire to say that my under-
standing of that rule has been that papers in
such a case could not be withdrawn without
the action of the Senate, and that the rule
required the presentation of a memorial stat-
ing grounds for a rehearing before the Senate
to ordinarily allow papers to be withdrawn
Of course, if there is no objection made to the
withdrawal, that is the assent of the Senate;
but the rule requires that such a case should
be presented.
Now, if I am right in my construction of the
rule I wish to call the attention of the Senate
to the importance of its being observed. My
belief is that a part of this very claim has been
twice rejected by the Senate. There is before the
Committee on Claims now the claim of another
individual, which was once acted upon by that
committee and by them reported in his favor
for a certain amount, and that passed into a
law. Subsequently the individual insisted that
he had not received enough, and he renewed
his claim. Subsequently he asked to withdraw
his papers and to refer them to the Committee
on Patents, which was done. I understand
that the same claim ha3 been presented to the
Committee on Patents in the other House and
has been rejected. The Committee on Patents
in the Senate reported against it„and it has got
back to the Committee on Claims again. That
is another instance.
There is another claim that I now have in
my mind which has been reported against
once and ha3 been recommitted again.
Unless my construction of this rule is ob-
served the Committee on Claims has no protec-
tion whatever, because the moment the papers
pass out of the custody of the Senate they may
be presented to any member *vho is an entire
stranger to the case, and upon his motion,
without any objection, they are referred to the
committee again. So over and over again the
committee are called upon to pass upon these
claims, and they have to go through with them
again and again. If my construction of the
rule is right I hope it will be enforced here-
after, and I now move to reconsider the vote
by which these papers were allowed to be with-
drawn.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri will suspend. The Senator from
Wisconsin desires the ruling of the Chair upon
this rule.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask before the Chair gives
its ruling to be allowed to make a brief state-
ment about this matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to rule generally on the rule, not in re-
gard to the specific case alluded to by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. The rule is very distinct
and the Chair will decide upon it at present.
The forty-ninth rule says :
" Vilienever a claim is presented to the Senate and
referred to a committee, and the committee report
mat the claim ought not to be allowed, and tho re-
port be adopted by the Senate, itshall not bo in order
to move to take tlie papers from the files for the pur-
pose ot referring them at a subsequent session unless
the claimant shall present a memorial for that pur-
pose," i-c.
The Chair can only rule on these rules as he
finds them. Adopting the maxim which he
understands the lawyers adopt in their plead-
ings, not beinga lawyer himself, that the inclu-
sion of one point specifically stated excludes
other points, the Chair has no doubt as to the
constr uction of this rule. This rule states that
a certain thing shall not be done ; but it does
not state that other things shall not be done.
It states that when an adverse report lias been
agreed to by the Senate it shall not be in order
to move to take the papers from the files for
the purpose of referring them at a subsequent
session, unless the claimant shall present a me-
morial for that purpose. It does not prohibit
a withdrawal of the papers by a vote of the
Senate from the files of the Senate. If it had
intended so to do the rule certainly should
?y? stated and clearly stated. In the case
or the Senator from Missouri this morning and
the case of the Senator from Pvhode Island, the
benator from Missouri asked consent of the
,nai?to "'''kdraw certaiu papers. The Chair
asked if there was objection, and there was none.
Ihe Senator from Rhode island this morning
made an adverse report, and stated that he
as.ied on behalf of the committee that the
