1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2933
Mr. O'NEILL. I ask that the report be
printed in the Globe.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I trust the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill] will allow
the report to be read now. It is far more
important for us to hear it read to-day, when
we are called upon to act upon the bill, than
to read it in the Globe to-morrow, after the
bill has been disposed of.
Mr. O'NEILL. Very well; I will withdraw
the motion reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered, and call for the
reading of the report.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom
was referred House bill No. 314, relating to the pri-
vate land claim of the heirs of Gorvaeio Nolan, in
the Territory of Colorado, have the honor to report:
That on the 14th of November, 1843, Gervacio Nolan,
residing in tho valley of Taos, then in the Territory of
New Mexico, presented his petition to the Governor
of New Mexico, representing among other things
that he was desirous of settling upon and cultivating
tho lands in the valley of San Carlos, in saiil Terri-
tory of New Mexico.
That pursuant to tho prayer of said petition Man-
uel Armego, then acting Governor of New Mexico,
by his order dated December 1, 1843, directed the
prefect to give his order to a justice of the peaoe of
the first demarkation of Taos to grant tho petitioner
the possession of tho lands referred to in the peti-
tion.
That on the 8th of December, 1843, Archuleta, the
prefect to whom said order was addressed, directed
Cornelio Vigil, the justice of the first demarkation
of Taos, to comply with the order of the Governor
of December 1, above referred to.
That on the 9th of December, 1843, Gervacio Nolan
presented his application, dated on that day, to Cor-
nelio Vigil, justice of the first demarkation of Taos,
as aforesaid, asking for the title and possession of the
lands described in nis petition.
That on the 10th of December, 1843, Cornelio Vigil,
by hisorderof that date, declared that he would pro-
ceed to the place referred to in the petition and docu-
ments aforesaid, and give the possession solicited
by the petitioner.
That on the 15th of December, 1843, the said Cor-
nelio Vigil made an order reciting that by virtue of
the orders above referred to he, ag justice of the
peace of that demarkation, with his assistants, pro-
ceeded to the land referred to in the petition of Ger-
vacio Nolan, and being upon it, proceeded to mark
the boundaries according to the land described in
the petition, which are set out in said order, and
after so fixing said boundaries, by eertain, acts re-
ferred to in said order in the name of the sovereignty
of the nation, gave the said Gervacio Nolan the
possession of said lands.
The documents above referred to wo*e recorded in
Santa J?e on the 27th of January, 1847.
It appears by the petition of the claimants, and
also by the testimony of Cerau St. Vrain and Chris-1
top her Corson, and by the affidavits of R. Jj. Woot-
ton and George 8. Simpson, verified by the certificate
of Hon. A. A. Bradford, Delegate in Congress from
Colorado—that Gervacio Nolan and his heirs and
successors iu interest have been in possession of the
lands mentioned in the petition from the date of the
order of Cornelio Vigil to this time, except for brief
intervals, when prevented by incursions of hostile
Indians.
It also appears by the proofs that the present
claimants are the only surviving children and heirs
at law of the said Gervacio Nolan, deceased, and that
he died on the 27th of January, 1857-
The claim by the petitioners for a confirmation of
their title to these lands by Congress is predicated
upon the Mexican colonization laws of August 18,
1824, and the Mexican law of November 21, 1828,
" prescribing rules ana regulations for the coloniza-
tion of the territories of the republic."
By the treaty of Gaudalupe Hidalgo, as well as by
the well-settled law of nations, the property rights
of the citizen or subject residing upon the territory
acquired by the United States from Mexico was not to
be affected or devested, and the subject, while he
transferred his allegiance, did not lose his property
rights, and the United States became a sort of trustee
to execute the trusts of the Mexican Government
and protect the vested and inchoate rights of the
inhabitants of the Territory. (U. S. vt. Beading, 18
Howard R., 7,8.) To carry into effect the provisions
of this treaty and the provisions of law Congress
passed an act directing the surveyor general to in-
quire into and report on all such land claims. (U. S.
Statutes-at-Large, vol. 10, p. 309.) And pursuant to
the provisions of that law, A. P. walker, acting sur-
veyor general, on the 8th of October, 1861, reported
that tho heirs of Gervacio Nolan, deceased, were
entitled to the lands described in their petition.
But as the duties of that officer were purely minis-
terial tho Government is not bound by his decision,
(bee report of committee in private land claim
No. 17.)
Under these laws and regulations it is claimed that
GcrvaeioNolan was, as against the Mexican Govern-
ment, by virtue of the proceedings above referrod
to, entitled to the lands described in the order or
Corneho Vigil.
It is admitted iby the claimants that tho lands
granted in that order amounted te about one million
acres.
By section twelve of tho Mexican law of August
18,1824, it is provided that" no one shall be per-
mitted toselectmorethanono league of arableland,
from superficial ones of lands dependant on tho sea-
sons ; and six superficial ones for the purposo of graz-
ing cattle."
This would limit the extent of a grant to any one
Serson to oieven square leagues, or about forty-eight
lousand acres.
This grant having been made under the regula-
tions of the Mexican Government of November 21,
1828, the ministerial officers charged with the execu-
tion of that law could not transcend tho power con-
ferred upon them.
By section one of the last mentioned act it Is pro-
vided "that the governors of the territories are
authorized, in compliance with the law of tho genr
eral Congress of 18th August, 1824, and under tho
conditions hereinafter specified, to grant vacant
lands in their respective territories to contractors,
families, or private persons, whether Mexicans or
foreigners, for the purposo of cultivating and inhab-
iting them."
The third section Of the act prescribes tho manner
in which the governors shall procoed, but requires a
compliance with the laws of 18th of August, 1821,
both as regards tho lands and tho candidate.
It is quite olear, therefore, that the governor of New
Mexico, or any of bis subordinate officors, could nut
make a valid grant of land for more than eleven
square leagues,
It is also quite apparent that in all respects, expept
as to tho quantity of land granted, the laws of Mex-
ico were substantially if not technically complied
with, and if this grant had been for eleven square
leagues the applicants would, as between thoni and
the Mexioan Government, be entitled to the same.
This brings us to the consideration of the question
of the effect of an excessive quantity upon theentire
grant. Is the grant by reason of that excessive exer-
cise of power by the subordinate officer of tho Gov*
ernment of Mexico rendered void in toto ?
This question seems to have been fully examined
by the Committee on Private Land Claims in the
Thirty-Sixth Congress in the case of Cornelio Vigil
and Ceran St. Vrain,(private landcl^imNo. 17.)and
it was ruled in that case that as to the excess above
oieven square leagues the grant was void; but the
committee recommended a confirmation to the ex-
tent of the quantity authorized by law, and their
decision was adopted by Congress.
This decision is quoted with approbation by Sec-
retary Cox in tho case of the appeal of L. B. Mux-
well from tho decision of the surveyor general in
the Beaubine and Miranda claims to lands in Colo-
rado, decided December 31,1868.
The following conclusions would seem to foliow
from the above statements of fact, law, and prece-
dents:
First. That the heirs of Gervapio Nolan aro enti-
tled under the Mexican colonization law to eleven
square leagues of land within the boundaries of the
lands assigned to hitn by Cornelio Vigil.
Second. That the United States having gueoeeded
to the rights and liabilities of the Mexican Govern-
ment under the treaty of Gaudalupe Hidalgo, aro
bound to perform the obligations in relation to land
grants which were due from the Mexican Govern-
ment to the inhabitants of the acquired territory.
Third. That within the precedents established in
similar cases the title of the claimants to the extent
of eleven square leagues of land shouldba confirmed
by an act of Congress.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I Would like to a&k the
gentleman one question. The gentleman has
intimated that this measure is in the interest
of settlers in New Mexico. There are involved
in this bill eleven leagues of land, or some forty
fourthousand acres. I would inquire how mahy
settlers there are on this land ?
Mr. ORTH. X will answer the inquiry.
This is not a question arising under our home-
stead or other laws relating to the settlement of
our public lands. It is a question of good
faith between this country and the republic
of Mexico, arising out of the treaty by which
we acquired New Mexico and California. In
the eighth article of that treaty we stipulated
that all the rights belonging to the people of
New Mexico under the laws of the republic
of Mexico should be guarantied by the United
States. This bill simply proposes to carry out
that stipulation. By the land law of New
Mexico any person becoming a settler upon
the frontier public lands was authorized to
take up not exceeding eleven leagues; a large
gran 11 admit—about forty-four thousand acres.
But it is not a question of the quantity of land
whether one acre or forty-four thousand acres of
land. The question is whether, under tho land
laws of the republic of Mexico, these claimants
were entitled to this land prior to the cession
to the United States under the treaty of Guad-
alupe Hidalgo.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am a
member of the Committee on Private Land
Claims, but was not present when this bill was
considered. Therefore, I wish to ask a few-
questions. When did this party settle upon
this land? Was it during the Mexican war?
What ie the evidence that this party settled
upon thia land in 1847?
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Speaker, the report of
the surveyor general shows that there was a
complete settlement on the land by this party,
as is stated in ihe report submitted awhile ngo.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Who was
the surveyor general?
Mr. O'NEILL. One Walker. The whole
question of settlement was clearly proved before
the committee. The proofs are all in the Land
Office. The committee have no doubt on the
questions, and have so reported. But, Mr.
Speaker, as the chairman of the committee
has well said, this is not a question of home-
stead and settlement, but it is a question of
good faith on the part of this Government with
the Government of the Mexican republic.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. What
about the other settlers?
Mr. O'NEILL. If the gentleman will look
at the bill he will see that the settlers are pro-
tected. No man can be driven off his land
who has settled there.
Mr. VAN WYCK. If there be no settlers
upon the land, and it does not belong to these
parties, then it belongs to the United States.
Was there any hearing before the committee,
was there any appearance on the part of' any
one representing the' United States before the
committee, before they resolved to recommend
that the title to forty-four thousand acres of
land be confirmed to these parties?
Mr. O'NEILL. All I have to say is that
the same course of procedure was taken in this
case as in all other oases, and tho saitie eare
as is taken in matters before the other com-
mittees of the House. The bill has been before
Congress for a year, and the proper Depart-
ment of the Government has been consulted in
reference to all the facts and interests involved.
I presume every one interested 'against the
lieirs of Gervacio Nolan has been heard by the
committee. Under the precedents of the Gen-
eral Land Office, under the precedents estab-
lished by Coftgresa, under previous decisions
of Secretaries of the Interior, this is as perfect
a claim as ever came before Congress. There
never was a more perfectly made out claim
than this one of the heirs of Gervdeio Nolan.
■ Mr. ORTH. The members of the committee
represented the United States.
Mr. O'NEILL. The gentleman1 from New
York [Mr. Math am] who wrote this rfeport
gave his entire attention-to this subject fbr two
or three weeks before the report was sabrhit-
ted. I have hever seen a more perfect chain
of title in any private or public land claim than
in this case. It was so clear a ease that the
committee ordered the report to be madeunan-'
iinously. It is necessary for us to pass this
bill in order to keep faith with the Govern-
ment of Mexico. Of course some of this land
is valuable; but I presume there are many
acres of it which are valueless. It is a ques-
tion of good faith with our sister republic, and
I am for carrying out the stipulations entered
into by the treaty-making power of this Gov-
ernment. We have gained nothing but the
sovereignty of the land from the republic of
Mexico as our purchase. We cannot interfere
with private rights, for we stipulated that we
should not. I take it the Government of the
United States, through Congress, is not going
to violate its faith with a sister republic.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
the gentleman whether, if this bill is passed, it
Will inure to the benefit of theorigirtal grantees
or to the parties who now claim it?
Mr. O'NEILL. As far as I know, and as
the matter has been presented to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, this bill will inure
to the benefit of Gervacio Nolan, if there are
living heirs.
