1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
States, and he afterward went into lie rebel-
lion. That is my recollection. •
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman if
he states upon his personal knowledge and
authority that this gentleman ever held office
in North Cafolina before the rebellion?. I do
not yield the floor to him to make statements
of this kind without any authority. ,
Mr. PAINE. I was about to read the tes-
timony bearing upon this point., I may-be
mistaken.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. PAINE. This subject has been brought
before the House suddenly, and 1 have not
had time to refer to the testimony. .My recol-
lection is that the testimony shows that he had
taken an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States before he held office under
the government of North Carolina during the
rebellion. I believe that is so. I may be mis-
taken ; and if on looking at the testimony,
which I have not time to do now, I find that
I am, I will acknowledge it.
Mn BINGHAM. 1 yielded to the gentle-
man to say anything he might desire to say
upon the matter that is before this House, but
I did not yield to him to make statements to
the House impeaching the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary without himself hav-
ing any personal knowledge of the matter. It
is a most extraordinary procedure, to say the
least of it.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me for a few minutes longer.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield to> one of the
Representatives from the State of North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Diweese,] who knows something
about the matter.
Mr. PAINE. Welt, I protest against the
passage of this bill..
Mr. DEWEESE.' X probably know as much
respecting this caae as any member from my
State; and I state here, upon my authority as
a member of Congress, that Mr. Shober is not
under any disability by the fourteenth amend-
ment, never having held an office in the State
of North Carolina np. to the time of the rebel-
lion. • , . t), -
Mr, BINGHAM. . I pqw call the previous
question on the bill. . ;• ■
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope it will not be
sustained. .
Mr. AR&ELL. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The question was put *, and there were—
ayes 62, noes 59.
Mr. HOLM AN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FABNSWORTH. Is it in order for me
to ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] a question?
The SPEAKER. No debate whatever is
in order.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to ask the Speaker
whether the effect of the passage of this bill
would be to admit thisgentleman as a member
of the House front the State of North Caro-
lina? [Cries of "No!" "No!"] =•
The 8PEAKER. The bill wilL require the
action of the Senate,
Mr. CONGER. I understand, that the bill
will authorize him to take his seat. [CcLes of;
"NoI" "No!"]
•The SPEAKERi. ThebillwiHrequire the
concurrence of the Senate, and the signatere of
the President of the United States. < • •
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will not the credentials
of Mr. Shober go to the Committee of Elec-
tions the same as if this bill had no* posed? .
k lhe SPEAKER* The credentials &ra already
Mi;. BINGHA M. The bill does not admit
him to hie-seat. .
Mr., FARNS WORTH* I desire to make a
strictly parli$n eat&ry inquiry. . -
The SPEAKER, t • The Chair will hear it.
Mr, CONGER. I think the Chair did not
understand the fall force of my inquiry. It
was whether, so far as the action, of the House
is concerned, this gentleman will not be enti-
tled to his seat?
The SPEAKER. It is not for the Chair to
inform gentlemen as to the effectof their votes.
They must judge of that for themselves.
Mr. BINGHAM. It does not do any such
thing.
Mr. .FARNSWORTH; I desire to make an
inquiry, because in one case a majority vote
would suffice ai>d in the other a two-thirds vote
would be required. Does this bill propose to
relieve this gentleman from any supposed dis;
abilities under the fourteenth amendment ?
The SPEAKER. Of that the gentleman is
as good a judge as, the Chair.
The question was taken on Mr. Arnell's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 88, nays 77, not voting 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Arnell, Asper, Banks,
Bearnan, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Boles,
Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Buffinton.Burdett.Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Conger, Cowles, Dawes, Dickey,
Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Ferriss, Fisher, Fitch,
Gilfillan, Hamilton, Hawleyj Heflin.Hoge, Hotch-
kisS, Jenckes, Judd, Julian', Kelley.Kelsey, Ketch-
am, Knapp, Lawrence, Maynard, McCraYy, Mo-
Grew, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Samuel
P. Morrill, Negley, O'Neill, OrtU, Paine, Palmer,
Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Sawyer,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John
A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William. Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevenson,Stokes^toughton, Strong,
Taffc, Tanrier, Tillman, Twichell.Tyner, Upson, Van
Horn, Ward, CadwalaaerCj Washburn. William B.
Washburn, Wheeler, Whittetnorc, Willard, and
Witcher—-88. _ .
NAYS—Messrs. Adams," Archer, Barnum, Beck,
Biggs, Bitfgham, Bird* Broker, James. Br«al*s,iJurr,
Calkin, Cleveland; Co aura. Cox, Crebs, Deweese,
Dickinson, Dockery, Dox', Eldridge', Farnsworth,
Ferry, Finkelnburg, Getz, Gibson, CkRiaday, Gria-
wold, Haight, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins,
Johnson, Thomas L,-Jones, Kellogg, Kerr, Knott,
Loughridge, Mayhain, McCormick, Mc"Ken®ie, Mc-
Neely, Mitnes, Morgan; Daniel J. Morrell, Myers,
Niblack, Packard, Peters. Potter, Randall, Reading,
Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Rogers, Scofleld, Sherrod,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, SCrader,
Swarm. Sweeney,Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Voorh'ees, Welker, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, John
T. Wilson; Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison,Ames, Armstrong,
Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Bennett, Burchard, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Clinton L.' Cobb,
Cook, Callow, Davis, Dixon, Fox, Garfield, Greene,
Hftldeman, Hay, Hays, Heaton, Hill, Hoaar, Hoar,
Hoi man, Hooper, Ingersoli, Alexander H.Jones,
Laflin, Lash,. Logan, Lynch, Marshall, McCarthy,
Meteor, Jesse'M. Moore, Morrissey, Mnngeiv,Pack-
er, Poland, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Schenck, Schu-
maker.WillramJ. Smith, Stevens.Strickland, Town-
send, Wilkinson, Williams; and Winans—5S.
So the m was laid on the table.
During thecall of the roll,
Mr. CULLOM said: Upon thisquestion I ami
paired with my colleague, Mr. Marshall. If
he were present he would vote in the negative,
and I would vote in the affirmative.
Mr< WHITTEMORE. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was laid on the table;
and I also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Mr, ELDRIDGE. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
. Mr. WHITTEMORE. Then I withdraw the
Motion, ■' '. ,
The SPEAKER. The morning hour, has
expired..
: K.KIil'EF OF.THE POOlt Oi'THE DISTRICT,
Mr". COOK. I tnove that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole upon the
pending bill, which is the bill for the relief of
the poor of this District.
The motion was agreed to.
The.Hoiise accordingly resolved itself into
Cbmrjrittee of the Whole, (Mr. Ferry in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of Senate
bill"No. 4S5, for the temporary relief of the
poor and destitute people in thp District of
Columbia.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon the following, submitted by the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin:]
Retcfotd, That the committee rise and report the
bill to the House, with a recommendation that it be
referred to the Committee for the Distriotof Colum-
bia, with instructions to report a bill requiring the
proper authorities of the District to levy a tax suffi-
cient to support Ms p«or;
Mr. BENJAMIN. I send to the Clerk's
desk a modification of that resolution, which
I ask to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mttolved, That the committee now rise and report
to the House a reeommendation that the Committee
oi the Whole be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the pending bill, and that the same be
referred to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia. with instructions to report a bill requiring the
proper authorities in the District to lovy a tax suffi-
cient to support its own poor.
The question was upon the resolution as mod-
ified ; and being taken, there were—ayes G2,
noes 45.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. COOK called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cook and
Mr. Benjamin were appointed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to offer
an amendment to tne resolution.
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment is now
in order; as the committee is dividing.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 66, noes 59.
So the resolution was adopted.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Ferry
Reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, according to order, had
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly Senate bill No. 435, for the
temporary relief of the. poor and destitute
people in the District of Columbia, and had
adopted the following resolution:
ResolveS, That the committee dow rise and report
{<> the'House a recommendation that the Committee
of the Whole be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the pending bill, and. that the same be re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Columbia,
with instructions to reportabillrequiringtheproper
authorities in- the District to levy a tax sufficient to
support its own poor.
The SPEAKER. The question is an agree-
ing to the report of the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. COOK. On that question I propose to
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JUDD, I wish to ask the Chair a par-
liamentary question. If a motion were adopted
to lay on the table the report of the Commit-
tee of the Whole, would it carry with it the
bill?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask my colleague
[Mr. Cook} to yield to me for a. moment.
Mr. OOOK. I yield to theigent'lei&an.
Mr. FARNSW0 RTH. If I understand cor-
rectly the resolution reported, to the House by
the Committee of the Whole, it contemplates
legislation by Congress which shall tax the
people of the District to support all the poor
within the District, without any assistance from
the natiobal Government. If the proposition
were to require thfe property-holders of the Dis-
trict to sapport only their own poor, it would
do very well J bat the words of the resolution
require that the District authorities shall pro-
vide for the support of all the poor that may
happed to be. within the District; and this
would include a great many people who do not
actually belong here. It is known to everybody
that from the States Of Maryland and Virginia
there come flocking into the national capital
thousands: of poor people. Many such now
here are'suffering destitution, and will die of
starvation unless they are assisted by the Gov-
ernment. It seems to: me that it would be an
outrage for us to require the people of this Dis-
trict to tax themselves to support all these poor
tjho come flocking into the District from Mary-
land and Virginia. It is an outrage, sir; and
as such I denounce it.
Mr. COOK. I now yield to the .gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ksi&Hrx!,]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I apprehend
that if the report of the Committee on the
Whole be voted down we shall then have before
us .the Senate bill for action.
The SPEAKER. That is so.
Mr. KELLEY. Then J ask gentlemen to
vote down the tproposition reported by the
