1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1989
petitioner might have the right to withdraw the
papers, as they were mainly personal in their
character ; and there was no objection. Every
rule can be waived except the seventeenth rule,
which prohibits voting after the result shall
have been announced, and which therefore pro-
hibits the Chair from entertaining the question
whether unanimous consent shall be granted.
Every other rule can be waived by unanimous
consent. It is the daily practice of the Senate
to waive these rules by unanimous consent.
This, however, not being a prohibition upon
the motion of the Senator from Illinois yester-
day, which was a motion to allow the petitioner
to withdraw the papers, the Chair could not
magnify his office nor magnify the rule by pro-
hibiting a majority of the Senate from doing
what the rules did not prohibit them from being
allowed to do.
Mr. DRAKE. I have no interest in this
matter whatever. The individual named in
the order that was adopted this morning at my
request asked me to present tjae order that he
might have Ms papers returned to him. Before
I did it I inquired of the Chief Clerk of the
Senate whetherit was consistent with the rules.
He said it was. I then presented the order
and had it adopted. I have no desire on the
subject whatever, "and will not stand for a
moment in the way of the reconsideration of
the order upon the suggestion of the Senator
from "Wisconsin.
The VICE_ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from "Wisconsin moves to reconsider the vote,
and that motion will be entered.
Mr. POMEROY. There cannot be any
doubt that the ruling of the Chair is right,
because the Senator from Wisconsin must per-
ceive that when papers are presented, whether
they are reported upon adversely or not, they
may be of such intrinsic value outside the claim
itself that the Senate would not be justified in
holding them. A soldier has to present his
discharge papers sometimes to establish a claim.
An officer sometimes presents his commission.
If the Senate should hold that those papers
could not be withdrawn it would work great
injustice to the claimant in other matters besides
the particular claim before the Senate. There
never has been a rule in the Senate thatwould
prevent a person withdrawing papers. The
rule simply is that he shall not withdraw them
for the purposeofputting them in again, unless
he has additional testimony and presents some
good reason for it; but he may withdraw them
for his own use and benefit as many times as
he chooses if the Senate allows it.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. MORTON. If there is to beany further
debate I insist on my right to the floor.
Mr. HOWE. No further debate. I do not
wish to interfere with the Senator from Indiana,
but I wish to have this matter understood as
well as I can. I make no question of the cor-
rectness of the ruling of the Chair. If I under-
stand the ruling of the Chair it is precisely in
accordance with my own view. The Chair
simply says that this rule may be waived by
unanimous consent of the Senate. I have no
doubt of that. I do not understand, however,
the Chair to declare that the rale does not
mean what I thought it did; that is that these
papers cannot be withdrawn without a vote of
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decides
that they cannot be withdrawn except by a vote
of the Senate if any Senator dissents; but the
Chair says that under the present reading of
the rule a majority of the Senate, not being
prohibited by any rule of the body from doing
it, has the right to authorize a petitioner to
withdraw his papers. .
Mr. POMEROY. They cannot be presented j
without a vote of the Senate. i
Mr. HOWE. Will the Chair just explain j
what is the protection, then, of the committee i
against this state of things 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not intend to state anything except the ruling
upon the language of the rule. Whether the
rule is right or not is a question for the Senate
to decide; it is for the Chair to administer the
rule as it reads.
Mr. HOWE. Undoubtedly; but the Chair
will indulge me in the single observation that
I supposed it was the purpose of the rale to
protect the committees of the Senate against
such an abuse as I have stated here. The Sen-
ator from Kansas says, on the contrary, that
there is no prohibition whatever in the rule on
parties from withdrawing their papers if they
do not withdraw them to present them again.
Therefore any man who asks to withdraw his
papers can do so without any question, and the
nest day or the next session, if he asks to
recommit them again, he can do so.
Mr. POMEROY. I said he could do so
with the consent of the Senate; we cannot
admit them without the consent of the Sen-
ate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this colloquy may disclose to the
Senate the necessity of amending the rule; but
as the rule now stands the Chair is satisfied
that the ruling he has made is correct.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Indi-
ana will allow me to say one word to the Sen-
ator from Missouri. I presume the Senator
from Missouri did not know what occurred
yesterday 
Mr. DRAKE. I did not know anything at
all about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish the Senator from
Missouri to know now that the party himself,
or his agent—1 know nothing about the case
or the party who came to me—made such a
request yesterday, and I presented the request,
and the Senator from Wisconsin objected to it
and it was not granted. I think the party or
his agent after that should not have gone to
the Senator from Missouii. If the Senator
from Missouri had known it he would not have
moved the order.
Mr. DRAKE. If I had known that I should
not have presented it; and I hope now that
the Senate will reeonsidcr the order and
reject it.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Chair will
understand, upon the suggestion of the Senator
from Missouri, that the Senate reconsiders this
order and rejects the application. ["Yes."]
MESSAGE FROM THE HO03E.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersow, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1346) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 80, XSTO, and for other
purposes; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 194) granting
condemned guns to the National Asylum for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers.
STATE Of GEORGIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being upon the
amendment of Mr. Mortox, which was to add,
as an additional section to the bill, the follow-
ing:
And be it further enacted, That so much of the; act
entitled "An aetmaking appropriations,forthe sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,1868,
nnd for other purposes," approved March 2,1867, as
prohibits the organization, arming, or calling into
service of tho militia force in the fotatc of G-eorgia,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I congratu-
late the Senate that the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. IIevels] has so well vindicated the
ability and the intelligence of his race, that he
has so well vindicated the cause of liberty and
shown to the country that in receiving him in
exchange foi* Jefferson Davis the Senate has
lost nothing in intelligence while it has gained
much m patriotism and loyalty.
In the discussion of the Georgia bill I will
fcrst call attention to that part of it which is
known as the. Bingham amendment, which
reads as follows .-
That nothing in this aefc contained shall he con-
strued to vacate any of the offices now filled in tho
State of Georgia, either by the election of the people
or by the appointment of the Governor thereof, by
and with the advice and consent of the senate of
said State,
I object to this clause because it interposes
a negative in a bill that contains no affirma-
tive. The bills we passed in regard to Missis-
sippi and Virginia, exactly in terms like this,
leaving out this proviso, contained no inference
or construction upon the subject. Therefore,
this is an attempt to insert a negative whore
there is no affirmative in .the bill to be met,
and is wholly gratuitous.
Neither shall this act be construed to extend tho
official terra of any officer of said State beyond the
tcrjnlimited by the constitution thereof, dating from
the election or appointment of such officer; nor to
deprive the people of Georgia of the right under
their constitution to elect senators and representa-
tives of the State of Georgia in the year 1870.
I object to these clauses for the same reason,
that they are wholly gratuitous, uncalled for,
and do not meet anything that is contained in
the bill. But again:
But said election shall be held in the year 1870,
either on the day named in the constitution of said
State or such other day as the present Legislature
may designate by law.
I denounce this part of what is called the
Bingham amendment as intended to take from
the Legislature of Georgia the prerogative and
the right to place their own construction upon
the constitution of the State, and because it
assumes, and assumes unjustly, that the con-
stitution of the State must bear a certain con-
struction ; that the Legislature of Georgia is
about to violate that construction, and that
therefore it is the duty of Congress to come in
in advance and place a prohibition upon the
possible violation of the constitution of Geor-
gia by its own Legislature. I denounce this
proviso as being false in fact and false in
theory. I denounce it as being iu the interest
of the rebels, as carrying exultation to every
unrepentant rebel in the South. I say that its
adoption by the House of Representatives has
been regarded as a rebel victory, and I claim
that in the interest of loyalty, in the interest
of the protection of the loyal men of Georgia,
of peace and security to persons and property,
it is the duty of the Senate to strike out this
amendment.
This Bingham amendment hasbeen defended
by the Senator from Illinois, the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] and by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds.] I now call upon the Senate to
notice the theory upon which the chairman of
the committee has placed his defense of this
amendment. Hehas placed itupon the ground,
first, that Georgia was fully reconstructed in
1868; that she then became entitled to repre-
sentation in the Senate of the United States; that
she has been entitled to it ever since, and that
she has been improperly denied a seat to her
Senators upon this floor? and that now no legis-
lation is required for tne purpose of placing
her Senators upon this floor, in other words,
according to the theory of the Senator from
Illinois, Georgia is now and has been since 1868
as much a State in the Union and as much
entitled to representation as any other State.
This is shown, first, by the report of the Sen-
ator as a minority of the Judiciary Committee
and that Mr. Hill was entitled'to be immediately
sworn in as a member of the Senate. _ But the
Senator the day before yesterday, in his speech,
reiterated this position in the following lan-
guage : .
" In roy own opinion no
necessary in reference to Georgia. X i .
just as clearly entitled to-day to §?hS'13
admitted to their seats here'as was the State oi
