1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
41st Cong....2d Sess.
jReconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Crebs.
Ho. of Reps.
the true theory of our Government, and that
the latitudinous construction of late years, un-
der the rule of the present party in power, is
unwarranted by the chart and revolutionary in
its character.
But what are the facts in the case of Georgia
that call for the interference of Congress,
as claimed by the dominant party here, led
on by the able and astute gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler?] Georgia was
one of the original States; one that took part
in and largely controlled the formation of our
present system of government. Without just
cause, as I claim, she rebelled against the Gov-
ernment she had aided to inaugurate, and by
an act of secession attempted to sever her con-
nection with the Federal Union. But did she
succeed? I say not. We raised great armies
and sent them into the field, and after the sac-
rifice of thousands of brave men, whose hearts
beat as true to the calls of liberty as any who
ever fell in the cause of country, and after
expending thousands of millions of money, in
the early part of the year 1865, now more than
four years ago, the welcome news went forth
from the capital of the nation that the war was
ended and the rebellion crushed out. What,
then, had we accomplished? Destroyed all the
States in the South? I hope not. No party at
that time claimed any such tiling. They were
certainly recognized as States until then by all
parties; for we find that on the 8th day of
February, 1865, Congress by joint resolution
declared that because the State of Georgia was
in rebellion on the 8th day of November, 1864,
she, with other States named, was not entitled
to representation in the Electoral College; thus
clearly recognizing her as a State.
I only quote this to show the views of the
Republican party of the country, represented
on this floor, in regard to the status of Georgia
at the close of the war, and not to prove that
she was a State in the Union, either then or
now. According to my understanding, under
our Constitution, that is a self-evident propo-
osition. '''Once a State always a State" is
a theory I hold to be beyond dispute under
our system of government; and will some man
learned in the law, some great expounder of
the Constitution on the other side of this Cham-
ber, tell me where he derives the power under
our Constitution, to destroy a Stale of this
Union? To what particular article or section
can he point and claim before the country that
such power is there given to the Congress?
Again was she recognized as a State, by the
legislative department even when intending to
strike her down, as we find on the 25th day of
March, 1867, when was passed what is known
as the first reconstruction law, which declared
that no legal State government existed in the
State of Georgia, although before that time the
thirteenth constitutional amendment had been
submitted to her, as a State, for adoption, as
well as to Massachusetts or any other State.
On the 18th day of December, 1865, Mr. Sew-
ard by proclamation, published said amend-
ment as ratified, declaring slavery no longer to
exist in the United Slates, in which proclama-
tion he names the States that had ratified said
amendment, among which we find the State
of Georgia; and as but twenty-seven States did
ratify said amendment, and there was at the
time thirty-six in the Union, only the requisite
number ratifying, but for the action of Georgia
as a State, said amendment, so far as we have a
right to judge, would not be part of our Con-
stitution to-day.
The said reconstruction act, in addition 10
what I have before said, declares upon what
condition said State ofGeorgia, shall have rep-
resentation in Congress, and be fully restored
to all her rights in the Union; which conditions
were in part that said State should form a con-
stitution of government in conformity with the
Constitution of the United States, the same to
be framed by a convention of delegates, elected
by the male citizens of said State, twenty-one
years old and upwards, of whatever race or color
or previous condition, who have been resident
in the State one year, previous to the day of
election, except such as might be disfranchised
by participation in rebellion, or been guilty of
felony at common law; and that such constitu-
tion, should provide that the elective franchise
shall be enjoyed by all, who were made electors
by said law; and that said constitution should
be ratified by a majority of persons voting on
its ratification, who are qualified as electors of
delegates. And when said constitution should
be submitted to Congress for its ratification
and approval, and the same should by the Con-
gress be ratified and approved, and then further
thatafter an election ofa State Legislature, un
der such constitution should be held, and the
same should have met and adopted the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and such amendment should be-
come a part and parcel of the same, that then
without reserve said State should be entitled to
representation in both branches of Congress,
and her Senators and Representatives, on
taking the oath prescribed by law, should take
their seats as members; and further, that so
soon as the State of Georgia should do and
perform all acts above enumerated, then and
from thenceforth, all the other sections of
said reconstruction law should cease and be
inoperative in said State, the military should
be withdrawn, and the State in every respect be
restored to all her rights as a sovereign State
in the Union.
I do not desire to say one word against the
reconstruction laws, as they now stand upon
our statute-books; whether constitutional or the
reverse, is not the question under considera-
tion. They have never met my approval, either
for their justice, propriety or constitutionality;
but they stand as laws of the Republic, and
until they are repealed, or have been adjudged
by the proper tribunal to be inoperative, they
should be enforced, especially as I claim, and
as I will be able to prove, they have been fully
acquiesced in, in good faith by the State of
Georgia, and should be carried out in like good
faith by the Government.
But I will proceed further to give the history
of Georgia and her action under the laws now
under consideration. After the passage of said
act of March 2, 1867, and before the State had
time to comply with its requirements, an idea
seems to have entered the fertile brain of the
majority on this floor, that possibly under the
provisions of that bill Georgia might be recon-
structed, and still not be controlled by willing
tools of the Radical party. So, on the 23d
day of March, 1867, another act was passed,
the State still being under military rule, supple-
mentary to the former, imposing additional
demands and requirements; among other things
providing for registration, and thirty days'
notice before the delegates provided for in
section five of the act of March 2, 1887,
should be elected; also providing for a vote
to be taken for and against calling such con-
vention ; all of which was placed under the
entire control of the military commander of
the district including such State, who was made
the sole judge of the legality of everything,
subject only to his superior commander. And
when said convention had formed a constitu-
tion, and the same had been submitted to, and
ratified by the people, it was made the duty of
such commander, to transmit a copy of the
same to the President of the United States, to
be by him transmitted to Congress, so that the
Congress of the United States, through its own
appointed agent, could be advised when the
State of Georgia had fully complied with all
the requirements of law. And still, to make it
more certain that the people of Georgia should
exercise no discretion in anything relating to
their reconstruction, except under the strictest
surveillance of the military, and that the State
should be completely humbled and placed
under the heel of the military power, on the
19th day of July, 1867, another act was passed,
declaring that all civil government in Georgia,
was illegal, and giving to the military com-
mander the further power to both appoint and
remove all civil officers in the State at his
pleasure, even going so far as to declare, by
the tenth section of said act—
" That no district commander or member of tho
board of registration, or any of the officers or ap-
pointees acting under them, shall be bound by any
opinion of any civil officer of the United States."
Thus creating the military commander, as
completely a despot as ever ruled on earth.
Yet notwithstanding the many and hard con-
ditions thus imposed by Congress upon ill-fated
Georgia, her anxiety to become restored to her
old place in the Union, and enjoy the blessings
of self-government, induced her promptly and
cheerfully to accede to all the requirements of
law, made in regard to her ; which fact was duly
communicated by the military commander to
the President of the United States, and by him
to Congress. And we also find that on the 25th
day of June, 1868, more than eighteen months
ago, Congress declared that Georgia had com-
plied with all said reconstruction laws, and had
formed a constitution of State government
which was republican in form, and that such
constitution had been adopted by the people
of Georgia by a large majority, and by such
law she was to be admitted to representation
on her adopting the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, and com-
plying with certain other fundamental condi-
tions or tests in said law named ; all of which
requirements were promptly performed by said
State. And on the 2d day of July, 1868, but a
short time after the passage of said law, the
credentials of her members of Congress elected
under her constitution were referred to the
Committee of Elections of this House, of whom
the honorable member from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] was chairman ; and on the 25th
day of July, 1868, as appears from the Congres-
sional Globe of that date, he submitted to this
House a report as follows :
" Mr. Dawes. I am instructed by the Committee
of Elections to report back the credentials of J. "W.
Clift and C.H. Prince, members-elect from the State
ot Georgia, that State having ratified thu fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, and in all other
respects having conformed to the requirements of
law in regard to the admission of that State. Theso
gentlemen will take the oath prescribed by the act
of July 2, 1862.
" The report was agreed to.
"Mr. Clift and Sir. Prince appeared and were
qualified."
And by such act her restoration as a State in
this Union was complete, even from the stand-
point of the Radical majority on this floor.
Thus I have traced the history of the legis-
lation of Congress in regard to that unfortunate
State, and have proved by the record this House
has made, that Georgia has in all respects
complied with the conditions imposed upon her,
and if either right, law, or justice, and I may
add, consistency, can avail, she is to-day as
much a State in the Union and should be as
much protected from interference by Congress
in her domestic affairs as Massachusetts or Illi-
nois. I mightadd, also, that not only has she
been fully recognized as a State by the legisla-
tive branch of the Government, but she has
at all times been so recognized by each of
the other branches of tho same; and we find
by the proclamation of the Chief Executive of
the nation of date July 27,1868, that the State
ofGeorgia, through her Legislature, had on the
21st day of July, 1868, ratified the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, which procla-
mation was made by the President in pursuance
of law; and we are to-day living under and
j bound and controlled by two constitutional
! amendments which the State of Georgia since
