1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3877
only serve, as tyranny andinjustice always serve,
to unite her people in more determined and
general opposition to those who seek to oppress
her, and quicken their activity to hasten the
time when this nation shall cast from power a
party which, disregarding the rights of States
and the limits of Government, is on its way, as
I verily believe, toward establishing an impe-
rial republic by the aid of which, while liberty
perishes, it will seek to hold on to perpetual
power.
message jtiiom tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the concurrent resolution of the
House relative to printing extra copies of the
report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs in
regard to the Paraguayan investigation.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint iesolution (S. R. No.
162) to restore to the city of New Orleans the
property heretofore occupied by the United
States as a branch mint, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
enforcement of fifteenth amendment.
Mr. KERR. I now yield to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I will yield for a moment
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fox.]
Mr. FOX. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] very kindly rose in his
place to give us some information, and that
information was that the city of Richmond had
been carried by four hundred majority for the
Republican ticket. I desire to give the other
side of the House some information. The full
vote cast at the late election in the State of
New York has been declared, and there was a
majority of ninety-one thousand for the Demo-
cratic ticket. I think the passage of this bill
to enforce the fifteenth amendment will increase
that majority.
Mr. B UTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow me
a single word, and that is, that if they had
needed more votes in New York they could
have got them.
Mr. FOX. The Democratic majority out-
side of the eity of New York is thirty thousand.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I want to say
that there are eighty-eight thousand illiterate
people in the State of New York; men who
cannot read or write.
Mr LYNCH. What is to prevent you from
making a majority as large as you please with-
out the fifteenth amendment?
Leave was granted to Mr. HALDEMAN, to
Mr. COBURN, and to Mr. CONNER to
print in the Globe, as a part of the debates,
remarks on the pending bill. [See Appendix.]
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, this bill
ought to be entitled an act to foster paganism
in the States and Territories of the United
States ; to foster child murder, to strike down
Christianity, and to deprive the people of
their liberties. Of course nearly all of this
long conglomeration of vicious verbiage is
directed against the white man and in favor
of the Chinaman. That being the case, I shall
talk about the Chinaman most. I shall make
no assertion about the Chinaman that is not
fortified by the research of John Kesson, of
the British Museum, and from a translation
from Abb6 .Grosier.
It is reported by the traditions of the East
that the Apostle Thomas sent missionaries
eastward preaching the gospel through Meso-
potamia, Chaldea, Persia, and India. The
Syrian Christians on the coast of Malabar and
Coromandel have a tradition that Ihomas
founded their churches. They say that from
Meliapore he wentto Pekin, and there preached
the gospel. In the Chaldean ritual there is
still an office to the apostle of India. It reads:
" By tho blessed St. Thomas tho Chinese and Cush-
itcs were converted to the truth. By the blessed Sr.
Thomas the Indian idolatries were dissipated. By
St. Thymus they x-eoeived the virtue of baptism and
the adoption of children. By him tho kingdom of
Heaven penetrated into China."
This Syrian tradition, Chaldean ritual, and
the historical account, though uncertain, it may
be, of the martyrdom of this good man, and the
subsequent removal of his bones, in 380, from
India to the temple of Edessa, can leave no doubt
upon the mind of any fair man but what the
gospel of Christ was preached in China in the
apostolic ago. In fac.t, there are many reasons
for believing that the Christian religion was
taught throughout all Asia, if not in the apos-
tolic age, very soon thereafter. At that date
China was not a sealed book to the outside
world, but was in open communication with
all the neighboring nations.
In the year A. D. 97 the emperor of China
sent his armies to the shores of the Caspian
sea, with the design of overthrowing the Roman
empire, after lie had already subdued and taken
possession of Little Bokhara, Kashgar, and
Kohten. In the year 106 M. Aurelius Anto-
ninus sent embassadors to China for the pur-
pose of establishing trade with that country
through India. Chinese history informs us that
abouttheyear A. D. 65, the time when Thomas
should have been there, Ta-Cunn, an Indian
philosopher, entered China, preaching three
Gods in one. This was most likely Thomas or
some of his followers. Du Halde asserts that
at the beginning of the second century Christ's
birth, crucifixion, and ascension were known
in China. From a very early day Christian mis-
sionaries have reported the discovery of Chris-
tian monuments in China. But these are always
mixed monuments, and showed little or no rela-
tion to Christianity except by the cross, and are
therefore not to be depended upon to prove
anything, for it is a well known historical fact
that the Chinese worshiped the cross, or before
the cross, loDg ages before Christ's appearance
upon earth. We know that Christian missions
were sent to the Christiansin China in the sixth
and seventh centuries.
In the year A. D. G35, when Ploperen was
at the head of the church in China, the em-
peror, Tai-tsong, established or commended
the Christian religion throughout his empire.
In the year A. D. 781 the Chaldean Christians
had their own metropolitan and regular ecclesi-
astical constitution in China. Timotheus, of
Chaldea, in A. D. 778, sent seventeen bishops
and priests to officiate in and over certain
church jurisdictions in China. In the year A.
D. 978 six ecclesiastics were sent from Chal-
dea to China, to assist in the church service,
openly performed in that country. These state-
ments are to be taken with many grains of
allowance as to details and particular facts.
Yet not only tradition, but a great mass of
history, which I have gone through with no
profit, prove clearly that Christianity existed
in China, if not in the apostolic age, very soon
thereafter.
There is hardly a doubt butTsen-on-Kan, in
A. D. 638, ordered a translation of the Bible
and the establishment of churches and schools
for the instruction of pupils in the Christian
church service. How the Mongols found Chris-
tianity upon their subjugation of China, in the
thirteenth century, I do not know ; but at that
time the famous Genghis Khan established the
Mongolian empire, and soon thereafter made
war to subdue Europe. Bulgaria, northern
Russia, and the tribes north of the Caucasus
were reduced to his dominion. In 12-10 they
ravaged the principality of Galicia, then entered
Poland, and devastated Lublin. Next year
they captured and burned Cracow, marching
from there into Silesia. The same year the
great battle of Lignitz was fought, in which
Duke Henry of Silesia was slain and his im-
mense army destroyed. Then they devastated
Hungary, and exercised dominion of the whole
of Russia.
Kublai Khan, in 1294, at the close of his
reign, had dominion over the largest empire
ever built upon earth. This empire embraced
China, tho Corea, Thibet, Tong King, Cochm-
China, India beyond the Ganges, and many
islands of the Indian seas. Persian princes
received their commissions or licenses from
Pekin. The dominions of his vassals extended
to the Mediterranean and the- frontiers of tho
Greek empire. And but for the wisdom* of
Pope Innocent IY and Louis IX of France
all Europe would doubtless have fallen under
the Mongolian sway. Fortunately for the
world, Europe escaped, not, however, because
she had power to defend herself, but because
she was hardly considered worth having.
In about 1600 we find that, with Father
Ricci as chief missionary or head of the church,
the gospel was preached in all the provinces of
China, one woman erecting ninety churches and
forty-five oratories, or enabling the priests to
do so, by her ljberal contributions and good
advice. Cloisters and orders and schools were
established freely all over China. The same
woman just mentioned had a hundred and
thirtv religious works and commentaries on
the Bible translated and published in the Chi-
nese language.
The Jesuits had great power with the Chi-
nese on account of their learning in general,
but more particularly because of their astro-
nomical knowledge, and skill in using that
knowledge to advantage. Being purely as-
trologers in religion, the Chinese would nat-
urally honor the great astronomers among the
learned Jesuits. The most and best the mis-
sionaries could ever do in the way of Christian-
izing this strange people was to get them to
acknowledge fealty to tho church.
The Chinaman would always worship at the
shrine of departed friends or parents, or any
one whose memory he cherished. He would
never strew the graves of deceased friends with
flowers, but would cover them with roasted
hogs, bread and wine, as more acceptable offer-
ings. He would never go into church, sit down
and hear a sermon like anyone else, but would
go in talking and laughing and smoking, stay-
ing a few minutes and passing out to give some
one else his place. He has no word in his
language to express an idea of God—one God.
He has no ineffable Spirit, one God supreme,
and will not have. He believes his body is of
the soil and is an immortal inertia after death,
and that his soul is his life, and ceases to exist
after death. To this general belief there are
but few exceptions, and they are of a lower
grade, believing in a transmigration of the soul,
or metempsychosis. To get their soul into the
body of any of the feathered tribe is to become
supremely happy, but to animate a hog is good.
Thus it ever was, even with the Christian Chi-
nese, and thus it will ever be. For he reverses,
both in his morals and his religion, every rule
known to us.
In the year 1602 an imperial edict gave Chris-
tian missionaries liberty to build churches and
worship when and where they pleased. Soon
thereafter one of the finesi churches in the
East was built near the imperial mansion. At
thebeginningoftheeighteenth century thisjuris-
diction numbered three hundred churches and
over three hundred thousand converts. But
they soon ran down, and no trace of them
could be found in the empire. In fact, a care-
ful reading of Chinese history and the tales of
the missionaries, which I believe to be true in
the main, will show that whole provinces would
adopt Christianity, as a kind of holiday sport, in
one week, and in a day, when tired of it, throw
it off and murder their teachers.
Twenty years ago Christianity flourished iu
China ; so it had a very few years before, but
in the mean time the good priests were being
publicly murdered in the most shocking and
revolting manner. Gagelin was strangled j
Marchand was murdered by having rags nt
flesh torn from his body by pincers ; Bishop
Dories was chopped to death with a dull hatchet
Cornay died game, defying his executioner.
To get even they drank his blood and eat his
heart. But I would be cruel and inhuman
myself were I to relate the savage crue ties ot
the Chinese, for it is chilling to the blood to
even think of their atrocities.
