3878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Perhaps the most common religion in China
to-day, as it has been for eighteen centuries
past, is Buddhism; the religion of Fo, as they
call it. This was introduced into China a little
over eighteen hundred years ago. Buddhism
is a monstrous mythology, comprehending good
gods, bad gods, and devils, all of whom are
equally respected in the temples. They shave
the head, and in the priesthood practice celi-
bacy ; burn incense, use holy water, hold mass;
use bells, books, candles; have convents, places
of exclusion for females, and places of exclu-
sion for males; pray to the mother of Fo, the
spiritMo Ye, who is princess-angel, or she-god.
Father Buz, when he beheld the bonzes ton-
sured,, using rosaries, prayitig^in an unknown
tongue, and kneeling before images, exclaimed
in astonishment:
"There is not a piece of dress, not a sacerdotal
function, not a ceremony of the church of Rome
which the devil lias not invented a copy of in this
country."
In the same manner that same devil has
sent bad patterns of statesmen into this coun-
try, but none of them have come to Congress.
There is no doubt but the good man was to
some extent right, for Buddhism has just
enough of everything in the world not to be
any religion at all. However, it could hardly
have Stolen anything from the Christian sys-
tem at first, for it was firmly established more
than a thousand years before the birth of
Christ. But it is certain they have incorpo-
rated many parts of our Christian ceremonies
into theirs, without taking anything entire.
They have just taken enough to show a resem-
blance and horrify the Christian, while they
preserve all the worst parts of their own sys-
tem, the more to scandalize ours.
Who the father of Buddha or Fo was no one
knows, so far as I can learn, but it is said that he
was an Indian king, andthat his mother was Mo
Ze. The Buddhist books say at the ti me Mo Ze
conceived she dreamed that she had swallowed
an elephant, and at the birth the young god
was taken from her side, and that she imme-
diately thereafter died. When the child or god
was born he could walk, and did walk off seven
steps, and, pointing with one hand to the heavens
and with the other to the earth, cried out, "In
the heavens and on the earth there is no one
but me who deserves to be honored." At the
age of seventeen years he married three wives,
end at the age of nineteen years he ran away
into the wilderness or the desert. At the age
of thirty yewj he suddenly found himself filled
with divinity and metamorphosed into "Fo,"
or Pagoa. Grosier says he was the first to teach
the doctrine of the metempsychosis, and that
as he lived five hundred years before Pythag-
oras, and as the Grecian philosophers traveled
in.the East, that they must have learned the
doctrine there. When Buddha was old and
going to die he called his disciples, aud said :
n ^!Lrn', then, that thero is no other principle of*
all things but a vacuum and anothing; from nothing
all things-have sprung, to nothing they must again
return, and there all our hopes end."
3-his is the essence of Buddhism. lie com-
manded his disciples not to support his doc-
trines with reasons, but to say, "Thus I have
learned." Before attaining perfection it is
claimed that Fo lived in the figure of an ape,
lion, dragon, and an elephant, but that when
he became perfect he went to rest—to nothing.
. In this religion, as in everything else, the Chi-
nese^ reverse the rules that prevail in other
religions and with other people. Their priests
are usually the lowest and most vicious of their
people. Their temples or hails of contempla-
tion are dens of vice; serve as taverns, gam-
bling-houses, shops, and brothels.
The very language of the Chinese leads to
anarchy of thought and mental monstrosities.
If it be true, as I believe it is, that every four-
footed animal on earth, and every human
being, may pretty correctly be judged by the
noise they make or by the voice, then the
Chinaman is little better than a dog, for his
speech is simply a growl. With him " shoo"
■means more than twenty different things, ac-
cording to the intonation of his growl, the keen-
ness of his whine, or the sorrowfulness of his
moan. "The Chinaman can only think in
words," says one of the old missionaries, and
I apprehend it is true This I would judge from
his long standstill in civilization. As far as his
language elevates he will bear to go, but not
an inch further. No man who thinks in words
can ever be great; but he who thinks and re-
flects in solid substance is already great, and
may be always advancing. So it is with people.
It would be unfair to judge of Chinese char-
acter from what we see of them in California,
for we have with us certainly the lowest of the
race. But it is this class of Chinese wo have
to deal with, and not the better class, if such
there be.
I have had two objects in view in saying
.what I have said. One is to show that these
people might become troublesome citizens;
might without an effort overthrow our insti-
tutions ; and further, that they would always
be pagans. I have had still further the hope
that I mightin a measure give to some a knowl-
edge of China not possessed before.
The Chinese empire is in extent nearly three
thousand miles one way and fifteen hundred the
other, and possesses, perhaps, four hundred
million people. This immense, teeming, swarm-
ing, seething hive of degraded humanity turned
loose upon our country would drown out and
destroy our 'institutions and our race. It will
not do to say they will not come; they will
come, and by millions, if invited. Allow
them more liberties than they have in their
native land, and give them greater compensa-
tion for their labor, that is, let them under-
stand that they may not only own the couutry
but control it, and it will not be long before a
white man in California will be arare sight. To
suppose the Chinaman is coming here simply
to be a drudge all the ages, to fill for all time
the place of .slavery, is a supposition without
reason.
They have already begun the erection of
their idols and temples of paganism on the
Pacific coast, and it is not likely they will
cease until they receive a hint of caution from
some superior power. Upon the contrary, it is
likelythey will continue until the country sees
the wish of the honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Yates] gratified. He said, in a speech
published in the Globe of February 17 last:
" But we must have from the Atlantic to thcPaeific
a mighty empire where all shall be eciual, where the
Chinese themselves shall only have to become Amer-
ican citizens, shall only have to conform themselves
to the institutions and laws of the country to be
protected in all their rights. X am not afraid of this
trial oi republicanism. This is the theater of mighty
contests, of great collisions of mental ideas, of men-
tal forces and powers. Weare to have here all races,
and we are to have a grand contest. I expect to see
m my own town a Chinese temple raised opposite to
the church where my own family worship."
If every inducement should be offered to the
Chinese to come to this country it will not be a
great while before the gentleman will be more
than gratified; will not only see the Chinese
temple he so much wishes in his own town
frowning down upon the little church where
his pious family go to worship the ever-living
God, but lie will see them all over the country.
And more, he will see that little church torn
from its very foundations and a monster pagan
temple erected in its stead. But it is hardly
possible the gentleman could have meant all
he said; hardly possible he could wish to turn
over this great country to the Chinese hordes ;
yet his doctrine seems to mean nothing less.
It is not possible that a distinguished American
citizen, a member of the United States Senate,
would voluntarily set up idolatry in this coun-
try. It is not possible that he can, if in his
senses, mean that he prefers Chinese idolatry
and mfamy to the church of Christ and purity,
li he does, and he is supported, then God help
us all, for our religion, our institutions, and
our country all are lost!
While the Chinaman hates and despises the
white man and the white man's religion, he
cares nothing whatever for his own religion.
Father Lecomte relates that he was called to
baptize an old man seventy years of age; that,
upon entering, the old man thanked him for
his attendance, saying that the bonzes had told
him that after his death, then soon to take
place, his spirit should enter one of the em-
peror's post-horses, and that he was determ-
ined to avert the calamity at all hazards; he had
heard that Christian spirits remained as men ;
that the bonzes had told him he must be gen-
tle and kind, go free, and eat but little, and
that by such conduct he might be raised from
a horse back to a better man next time. But
he said he could not bear the idea of pulling
in the hot sun, and having a coachman pound-
ing him on the back; therefore, he had
resolved to become a Christian, for he had
rather be a Christian than a poor, badly-abused
horse. This little accidental wit is the only
glimmering of vivacity to be found in the
thousands of pages of Chinese history. They
frequently go into their temples, pull down
and beat their gods, heaping upon them the
most fearful abuse. Sometimes the multitude
drag them through the streets, taunting and
jeering and threatening.
Father Le Comte relates a story of a China-
man whose daughter was dangerously ill. He
applied to the bonzes who, for a large sum,
agreed to appease the idol in the temple who
had power, they said, to restore the girl. But
she died, and the bereaved Chinaman made a
formal complaint to the proper tribunal for the
destruction of the god and his temple, and by
the liberal use of money he succeeded in all
that, aud also the exemplary punishment of the
bonze who represented the person of the god.
In his complaint he charged that—
"If the spirit had power to cure my daughter it
was guilty of gross fraud in taking my money and
suffering her to die. If it had not the power, why
aid it pretend to it, and by what right does it assume
the charaotor of a god? Is it for nothing that we
adore it, and thatalltheprovineeolfersitsacrifice?"
He contended that whether it was from want
of poweror from malice, it made nodifference ;
that whether it was a fraud or a villain, the
matter was about the same, and that it should
suffer in person. And so it did suffer, for
money will accomplish anything in China as in
the United States.
In fact, there are no religious principles in
China. What they have seems to be some
practices and ceremonies in derision of all re-
ligion. There is a strange stolidity about this
people, yet they are not fools by any means.
A very large majority of the people of China
are held in slavery, in one or another of the
different forms of slavery. The women hardly
know such a thing as chastity, and are bought
and sold like cattle for purposes of prostitution
and concubinage. Grosier says :
,, These concubines are almost all procured from
the cities of Yang-tcheoo and Soo-tcheoo, where
tnoy are educated and taught singing, dancing, and.
music, and every accomplishment suitable to women
ot quality or which can render them agreeable and
pleasing, lhe greater part of them are purchased
m other places, to bo again disposed of. This is the
principal "ranch of trade carried on by these two
cm es.
Think of it, two great cities engaged solely in
this nefarious and abominable manufacture and
trade: two great cities engaged solely in buy-
ing, educating for prostitution, and selling
iemales! Is this a desirable population in our
country ? Do we really wish these people to
erect their temples in our midst? Bo we really
desire that Chinese idolatry shall be established
among us? Do we prefer their system of reli-
gion and morals to our own ? If not, we should
not encourage their coming. We need in this
country no further encouragement in the art of
child murder, a system practiced by all the
common people of China, where indorsed or
recommended by bonzes of their religion.
As I once before remarked, it will not do to
suppose that a people despising us and our
institutions, as do the Chinese, would long
remain our slaves or menials. They can live
