1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Committee of the Whole. I never have wit-
nessed in this House a vote that I felt to be so
ungenerous and unjust as that just given.
A Member. And inhuman.
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, inhuman; I accept
the gentleman's word. Members here may
profess to rest their objections on " constitu-
tional" scruples; but such scruples do not
exist; they are urged only as a subterfuge.
When the hungry poor were in Ireland, we
could freight a ship for their relief, and for
that, act there was constitutional sanction and
world-wide praise. But these poor are those
whom we have robbed of the earnings of a
lifetime. These destitute people, old, blind,
without necessary clothing or food, are those
from whom our laws stole the children upon
whom they might how lean for support They
are iu their present condition as a consequence
of our robbery. They are at our doors crying
for relief and we cast them off to suffer without
assistance. Who are they ? Citizens of the
District of Columbia? No I They are the chil-
dren of every southern State; they are those
who grew to be sixty, eighty, ninety years of age
in slavery. Every dollar they earned was taken
from'them, and their children were carried to
market and sold like chattels. Yet the Ameri-
can Congress votes that these people must
starve until the citizens of the District of
Columbia can tax themselves to support them I
As the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] well suggests tome, theproperty of the
South, enriched by the labor, the sweat, the
blood of these poor people, is not to be taxed
for their support, nor is the national property to
bear any part of the expense. This District
must bear the whole burden. I do hope that
for the honor of the country, and to show that
we have as much regard for our own poor.as for
those of foreign nations, this inhuman vote
will be blotted out.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] to yield to me.
Mr. COOK. I yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Twichell.]
Mr. TWICHELL. Mr. Speaker, I wish that
members who oppose this appropriation had
been present as I was the night before last,
when the members oftbe visiting committee who
have undertaken to care for the wants of these
poor people made their reports. The wards of
the city are subdivided into sections, one visitor
being appointed for each section. One lady
visitor told me that in her section there were
sixty persons, men, women, and children, suf-
fering for want of clothing, destitute of even a
a ngle garment fit to wear out of doors. A
doctor told me that in one family where there
was sickness there were two women and five
children upon one bed, and they had not had
any fire in the house for three days. If the
bill be passed as proposed by the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] these poor
people will starve before relief can be afforded.
This board of visitors have spent all the money
in their possession, and I hope the bill will
pass as it came from the Senate, so that the
relief proposed may be instantly given to the
poor starving people who are now in this
District.
Mr. COOK. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I trust the gentleman
will not demand the previous question until I
have been heard.
Mr. COOK. I insist on it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the demand will
be voted down.
^The House divided; and there were—ayes
67, noes 46.
Mr. BENJAMIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Benjamin
andMr Cook were appointed.
. j ea8a'n divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes seventy-nine, noes not counted.
00 the previous question was seconded,
ine mam question was ordered
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered ;
and I desire to say a word.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the instructions
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
52, noes 85.
So the instructions were disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the following
amendment of the Committee of the Whole on
; the state of the Union to the first section:
! Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo, and he is
hereby, instructed to make such orders as may be
I necessary for feeding the poor of the cities of Wash-
ij ington and Georgetown, until otherwise ordered by
! the President of the United States; and that the
amount thus to be expended shall not exceed the
sum of $30,000, which sum is hereby appropriated
for that purpose out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated: Provided, That relief
shall be afforded Dy the Secretary of War under this
resolution only upon the recommendation of the
Washington Association forthe Improvement of the
Condition of the Poor, or the National Freedmen's
Belief Association, or the Industrial Home School.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us vote
that down.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
64, noes 65.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Arnell were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 83, noes 50. ;
Mr. COOK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent to i
make a statement. '
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 83, not voting
45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Ames.
Archer, Asper, Axtell, Beatty. Beck, • Benjamin,
Biggs, Bird, Blair, Boles, Boyd, George M. Brooks.
Buckley, Bumnton, Burchard.Burdett, Burr, Benja-
min P. Butler, Calkin, Churchill, Clarke, Amaga
Cobb, Coburn, Conger,Crebs, Dawes, Deweese.Diek-
inson, Dockery, Dox, Duval, Finkelnburg, Pitch,
Getz.Gibson.Gilfillan, Golladay, Haight.IIambleton,
Hamill, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Holman, Hotchkiss,
Johnson, Alexander II. Jones, Kellogg, Kerr, Knott,
Lawrence, Loughridge, McCormick,•McKenzie, Mc-
Neely, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore,
Niblack.Orth, Piatt, Potter, Randall, Reading, Rice,
Rogers, Sargent, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stokes, Stone, Stoughton,
Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe, Trimble, Tyner.
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Willard, Williams, Win-
chester, and Witcher—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Armstrong, Arnell, Banks, Bar-
num, Beaman, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Buck,
Roderick R. Butler. Cake. Cessna, Clinton L. Cobb,
Cook, Cowles, Cox, Davis, Dickey, Donley, Ela, Eld-
ndge, Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher, Garfield, Hale, Hamil-
ton, Heaton.Heflin, Hoar, Hooper, Jenckes. Thomas
L.Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Knapp.Laflin, Maynard, McCrary, McGrew, Daniel
J.Morrell, SamuelP. Morrill, Myers, Negley.O'Neill,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peters, Poland,
Pomeroy, Prosser, Ridgway, Sawyer, Sehenck, Sco-
field. Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Ste-
vens, Stiles, Strong. Tanner, Tillman, Twiohell,
nPw0n'uYan Auken.TanTrumpj Voorhees. William
B. Washburn jWelker-Wheeler, Whittemore,Wilkin-
^ood' a«nd Woodward—83.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ayer. Bailey, Booker,
Bowen, James Brooks, Cleveland, Cullom, Dixon
Dyer, Farnsworth, Fox, Greene, Griswold, Halde-
man.Hays, Hin.Hoag, Hoge, Ingersoll, Lash, Logan,
Lynch, Marshall, Mayham, McCarthy, Mercur, Jesse
H. Moore, Morgan, Morrissey, Mnngen, Phelps,
Porter, Reeves, Roots, Sanford. Schumaker, Stark-
weather. Stevenson.Strickland.Townsend.VanHorn,
Ward, Wells, Eugene M.Wilson, and Winans—45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
farther amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
as follows :
In the second section, after the word "furnish "
strike out the words " the mayors of Washington and
Georgetown, the president of the levy court, and
Oliver O. Howard,7' and insert the following: "upon
the recommendation of the Washington Association
for the Improvement of the Condition of the Poor
the National Freedmen's Relief Association, or the
Industrial Home School."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was on ordering the bill, as
amended, to be read the third time, which was
agreed to; and the bill was accordingly read
the third time.
The question was on the passage of the bill
Mr. COOK. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question'was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 56, not vot-
ing 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong Ar
if ell, Asper, Banks, Beaman, Bennett, Benton
Bingham, Boles, Booker, Bowen, Boyd, Genres iu'
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard Birr'
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler'Cakf."
Cessna, Churchill, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowl < '
I Davis,.Dawes, Deweese, Dockery, Donley, Duval'
Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth Ferriss, Ferry Finkelnburg!
Gibson, Gilfilian, Hale, Hamilton, Hawley Hav
Hcaton, Heflin, Hoar, Hooper, Jenckes, Alexander
U. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg. Kelsey
Knapp, Laflin. Lawrence, Loughridge, Maynard
McCrary, McGrew, McKenzie, Milnes, William
! Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill
j Myers, Ncgley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Palmer'
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy. Porter'
Po^er, Prosser, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A*
Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, AVilliam
J. temith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth
i Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strone'
, lanner, Tillman, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Cadwal^
ader C. W.islvliurn, William B. Washburn, Welker
Wheeler, Whittemore. Wilkinson, Willard. Will
liams, and John T. Wilson—112.
> NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer, Barnum
Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Biggs. Bird, Blair, Burr'
Calkin, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Cox, Dickinson
Dox, Eldridge, Getz, Golladay, Griswold, Haight!
Hambleton, Hawkins, Hays, Holman, Johnson
ihomas L. Jones, ICern Ketcham, Knott, Mayham,
i McCormick, McNcely, Morgan, Niblack, Randall,
Rice, Rogers, Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith,
1 Stiles, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble. Van Auken, Van
frump, Voorhees.W ells. Eugene M.Wilson. Winans.
Wi1?£e^re£„XTlt,cher- Wood, and Woodward-56.
NOT V01ING —Messrs. Axtell, Ayer, Bailey,
James Brooks, Clarke, Clinton L.Cobb, Crebs, Cul-
lom, Dickey, Dixon, Fisher. Fitch, Fox, Garfield,
Greene, Haldoman, Hamill, Hill, lloag, Hoge,
Hotchkiss. Ingersoll, Lash, Logan, Lynch, Mar-
sliall, McCarthy, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse
H.Moore, Morrissey, Mungen, Packer, Paine. Read-
ing, Reeves, Ridgway, Roots, Sanford, Schenck,
Schumaker, Scofield, Starkweather, Stone, Stra-
der, Strickland, Taffe, Townsend, Van Horn, and
Ward—50.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. CULLOM. I beg to state that I have
paired with Mr. Marshall, who would have
voted against the bill and I for it.
Mr. COOK. I desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. Logan, is absent in consequence
of sickness.
Mr. _ COOK moved to reconsider the vote ■
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
damages by petroleum.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1102) to provide
for the better security of life and property
from the damages of coal and petroleum oils;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask that the bill be put
on its passage.
Mr. COX. I object. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. NEGLEY. I am satisfied that the gen-
tleman would not object if he were aware of
the great necessity there is in the community
which I represent for the protection sought to
be given by this bill.
Mr. COX. There is a necessity for having
it examined by a committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the motion
of reference, so as to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, which, I think, is the
proper committee to deal with such a subject.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Committee of Ways
and Means have at different times, for several
years past, had this subject under considera-
tion, and they have it under consideration now.
I think that is the committee to which the bill
should go.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the subject has already
been before the Committee of Ways and Means,
