1990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16.
Arkansas or the State of North Carolina or South
Carolina, or any other of the late rebel States at the
time their Senators were admitted."
According, then, to the Senator from Illi-
nois, Georgia has been improperly and wick-
edly dealt with by Congress in the passage of
the act of December 22, 1869; Georgia was
most cruelly and wickedly outraged when Con-
fress refused to count her electoral vote for
'resident and Vice President in February,
1869, and has been improperly denied repre-
sentation on this floor continually. But when
the Senator places himself broadly upon this
position, how can he consistently with the views
that he has expressed in regard to the funda-
mental conditions put in the bills for the ad-
mission of Virginia and Mississippi defend a
provision that goes further to interfere with
the rights of the States than any claim which
was made by those bills, or which was made by
myself or the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] in the course of that discussion?
For while we assumed the power of Congress
to supervise the States for the purpose of main-
taining a republican form of government, we
did not assume, what is contained in this bill,
that Congress had a right in advance to give a
construction to a State constitution, "and to
legislate against the possibility of that consti-
tution being violated by the Legislature; so
that it seems to me the Senator's support of
this Bingham amendment, so called, is in direct
conflict with the position he has so earnestly
and so ably advocated all the time.
Now, Mr. President, I come to the position
taken by the Senator fro in Vermont, who has
delivered an able argument on this subject. He
takes the position iu his speech that the gov-
ernment of Georgia is not provisional, but that
it is a State government in full force and oper-
ation, and that as such the term of office of its
ollicers must be counted from the time the
State was restored to its normal position iu
the Union. Now, I would say to my friend
from Vermont that his position, as contained
in the speech of yesterday, I regard as utterly
at variance with his report as a member of the
Judiciary Committee and with the position he
took in this body on the 26th of January, 1870.
I will read now what he said yesterday:
" Now, thore is tho fact that this government,
instead of being a provisional government, m tho
language of tho reconstruction acts, was a State gov-
ernment, organized as a Stato government, elected
as a Stato government, intended by Congress in tho
very reconstruction acts themselves to take the place
of tho provisional government that had oxisced there
boforo. The enactments themselves say that in order
to supply Stato governments tho people may hold
oleotions, may have conventions, raay form constitu-
tions, may olect Legislatures, and tboy being olocted,
and Congress being satisfied that their constitutions
are republican and that tho conditions upon which
Congress is wiUingto admit thorn havo been complied
with, they shall bo admitted to representation."
I beg leave now most respectfully to call his
attention to his own resolution offered in this
Senate on the 28th of January, the resolution
that gave rise to the report made by the Judi-
ciary Committee, and upon which so much
reliance is placed. That resolution read s thus:
" Resolved, That tho Committeo on tho Judiciary
bo, and they are heroby, instructed to inquire and
report whether any further legislation is necessary
upon tho subject of the organization of the provis-
ional Legislature in Georgia."
If that Legislature was provisional on the
20th of January, 1870, it is provisional to-day.
My friend from Vermont clearly recognized it
us provisional then, and wanted to inquire what
further legislation might be necessary to organ-
ize this provisional Legislature.
Again, as a member of the committee, and
an able and influential member, he joined in
the report that was made to the Senate in
January, 1869; and to showthe position taken
by the committee at that time I will read an
extract from that report, and I desire to say
that the report of the committee at that time,
as I understand it, was expressive of the views
of the Senate and of the whole country; and
that report placed the case exactly on the
ground that the government of Georgia was
still provisional, that the Legislature of Geor-
gia had never been legally organized ; that the
State government was not accepted, and that
the reconstruction acts of 1867 were still in
full force and operation. I read to the Senate
a brief extract from that report:
"Your committee are of opinion that tho act of
June 25,1868, which required that the constitutional
amendment should be duly ratified, must be held to
mean that it must be ratified by a Legislature which
has in good faith substantially compliedwith all tho
requirements of law providing for its organization."
The committee then argued at length that
thefourteenth amendment had not been ratified
by a Legislature thus composed and organized,
and therefore that the reconstruction acts had
not been complied with; and then they go on
to say:
" Your committee hold that the question involved
in this case is not whether persons not entitled to
seats in the Legislature were received by that body
and allowed to vote upon the election of a Senator,
but whether the body assuming to be the Legislature
violated the conditions upon which it was allowed
to organize by permitting disloyal persons to partici-
pate in its proceedings."
The argument of the committee was that the
Legislature had violated the fundamental prin-
ciple of its organization; that the defect was
one which went back to the organization, that
vitiated it from the beginning, and that at no
hour of its existence had it been legal and in
conformity to law. Then, sir, in pursuance of
this argument the committee recommend as
follows:
"Wherefore your committee feel callod upon to
recommend that Mr. Hill bo not allowod to take a
seat in the Senate,for tho reason that Georgia is not
entitled to representation in Congress, and submit
the accompanying resolution."
Here is where the committee and the Senator
from Illinois exactly differed at that time : he
reported that Georgia was entitled to represent-
ation, and that Mr. Hill had a right to be ad-
mitted, while the majority of the committee
reported that the organization was illegal from
the beginning, and that Mr. Hill had no right
to be admitted, and that the State was not enti-
tled to representation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. " Not now entitled to
admission" is the language of the majority
resolution.
Mr. MORTON. 3Jo, sir; that is not the
recommendation of the majority. I will read
it again:
" Whereforo your committee feel called upon to
recommond that Mr. Hill bo not allowod to take a
sent in tho Senate,for tho reason that Georgia is not
entitled to representation in Congress, and submit
the accompanying resolution."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolution, if the
Senator will read it, is that Mr. Hill is not now
entitled to his seat. What he has been read-
ing is a part of the report which never had the
sanction of a majority of the committee. Read
the resolution.
Mr. MORTON. I will read the resolution.
Betolved, That Joshua Ilill, claiming to be Senator-
eloct from Georgia, ought not now to bo admitted to
take a seat in this body.
For the reason given just before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The ''reason1' is not
in the resolution ; the Senator from Nevada
reasoned that way.
Mr. MORTON. I am aware of that.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me one word ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. The conclusion of the
report reads thus:
" Whorefore your committeo feel called upon to
recommend that ilr. Hill be not allowed to tako a
seat in the Senate, for the reason that Georgia is not
entitled to representation in Congress, and submit
tho accompanying resolution."
There were three members of the committee
who concurred in that without qualification :
the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Rice,] the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] and
myself. All three concurred fully in the rea-
soning of the report; but the Senator from
New York [Mr. Conxlixg] said :
"I concur in the conclusion of the report, that Air.
-UiU ought not to bo admitted, and agree that the
report be made."
That makes four who did not use the word
" now."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolution uses the
word " now."
Mr. STEWART. But the conclusion of the
report had no such expression in it, and four
of the committee at least did not avail them-
selves of that qualification.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to say to the
Senator from Illinois that this a mere play
upon words. Why do they say that Mr. Hill
is not entitled to his seat? Because the State
is not entitled to representation. And why do
they say the State is not entitled to representa-
tion? Because the organization was illegal
and void from the beginning. So that it is no
difference what may be the peculiar phrase-
ology, there is the substantial reasoning of
the report, and it goes to the point that the
organization of the Legislature was radically
defective and void from the beginning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Read that part of the
report which yotr rely on to prove that.
Mr. MORTON. I have just read it. Then,
" Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. If the organization of
the Legislature of Georgia in 1868 was abso-
lutely void, I ask the Senator from Indiana
whether the fourteenth article of amendments
is a part of the Constitution of the United
States?
Mr. MORTON. I had intended to come to
the fourteenth article in the course of my
remarks. I will say to the Senator that the
Judiciary Committee reported that the ratifi-
cation of the fourteenth article by Georgia in
1868 was not valid beeause it was not ratified
by a_ legal Legislature, and I concur in that
opinion. The report does not say that the
organization was void ab initio, but the rea-
soning is to that effect precisely, because the
argument of the report is that the defects of
the organization went to the violation of the
fundamental law that authorized it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will par-
don me, as this relates to a question of con-
sistency, about which I am something of a
stickler, with his consent I will state to him in
five words how I understand that report.
Mr. MORTON. I give way.
Mr._ EDMUNDS. I understood that the
committee did cot think they would have been
justified in interfering with the Legislature ot'
the State of Georgia on account of the fact
that some persons had been permitted to stay
in the Legislature by the action of the Legis-
lature itself who could not properly be admit-
ted under the fourteenth amendment; that as
they had undertaken to decide on that ques-
tion we should not have been called upon to
interfere but for the subsequent factthat when
they had gone so far as apparently to be enti-
tled to representation they had perpetrated an
illegal revolution, had upset the Legislature
entirely. As I understood the report—and I
am not responsible for the mere language of
it, fori do not sit down to criticise a brother's
language whojs drawing up a report—the part
that speaks of the men who were disqualified
as we thought—and it turns out that three of
them were—was merely inducement which
would furnish evidence to us to characterize the
true nature of the subsequent expulsion of the
negroes and the introduction of the minority
men. And although that was done under the
form of a constitutional provision which au-
thorized the House to judge of the qualifica-
tions of its own members, yet we looked at this
previous conduct as evidence which would
justify us in characterizing the subsequent act,
although done under the mere form of law, as
really an illegal revolution.
Now, I do not mean to say that the precise
language used by my brother Stewakt will not
bear a broader construction. I only speak of
my own understanding of it, and state the fact,
