32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 22,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Crebs.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
she emerged from rebellion assisted to ratify,
and -which, for anything we can know, would
not have been adopted but for her.
And' yet, while thus recognized by all the
departments of Government as a State, it is
proposed by this bill to' destroy her State gov-
ernment and place her again under the heel
of the military, for rto reason except that her
Legislature, acting' under her constitution,
which has been declared by this House repub-
lican in form, exercised the power there given
to judge of the election, returns, and qual-
ifications of its own members, and in that ex-
ercise of judgment have done contrary to the
wishes of a majority on this floor, and, there-
fore, the State must be stricken down. But let
us see what is proposed by the bill under con-
sidesation. By the first section the so-called
Governor of Georgia is to issue a proclamation
summoning all persons that General George
G. Meade on the 25th day of June, 1868, de-
clared to be elected to eitlier house of the
Georgia Legislature, as well those dead as
alive, as well those carpet-baggers who have
left the State as those that remain, to assem-
ble in the State capitol on a day named, and
proceed to perfectits organization. The second
section requires the Legislature after it shall
haveconvened, inadditiontotheoaths required
by the constitution of the State, all members
shall take in substance what is denominated
the iron-clad oath; and those that cannot take
such oath shall be excluded from the Legisla-
ture, and only those that can take the oath, be
they few or many, whether a quorum or not,
shall organize themselves into a body to be de-
nominated the Legislature ofGeorgia, and shall
proceed to elect officers and organize their re-
spective houses.
The bill then further declares that the exclu-
sion of any one elected on the ground of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude should
be illegaland revolutionary, and is hereby pro-
hibited; and further provides that the Gov-
ernor of Georgia can at any time he desires
call upon the President of the United States
for such part of the military and naval forces
as he may wish, whenever, in his judgment, it
may become necessary, to enforce the pro-
visions of this act; and as a final act of in-
iquity, it declares that Georgia shall ratify the
fifteenth amendment to the Constitution be-
fore her Senators and Representatives shall
be admitted to seats in Congress. Will a
people jealous of their liberties sit idly by with
folded hands and see so great a wrong perpe-
trated upon the rights of a State part and parcel
of our common country?
Why, sir, has Georgia as a State no rights
which we as a people are bound to respect ? I
speak here not only in behalf of Georgia, but
in behalf of every other State in this Union. I
know not hut that my own noble State of Illi-
nois may be the next assailed. In defiance of
a Republican majority of near fifty thousand
one yearago, shehas thrown off party shaeklcs,
asserted her independence of the same, and
organized a constitutional convention' antag-
onistic to the views of a majority on this
floor. By such act she may fall under the dis-
pleasure of the arrogant majority here, and
soon the hand may be reached forth to strike
down all State government in her borders.
With the same right claimed in this bill a mili-
tary satrap or a provisional governor, which
is far worse, may be sent to rale her people
from her fair capitol; and if such ruler should
meet with opposition, as in such case he might,
he would have the same right to call for such
part of the military or naval forces of the Gov-
ernment as he might deem necessary, crushing
out from among her sons every vestige of per-
sonal liberty.
Why, sir, if you have the power claimed in
this bill to say to Georgia that unless you adopt
the fifteenth amendment your Senators and
Representatives shall not have seats on the
floor of either House of Congress, can you not
as well say to the people of Illinois, through
their delegates now sitting in convention at
Springfield, that unless the constitution you
frame provides that negroes shall be permit-
ted by express enactment to hold the office of
Governor or be entitled to a seat in the Legis-
lature or hold any other office in the State,
your Senators and Representatives shall no
longer have a place in these Halls, and this
must continue until you complywith our de-
mands? Sir, the power here claimed by Con-
gress has never been conferred on this body.
It is the power of might only ; it is that power
that the highwayman exercises on meeting the
traveler and with a pistol presented to his breast
demands his money or his life. Yet this is the
power proposed to be exercised under the pro-
visions of this bill toward unfortunate Georgia.
It is true it is claimed by the friends of the bill
on this floor that under the fourth section of
the fourth article of the Constitution, which
declares that Congress shall guaranty to each
State a republican form of government, they
have the right to invade Georgia and strike
down her State government.
"Ah Liberty! what crimes are committed in thy
name."
Has not Georgia a republican form of gov-
ernment now? It was acknowledged to be
republican by the great fathers of the Consti-
tution even when slavery was part and parcel
of her creed. And after she had formed her
new, her present constitution, untarnished
by slavery and made in every respect as re-
quired by Jaw, you of the majority here most
solemnly declared that her government was
republican • in form. And even last spring,
only in April, you passed upon it again, when
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] introduced in this House a hill very sim-
ilar to this in its iniquities,when you voted for
its postponement. By that vote you said Geor-
gia is a State and has a republican form of
government; and you further said we have no
constitutional rightto lay violent hands on her
framework of government, in the building up
of which we have had so much to do.
Has Georgia done anything since that calls
for this violent action on your part? Nothing
whatever, so far as we have heard on this
floor. Her Legislature, exercising the sup-
posed constitutional right it had to judge of
the election, returns, and qualifications of its
own members, saw fit to exclude from their
seats certain colored members elected. This
you say was a wrong that demands your in-
terference ; but lias this occurred since last
spring, when you said by your votes that
Georgia was true? Not at all. It occurred
long before. What has she done since to
call for this action on your part? You are
by your record then made estopped from urg-
ing anything that had before occurred in her
case. Why, then, is the mighty hand of the
Government sought to be laid on the State of
Georgia, notin the spirit ofkindness, dispensing
gently as dews of heaven the blessings of good
government upon her and her people, but
rather the mailed hand of a merciless foe, strik-
ing down her every right as a State of the
Union. Ah, Mr. Speaker, the reason is plain,
the reason is obvious to every candid mind
that will pause and reflect; and that reason is
simply to perpetuate party power in the Gov-
ernment. The fifteenth amendment cannot be
ratified unless Georgia can be forced to its
approval. Her people are opposed to it, as is
well known by the country, and for party suc-
cess and party ascendency the necessity exists
to force it upon some unwilling people. You
dare not force it upon Ohio, Kentucky, or New
J ersey. The public mind of the country might
thereby become alarmed. Therefore you select
the weaker, andpoor Georgia mnstbe the victim.
Nor is this all of party good to be accom-
plished by the passage of this bill. The same
Legislature, a fragment of which you now
propose to call together, exercising the high
prerogatives with which they were intrusted
by the constitution of their State, saw proper to
elect as the representatives of the sovereignty
of Georgia atthe other end of the Capitol men
who, while I believe they claim to be Repub-
licans, are still unwilling to obey blindly the
behests of party, and which independence on
their part demands at your hands this inter-
ference. And for whom do you thus override
not only the Constitution of your country but
even your own reconstruction laws? For whose
emolument and honor are you thus willing to
violate your most solemn pledges and plighted
faith, not only to the people of Georgia, but to
the whole country ?
Will it be believed in future ages, what is now
manifest and susceptible of demonstration, that
Congress is committing this great crime to drag
into the United States Senate—once the most
dignified body on earth, but now, oh, how
fallen from its onee high estate!—to drag into
that body against the will of the people of
Georgia, to be tools of the party in power,
two miserable wretches blackened all over with
crime and perfidy, whose personal presence
must ever be offensive to every man who has
the instincts or principles of a gentleman?
One a quondam, hired, mercenary tool of the
confederate government in the days when it
existed; now, by the grace of bayonets and re-
construction, theloyal(?J Governor of Georgia,
the betrayer of her people, and the robber of
her treasury. The other one, Foster Blodgett,
his fit companion in treason and in perfidy,
in crime and infamy. These former rebels
are now the petted favorites of Congress, and
as the result of this act are to be made, for-
sooth, against the will of her people, United
States Senators of the great State of Geor-
gia. And possibly the State may be so con-
trolled and manipulated that only men who
will obey the behests of party shall be re-
turned to this House. While, as I charge and
believe, these are the true reasons actuat-
ing the Republican majority in the passage of
this bill, yet I must do them the justice to say,
as before remarked, that the alleged reason is
because the Legislature of Georgia unseated a
few colored men from her councils. Now, let
us examine this question for a moment. I as-
sert that you look in vain in all the reconstruc-
tion acts for a line or a syllable indicating that
it was the purpose of Congress that negroes
should hold office. Why is this if Congress
intended they should? We find the statement
in the law, time and again, that they shall have
the right of suffrage; Did Congress fear the
indignation of the people should they declare
their purpose so plainly? And did they prefer
rather first to confer suffrage, and when the
minds of the members of their party had been
sufficiently educated then to declare, as they
now by this bill propose, that the law meant
that negroes should hold office also ? Geor-
gia adopted a constitution under the guid-
ance of these laws ; that constitution gave, as I
have said before, to her Legislature the rightto
judge of the election, returns, and qualifications
of her own members, as all other constitutions
do, and Congress said it was Republican in
form.
Both houses of the Legislature of Georgia, in
the due exercise of this clear, constitutional pre-
rogative and duty, decided against all negroes
who claimed seats therein on the ground of in-
eligibility ; of this question they were not only
the proper judges, but the sole judges, whose
decision there is no tribunal anywhere that can
review or annul—just as there is no appeal
from our decision, however erroneous, upon
the election, returns, and qualifications of mem-
bers of this House. But to remove and obviate
