1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1991
which is just to him and to myself, that when
a friend of mine, with whose political views I
agree, sits down to draw up a long report, I do
not undertake to make myself a special pleader
to criticise the exact way in which he arrives
at the precise result that I agree to.
Mr. MORTON. Of course when the Sen-
ator speaks of his private or personal under-
standing I am not at liberty to controvert that
for a moment; but I can only say to my friend
every reason in that report and the whole spirit
of it, not depending upon a particular phrase
or sentence, go to the point that the organiza-
tion was illegal from the beginning; that for
that reason the State of Georgia had not com-
plied with the reconstruction acts and was not
entitled to representation. Thus we all under-
stood it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not so understand it.
Mr. MORTON. My friend was not in when
I called his attention to the fact that only a few
days ago, in a resolution he offered, and which
brought out this report from the Judiciary
Committee, which he wrote, he wanted to in-
quire what further legislation was necessary for
the organization of the "provisional Legisla-
ture" for the State of Georgia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me for interrupting him right there, I will say
that that is entirely true. I wrote that resolu-
tion in that way, and I am glad of the opportu-
nity to state how it happened. The Judiciary
Committee reported the Georgia bill in Decem-
ber last with an express section in it declaring
that the Legislature should be provisional. We
made it so, as reported by the committee, ex-
pressly. I never knew until I came to draw up
this report and examine the law, so as to know
where we were, that that provision had been
struck out, or rather I had forgotten that fact
when I offered the resolution. Then I went
and looked at the original bill in the posses-
sion of the Secretary of the Senate, and I found
that the very section that the committee had
reported, making the Georgia Legislature pro-
visional, was struck out on the motion of my
friend from Indiana, and an entirely different
thing inserted. That is my explanation of
that.
Mr. MORTON. The question of personal
consistency is not a very good argument. I
merely referred to the position my friend had
taken, as I understood, ever since January,
1869, in support of the views entertained by
myself and those who are opposed to the Bing-
ham amendment.
Now, Mr. President, I have done with this
report, and I come to the other question: is
the State of Georgia at present and has it been
regarded as still being subject to the recon-
struction acts of 1867? According to the the-
ory of my friend, Georgia was entirely eman-
cipated from the reconstruction acts in 1868 ;
and it was according to the theory of the Sen-
ator from Illinois ; but my proposition is that
Georgia is to-day under the reconstruction
acts of 1867 and has been continuously so, and
that Congress, in the act of December, 1869,
so regarded it; and that the act of 1869 is not
in conflict with the reconstruction acts of 1867,
but is simply in aid of them. Now, I will refer
to the understandingthe executive department
has on the subject, and show upon what prin-
ciple Georgia is now governed and upon what
principle action has been taken. I have here
an order, issued by the President of the United
States on the 4th of January, 1870, and I will
read it to show that General Terry is now act-
ing expressly under the reconstruction laws of
1867, and that the military powers he exer-
cises are the same as those that were exercised
over every other reconstructed State:
[General Orders Ho. 1.]
Headquarters of the Army,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, January i, 18<0.
By direction of the President of theUnited States,
so much of General Orders No. 103, dated Head-
quarters third military district, department of Geor-
gia, Florida, and Alabama, Atlanta, Georgia, July
22, 1868," and so much of General Orders No. 55,
dated "Headquarters of the Army, Adjutant Gen-
eral's Office, Washington, July 25, 1868, as refers to
the State of Georgia is hereby countermanded.
Brevet Major General Terry will, until further
orders, exeroise within that State the powers of a
commander of a military district, as provided by tho
act of March 2, 1867, and the acts supplementary
thereto, under his assignment by General Orders No.
83, dated " Headquarters of tho Army. AdjutantGen-
eral's Office, Washington, December 21, 1869."
By command of General Sherman:
B. D. TOWNSEND, Adjutant General.
From this order it appears that General
Terry is now exercising the authority of mili-
tary commander under the acts of 1867, and
that the Executive regards Georgia as much an
unreconstructed State as any over which mili-
tary commanders have presided. I will now
state several facts in illustration of this. Gen-
eral Terry has in the past six weeks removed
a number of officers in the State of Georgia
that were elected at the same time with this
Legislature and with Governor Bullock. He
has removed three sheriffs of counties, and I
believe other officers. Iam authorized to state
further, that during the time this contest was
going on in the Georgia Legislature, a few weeks
ago, when charges were being made against
Governor Bullock for the purpose of poisoning
the mind of the Administration and of the
country against him, the President expressly
said to General Terry by letter: " If you find
that Governor Bullock is an obstacle in the
way of reconstruction, you have the right to
remove him the same as any other officer."
Mr. EDMUNDS. What document do you
read that from?
Mr. MORTON. I say I am authorized to
state that fact. It will not be controverted, I
presume, either.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know._ It de-
pends wholly on whom the authority is.
Mr. MORTON. My authority is good.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the fact?
Mr. MORTON. That the President informed
General Terry while the recent contest was
going on in the Georgia Legislature, at the time
charges were being made against Governor
Bullock, that if he found Governor Bullock
to be an obstacle in the way of reconstruction
he had the power to remove him. Now, accord-
ing to the Senator from Illinois he had no
power to remove Governor Bullock, because
Governor Bullock was not a provisional gov-
ernor, but, says the Senator from Illinois, is the
Governor of the State absolutely. I will read
what the Senator says:
"What was to be done? The act is specific. The
Governor of the State, not the provisional governor,
but the Governor of the State, is required to summon
certain persons. Whom?"
And then he goes on and recites the organ-
ization. It so happens that the executive de-
partment differs absolutely with the Senator in
regarding him as the unconditional Governor
of the State, but, as a provisional governor
subject to removal, the same as a sheriff or any
subordinate officer that may be guilty of vio-
lation of the law. And I state here now that
every officer in the State of Georgia is subject
to removal this day by General Terry. They
are not holding under the security of the State
constitution; they are not enjoying the security
of a tenure uuder the State constitution ; but
they hold their offices, every man of them, at
the will of the military commander of the dis-
trict.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask my friend
whether he means to say that as matter of fact
or matter of law?
Mr. MORTON. Why, Mr. President, as a
matter of law, of course.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As a matter of fact, I
agree with him, but as a matter of law, as a
question of opinion, I do not.
Mr. MORTON. Of course I understand
the Senator has a different opinion; but I am
stating that so far as the action of the Govern-
ment is concerned, every officer down there,
including the Governor, is absolutely at the
will of the military commander ; and they are
not regarded as holding under the tenure of
the State constitution.
Mr. President, inasmuch as the acts of 1867
are still governing the State of Georgia, and
the military authorities there are exercising
power to-day under the acts of 1867, let me
inquire for one moment what those acts say.
I read first from the fifth section of the act of
March 2, 1867, to show that the State of Geor-
gia is not fully restored, is not replaced in her
normal relations with the Union until her Sen-
ators and Representatives are actually admit-
ted and have actually taken their seats. I need
not read the whole section, but I will read so
much as is pertinent to this statement :
"And when said article shall have become part
of the Constitution of the United States "—
That is, the fourteenth article—
"said Stateshallbe declared entitled to representa-
tion in Congress, and Senators and ltepresentatives
shall be admitted therefrom on their taking the oaths
prescribed by law"—
And now mark the language—
"and then and thereafter tho preceding sections
of this act shall bo inoperative in said State."
"Then and thereafter," after the Senators
and Representatives have actually taken the
oath. Not when they have a right to do it,
not when they have been elected, but after
they have done it—then these provisions shall
be inoperative and void, and not until then.
Again I read from the beginning of the sixth
section. It says:
"That until the people of the said rebel States shall
by law be admitted to representation to the Congress
of the United estates all civil governments that may
exist therein shall bo deemed provisional only, and
shall be in all respects subject to the paramount
authority of the United States at any time to abol-
ish, modify, control, and supersede the same."
Until representation actually takes place any
civil government shall be regarded as provis-
ional only, and liable to be controlled, modi-
fied, or superseded by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. HOWARD. Where does the Senator
read from ?
Mr. MORTON. I read from the act of
March 2, 1867.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand that never
has been modified or repealed at all.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to read one section from the act of June
25, 1868?
Mr. MORTON. I am aware of that provis-
ion. That does not repeal or nullify what I
have read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Section three of the act
of June 25, 1868, provides—
"That tho first section of this act shall take effect
as to each State, except Georgia, when such State
shall by its Legislature duly ratify article fourteen
of the amendments to the Constitution of theUnite<l
States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and
as to the State of Georgia when it shall, in addition,
give the assentof said State to the fundamental con-
dition hereinbeforo imposed upon the same; and
thereupon the officers of each State duly elected and
qualified under tho constitution thereof sball bo
inaugurated without delay."
That, my friend will remember, was followed
by the inauguration of Governor Bullock on
the 22d of July, 1868.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, that does
not conflict with this section in the least. It
simply provides and declares when the State
shall be entitled to representation; and the
other act declares that when it actually has
representation the previous provisions of the
law shall no longer apply.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will allow
me but for a moment  _
Mr. MORTON. I cannot; it is impossible
for me to continue my argument with these
constant interruptions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana has the floor, and cannot be inter-
rupted without his consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We are on the point ot
the inauguration of a State government, not
on the point of admission to representation.
Mr. MORTON. Now, I want to refer my
