1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
it may be right that this bill should be referred
to that committee, and I withdraw my amend-
ment, although I still think the Committee on
Commerce would be the more appropriate
committee.
The motion of Mr. Cox was agreed to; and
the bill was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
RICHARD BTJDD."
Mr. CAKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. B. No. 1103) for the relief of
Richard Budd; which was read a first and
sccondtime, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
NEW JUDICIAL DISTRICT.
Mr. CAKE also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1104) to create
the northern judicial district of Pennsylvania;
which was read a first and second time, and
tefeiTed to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ISSUE OF CURRENCY.
Mr. CAKE also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1105) regulating
the issue of currency, and for an equitable dis-
tribution of the same; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
ou Banking and Currency, and ordered to be
printed.
EXPORT OF COIN. . ,
Mr. CAKE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1106) to check the drain of coin and pre-
pare for a permanent resumption of specie pay-
ments ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
WESTERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
reported back the bill (H. R. No. 850) relat-
ing to the Western Pacific railroad, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, and
moved that the substitute be printed, and with
the bill recommitted to the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
votes by which bills had been referred and
recommitted since the last motion to reconsider
was made; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed-to.
SALE OF REYENCE-CtTTTKIlS.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am authorized by every
member of the Committee on Appropriations
to report a bill to authorize the sale 'of five
revenue-cutters, and to ask that it may be put
upon its passage.
The bill was read for information. It author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to sell the five revenue-cutters now on the
northern lakes, not in commission, forsuoh con-
sideration and under such regulations as he may
prescribe, and provides that the proceeds be
covered into the Treasury.
Mr. MAYNARD. How does that bill
come in ?
The SPE AKER. The gentleman asks leave
to report it from the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
Mr. MAYNARD. For action? ■
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes, sit.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I object.
Mr."MAYNARD. It seems to me the bill
ought to be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
LAWRENCE. I hope the- gentleman
wilrallow me to make a statement, and then I
think there will be no objection to the oassatre
of the bill. .
Mr. CHURGHILL. I do not object to the
gentleman making a statement.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am informed by the
Secretary of the Treasury that there are six
revenue-cutters owned by the Government on
the northern lakes. They were put on during
the war, and until last year were kept in com-
mission at a cost of about two hundred and
sixty thousand dollars annually. But Con-
gress provided that only one should be kept in
commission. The other five are now taken
care of at a cost of about twelve thousand dol-
lars each, or an aggregate of sixty thousand
| dollars; and the revenue-cutters do nothing
j but rot. The Secretary of the Treasury advises
i that they Bhall be sold. He was before the
> Committee on Appropriations this morning,
| and, as every member of that committee will
| remember, advised us that there was no neces-
| sity for more than one of these revenue-cutters,
i and that the others ought to be sold,
i Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
! gentleman yield to me for a moment ?
! Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
merely to call the attention of the House to
: the fact that there are now ordered to be built
for the Atlantic coast three revenue-cutters, if
lam not mistaken; two, certainly. It may
be that two are to be built for the Atlantic
i coast and one for the Pacific coast. I think,
however, the proposition is to build three for
1 the Atlantic coast. Last year the Committee
; on Appropriations and the Committee on Com-
merce tried to get through this House a bill
to take one of these cutters from the lakes
through the canal and down the rivgr to the
Atlantic coast.
Mr. LAWRENCE. These revesnua-cutters
cannot be taken out of the lakes around to the
ocean.
• Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will excuse me ; I have investigated
this subject.
Mr. BECK. One of them can.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. One of
them can be taken around at a cost of about
three thousand dollars, by taking off the wheels
and then replacing them after the cutter has
been taken through the canal.
It is now proposed, at a cost of $200,000, to
build a revenue-cutter for the Atlantic coast
equal to one of those on the lakes. I think that
in war times it cost $300,000, or thereabouts,
to build one of these cutters. The late Secre-
tary of the Navy attempted to sell them, but
he could get not much more offered for the
whole of them than would be necessary to defray
the expense of keeping them from rotting, as
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] Bays.
I wish this subject might be sent to the
Committee on Commerce, in order that it may
be ascertained if one: of these cutters cannot
be sent around to the Atlantic coast. I under-
stand that one of these steam cutters—the
Chase, I think, is the name of it—can be taken
around. At any rate the whole matter should
be revised by the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
ask the gentleman from Ohio-  
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Churchill] withdraw his ob-
jection to the consideration of this bill at this
time ?
Mr. CHURCHILL. I do not.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
allow the bill to be referred to the Committee
on Commerce?
Mr. CHURCHILL. I will not object to its
reference to that committee, but I object to
its consideration at this time.
Mr. DAWES. Why should it not go to the
Committee on Appropriations, who have had
this matter under consideration ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. It has been suggested
by several members that it should be referred
to the Committee on Commerce. "
Mr. DAWES. It is not a matter of com-
merce, but of revenue.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the Committee
on Commerce is the proper committee to con-
sider this matter. It' that reference is not
made I shall object to the bill being introduced
at all.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that it shall go to the
Committee on Appropriations, where it be-
longs.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] asked leave to report
the bill from the Committee on Appropria-
tions, to which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Churchill] objected.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I do not object to its
going to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I withdraw my request
to be allowed to report the bill.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill is not before
the House.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, out of
its order, a concurrent resolution of the Senate
in reference to printing extra copies of the
Patent Office report for reference to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The concurrent resolution was read, as fol-
lows:
Resolved bu the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That there be printed four thou-
sand copies of the annual report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents for 1869 for the use of the Sen-
ate, ten thousand extra copies of the same for the
use of the House, and five thousand extra copies of
the same for distribution by the Commissioner of
Patents.
No objection being made, the concurrent
resolution was taken up and referred, under
the law, to the Committee on Printing.
REPORt ON BRITISH AMERICAN INDIANS.
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which, under
the law, was referred to the Committee op
Printing:
Resolved, That six thousand copies of th« report
of the Commissioner on Indian Affairs on the man-
agement of the Indians in British North America
by the British Government be printed for the use of
the members of this House.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted, by unanimous
consent, to Mr. Hill until the 9th instant, and
to Mr. Upson until the 16th instant.
Mr. STILES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I was about to make that
motion. It seems that we havfe nothing to do,
and we may as well adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
(at three o'clock p. m.) adjourned*.
PETITIONS, ETC. •
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ALLISON : The petitions of W. H.
Rich and 185 others, of Janesville; of Andrew
Lawrence and 25 othets, of Buchanan county;
of John Weaver and 41 others, of Watertown,
Floyd county; of N. Slaughter and 62 others,
of National; of S. H. Stannard and 23 others,
of Ottervitie; of Simon Clark and 93 others,
all of Idwa, and all praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. AMBLER: The petitions of Robert
M.Glass and* 29 others, citvzens of-East Fair-
field, Columbiana county, Ohio, and of William
Yantz and 36 others, citizens of Annapolis,
Jefferson county, Ohio, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ASPER': The petition of N. 8- Long
and 40 others, citizens of Buttsville, Grundy
county, Missouri, asking the repeal of all laws
granting the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William W. Jesse and
88 others, of Martinsville, Harrison county,
Missouri, asking the repeal of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of R. H. Burns and 29
others, of Scottsville, Sullivan county, Mis-
souri, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of S. W. Muller, post-
master, and 100 others, citizens of Winters-
