1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2935
time or other come forward and state that he
has discovered some fraud that the keen sus-
ceptibilities of my friend has not been able to
discover.
Now, in regard to my good friend from New
York, [Mr. Van Wyck,] let me say that he
has been in Congress for a long time, and must
know that this is not the first time when the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo has attracted the
attention of both Houses of Congress. I have
no desire to point out to the gentleman the
course which he shall follow; but it strikes
me that if I had these misgivings which he
expresses I would have tried Defore this to have
had adopted some different mode of adjudicat-
ing these claims than that which has prevailed
in Congress since 1855. Yet the gentleman
has sat by here and allowed various claims to
be ratified by Congress, if he has not himself
voted for them. It is well known, and the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Van Wyck]
ought to know it, that prior to 1824, the time
of the enactment of the land laws of Mexico,
settlers upon the public lands in the republic
of Mexico could obtain aoy quantity of land
they might desire; there was no limit as to the
number of acres which settlers could take.
The limit was first fixed by an act of the Mex-
ican congress of 1824; and since I have had
any connection with the Committee on Private
Lund Claims of this House 1 have never re-
ported or favored—and I challenge an invest-
igation of your law-books to prove the state-
ment—1 have never reported in favor of a single
case arising subsequently to the act of 1824
without limiting the grant, in each case to the
eleven leagues limited by the act of the Mexi-
can Congress of 1824.
We had a case before the House yesterday
which involved a claim a hundred years old.
To our shame be it said, as members of the
American Congress, that claim has been kept
back ever since we acquired the territory in
1848; and yet to-day it is sought to alarm this
House because here is a bill for forty-four
thousand acres of land. I do not know that
I have authority to speak for the heirs of these
persons, but 1 am inclined to think that they
would be willing to dispose of this land for five
cents per acre. They are entitled to it by the
land laws of Mexico; their title was perfected
and completed before the United States acquired
the Territory of New Mexico. By that treaty
we took from them their title-papers, and are
now called upon to restore their titles to them
in good faith.
Mr. O'NEILL. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee, [Mr. Welker.]
Mr. WELKER. The debate in relation to
this bill has taken quite a wide range. I
am sorry that reflections have been cast back
and forth, growing out of other things not con-
nected with this bill. Now, I do not arrogate
to the Committee on Private Land Claims any
more ability, or industry, or perseverance in
the examination of cases before them than I
am willing to accord to any other committee.
But the nature of the cases brought before that
committee makes it necessary that we should
examine very thoroughly many legal questions
growing out of the class of business referred
to that committee. These old Mexican grants
involve a great deal of examination and re-
search, in order to ascertain the foundation of
title in those who make claim to land. This
bill was referred to a sub-committee of the
Committee on Private Land Claims, who con-
ferred with the officers of the Government to
whom access could be had in the city of Wash-
ington. A full investigation was made of the
treaty between the United States and the re-
public of Mexico, by which jurisdiction of this
territory was acquired by the Government of
the United States; and it required a great deal
of examination, and a great deal of study in
order to investigate properly all the questions
that are embodied in the very able and coucise
report made by my colleague on the commit-
tee, [Mr. Mayham,] and which has been read.
I regret very much that that report has not
been printed, in such a way as to enable every
member of this House to make a full investi-
gation of the points of fact and of law involved
in this case. But it so happens that no opportu-
nity of that kind occurred ; and as it is a ques-
tion which in a general debate here might not
be very well understood, I thought it better, so
far as I am concerned, that after the reading
of the report the bill should be put on its
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Welker] what objection there is to recommit-
ting the bill now, with an order that it be printed,
and entering a motion to reconsider, so that
members of the House can have an opportu-
nity to read the report ?
Mr. WELKER. The objection is that it
crowds back other committees that are clam-
orous to make reports; and the bill can per-
haps be as well understood by members after
an hour's discussion as it could be by delaying
the matter and trusting to the reading of the
report by members.
Mr. BINGHAM. It would not crowd back
this report. I only wish to say that I think we
ought to have an opportunity to read the report.
Mr. O'NEILL. The proposition of the gen-
tleman is a very unusual one.
Mr. BINGHAM. Such a request is not an
unheard-of thing where a grant of sixty-three
thousand acres of land is involved.
Mr. O'NEILL. Only forty-eight thousand
acres.
Mr. BINGHAM. I believe that a square
league is nine square miles, which would make
the quantity of land embraced in this bill sixty-
three thousand acres. The gentleman says
that the quantity is only forty-eight thousand
acres. Well, there is a little difference of only
fifteen thousand acres.
Mr. ORTH. How many acres, according to
the gentleman's estimate, are embraced in a
Mexican league?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will answer the gentle-
man. I suppose a Mexican square league con^
tains nine square miles Spanish. I take it for
granted that such is the fact. Does the gentle-
man say I am right or wrong? The Spanish
square mile may be less than the English.
Mr. ORTH. Eleven square leagues are less
than forty-five thousand acres.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman
whether it is true or not that a Mexican league
contains nine square miles, and he gives me
no answer. This House is asked to take this
whole matter upon an oral statement.
Mr. ORTH. I will answer the gentleman's
question. Four thousand four hundred and forty
acres constitute a square league, according to
Mexican measurement.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman has not
answered my question by any means. The
question may not be material except in this
point of view: it is conceded by the commit-
tee that by the Mexican law of 1824 any grant
of land exceeding eleven square leagues is
void; therefore, in settling this question it
becomes a matter of some moment to determ-
ine what is the exact extent of the grant we
propose to confirm by this bill.
Mr. O'NEILL. At all events the bill limits
the grant to eleven square leagues. This is
the most that has ever been granted or will
be under these Mexican claims.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think we may as well
have the report printed and the bill recom-
mitted, with a motion entered to reconsider,
so that members can read for themselves the
views of the committee. In this suggestion I
cast no reflection on the committee.
Mr. O'NEILL. I call for a vote.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not engrossed.
If the demand be insisted oa the bill will have
to go to the Speaker's table,
Mr. ORTH. I hope my colleague will not
insist on that demand.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let the bill go to the
Speaker's table. That will give us an oppor-
tunity to read it.
Mr. ORTH. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. ORTH. On that motion I call the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 60, not voting
89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Arnell.Asper,
Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bird, Buckley, Burchard,
Roderick R. Butler, Calkin,Cessna, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Cowlcs, Dixon, Dockery, Farnsworth, Gilfil-
lan.Hamill, Hamilton, Hays, Hoar, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Ingersoll, Johnson. Thomas L. Jones, Judd,
Julian, Kelley.Kelsey,Kerr,Ketcham,Knott,Laflin,
McCarthy. McCrary, McNeely, Eliakim II. Moore,
William Moore, Morgan, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Pack-
ard, Packer, Pomeroy, Potter,Prosser, Rogers, Roots,
Sanford,Sargent. Schenck, Shanks, Joseph S.Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes. Stra-
der, Strong. Swann, Sweeney.Trimble.Tyner,Upson,
Voorhees, Wells, Wheeler, Wiilard, Williams, Eu-
gene M. Wilson, Winchester, Witcher, and W ood—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Atwood, Barry, Beaman,
Bingham, Blair, Bufflnton, Cake, Amasa Cobb, Con-
ger, Conner, Covode, Cox. Cullom, Degener, Dickey,
Donley, Ferrio-s Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch,
Getz, Gibson, Haight, Hawley, Heflin.Hill, Holman,
Alexander H. Jones, Kellogg, Lawrence, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, McCormick, McKee, Morphis,Samuel
P. Morrill, Paine, Palmer, Perce, Phelps, Poland,
Randall, Sawyer, Scofield, Sherrod, John A. Smith,
Stiles. Stone, Stoughton. Strickland, Tanner, Till-
man. Van Auken, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, and Winans—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Axteil, Ayer, Bailey, Banks. Barnum, Bennett,
Benton, Biggs. Boles, Booker, Bowen. Boyd. George
M. Brooks. James Brooks, Buck. Burdett, Burr,
Benjamin F. Butler, Churchill, William T. Clark,
Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Cook.Crebs, Davis.Dawes,
Dickinson. Dox, Duval, Dyer, Ela.Eldridge,Fox, Gar-
field. Griswold, Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Harris,
Hawkins.Hay, Heaton, Hoge.Jenckes, Knapp, Lash,
Logan, Marshall, Mayham, Maynard, McGrew, Mc-
Kenzio, Mercur, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore, Daniel J.
Morreli, Morrissey, Mungen, N egley, Niblack, Peck,
Peters, Piatt, Porter, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Sehu-
maker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Shober,
Slocum, AVilliam J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stevenson, Taffe, Taylor, Townsend, Twichell, Van
Horn, Van Trump, Welker, Whitmore, Wilkinson,
John T. Wilson, and Woodward—89.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. ORTH. We need a few minutes more;
and I therefore move that the House adjourn,
and on that motion ask the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will not
gain any point on that. The bill goes to the
Speaker'8 table.
Mr. ORTH. I appeal to my colleague to
withdraw his objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannot consent to with-
draw my objection. This bill confirms the title
to a vast tract of land, and I wish to have time,
so that we may be enabled to read the report
of the committee and examine the facts for
ours6lves.
The SPEAKER. The bill goes to the
Speaker's table, and the morning hour has now
expired.
income tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. Iam directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) declaratory
of the meaning and intention of the law relat-
ing to income tax, with the Senate amendment,
and to move that the amendment of the Senate
be non-concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The joint resoluti<A and
the substitute of the Senate will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The joint resolution of the House is as fol-
lows :
Be it resolved, d'c.. That whereas doubts have
arisen, and conflicting decisions been made in the
different Departments of the Government in regard
to the construction of the laws relating to tax on
incomes, it is hereby declared to be the true intent
j and meaning of the acts relating to that subject, that
« all persons are liable to the payment of their proper
, income tax accruing and to accrue, for and during,
i and up to the end of the year 1870; and that the
i assessment aud collection of any such tax accruing
