4824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
to add to the thirty-sesond section the follow-
ing proviso.:
Provided, however,,-That when an application for
a patent has been rejected or withdrawn, and a new
application has beenfiled prior to the passageof this
act, mere lapse of time shall be no ground of objec-
tion to the granting'of the patent, or to its validity
when granted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN". I move to amend the bill
by striking oat the sixty-second section, and
inserting in lieu -thereof the following :
I That whenever it shall appear that the patenteo
| at the time of making .his application for tho patent
* believed himself to be'the original and first inventor
or discoverer of the thing patented, the same shall
notbeheldto be void on account of theinvention or
discovery, or any part thereof, having been known,
used, orpatented in a foreign country before his in-
vention or discovery thereof, if the same shall not
have been introduced into public use in the United
States prior to the application.
That varies but a very little from the section
as it now stands ; and the reason that I have for
offering the amendment is this, and I will state
what constitutes the difference : I suppose the
patent laws are designed for the benefit of
actual inventors. That, I take it, is the pre-
cise object. Now, it is within my own knowl-
edge that inventors as distant as Maine from
Georgia have filed in the Patent Office here
their applications for patents for the same
precise thing, and it is within my own knowl-
edge that the model for a certain press upon
one occasion reached the Patent Office from
an inventor in Maine and from an inventor in
Louisiana on precisely the same day; and in
a conference with the Commissioner of Patents
he became satisfied that each of the two in-
ventors never could, by any possibility, have
had any knowledge of what the other was
doing. It was an illustration of the fact that
two men might invent the same thing at remote
points.
Now au inventor makes a discovery of any
kind,'I do not care what it is, in this country,
and he makes application for his patent; noth- •
ing of the kind is known in this country, and
letters-patent are granted to the inventor; but
it is discovered afterward that some such thing
is known abroad. I have knowledge of a
case precisely like this which has taken place
in the Department within the last few mouths.
An inventor makes a discovery; he files his
application and gets his letters-patent; he has
the use of it perhaps a year; and then, what
could never on earth have reached the observ-
ation of the inventor, and what had never
reached the observation of the Patent Office,
comes some obscure publication from England
showing that a patent had been granted of a
similar character embracing the same principle,
and his letters-patent are abrogated. _ I hold
that he was just as much an original inventor
as though he had invented the thing before it
was invented in England. We ought at least
to put our inventors on the same basis with
those of England.
Now I am told, on conferring with gentlemen
who understand the matter much better than
myself, that it is the' practice of the English
inventors to have their men in this country and
to send there the inventions that are really
made here, and they are patented by English
subjects; and thus American citizens are pre-
vented from obtaining that kind of a patent
which they give in England, not precisely like
ours. I cannot for my life see any good objec-
tion to it. I think either the last clause in the
section as it stands in the bill should be stricken
out, or that the section as I propose to amend
it should be adopted. It is just a simple pro-
tection to our inventors.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, this sec-
tion strikes me as a very singular one. 1 should
like to inquire from the chairman of the com-
mittee whether such a provision has existed
heretofore in any patent law which we have
overpassed. What is this proposition? A man
makes what he supposes to bean invention,
' and is so ignorant that he does not know that
it was invented before by somebody else in
some other country; and yet he is to have
a patent which shall give him a monopoly
throughout the whole length and breadth of
this great country, with its forty million peo-
ple, of the use of that invention, tihus depriv-
ing the people of the right to use a thing which
may be in use in a foreign country and per-
fectly well known there, and purchasable there,
because, being ignorant of the very subject
about which he was inventing, he supposed that
he was the first inventor. In other words, it
is a premium to a man to shut his eyes to the
truth, it is a premium for ignorance, it is a
premium to him for not studying the subject
at all and finding what is known about it. That
is precisely what it is; and now, on principle,
how does it stand? Why, says the Senator
from Maine, he may be just as meritorious
a man as if he was in point of fact the first
inventor. So far as he himself in concerned,
he may in one sense be called, not the first
inventor, but an inventor. Certainly he may
be so called, so far as he himself is concerned,
for he has discovered the thing for himself.
Mr. WILLEY. Allow me to ask whether the
Senator is discussing the amendment offered
by the Senator from Maine or the bill?
Mr. THURMAN. My objection goes to the
whole section. The question I asked of the
chairman was whether such a provision as this
is now the law?
Mr. WILLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. How long has it been the
law.
Mr. WILLEY. It has been the law since
July, 188G, with this exception: that after the
words " foreigu country" the words "before
his invention or discovery thereof" are inserted
in this clause.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator let me
see the law as it now stands ?
Mr. WILLEY. Here is the section.
Mr. THURMAN. This, I am told, is the
law as it now stands :
" That whenever it shall satisfactorily appear that
tho patentee, at the time ot making his application
for tho patent, believed himself to bo tho original
and first inventor or discoverer of the thing patented,
tho same shall not bo held to bo void on account of
the invention or discovery, or any part thereof, hav-
ing been before known or used in a foreign country,
if it had not been boforo patented or described in
a printed publication," &c.
Mr. WILLEY. The words " before his in-
vention or discovery thereof" aie not in the
old law; they are inserted here.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I confess that I was not
aware that this had been the law for so long a
time. If it has received the sanction of tho
Government and country for so long a time 1
admit-that is a strong argument in its favor;
but it does seem to me that it is of very doubt-
ful propriety, to say the least. These patent
rights are monopolies; and although an in-
ventor is often a most meritorious man, and
deserves to be paid much more thanTie actually
receives, nine tenths of the inventors are not
entitled to any thanks at all. I think it may
be fairly said that more than half of the so-
called inventions are not inventions, and peo-
ple are compelled often to pay for the use of
machines in which there is no novelty whatso-
ever, and a large portion of the other so-called
inventions are simply useless; but so far as the
useless ones are concerned it makes no differ-
ence. There are multitudes of these inven-
tions, so called, upon which people are com-
pelled to pay, or are harassed if they use them,
that are not novel at all, and that any reason-
able amount of diligence in ascertaining
whether they had been invented before or not
would have satisfied the person'that he was not
an inventor, and that they had existed before.
However, sir, as this law has existed so long,
I will not press a motion to strike out the sec-
tion.
Mr. WILLEY. Tho amendment offered by
the Senator from Maine was considered in the
committee very deliberately. The matter was
brought to the notice of the committee, not for
the purpose of amending the section in the
manner he proposes now, but in the form -of A
bill which had been sent to the committee, on
the motion of the Senator' from Main®, ask-
ing for relief in the special case to which he
alludes. There may be cases where relief
should be granted, bat they are speeial eases,
and they ought to be specially considered, and
the relief ought to be granted by Special bill.
If the amendment of the Senator from Maine
be adopted you open a door to a vast amount
of fraud and perjury and corruption.
Mr. HAMLIN. How?
■ Mr. WILLEY. My connection with the
Patent Office has satisfied me that sijch will be
the fact. Men will assume notto have known
of a foreign invention; and hoping that the fact
will never be discovered, and that they will
never be brought to an account for it, they will
swear to the &ct, and thus they will, perhaps,
divert rigid scrutiny and attention that would
be given to their case from an examination
of it.
The principle upon which these monopolies
are given was well stated by the Senator from
Maine. It is to reward the inventor; it is to
reward the discoverer of an invention, and no
person else ; and to allow a person to have a
monopoly of an improvement in this country,
when he was not really the inventor of it, and
when, if his patent had not issued perhaps just
when it did, the knowledge of the foreign inven-
tion would have come to this country, is doing
injustice to the country, and is rewarding a man
for that which he does not deserve. It is giv-
ing him a monopoly in return for an invention
which henever made, which was known abroad.
The brain of another man has discovered it,
and he in this country is reaping the reward.
There may be cases, such as the one he men-
tioned, that would present an instance of hard-
ship ; and that is a case far speeial legisiation.
The Department, I am satisfied from my
knowledge of it—but that has not been yery
extensive—from conversation and conference
with officers of that, Department, will be deluged
with applications predicated upon the view
which this amendmen t contains, from the time
of its adoption right on. Why should the Uni-
ted States grant a man a patent when he did
not discover the principle patented? The Sen-
ator from Maine says he is virtually the dis-
coverer, and is entitled to as much creditfor it,
because he did not know of the foreigu inven-
tion. There may be cases of hardship, special
cases containing special reasons for relief. _ In
all such cases Congress is open to application,
and the sense of justice of Congress will induce
a bill of relief to meet every such case ; and I
think that is a sufficient remedy. Let each
case of th'is character stand by itself.'
The Senator must see, and the Senate must
see, how wide a field for fraud will be opened
by the adoption of his amendment; and yet
if a party actually in good faith supposes he
has made the discovery, and there are circum-
stances connected with it appealing to the jus-
tice of Congress and of the country, doubtless
Congress would give him relief in that particu-
lar case : but if you throw open the door as
wide as the amendment will open it, you open
the door to fraud, yon open it to perjury, and
you open it to reward men who are not entitled
to a reward for the discovery of inventions
which they never made. By retaining the
present section you by no means preclude any
such claimant from the relief he is entitled to
upon the special circumstances of his ease.
The committee duly considered this matter,
and they thought the amendment ought not
to prevail, and that all such cases should be
addressed to the sense of justice and to the
discretion of Congress. -
The PRESIDING OFFICEP*. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
The amendment was rejected.
