1992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
friend to the fact that he has just read that
Georgia is entitled to representation, not that
she has actually got it or that the act of 1867
has passed away, but that she shall be entitled
to representation upon the ratification of the
fourteenth amendment. And then my friend
came in in 1869 and reported that she had not
ratified the fourteenth amendment because she
had not a legal Legislature.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, I will not interrupt
you any more; you do not want me to do so.
Mr. MORTON. Now, Mr. President, I
come to the question of inauguration. It was
claimed by my friend yesterday, and it was
claimed by the Senator from Illinois, and stress
was laid upon it, that because Governor Bul-
lock had been inaugurated by the Legislature,
therefore the State was taken out from under
the jurisdiction—*—
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg your pardon 
Mr. MORTON. I so understood the Sen-
ator. I know he referred particularly and
placed stress upon the fact of the inauguration.
1 want to say that no act performed by the Gov-
ernor of Georgia, or by the Legislature of
Georgia in inaugurating him, could take that
State out from imder the operation of the
reconstruction laws if those laws had not, in
point of fact, been complied with. That is the
point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It conflicts with its own
action as to its own Legislature.
Mr. MORTON. Now, Mr. President, what
time does a State government in a new State
go into operation? I will take the case of a
Territory just formed into a new State, before
its admission into the Union. It must adopt a
constitution in pursuance of an act authorizing
it to do it. It must elect officers of the State
government. Now, when does that State gov-
ernment become effective? From what period
does it date? Why, sir, it dates from the time
that the State is admitted. The previous elec-
tion, the previous formation of theconstitution,
these are all mere acts of preparation, these
are all things preliminary, which amount to
nothing and go for nothing unless the Stato is
subsequently admitted. And so with regard to
this work of reconstruction; if these States are
not subsequently actually admitted to repre-
sentation, up to that time all that they have
done goes for nothing. All that was done
before was simply a matter of preparation,
preparing them for subsequently coming in and
being restored to their places in the Union.
Therefore the State government, the tenure
of the officers, does not- date from the time the
election was held, bv.o dates from the time of
the restoration of the State, when the military
commander no longer has power to remove
them, when they are no longer under his con-
trol. But when the State government goes into
operation and the State is completely restored
then the tenure begins. Any other conclusion
is illogical and is in conflict with the facts and
the practice of the Government.
_ Mr. President, I want now to refer to the
history of this matter. When the ordinance
passed by the convention, I believe in April,
1868, was adopted, everything was going on
smoothly. There was no apprehension that
there was to be any disturbance, any act of
treachery or of revolution in the State of
Georgia. It was expected that the Legislature
would be organized in accordance with the law
and^iti pursuance of the express enactments
of Congress ; and it was enacted in anticipa-
tion of a speedy and successful reconstruction,
and the act that we passed here in June, 1868,
was also adopted in full faith that reconstruc-
tion was just at hand. Any one who is familiar
with the history of this legislation understands
full well that all that we did was in expecta-
tion that in a short time Georgia would come
into the Union, just as we now expect that in
two or three days Texas will he admitted. This
legislation was had in pursuance of that ex-
pectation, and certain expressions in that legis-
lation were adopted with that view. Al! that,
however, does not at all affect the fact that the
fundamental conditions were subsequently vio-
lated, and that Congress has refused by most
specific and significant action to recognize that
reconstruction as valid.
Mr. President, allow me to refer to the fact
that Georgia, and I believe at the instance of
my friend from Vermont, was denied her vote
for President and Yice President. If he is
right now he wag very wrong then. If his posi-
tion to-day is correct and if the position of the
Senator from Illinois is correct, Congress did
a, jjreat wrong in denying to Georgia her voice
in electing a President and Vice President.
Sir, that was one of the most direct and signifi-
cant acts that could be performed, showing
that Georgia was not reconstructed, but that
she was still regarded as an unreconstructed
State and under the control of Congress.
Then, sir, General Meado surrendered his
authority. _ That is dwelt upon by the Senator
from Illinois, that General Meade surrendered
his authority and turned the State over to the
civil authorities after the ratification of the
fourteenth amendment and the election of
Senators. Suppose he did. He did it, as was
subsequently shown, under a mistake. His
act cannot affect the condition of the State,
and it was so decided in taking back that act.
It turned out, and General Meade ought to
have known at the time, but it seems he did
not, that the State Legislature had not been
organized in harmony with the law, but in vio-
lation of it. That fact was subsequently dis-
covered, and the fact that General Meade quit
his station and turned over the State into the
hands of the civil authorities and returned to
Washington does not affect the future violation
of the conditions of the law, whatever force
Senators may try to place upon it. It amounts
to nothing at all.
Mr. President, fraud vitiates everything.
It vitiates a contract; it vitiates a judgment
that maybe rendered j it renders void, when
proven, everything into which it enters. It is
a fatal poison; and when it turned out that
there was a conspiracy from the very begin-
ning to defeat the reconstruction laws; that
this conspiracy entered into the very organiza-
tion of the Legislature; that the true character
of the men who were ineligible under the re-
construction acts was concealed and covered
up, and false reports made to both houses of
the Legislature—I say when these things were
shown, ana the fraud manifest, it vitiated all
that had been done. And I have the authority
for this statement, Mr. President, of the Sen-
ator from Vermont himself. For the commit-
tee said, and the Senator said:
r'l*£"nTxamination into thosubse&uent proceedings
ot the Legislature and tho disorganized condition of
society m that fatate leads,your comraitteo to the
conclusion that all these violations of law were in
pursuanco of a common purpose to evado the law and
resist the authority of the United States."
Hero we have the authority of the committee
that all these violations of law were in pur-
suance of a common purpose, or in other words
were the result of a conspiracy which violated
the law and vitiated all that was done.
Now, Mr. President, what other evidence
have we that Congress has refused to recog-
nize the reconstruction of Georgia up to this
time? Why, sir, I have referred to the fact
that we refused to count her electoral vote. I
now refer to the fact that we passed a bill in
December last for the reorganization of the
Legislature of Georgia, for the reconstruction
of that State, and how does that bill begin ?
Does it begin by stating that the Legislature of
Georgia has improperly expelled certain col-
ored members ? Does it begin by saying that
certain persons have seats in the Legislature
who ought to be turned out, and therefore pro-
vide for that? According to the Senator from
Illinois, that is all our bill amounts to, that we
simply intended to purge the existing Legisla-
ture ; for, said the Senator:
« *«* Pissed the 22d
of December last is not aa act placing Georgia under
a provisional government at all; but it is an act
providing for the reorganization of the Legislature.
For what purposo? There was no other object in
this act, and Congress had nothing else in contem-
plation than to purge tho Legislature of such mem-
bers as were disqualified by the fourteenth amend-
ment, and to reseat the eolored men who had been
illegally expelled."
If that was the purpose of Congress, why did
not Congress declare it? If that was our only
purpose, why did. we not say in the law that
this Legislature when it is convened shall
reseat the colored men and shall expel the
men who hold seats there in violation of the
fourteenth amendment? I call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that the act of Decem-
ber last provides for calling together the mem-
bers that General Meade had declared to be
elected, taking no notice of the fact that there
had ever been a Legislature, and provided for
an organization de novo. That is a repudiation
of the declaration of the Senator from Illinois.
Now, Mr. President, let me refer a little
more to the recent report of the Judiciary
Committee, and to the arguments of the Sena-
tor from Illinois and the Senator from Ver-
mont, in fegard to the violations of the law in
this recent organization. Great stress was
placed by those Senators on the fact that in the
organization of the present Legislature the law
had been violated. In other words, a grand
demonstration was made against the present
Legislature as a feint behind which the Bing-
ham amendment was to be carried. After hav-
ing argued in the report at great length that
the law was violated in the organization of this
Legislature, they then come down in the fol-
lowing wonderfully easy and kind style, and
say, "After all it does not amount to anything."
It reminded me very much of that celebrated
character who was employed to personate the
lion, and after he had roared terribly, fearing
that he might alarm the audience, he put hi-j
head out from behind the disguise and said,
"Do not be scared ; after all it is only Snug,
the joiner." After this committee had dilated
upon the wicked violations of law, it then comes
down in the following gentle and amiable
manner:
"In this condition of affairs,inasmuch as tho errors
of the general in command, before stated, do not
appear to have worked any serious injustice in point
ot fact.
What were those errors? General Terry had
refused to allow three inen notoriously ineli-
gible, their ineligibility known to him, to take
the oath and commit perjury. That is the great
complaint against General Terry. But the
committee finally admit that there was no in-
justice done, because they concede that the
men were ineligible, and could not have taken
the oath without committing perjury.
Then, again, as to the seating of the persons
who had the next largest number of votes in
the place of those who were refused their seats
because they were ineligible, the committee,
after stating the case, finally wind up in this
very kind, forgiving way:
"And as the error in seating the minority candi-
dates^ was committed by tho nousc of representa-
Not by Governor Bullock, not by General
lerry, but by the house of representatives—
• e^®rcise°f a right ordinarily belonging: to it
in tho first instance. '
In consideration ot these gentle and extenu-
almg circumstances the committee finally rec-
ommend that the organization ought to be
allowed to stand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will permit
me to remind him that it is not quite fair to
misrepresent a report. He willpardon so strong
atl ®sPress'on- If he will be kind enough to
read the rest he will see that he has mistaken
the position of the committee entirely. The
committee expressly say that such being the
fact, inasmuch as the party who object say that
if they can have a new election under their
constitution they are willing that the illegal
Legislature should stand, wo did not feel called
'.spou to make a recommendation.
