2936
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
in the year 1870, and remaining upsifl. on the 1st
day of J anuary. 1871, may, under the existing pro-
visions of law, bo mado in the said last-mentioned
year.
The amendment of the Senate is to strike
out all after the resolving clause of the resolu-
tion and to insert the following:
That sections one hundred and twenty, one hun-
dred and twenty-one, one hundred and twenty-two,
undone hundred and twouty-tkree ot' the act of June ,
30,1864, entitled "An act to provide internal revenue
to support the (Government, pay interest on the pub-
lic debt , and for other purposes," as amended by the
act of July 13,1808, and tho act of March 2,18tj7, shall
be construed to impose tho taxes therein mentioned
for and during the year 1870: and that all such taxes
shall bo collected in tho manner now or hereafter
provided by law.
Mr. RANDALL, I should like to ask the
chairman of theCommitteeof YVaysand Means
a question. What will be the effect of a motion
to lay the whole subject upon the table? How
■will it leave this question of the income tax?
Mr. SCHENCK. It would leave it precisely
as it stands now, iu doubt and dispute, as to
what is the interpretation of the law. I pro-
pose in a moment to explain the position of
this matter as it is presented now to the House
l'or consideration. Early in the session, two •
or three months ago f\t least, the Committee
of Ways and Means had their attention called
to the condition of affairs in regard to the in- ,
come tax. There were various interpretations !
of the law, some officers of the Government i
insisting on deductions from salaries, and others ;
in the War Department claiming no deduction ;
was to be made. These difficulties, so far as (
the salaries are concerned, have been recon-
ciled since, and they have been making the
deduction. But in this state of facts* examin-
ing the law, and the committed becoming satis-
fied of the cloudy character of the legislation
on the subject of the iucome tax, these two
propositions seemed to be apparent: first, that
it was the intention of Congress in past legis-
lation to continue the income tax for and during
the year 1870 ; and in the next place, that there
had been no continuance of the machinery to
be put in operation in the spring of 1871 for the
collection of the tax for the year 1870. They
therefore introduced a joint resolution to con-
tinue the deduction of the income tax, and
providing for its collection for the year. 1870 in
the year 1871, the tax then to expire by limit-
ation unless the subject should be taken up
and by future legislation the tax continued.
This went to the Senate. The . Senate have
sent back the original joint resolution as passed
by the House with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute. Their substitute provides for
the collection of the tax from dividends of rail-
road and insurance companies and to keep up
the tax on salaries, but to let everything else go.
Now, the Committee of Ways and Means are
of opinion thptthii patch-work will not answer,
and that the income thought to be either con-
tinued or to stand or,fall as an entirety; and
that if Congress choose to continue it, it should
be with such amendments as Congress may
think proper hereafter to make to it, or else
should be left just as it is, for the construction
of the present law. They have recommended,
therefore, non-concurrence in the amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman will
allow me I would ask him what would be the
effect if we passed no bill at all, but laid this
on the table?
Mr. SCHENCK. If we paSSted no bill at all
the whole subject of the Income tax woula be
left in its present eloudy and uncertain state.
We sought to clear it up by the joint resolution
which we sent to the Senate, by making a spe-
cific designation of the time when it would
expire, and of the manner of its collection for
the past year, which was in doubt.
Mr. ARCHER. Has not the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue decided this question, and
would not that decision inland in case We take
no action ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue has decided to go on with the II
collection upon the dividendsunder the monthly
reports. He has decided to go on with the col-
lection upon salaries; and he will claim, I
believe, that next spring, if there be any pro-
cess for doing it, the income tax for 1870 will
be collected. But I do not know any means
by which he can accomplish that.
Mr. ARCHER. You consider that there is
no machinery by which it can be collected ?
Mr. SCHENCK. There is none that I know
of, under what appears to be the construction
of the law.
Mr. LYNCH. Would it not settle the whole
matter to bring in a bill to abolish the income
tax?
Mr. SCHENCK. In the amended internal
tax bill, which is now a special order in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and which we expect to
reach after we get through the tariff, whenever
that may be, we shall propose amendments to
the laws relating to the income tax, and the
whole subject will be before the House. We
prefer to leave it to general legislation in that
bill, rather than interfere with it in this partial
way in which the Senate have sought to deal
with it.
Mr. WOOD. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
this is an appropriate time for the House to
take some action looking to the entire, total,
and absolute repeal of the income tax alto-
gether. I think, sir, if we desire to carry out
what is the universal public opinion of this
country, the sooner we get rid of this onerous
and unjust taxation the better. And therefore
I am in favor of any proposition that will tend
to accomplish the entire repeal of the tax, and
there will thea be no doubt whatever as to the
construction of the law.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman yield
tb me for.amoment?
Mr. SCHENCK. By and by. But I wish
to dispose of one at a time. I am not at all
surprised that the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] should use such wholesale and
sweeping assertions in regard to the income
tax, All Over the country, through the news-
papers, by letters, and by various other means
of operating upon the Committee of Ways and
Means, and perhaps upon Congress, there has
been an effort to make us believe that it is the
most atrocious, infamous, unequal, and unfair
law upon the statute-book.
Mr. WOOD. As it is.
Mr. SCHENCK. My own impression is
that the law does need some amendment in
regard to the domiciliary visitations and in
some other respects. But the gentleman per-
haps will be surprised when I say to him that
he sees the question from one stand point, as
the tax affects one quarter of the country; and
that notwithstanding all he has said about the
unanimity with which it is condemned, I am
satisfied that it is one of the most popular laws
throughout the country, which arc on the statute-
book. The income tax is paid by a little under
two hundred and seventy-four thousand people,
and everybody likes a tax which somebody
else paysi VYehave discovered that, at any
rate. I do not undertake to indicate what the
Committee of Ways and Means will propose
in their general bill on the subject of taxation;
but they will propose an amendment of the
existing law which will include several pro-
visions in modification of the law as to the
income tax.' But the question now before us
16, whether what was done by the House at
an early stage of the session shall stand, or
whether we shall aceept in place of it what
the Senate proposes by way of a substitute, or
whether we shall non-concur in what the Sen-
ate proposea and let the thing rest there, leav-
ing the Senate to take their own remedy? I
will only say further,that I am not instructed—
but on the contrary am otherwise instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means—to ask
for a committee of conference.
I do not propose to ask any committee of
conference, but to leave it to the Senate to ask
one if they want it. I propose simply to non-
concur in this partial legislation. And while
I am up I will state another objection to their
legislation. They have, among other things,
while letting the rest of the income tax go
been willing to continue the tax on salaries.
Now, of all the inequalities and all the oppres-
sions of an income tax, that which rebates to
salaries is among the most odious and unfair.
A poor clerk receiving SI,200, or $1,501), or
$1,800 a year, has $1,000 deducted, but live
per cent, taken from the balance, and thus
contributes his ten or twenty or forty dollars to
the support of tiie Government without the
benefit of any deduction for house rent, for bad
debts, for losses, for taxes, or anything else he
may have to pay. He may hold office only
two or three months, and he has deducted pro-
portionately for that time, though he may not
have received one cent during all the rest of
the year from any source. There are various
ways in which it operates unequally, and if the
income tax is to be continued, instead of select-
ing this to be continued while everything else
is dropped, the committee have thought that
salaries, if taken into account in future income
taxes, ought to be returned like other incomes
with the benefit of all the deductions that any '
other income has.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman to :
allow me to have a proposition read which I
send to the Clerk's desk. >
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection.
The Clerk read as follows :
J{e>olved, That the pending bill be referred back
to tho Committee of Ways and Mean i, with instruc-
tions to report a bill totally repealing the income
tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 do not give way for
that. ;
Mr. SARGENT. In answer to the propo-
sition of the chairman ot" the Committor of
Ways and Means, that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] looks at this bill from
the stand point of one part of the country ,
only, I ask to have read an article which I
hold in my hand from the Sacramento Union,
the leading Republican paper on the Pacific
coast, on this subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not tnean to be so
understood. I can show the gentleman five
hundred articles like it; and more than that,
I can show him in twenty different newspapers
articles that look as if they came from the
same hand. They are to be found in botli
Democratic and Republican papers all over
the country. There has been an attempt to
create the impression throughout the country
that this is an odious, atrocious, unfair, and
unequal tax.
Mr. SARGENT. There is no doubt that it
is exactly of that character, and the whole
country demands its repeal.
Mr. SCHENCK. That may be; but I have
not been led to that conclusion; I cannot yield
for any such proposition as that.
! Mr. KELLOGG. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Meafis if the
law does not expressly provide, in regard to
the income tax, that no tax: Shalt be Collected
after 1870? Is not that the express provision
of the law?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes.
Mr, KELLOGG. I desire to have a propo-
sition read ; and if the gentleman will not con-
sent to its adoption, I hope he will not insist
upon action on this question now.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield to have it
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
lietohed. That it is tho sense of this House that
there shonld be a reduction of taxation as speedily
as possible; and the income tax for tho year 187rt
should bo reduced to three por cent., with an exemp-
tion of not less than $2,000 from each persou's in-
come; and thattho tax on salaries be also repealed;
and no income tax bo collected after theyear 1370.
Mr. SCHENCK. Whenever the gentleman
can get the floor at the proper time I am per-
fectly willing that he shall refer that proposi-
tion to the Committee of Ways and Means.
It shall have tho most respectful considera-
