34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 22,
Ho. 03? Reps.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Lawrence..
41st Cong....2d Sess.
chief aod self-interest, which is the principal cause
of the unsettled state of public affairs in Georgia.
Democrats with him are as good for his selfish pur-
poses as Republicans, and he has found not a lew to
•yield to his patronage. Had it been the good portion
of Georgia to have a wise, honest, and just Executive
the General Government would not at this date be
troubled with reconstruction in Georgia or have
cause to complain of disloyalty in her boraers, and
you should not mistake contempt for Bullock for
dislike to the Federal Government.
Our best substantial men, includmgthose who have
uniformly been Union men and favor the congres-
sional reconstruction, who feel that Georgia is their
home and who love goodsociety.law, and order,.feel
that this is a critical time for their loved Georgia.
The Democratic papers in the interest of Bullock,
influenced by his patronage, areloud in their denun-
ciations of the fifteenth amendment ana bitterly
oppose the reseating of the expelled^ colored mem-
bers. When you reflect that Republicans aided this
expulsion, and that they and Bullock will secretly,
if not openly, opposo their being reseated by the
General Assembly in order that he may secure vio-
lent congressional action; and further, that Bullock
with his adherents defeated the fifteenth amendment
last winter, I cannot conceive how a Republican
Congress can sustain him.
Most respectfully, yours, jf. L. ANG-IEB,
Treasurer of Georgia.
Reconstruction of Georgia.
SPEECH OF HON. W. LAWRENCE,
op oiiio,
1st the House of Representatives,
December 22, 1869,
On the bill (S. No. 281) to promote the reconstruc-
tion of the State of Georgia.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Reconstruction I
agreed with the committee to recommend the
passage of the Senate bill now before the
House "to promote the reconstruction of the
State of Georgia," and I deem it proper very
briefly to state what it is and some of the
reasons which justify this measure.
It authorizes the Governor of Georgia by
proclamation to summon all persons elected to
the General Assembly to assemble at the cap-
ital of the State; it requires these persons when
assembled, unless relieved of political disability
by act of Congress, to take an oath that they
have never—
Hold the office or exercised the duties of a Sen-
ator or Representative in Congress, norbeen a mem-
ber of the Legislature of nny State of the United
States, nor held any civil office created by law for the
administration of any general law of a State or for
the administration of justice in any State or under
the laws of the United States, nor held any office in
the military or naval service of the United States,
and therealter engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or gave aid or comfort to
its enemies, or rendered, except in eonsequcnee of
direct physical force, any support or aid to any in-
surrection or rebellion against the United States, nor
held any office under or given any support to any
government of any kind organized or acting in hos-
tility to the United States or levying war against the
United States.
And the bill requires the General Assem-
bly to—
"proceed to perfect its organization in conformity
with the Constitution and laws."
I suppose there are but two questions of vital
importance to determine our duty in relation
to this measure; and they are, first, has Con-
gress the constitutional power to do what the
bill is designed to accomplish; and secondly,
if so, is it expedient to exercise the power in
the form proposed ?
To understand these questions some histor-
ical facts should be borne in mind.
Georgia was one of the States which at the
commencement of the great rebellion passed
an ordinance of secession, abolished the pre-
existing loyal State government, and organized
a rebel State government under the constitu-
tion of the so-called confederate States, which
continued its hostile attitude until the sup-
pression of the rebellion in 1865. In June,
1805, President Johnson appointed a provis-
ional governor; and without legal authority,
under presidential proclamation, during that
year a convention was held, a new State gov-
ernment was organized,with a Governor, Legis-
lature, and other officers, superseding the rebel
State government, and Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress were elected; the Sen-
ators being Herschel V. Johnson and the rebel
vice president, Alexander H. Stephens. The
Thirty-Ninth Congress refused to admit these
Senators or Representatives and denied the
validity of the new State government.
Then came the "reconstruction acts" of
March 2 and 23, and July 19, 1867, and of
March 11 and June 25, 1868, under which a
State Government was organized with a Gov-
ernor, Legislature, and other officers, all now
in office, and under which Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress have been elected.
This act of June 25, in a preamble, recites that
the people of Georgia in pursuance of the " re-
construction acts" had framed a constitution
republican in form, and declares that the
State—
"shall he admitted to representation in Congress
as a State of the Union—"
when the Legislature shall have " duly" rati-
fied the fourteenth article of amendments to
the Constitution. And it is provided that no
person disqualified from holding office by
virtue of section three of the fourteenth amend-
ment—
"shall be deemed eligible to any office in said
State."
This section disqualified a very small por-
tion of the leading rebels from the right to hold
office. The constitution of the State, as its own
supreme court has decided, secured to citizens,
without distinction on account of color, the
right to hold office, including the office of sen
ator and representative in the General Assem-
bly of the State.
The Legislature met and permitted from
thirty to forty members in the two houses to
occupy seats who were disqualified from hold-
ing office by the fourteenth amendment. The
Legislature thus constituted in July, 1868, rat-
ified the fourteenth amendment and elected
United States Senators.
In September, 1868, twenty-eight colored
members of the Legislature, of whom two were
senators and twenty-six representatives in the
General Assembly, were unlawfully expelled
under the false pretense that colored citizens
could not constitutionally hold office, and the
opposing candidates, some of them ineligible
and none having received a majority of the
votes of the electors, were admitted to seats in
place of the lawful members unlawfully ex-
pelled.
On the 25th July, 1868, this House admitted
into the Fortieth Congress Representatives from
Georgia. On the 25th January, 1869, the
Senate Judiciary Committee reported against
the admission of Senators on the ground that
the State was not lawfully reconstructed in pur-
suance of the reconstruction acts, and the Sen-
ators were refused admission. (Senate Rep.
Com. No. 192, 40th Cong. 3d Sess.)
Neither Senators nor Representatives have
been admitted into this Forty-First Congress.
Now, it is perfectly apparent that the Legis-
lature is composed in part of late rebels ineli-
gible to sit as members, and that a large number
of loyal colored citizens are entitled to seats
who are excluded and whose places are filled
by men having no right to them ; that United
States Senators were elected by a Legislature
illegally constituted, and the choice doubtless
decided by members having no right to vote ;
that the fourteenth amendment was ratified by
a Legislature composed in part of ineligible
persons, and that the same Legislature is again
to meet in January to enact laws for the future
government of the State and to dispose of the
interests of its citizens.
Fraud, outrage, wrong, disregard of the Con-
stitution of the United States and of Georgia,
of the acts of Congress, of the rights of citizens,
all must go unreproved and receive the sanction
of acquiescence unless this Congress shall have
the courage to rebuke and correct them. Nay,
more; if these wrongs shall go unredressed
the future will be prolific of similar results,
not only in Georgia, but in every rebel State,
and the rights, the privileges, the liberties of
more than half the population—the loyal freed-
menand the "loyal whitemen—will besacrificed
for generations to come, if not forever. If we
permit this, having the power to prevent it,
we would be recreant to humanity, to justice,
to duty, to our country, and to God. We have
the power, and it is our duty, to pass this bill;
to drive out of the Legislature of Georgia the
rebels whose presence defies the Constitution,
to remove from place the men who fill legislative
seats in violation of the expressed will of the
voters they claim to represent, and to restore
to power the loyal colored men who have been
so unjustly and unlawfully expelled. And
now, has Congress the constitutional power to
complete the reconstruction and restoration
of Georgia ?
After the ample discussions in Congress,
among the people, and in the courts on the
great question of reconstruction but little re-
mains to be said. But a few words may be
proper.
A State of this Union in its complete sense
comprehends a territorial extent of country
with defined boundaries, a population capable
of government, and an organized government
in operation republican in form and in effect.
The three elements of land, people, and the
corporate State are all essential to the com-
plete State, though for many purposes each is
or may be called and deemed a State.
Now, the loyal and lawful State government
of 1860, the corporate State, was overthrown,
destroyed by the rebel State government that
succeeded it. This rebel corporate State had
a constitution requiring every officer under it
to take an oath to support the rebel national
constitution. This corporate State was not a
State in or of our Union. It was as foreign
and more hostile than if it had been organ-
ized under Victoria or Napoleon III. It was
organized rebellion; and an organized rebellion
cannot be a State of the Union, no more than
Jefferson Davis's organized rebel national gov-
ernment was a de facto national Government
of the Union. It was not even a de facto cor-
porate State of the Union. A de facto State
of the Union is one not in ail respects legal,
but occupying the place of and seeking to do
what a lawful State of the Union might do. It
was ausurpation, unconstitutional, illegal,void.
I do not now inquire how far its acts not in
aid of rebellion shall, ex necessitate, be deemed
valid. {Texas vs. White, Supplement 25; Texas
Reports, per Chase, 608.)
The loyal State government of 1860 did not
secede. It neither went out of the Union nor
stayed in; it ceased to exist; it was overturned,
supplanted; it was and is nowhere. No law,
no constitution provided for its resurrection.
No officer existed or had power to set it up
or put it in motion. Its restoration, in the
language of Chief Justice Chase, "was ob-
viously impossible." (25 Texas R., Sup.,604.)
At the close of actual hostilities in 1865 the
rebel State government was overthrown. On
the 3d of May, 18G5, the rebel governor, Jos-
eph E. Brown, issued a proclamation calling
a meeting of the rebel Legislature for the22d.
But on the 14th of May Major General Gil-
more, by authority of the United States, issued
an order annulling this proclamation, and the
members of the Legislature were not permitted
to assemble. On the 17th of June the President
appointed James Johnson provisional gov-
ernor, and the whole existing rebel government
was overthrown and its officers superseded.
It may be properly said of the rebel State
government, in the language of Chief Justice
