3880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
of dissolving radicalism, and mixed and lost in
their own ruin, as the mountain mist when
suddenly swept away by the fiercest wind.
Bat I do not wish here to attack either of
these amendments or the men who passed
them, but rather to confess them in all that is
claimed for them, and from that position to
declare that the Chinaman has all the protec-
tion the laws can give. I can assure gentle-
men that Chinamen will always receive all
the protection that just lawsmay give. Unjust
laws I hope will not be passed. Laws for the
enfranchisement of 'the Chinese would be so
manifestly unjust to the white citizens of the
Pacific coast that I know it would not bedone
if the question could be stripped of all partisan
bearing. But how can that be done? Cer-
tainly not by men of my party, for we threaten
nothing, and only ask that the great wrong
contemplated may not bs accomplished. The
men who threaten to pour out this vessel of
plagues upon us can and ought to save us from
the impending ruin with which they now men-
ace the country.
Gentlemen ordinarily fair and newspapers
of character have repeatedly said if they were
driven in defense of their party to Chinese suf-
frage that Chinese suffrage must be had. These
men and these newspapers would sell their
country and their principles for party success.
I hope there are no such men in Congress. I
know there cannot be many. When the ne-
groes of the South were made voters the plea
was put in for them that they were citizens,
and that they needed that privilege for self-
protection. I do not propose to argue that
question now, but simply to call attention to
it for the purpose of saying thai no such plea
can be made for the Chinaman.
The negro population of the country held
quite a different position from that occupied
by the Chinese. The rights of the negroes
under the new order of tilings I do not hope
to alter or change further than we may in a
peaceful, judicial manner. I would not plunge
my country into another civil war even it' I
could strip the negro of his new privileges by
doing so. Negro suffrage is degrading enough,
it is true, and is dangerous enough to civil
liberty, but anothpr civil war such as would
result from an attempt to strike clown these
amendments would be a calamity from which
our country would never recover. So our ef-
forts, I hope, will bo confined to the courts and
to peaceful agitation before the people, who
have a right to determine all govern mental ques-
tions as to them may seem "fit. If all males
over the age of twenty one years were voted
to-morrow in California the Chinese would, I
suppose, cast fully four ninths of the whole;
and, at the present rate of immigration, would
in two years largely outnumber the whites.
Is it not easy to see ruin in such result? Can
anything short of absolute ruin to our country
result from this state of things?
The threat constantly made that if Demo-
crats do not cease to agitate this question to
the detriment of the Republican party, in self-
defense that party will grant the Chinaman
the right to vote, is simply the frothings of
men who would do „t onee what they pretend
they may have to do in self-defense. But it is
hardly possible that the Republican party in
Congress can so far forget the interests of the
people and their own record as statesmen as
to deliberately sell out their country to the
hordes of Asiatic pagans now gathering on our
western coast, like the lice and locusts with
which Egypt was plagued, solely for votes to
be used against their own country. Republic-
ans pretend to be proud of their party record,
and say they carried our country safely through
its season of dire calamities, of war, carnage,
and blood, i hat the nation might live and lib-
erty be perpetuated to our people. Let us
trust the lie shall be given to this self lauda-
tion by the enemies ot that party, if ever given
at all. If 1 he record of that party is one to be
proud of, to boast ot^ then I hope that record
will not be sullied by an act of injustice which
would net end short of the entire ruin of our
Pacific States. A party which has accom-
plished so much, for good or evil, in so short a
time, cannot afford out of petty political spite
to bring ruin upon the fairest portion of our land.
I return for a moment to the fourteenth and
fifteenth amendments to say I yield, as I must,
to negro suffrage, centralization, and the des-
potism of the times. This I do because resist-
ance is worse than folly, except in the peace-
ful manner I have indicated, and because des-
potic Governments like ours always oppress
the people less in times of peace than in times
of commotion, riots, and war.
Then there is this other good reason for sub-
mission. We know that among a proud-spir-
ited people like ours every display of passion,
anger, partisan feelings, or even earnest and
honest determination, begets and provokes an
opposition which will rise or fall as these feel-
ings are manifested. This being true, it is not
good statesmanship for us to provoke our own
ruin by exciting a bitter partisan war against
every interest of our country, and against the
liberties of the people. I am disposed to take
a lesson from the allegorical story of Hercules
bringing the triple-headed Cerberus, the watch-
dog of the infernal regions, up to light. It is
said that although the monster was chained
fast, the froth and foam from his mouth took
shape in the earth and brought forth the vege-
table bearing his name, the most deadly poi-
son known among men. I would not goad a
monster to madness, for his ravings may bring
poison and pestilence.
I am not ashamed to cry for quarter when I
am vanquished. These amendments are de-
clared by a power ready and able to maintain
them, at present at least, to be a part of the
supreme law. of the land. To this power I
bow in submission, and for the people beg that
no other wrongs may be done them. All the
people of all parties look upon Congress with
jealousy and with suspicion, while nearly one
half the people believe Congress to be in
deadly hostility to their interest, and that indi-
vidual members are often moved by the basest
and most degrading of human passions to attack
that portion of the people who believe in the
sacred principles of the Democratic party.
Would it not be as well for individual mem-
bers to make some attempt to show themselves
the friends of the people, friends of the coun-
try? It is believed that some gentlemen here
represent districts in States upon which they
are making unceasing war. It would not be
improper, in my mind, for gentlemen to try
and disprove this charge by showing a little
friendship at, least for the people they pretend
to represent. What decided advantage would
it be to any portion of the country to make
citizens of the Chinese? No gentleman can
name a single advantage that would result
from Chinese citizenship, while every one can
see a multitude of evils that might result from
it, some of which would be inevitable.
But aside from the question of citizenship,
we do not want the Chinese in our country.
Some contend that ours is a free country and
an asylum for the oppressed of all nations,
and the Chinaman being a human being, he
should be as free to come as any other; that
he is a man and a brother, &c.; that he should
be as free to work our mines and take our
public domain as any other people. These
things are claimed for him not only as being
just, but as being his right. Do notour mines
of precious metals and our public domain be-
long to us, the American people? If so, the
brotherhood doctrine would make us divide
all our property with the Chinaman ; for the
same reasons that would make us divide our
mines and lands and rights would make us
divide everything else we have.
California labor yields a larger profit than any
other country in the world, yet white men can-
not find any constant employ ment in that State.
The Chinese have driven them little by little
from every avenue of industry, until to-day, in
their sufferings for bread, they are arousing pub-
lic attention to their miseries in loud clamors
for labor or for food. The Chinese havo driven
the white woman from the wash-tub, from the
sewing-machine, from the kitchen, and from the
position of family and hotel domestics. He
has driven white men from the fields, from
the mines, from the factories, from the shoe-
maker's tench, from the harness shop, has
displaced him as a cigar-maker, and in fact
has displaced him everywhere, to more or less
extent, where capital can rule or a saving be
made.
And so it must be as long as these hordes
infest our country. It is not likely that I over-
state the number when I say there are now
eighty thousand Chinese employed in the State
of California alone, and still they come. If
this number could suddenly be sent back to
China, which of course cannot be done, their
places would be filled by white men and white
women, and again, as once we were, we should
be the most prosperous people on earth. The
Chinese earn, at their low wages, not less than
560,000 per day, a sum lost to our country for-
ever. Suppose this sum could be distributed
every evening among the white men of Cali-
fornia, would not misery and want flee from
the State as darkness before light? It is said
that labor is wealth; so it is. Then why de-
prive our own people of the wealth with which
God has blessed them to give that wealth
to the degraded pagan hordes ? The system is
one of robbery—robbing our own people to
give to the Chinese, because the robber gets a
commission for his crime, a commission in
the way of extra profit on Chinese labor.
One of the chief objections to slavery was
that it tended to degrade white labor that was
brought into competition with it. Chinese labor
is much more degraded than our slave labor
was; the laborer is a more degraded being and
his labor is cheaper. The workingmen of the
North will find this out soon enough, but it will
then, perhaps, be too late for them to regain
their lost ground. They will find it out when the
cupidity and avarice of the times have caused the
Chinese to take possession of the workshop, the
factory, and the farm, and driven them out to
starve. True slave labor was not voluntarily
performed, and Chinese labor in some cases
may be. But the employing of all the Chinese
who may comewillcoerce, reduce, and degrade
more white men than there were blacks in
slavery.
_ Would it not be well to pay a little atten-
tion to the preservation of that elevated labor
which used to be the great hobby of statesmen,
demagogues, and political sharpers, very many
of whom knew nothing of what they wrote and
spoke, and cared as little as they knew? If
this bill does not arouse the people to a sense
of danger, if they do not see that the party
perpetrating this wrong is making war against
their liberties, then they ought to be slaves, as
they will be slaves.
Mr. KERR. I yield the balance of my time
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stiles.]
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, I regard this
as the most important bill, one more affecting
the whole people of this country than any bill
that has been submitted to this Congress.
Never before was such a proposition submitted
to the legislative department of the Govern-
ment. This minority has struggled for a brief
time in which to discuss it and present to the
country its monstrous provisions. Never be-
fore did the Radical party venture upon so
bold an act to subvert the rights of the States
and trample down the powers reserved to the
States and the people. We must regard it as
the first attempt by this Congress to absorb all
that is left to us of State governments, State
supremacy, and State laws. In its wake other
laws will follow, and slowly, yet steadily, surely,
and inevitably, every inalienable right will be
swallowed up in the centralized power to be
