1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4825
Mr. DAVIS. I will propose an amendment,
and I offer it in the form of an additional sec-
tion; but still the matter of it might be attached
to a section of the bill reported by the commit-
tee:
And be it further enacted. That in all eases where
the inventor or discoverer of any principle or im-
provement which the law allows to be patented, and
bctore the same shall have been patented, or while
the application for a renewal of the patent thereof
shallbe pending, may, by writingor parol, sell, assign,
or transfer his right, or any part of his right, either
absolutely or contingently, directly or indirectly, to
any officer or employe in the Patent Bureau, and in
all cases where the assignee of any principle or im-
provement, before the same shall have been patented
or daring the pendency of an application lor the
renewal of a patent, shall sell, assign, or transfer his-
interest or any part of it in any such principle or
improvement absolutely or contingently by writingor
parol to any officer oremployfi in the Patent Bureau,
such interest so sold, assigned, or transferred shall
thereupon become and be forfeited, and every person
whatever shall have full and perfect right to use
and appropriate such principle or improvement to
the extent that the same may have been so assigned
and transferred.
Mr. President, the Patent Bureau is one of
the most remarkable features of our country.
The extent and variety and value of the pro-
ducts of the inventive genius of our country-
men are marvelous. It has become a vast
national interest, and it ought to be well
guarded and protected. There is no part of
the public service that offers more inducement
to fraud and to foul play, and more opportuni-
tiesfor its practice, than the Patent Office does;
and one of the most frequent, and, indeed,
common sources of abuse of power in that
office has been that the Commissioner himself,
and the examiners and assistant examiners,
and other empioy6s in the bureau, have become
interested in alleged discoveries and improve-
ments before they were patented, and had taken
an interest in them, and also they have taken a
similar interest when there were applications
made for a renewal of patents.
What has been tlie consequence? Ofcourse,
that the Commissioner of Patents would always
direct a patent to be issued in conformity to
his interests; that the examiners and assistant
examiners, whose duty and business it was to
examine such improvements or claimed im-
provements and discoveries, would, where they
were interested, always make recommenda-
tions for patents in conformity to their inter-
est. This has been a frequent source of abuse
and of corruption in the Patent Office down to
the present day, and, I suppose, throughout all
its history.
There is a provision in the bill reported by
the committee making it illegal for any em-
ploye in the Patent Office to take an interest
in a patent; but that is simply a prohibition.
There is no penalty attached to it, and, espe-
cially, there is no provision provided for its
execution.
Now, the way to have such prohibitory laws
executed is to give to every man whose busi-
ness or pursuits lead him in the direction of
these improvements and discoveries that are
sought to be patented, the privilege of appro-
priating and using the patent wherever it has
been the subject of sale or transfer, either in
whole or in part, from the original inventor or
from the assignee of the original inventor to
any employe of the Patent Office. This amend-
ment does make it void, because it says it shall
become forfeited to the public, and that every
person shall have free and perfect liberty to
appropriate and to use it.
My friend from Delaware [Mr. Bayaiid] has
referred me to the sixteenth section of the bilk
and to some words which he contemplates
inserting.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 think the amendment pre-
pared by the Senator from Delaware will cover
the ground.
Mr. DAVIS. He proposes to make the sec-
tion read:
An-l br it fiwth'/■ wrtcfe'J, That all officers and em-
plnyes nf the Patent (Hlic.-.-hall be incapable, durinc:
titc'peiiod they shall hold their appointments, tu
aequne or obtMil, dueetiy or indirectly, except by
lube) nance or be^ue^t, any eight or microst in any
patent issued by said office; and any right or interest
sold or assigned in violation of this section shall be
absolutely forfeited.
That, I think, meets my objection in fewer
words, and quite as comprehensively.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire whether the sec-
tion just read applies to the extension of pat-
ents ?
Mr. BAYARD. It covers any interest.
Mr. WILLEY. "Any right or any .interest
in any patent."
Mr. DAVIS. I think it is sufficiently com-
prehensive. I am willing to accept the modi-
fication.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kentucky withdraw his amend-
ment?
Mr. DAVIS. I do, that this may be offered ;
but while I am up I would say one other
word in relation to this cause of misconduct in
the Patent Office. If possible, these applica-
tions ought to be heard and decided in the
order in which they are presented. I know
that it is a frequent occurrence that applica-
tions of recent date are heard and decided be-
fore those of a much older date. That is an
abuse; and it is an abuse that gives rise to
much fraud and much injury to the earlier dis-
coverer. I think that the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Patents ought to intro-
duce some effective provision which would
secure that applications for patents should be
heard rigidly in the order in which they are
presented ; in other words, let the miller's rule
prevail—let him who comes first be served first.
If that rule is not observed in every case, it
may be disregarded in one instance whereby a
subsequent discoverer of the same principle
may be made to supersede the prior one.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the bill
by adding to section sixteen these words :
And any right or interest in any patent sold or
assigned in violation of this section shall be abso-
lutely forfeited.
Mr. WILLEY. That modification will be
satisfactory.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not see any advantage
in the amendment. The section itself provides
that they shall not take or hold any interest.
They cannot hold any interest in the article
itself. A simple declaration, therefore, that it
shall be forfeited 1 do not think adds anything
whatever to the strength of the section.
Mr. WILLED. It does not hurt.
Mr. FOWLER. It does not do any good.
Mr. DAVIS. It does a vast amount of good.
It is the whole force of the provision. The
forfeiture and the right that is vested in society at
large put all society on the hunt of such eases.
Mr. FOWLER. I admit that the motive is
correct: but as 1 interpret the section as it
stands, no right can be acquired by such a
transfer. Then of course it is of no value what-
ever to attempt to acquire any interest. It is
forfeited without the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. How could it be known that
there had been a transfer? It would first have
to be known to produce the forfeiture. The
men who want to use it are led&to be vigilant
and to search for cases of suclr transfers by
this provision.
Mr. STOCKTON. If I could agree with the
chairman of the committee that this addition
to the section did no harm I should be per-
fectly willing to vote for it; but I desire to
submit, with great respect to him, whether it
does not do harm. 1 ask him whether the law
is not now that any patent obtained by fraud
is void ; whether fraud cannot be pleaded ;
whether, if you prove that a man has given
money to the Commissioner to get his patent,
that patent cannot be infringed upon without
violating any law'! By this amendment you do
not avoid that patent; you simply avoid the
interest which has b-.en given to these indi-
viduals; so that, so far from putting further
checks upon it, you remove checks that exist
now by the law of the land. 1 merely suggest
i it to the chairman.
Mr. DAVIS. Neither my friend from New
Jersey nor my friend from Tennessee appre-
hends as I do the reason and the value of this
provisiofl. How can you establish a forfeiture
until you have established the fraud, until you
have established the transfer? The whole for-
feiture is based upon the'fact of transfer. How
can you know of a transfer? You can only
know it by the inquiry and by the vigilance
of the self-interest of men who desire to use
the invention; and all of their alertness and
acumen of intellect will beput to work to dis-
cover cases of transfers of interest in violation
of this law. In that way you lay the basis for
the application of the act where a forfeiture
is declared in the law.
Mr. STOCKTON. It seems to me that this is
the very case which the legal proceedings in pat-
ent suits are intended to reach. The courts can
purge the consciences of all parties connected
with it, and bring before them the whole evi-
dence of the secret engagements that have been
made. That is done in nearly all patent causes
that are tried, where the question of the pro-
priety of the means by which the "patent was
obtained depends upon questions of this kind.
It is precisely like every other case of the kind;
there may be difficulty in getting testimony
but through the process of a court of equity
you can get that testimony if it is obtainable
now ; and if it is not obtainable, if the testi-
mony cannot be got, what good will this addi-
tion do? If you cannot prove the fact, this
objection will do no good. So it seems to me
that the Senator from Kentucky, with all.re-
spect to his judgment, has not answered the
suggestion i made.
Mr. THURMAN. I think if my friend from
Kentucky will give me his attention for a mo-
ment I shall be able to satisfy him that the
amendment which he suggests ought not to be
put on this section. Let us see what the sec-
tion is:
That all officers and employes of the Patent Office
shall be incapable, during the period for which they
shall hold their appointments, to acquire or take,
directly or indirectly, oxeej>t by inheritance or be-
quest, any right or interest in any patent issued by
said office.
They are incapable of taking, except by in-
heritance or bequest, any interest or right what-
soever in any patent; so that it is impossible
to vest any such right in them. If the holder
of the patent makes an assignment of tbe pat-
ent, either entire or pro tanto, to an officer or
employ6 of the Patent Office, the assignment
is necessarily absolutely void, because the
assignee is incapable of taking it. That being
the case, you propose to add to that,'that_ the
thing assigned shail be forfeited. Forfeited,
why? Forfeited to whom? The assignor has
not parted with it because the assignee is inca-
pable of taking it, and nothing has passed from
the assignor. Then, why shall you forfeit it?
Shall you forfeit it as a punishment upon the
assignor? Suppose that to be the ease, to
whom is it to be forfeited?
Mr. DAVIS. To anybody.
Mr. THURMAN. Forfeited to the public.
Then, if a man assigns one fourth interest in a
patent right to somebody who is an employ 6
of the Patent Office, that one fourth interest
cannot pass to the assignee, because he is inca-
pable ot taking it; and it is to be forfeited to
the United States, says one gentleman. Then
the United States is to go into partnership with
the private individual holding that patent right.
Mr. BAYARD." It is a mere cessation of the
power to use.
Mr. THURMAN. There is the right to hold
three fourths of it still belonging to the indi-
vidual. Three fourths of it is not tainted by
any such assignment. Besides, ought there to
be a forfeiture by the assignor ? Let us see.
He may assign in perfect ignorance that the
assignee is an employ!} of the Patent OOice;
he may know nothing of it; there may be no
guilty motive in his mind in making the assign-
ment; and yet tiie bare fact that the man ts an
officer-or civ;ploy6 of the Patent Office renders
