1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3881
controlled by Congress, the Army and Navy,
Mid the Executive.
This bill contains twenty-three sections, cov-
ering nineteen pages. It purports to be " An
act to enforce the right of citizens of the Uni-
ted States to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes." Ostensibly
it is an act to enforce the fifteenth amendment.
In its scope, meaning, design, and intent it
reaches far beyond any such object. The ob-
ject of its supporters is to overthrow the rights
of the States, control by force and fraud the
elections, to strike down t.he popular will, to
blot out with one dash the whole system of
free elections, now the protection, the safe-
guard of the people whose rights are about to
be stricken down by their Representatives.
You are about to pass a bill which you
believe gives you the right, the absolute power,
to control every election—general, local, and
special—in all the States and Territories. You
give the power to the United States officers,
consisting of marshals, commissioners, and
Others, to arrest supposed offenders and to
cause them to be prosecuted and punished in
a multitude of forms hitherto unknown to the
people. It creates hordes of new officers ; it
places in the hands of commissioners and
Others the Army and Navy, to enforce the
judgments and decrees of political organiza-
tions ; it places in the hands of the President
the whole land and naval forces to aid in this
attempt to carry elections everywhere ; it trans-
fers the trials for pretended offenses to the
United States courts; it drags citizens from
home and friends to be tried at such place as
the' satrap may designate, rendering the trial a
farce and a fraud.
Irresponsible Radical Government officers
are to be the accusers and the witnesses.
Partisan judges and packed juries are to be
the arbiters. The laws are changed in a mo-
ment.. The forms of lav/ regulating elections
to which we are accustomed are changed.
Under the guise and pretense of giving pro-
tection to the newly-enfranchised race, the
negro, you strike at the very ioundation of
free government. You pretend to give a free
ballot to the negro voter, and in this effort vir-
tually manacle and enslave every white voter
in the land. You would give superior rights
to the negro. You make his pathway to the
ballot easy, while the white man must seek his
right to it through lines of bayoneted soldiers.
This is not law to enforce the fifteenth amend-
ment. It does not purport to be. It is the
entering-wedge to the new order of things.
I impress upon the people everywhere to
read this bill and study its monstrous provis-
ions. I entreat them to look to it now that
these wrongs shall go no further. I enter my
protest here in my place against this and other
kindred bills, because it violates every princi-
ple of free government, because it strikes down
the sovereignty of the States, because it strikes
a fatal blow at State rights, State laws, and the
freedom of the ballot. I protest against it in
thenameof every white man, woman, and child
that I represent upon this floor. I raise my
voice and shall cast ray vote againsi this tyran-
nical and revolutionary measure. I protest
against this outrage in the name of every white
voter in this county. 1 protest against it
because I am opposed to making the negro
superior in rights to the white man. I protest
against it because you are seeking to elevate
the negro at the expense of the white man's
rights in this Government. I protest against it
because I am in favor of a white man's Govern-
ment upon this continent, and utterly opposed
to forcing upon an unwilling people negro suf-
frage, negro equality, and negro supremacy
by force, by fraud, and the corruptinginfluences
by which your amendments and your laws have
been forced upon this people.
This law will disgrace your statute-book.
Sir, the time will come when its repeal will
be demanded by the united voice of an out-
raged people. You presume upon your major-
ity and your power here. During your session
the people of two States have spoken in con-
demnation of your proceedings. The voice from
Connecticut and New York have reached the
country and this Capitol. In New York your
negro vote was condemned by white freemen.
The handwriting is on the wall, and as time
passes you will find the people rising to con-
demn you. You seek by this legislation to
perpetuate your power; but, sir, remember he
who asks too much may get none. The weak-
ness of your administration, the corruptions
in the different Departments of the' Govern-
ment, the unjust, unconstitutional legislation
of this Congress, will surely meet the condem-
nation of a just, patriotic, and liberty-loving
nation and people.
Mr. COX addressed the House. [Ilisremarks
will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield twenty-five
minutes of my remaining time to my colleague
on the conference committee from New York,
[Mr. Davis.]
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I hope to occupy
much less time than twenty-five minutes in
what little I have to say upon the bill. I have
been surprised, in listening to the arguments
upon the other side, not to have heard from
some gentleman the assertion that this bill
interferes in the slightest degree to prevent any
human being from doing any act that he has a
right to do. On the contrary, I assert that under
the provisions of this bill no act is prohibited
that any man upon this floor dare assert to be a
lawful or rightful act. I assert also that this
bill interferes in no degree with the rightful
action of any person in the exercise of any priv-
ilege that the Constitution or laws of the land
confer upon him. It simply prohibits crime.
It undertakes to preserve the rights of men,
and to infringe upon the rights of no man.
I should be glad if any gentleman upon the
other side could point out to me one single act,
which he as a citizen of this country has a right
to perform that this bill inhibits at his hands.
No, Mr. Speaker, it is a bill to conserve the
rights of all; and I now say to my Democratic
friends on the other side of the House, if they
desire to preserve to themselves and their con-
stituents all the rights guarantied by the Con-
stitution and laws of the land, all they have to
do is to refrain from doing the things prohib-
ited by this lav/. Omit to do wrong, which
you, gentlemen, must concede to be wrongful
acts to your neighbors and upon your neigh-
bors' rights, and this law will do you no harm.
Tell your constituents to treat with justice and
fairness every man in your districts, allow each
man to exercise the rights that you claim for
yourselves, and there never will be no occasion
for any man to complain of any provision of
the law now before you. It is because gentle-
men desire to possess the power to violate the
rights of others that they are hostile to this bill.
Whoever is willing that others shall enjoy the
rights which he himself claims can find nothing
iii-thc principles of this bill or in its injunctions
which he can justly condemn.
What does this bill seek to do, Mr. Speaker?
It has within its scope three important objects
to enforce the provisions, or one provision, of
the fourteenth article of amendments.
Another object is to enforce the provisions
-of the fifteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution ; and still another object is to con-
serve the integrity and purity of the election
of the members of this House. Now, if it be
conceded that the things which are inhibited by
this bill are wrong, m that point of view it
becomes a mere question of the power on the
part of Congress to prevent those wrongs.
Sir, it is true, as has been asserted by gen-
tlemen upon the other side, that heretofore in
the history of this country it has not been
necessary for Congress to interfere for the pur-
pose of preserving the purity of the election
of members of this House. But has not that
time now arrived 1 I put it to you gentlemen
as a question of fact: have you not on more
than one occasion since this body has been in
session seen the most conclusive evidence that
the election of members of this body is, often
neither just nor fair nor consistent with the
laws of the States in which those elections
have been held? In my own State we have
had it proved, in at least one ease, that the
elections were conducted in violation of law.
And in the cases that have come before us
from the southern States we have seen,
over and over again, that those elections have
been conducted by trampling under foot the
rights of citizens who were entitled to vote.
If such be the fact, I say it is time that Con-
gress, if it be clothed with the power, should
interfere to preserve the purity of the election
of its own members.
We have the power. While the Constitution
of the United States primarily concedes to the
States the power to regulate the time and man-
ner and place of the election of members of
this body, yet it reserves full power over these
subjects to be exercised by Congress whenever
the exigency shall arise that demands such
exercise. I believe that exigency has come
upon us. No man regrets it more than I do;
but I am firmly convinced that the hour in the
history of our country has come when mem-
bers of this body cannot be elected fairly and
according to the will of those entitled to exer-
cise the right of suffrage unless Congress inter-
venes and exercises that dormant power that
has so long existed, but which has never yet
been exercised".
This much is all that I desire to say upon
that particular proposition. For the purpose
of conserving the purity of the election of mem-
bers of this body we do enter into the States
by this bill, by declaring pains and penalties
against those who violate the laws relatively to
elections. In no other manner docs this bill
attempt to interfere with elections in the States.
This bill declares that certain acts shall bo
crimes, and it brings those acts within the forum
of the Federal courts, and seeks to raise them
above that class of courts to which my colleague
[Mr. Cox] referred a few moments ago. Sir,
in some portions of my own State it would be
as impossible to convict a man for the crime
of violating the laws in the election of mem-
bers of this House as it would be to transfer
my colleague to heaven without repentance.
[Laughter.]
What else is sought to be done by this
bill? It is sought to enforce the provisions
of the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution. The Constitution as amended
by the ratification of the fourteenth article of
amendments declares that no person shall- be
entitled to hold office who by his own conduct
has subjected himself to the operation of cer-
tain provisions of the Constitution.
The simple question is as to the power of
Congress to intervene for the enforcement of
those provisions of the Constitution by pro-
viding for the punishment of such persons who
may undertake to hold any office and exercise
its powers. The Constitution provides that,
evesy officer of the United States shall boa
citizen of the United States. Hay not Con-
gress enact a law making it a penal offense for
a foreigner, in violation of that provision of
the Constitution, to usurp an office under it and
to attempt to exercise its powers and duties?
And may we not, upon the same principle,
enforce the provisions of the fourteenth artiele
of amendments to the Constitution? This bill
declares that any person prohibited by the
provisions of that article of amendments from
entering upon the exercise of the duties of an
office shall be deemed guilty of a crime if he
shall undertake so to do. , How can we pro-
hibit a man whom the Constitution inhibits
from taking office except by a law making it a
penal offense? You can imagine no other mode
of excluding that class of men from office.
