1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2937
tion. It ia on# of a hundred plana that wo have
before us.
Mr. KELLOGG. If the gentleman will con-
sent we will test the sense ot the House ou it
now.
Mr. SCHENCK. No; I am not going to
yield /or anything of the kind until this matter
is disposed of.
Mr. COX. Allow me one word.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield first to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Coiaom.]
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to offer the amend-
ment which I send to the Clerk a desk to be
read.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will hear what it is.
The Clerk read as follows:
That from and after the 1st day of May, 1ST0,
there shall be collected a tax at the rate of iivo per
cent, on incomes, :uiil there slull be au exemption
of JiMH) instead of $1,000, as by existing law.
Mr. CULL03T. I hope the gentleman will
allow that to he voted on.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio admit that amendment?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I only wish to
ocotipy the floor a little myself now to return
thanks to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Cruoxi] alro for his suggestion.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to test the sense of the House on my
proposition.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield to any one
just now. 1 want a thread of argument nyrself
to string all these onions together. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SARGENT. I only want to know if
he will allow the sense of the House to be
tested on my proposition.
Mr. SCHENCK. Gentlemen may all resolve
themselves into points of interrogation before
I am through if there is time; but I must have
time now to complete my answer to one before
I yield to another.
Now, bo far aa the suggestion of my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Cvllom] ia concerned, I
wish to say that we have before us and have
been considering propositions to reduce the
percentage of tax on incomes to three percent.;
propositions to raise the amount of exemp-
tion both with and without any reduction of
percentage, and propositions to abolish the
income tax altogether, and in due lime we
shall report to this House the result of our
conclusions in the shape of an amendment to
the general bill in relation to internal taxes,
to be considered after we shall have got through
with the present special order, the tariff bill;
but it is not a question now before the House.
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Kel-
logg] has said that the present law in relation
to the tax on incomes does not provide for col-
lecting the income tax after the year 1870. The
gentleman might have gone further, and would
then have only been repeating what I have
already said to the House, that while there
is no machinery for collecting the tax after
1870, yet a fair construction of the law seems
to imply that the law-making power intended
that the tax should be levied upon incomes of
the year 1870. The truth is the machinery for
collecting the income tax is applied to the year
following, and does not operate until the spring
following the year for which the tax is to be
collected. And herein is the difficulty in the
law. So far as you caa gather from the obscur-
ity of the law what is intended—and I beg
leave to say that it was enacted before the
present Committee of Ways and Means was
organized—it seems to have been the inten-
tion that the income tax should be assessed
and levied for the year 1870; but there is no
machinery provided for doing it. It was to
meet that condition of things that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means reported and the
House passed the joint resolution on the sub-
ject which was sent to the Senate. As I have
before explained, the Senate sent it back to us,
having struck out the House proposition en-
tirely and substituted for it a proposition in <
relation to a tax on salaries and two or three
other things, but which is entirely silent as to
everything else. We thiuk that partial legis-
lation of that kind is worse and more unjust
than no legislation at all.
Mr. WOOD. So it is.
Mr. SCHENCK. We therefore recommend
a non-concurrence in the amendment of the
Senate, proposing to let the matter rest there,
unless the Senate shall choose to take some
further action.
Mr. COX. I would ask the gentleman what
would be the effect of a motion to lay this
whole subject on the table, if it should be
agreed to? Would it not have this effect: to
kill the income tax entirely? And would it
not be best for the instruction of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, if they are not already
sufficiently instructed about the public opinion
upon this subject, to make that motion? And
1 would respectfully suggest to. the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, if he
wants to ascertain the opinion of the House,
to allow me to make that motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman, with his
parliamentary experience, ought to be able to
answer that question himself, without inquiring
of me about it. Such a motion, if carried,
would not alfect the income tax in any way.
It would leave the law just as it now is, with
all its uncertainty, all its ambiguity, and every-
thing else that is now causing difficulty and
trouble. It would kill this joint resolution, it
would kill this attempt to amend or interpret
the law, or to pass declaratory legislation in
regard to the income tax. Of course in no other
way could it affect the present existing law,
whatever it is.
Mr. COX. Well, I Bhall make that motion
whatever may be the effect of it.
Mr. SCHENCK. When the gentleman gets
the floor he will have the right to make such a
motion.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask a single question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. BECK. Is the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Sohejtck] at
liberty to tell us now what his committee will
probably propose with regard to this inoome
tax? If he can tell ua, and will do so, 1 shall
then be better able to determine how to vote
on thia question. If he ia not at liberty to tell,
of coarse I will not ask him to do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think I ought to
answer that inquiry. I will say that I think we
are coming to a decision upon the subject. But
this particular subject is but the part of the
whole scheme of internal taxation. By the
amended bill, which we shall urge upon the
consideration of the House, we propose to bring
down the taxes at least $30,000,000, and to do
that we shall propose to take off certain taxes
which we think affect injuriously the business
of the whole country, and which are oppressive
in various ways. I can say this much, without
undertaking to state now the particulars.
My own personal opinion is that in some
shape we shall be compelled to retain and
ought to retain the income tax. I do not think
we can have sufficient revenue without it. As
to its odious character I am one who does not
believe in that, for the simple fact—this I ad-
mit is not a fair reason—that people like a tax
which somebody else pays; and there are but
two hundred and seventy-three or two hundred
and Seventy-four thousand people who pay any
part of this income tax, even as the law now is;
and if the law were amended the number would
be much smaller. Now, there is something to
be said on the other side. The mass of the peo*
pie, in the interior of the country at least—the
mass of the people who are not so much heard
here as others are, who do not control news-
papers, who do not make public opinion—are
inclined if they must keep up some taxes, (they
would rather have none if it were possible,) but
if they must keep up some taxation to meet the
aecesaities of the revenue, they would rather
continue as a part of the taxation of the coun-
try that which is levied chiefly upon the accu-
mulated capital of the country, and in a very
small degree upou the body of the people or
upon the poorer and humbler classes having
■less property.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman yield to mo
for one minute ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield one minute to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. I desire to suy, by permission
of the gentleman from Ohio, that my chief
objection to the income tax arises lrom its
inquisitorial character. In my view it is in
conflict with the getiins of our institutions.
It is a tax which is entirely foreign to our sys-
tem, and is inconsistent with the personal lib-
erty of the citizen. It can only be justified on
the ground upon which it was originally im-
posed—as a war tax rendered necessary by
extraordinarycontingeuciesandcircumstanees.
Now that the war has ceased, I contend that,
this tax, and all taxes of similar character,
should also cease. 1 do not object to the pay-
ment by the rich man of a large proportion of
his income to the Government to extricate it
from its embarrassments, but I do object to a
tax which authorizes the assessor to intrude
into the household, the privute business affairs,
the domestic relations of every individual. 1
believe that from all parts of the country and
from all classes of the people, not only npon
the sea-board, but in the interior, as well us
upon the Pacific coast, there is a universal
demand that this income tax shall now cease,
that Congress shall not by its legislation con-
tinue it any longer.
Mr. MORGAN. Will my colleague [Mr.
Schexck] yield to me for one minute?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, all systems
of taxation are unpopular. 1 never heard of
a popular tax. For my own part, I believe that
the income tax as it now stands is a just tax.
if there is any just tax in our whole system of
internal taxation. It ia a tax upon capital,
and if I were to propose any change in the
present law under which it is levied, it would
he to make the exemption $2,000 instead of
$1,000. I hope the House will refuse to con-
cur in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. It seems to be necessary
for me to reply to some extent to the sugges-
tions which have been made by variousgentle-
meti. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] insists upon the inquisitorial character
of the income tax as one of its objectionable
features. This criticism is in some respects
well founded; and one part of the duty of the
Committee of Ways and Means will be to
modify the law in some particulars so that its
odiona character shall be to some extent miti-
gated in the manner of its administration. But
so far as the tax itself is concerned—and now
I give my own opinion, for I am not prepared
to disclose that of the Committee of Ways and
Means in advance of our report—my own opin-
ion i8 that the income tax cannot be dispensed
with unless we continue some other faxes
which are really more odious, .more annoying,
and rtorfe oppressive to the people than the
income tax.
Upon the general proposition that this is tho
most odious of all taxes I beg to differ with tho
gentlemen who have expressed that opinion.
I say that this tax is most clamored about
because those who raise the clamor have the
means to affect the public mind. But with the
great mass of the people of the country it is
not the most unpopular tax, but on the con>
trary is regarded by them as a fair and proper
tax, which falls generally upon those most able
to pay it. I believe there is no taxation, not
even that upon distilled spirits or tobacco, in
regard to which there have been more attempts
at evasion, or more frauds practiced in order
to avoid taxation. But these frauds and eva-
sions have not been committed by the mass
of the people of the country; they have not
