1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1903
Mr. MORTON. I was just coming to that.
After having smoothed away these ugly irreg-
ularities and shown that they did not amount
to much the committee finally say in sub-
stance, " We will compromise; if you will let
the election come on this fall or adopt the
Bingham amendment we will forgive these
irregularities." That is the substance of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Read it.
Mr. MORTON. I will read it to show that
I state it exactly:
"And inasmuch as it appears certain that the term
of office of tho members of the Georgia Legislature
and of its State government will expire at tho same
time that it would hare done had tho State been
fully restored to its place in the Union in July,
1S68"—
That means the Bingliam amendment—
"and do not commence or run from the date of her
future admission to representation, and that without
reference to what might be the legal or literal con-
struction of tho last clause of the second subdivis-
ion of the first section of the third article of the
constitution of Georgia, in the following words."
Then going on to quote the constitution.
It is not necessary for me to read the whole
of it; bat because it appears certain that the
election must take place next falT, and the
term of office must expire just as it would
have done if the State had been fully restored
in 1868, the committee recommend that these
irregularities be forgiven. In other words,
these things aro brought forward as a great
make-weight against this Legislature, but are
all to be excused if you will only agree that
the election shall take place next fall; that
these parties shall forego all their rights and
the term of office shall be eat off just as if
the State had been restored in 1808. Now, I
know I do not misrepresent this report.
But, Mr. President, I do not propose to let
this committee oil quite so easy ; nor do I pro-
pose that the lengthy argument on this point—
for I believe the Senator from Illinois devoted
quite two thirds of his speech to showing that
this Legislature had been improperly organ-
ized—shall pass without some examination and
have all this capital made before the country
and this prejudice created before the country
without having some explanation of the facts.
What are the three irregularities in the recent
organization complained of by this committee ?
They are contained in the arguments of the
distinguished Senators, and they are also set
forth in the report; and I will call attention to
that:
" 1. In the control and direction of the proceedings
of the house by one Harris, who took tho chair and
presided at the organization of the house of repre-
sentatives. "
He took the chair by authority of General
Terry, on the recommendation of Governor
Bullock, and this is presented as the first
cause of irregularity. Now, sir, what does
that amount to? There must generally be
some officer to organize a legislative body. The
usual practice is, I believe, in the lower houses
that the clerk of the last house shall do it. I
believe that an act of Congress provides that
the Clerk of the present House of Representa-
tives shall organize the House in the next
Congress. There is a similar provision in the
laws of some of the States, and in some of
the States it is done by usage: but the new
house is nearly always organized by some per-
son outside of the body itself, not a member
of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not an officer of it ?
Mr. MORTON. Not an officer of it at the
time. Does my friend say he must necessarily
be an officer of the House?
Mr. EDMONDS. 1 say the [.reposition of
the Senator is a very astounding proposition as
matter of practice.
Mr. MO it TON. Not very astounding,because
it happens to be true. The -Senator from New
York "says the truth may astound my friend.
Mr. CONKLING. That would be rather a
free translation of the remark I made in my
seat.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would be, judging from
the way this argument goes.
Mr. MORTON. But, Mr. President, I am
not jesting about this matter. I do not pro-
pose to be put off by a jest. I say the practice
of legislative bodies is that some person shall
take the chair and organize the body, and
generally that person is not a member of the
house. It frequently happens that it is the
clerk of the preceding house. There was no
clerk of the preceding house in this case; there
must be some person to take the chair, and
General Terry supposed that in the plenitude
of his military power it was proper for him to
designate somebody. Now, suppose for the
sake of the argument that it was wrong, what
does it amount to? Mr. Harris took the chair
and presided while the oaths were adminis-
tered ; but afterward, when the oaths had been
administered and the members seated, the
house elected its speaker, and the speaker took
the chair; and if there were any prior irregu-
larities they were all cured; they amounted to
nothing. An irregularity of that kind in the
beginning amounts to nothing, so far as affect-
ing the legality of the organization is con-
cerned. I can give a case in tho national House
of Representatives, and we all remember it.
The Clerk of the preceding House was author-
ized by law to organize the House ; they had
struggled for weeks without effecting an organ-
ization, and the Clerk refused to put a ques-
tion. The venerable John Quiney Adams arose
in his seat and made a motion, and, in viola-
tion of the usages of the House and in viola-
tion of law, he said, " I will put the question
myself;" andhedid, anda Speaker was elected
and was conducted to the seat.
That action of Mr. Adams was irregular,
perhaps quite as much so as the appointment
of this man Harris to organize the house in
Georgia; but the motion was carried, the
Speaker was conducted to the chair who was
thus elected ; and did any body ever hear after
that that the legal organization of the House
was called in question because the motion had
been thus irregularly put by a member of the
House instead of being put by the Clerk of
the House ? Who can controvert this histor-
ical fact?
Mr. President, I now come to the second
irregularity claimed in this report, which is "the
exclusion from taking the oaths, and from seats
of the three members elect who offered to swear
in." These three members'elect were notori-
ously ineligible. They could not take the oaths
without committing perjury. General Terry
refused to allow them to do it, and the com-
mittee subsequently say that no injustice was
done by it; and yet the fact that these three
men were not allowed to commit perjury is
paraded by this committee as a reason why
the organization of that body was illegal and
unauthorized. Why, Mr. President, this ob-
jection is so small that in a county court a
special demurrer would not reach it.
1 come next to the third irregularity stated
in this report:
"In the seatingofthe persons nothaving amajority
of the votes of tho electors."
And this is the grave irregularity. It is said
that some twenty-three or twenty-four persons
who had the next highest number of votes were
seated in the Legislature instead of those who
were declared to be ineligible. Both the Sen-
ators say that this was in violation of the law.
Now, sir, with all respect to them, I controvert
that position in toto. I say, according to the
law of Georgia and according to parliamentary
law, the Legislature had a right to do that very
thing. The. Senator from Vermont said yester-
day that was the very thing we complained of
the former Legislature for doing. I say not.
"We complained that they turned out the colored
men who were eligible and entitled to seats,
and that they did that in violation of the con-
stitution of Georgia; and for that reason we
denounced their proceedings.
Now, T come to the direct question, and I
do not want any evasion about it: was it in
accordancs with the law to Seat the men who
had the next highest number of votes, instead
of those who were ineligible under the Con-
stitution of the United States? I maintain
that it was in harmony with the law. There is
one distinction made. Sometimes the con-
stitution of a State requires that their officers
shall be elected by a majority of all the votes
cast; in other cases only by a plurality—the
man who has the most votes. The Senator
from Vermont yesterday said very ingeniously
that the constitution of Georgia does not au-
thorize the election of members of the Legisla-
ture by a plurality, but requireB a majority of
all the votes east, As a question of law and
fact I controvert that position. Such a thing
was never heard of in the State of Georgia. A
plurality elects members of the Legislature in
Georgia, members of Congress, and elects
everybody in that State except the Governor
and presidential electors. The Senatorplanted
himself on the ground yesterday that a plurality
could not elect members of the Legislature. I
challenge him to the Georgia constitution on
that subject. I say it was never claimed in the
State of Georgia that a plurality would not
elect members of the Legislature. I sweep
that position from under the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May 1 make an inquiry
merely for information? f wish to understand
my friend whether he claims that the consti-
tution of Georgia provides for a plurality elec-
tion of members or that it is silent on that
subject?
Mr. MORTON. I can meet that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I wish yoa
to do.
_ Mr. MORTON. The constitution of Geor-
gia does not say it shall require a majority of
the votes cast; and in the absence of that pro-
vision in every State constitution in the Uni-
ted States a plurality elects. It does not say
a plurality may do it, but a plurality may do
it in the absence of a provision requiring a
majority of all the votes cast.
Then, Mr. President, I come to the next
question. The Senator said that the person
having the next highest number of votes could
not be seated in place of the ineligible person,
unless the ineligibility was of that manifest
and striking character that could be perceived
at a glance. For instance, voting for a woman
where a woman was not eligible to office, vot-
ing for a child where a child was not eligible
to office. He said it must be some visible
ineligibility that would authorize the seating
of the person having the next highest number
of_ votes. I controvert that position as not
being sustained by the law. I will refer to
Cushing's Manual, which I believe is regarded
as the ablest summary and compilation of par-
liamentary law now in use, and as I am a little
fatigued 1 will ask the Secretary to read tho
sections that I have marked.
The Chief Clerk read the following sections
from Cushing's Parliamentary Law:
" 175. If an election is made of a person who is
ineligible, that is, incapable of beinp; elected, the
election of such person is absolutely void, oven
though he is voted for at the same time with others
who are eligible, and who are accordingly elected;
and this is equally true whether tho disability is
known to the electors or not; whether a majority of
all the votes or a plurality only is necessary to the
election ; and whether the votes aro given orally or
by ballot."
" 179. In reference to elections by ballot, in which
secrecy is the distinguishing feature, and in which,
consequently, neither the returning officers nor the
electors themselves are supposed to know for whom
the votes aro given until the result is declared, it
seems not unreasonable to consider the votes for in-
eligible candidates to be thrown away in all eases,
and the opposing candidate elected, where tho elect-
ors know ormust be presumed to know the disability ;
and, in all cases where there is no actual or presumed
knowledge, to hold the wholo proceeding merely
void."
Mr. MORTON. Where the election is by
ballot, says the authority, and the disability is
known or presumed to be known to the elect-
ors, there the person having the next hignest
number of votes is entitled to the office, and
the votes cast for the ineligible person are
thro'wn away. Now, sir, when is the disabil-
