1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
Also, the petition of Albert Mann and others,
for the same purpose. '
By Mr. PROSSER': A petition of certain
citizens of Tennessee, asking that the Cranking
privilege be abolished.
By Mr. READING: A petition of 15 citi-
zens of Bensalera^Backs county, Pennsylvania,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BEEVES: Thirteen-petitions of
citizens of Suffolk county, New York, asking
an appropriation to improve .the channel of
Peconic river in said county, accompanied by
a sketch of said river, showing the location of
the desired improvement. \
Also, the petition of William H. Tuthill,
William EL Griffiog, C. H. Brown, 10 masters
of vessels* and 16 others, citizens of East
Marion, Suffolk county, New York, for an
appropriation to erect a breakwater on the bar
at the month of Port Jefferson harbor, Long
Island sound.
Also, the petition of E. T. Moore, Captain
Sidney Newton, Robert Mills, and 31 others,
citizens of Patschogue,- Suffolk. county, New
York, asking legislation to provide drawbacks
of import duties on ship-building: materials,
also on stores, &c., of vessels in foreign com-
merce ; to require the Post Office Department
to contract for carrying ocean mails in Ameri-
can bottoms; and protesting against the repeal
of the registry laws for foreign-built vessels. :
Atso, the petition of James Wells, Nathaniel
W; Downs, Jason T. -Young, and 28 others,
citizens of Suffolk coanty, New York, residing
near Upper Aquebogue .post office, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of A. W. Alien, George
W. Edwards, Miss Mary Trappall, and 88
others, citizens, of Baiting Hollow, Suffolk
county, New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Thomas Coles, Ebene-
zer .Jones, Lester Mills, aad 27 others, citizens
of Wading River, Suffolk connty, New York,
lor the abolition- of tine franking privilege.
Also, the petition of A. W. Roseman, post-
master, J.B. Gould, M. L. Gould, and 29 others,
citizens of Ronkookoma, Suffolk connty, New
York, for the abolitioa of the- franking privi-
lege. „
Also, the petition of Albert R. Ntrrton, post-
master, Davis Norton, Henry Loogboth&m, and
18 others, citizens of Selden, Suffolk county,
New York, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of B. C. Tu thill, post-
master, Henry Belktste; Jeremiah H. Rackett,
and 20 others, citizens of East Marion, Suffolk
county, New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Jesse W. Halsey, Josiah
P. Howell, William J. Stephens, and 5 others,
citizens of Quogae, Suffolk county, Now York,
for the abolition of the franking privilege. . •
Also, the petition of Henry W. Titus, J. H.
Bell, E. T. Hulse, and 81 others, citizens of
Bell port, Suffolk oonnty, New York, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Seth Ray nor, S. B.
Topping. G, W. Raynor, apd27 others, citizens
of Manorville, Suffolk county, New York, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William B. Arthur, post-
master, William Stiens, Lambert T.Snedecor,
and 46 others, citizens of Bine Point, Suffolk
county, New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William D. Parsons,
William H. Parsons, Isaac S. Miller, and 66
others, citizens of the Springs, town of East
Hampton, Suffolk county, New York, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Carman Smith, post-
master, Rev. S. F. Johnson, John Anderson^
and 13 others, citizens of Merriek. Queens
county, New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of P. F. Parsons, J. H.
Zeloff, George W. Davies, and 80 others, citi-
zens of Port-Richmond, Richmond county,
New York, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr, SARGENT: A petition from citi-
zens of Valley Ford, California, for the aboli-
'! tion of the franking privilege.
Atso, a petition of citizens of Markleyvilie,
! California, for the same purpose.
! i Also, a petition of eitizens of Black Diamond
and of Nortonville, California, for the same
purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of lone Valley,
California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Volcano, Cali-
fornia, fbr the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Atlanta, Cali-
fornia, for the same purpose.
;. Also, a petition of citizens of Big Oak Flat,
California, for the same purposet
Also, two petitions of citizens of Shasta
county, California, for the same purpose.
- Also* a petition of citizens of West Point,
California, for the same purposed
Also, a petition of citizens of some place not
stated, California? asking for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. SCHENCK.: A petition of 93 citi-
zens of Trenton, Ohio, praying Congress to
abolish the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of manufacturers of stoga
cigars, of Manilla, Ohio, praying Congress to
reduce the tax on stoga cigars.
By Mr. SPJNK: The petition of J. A. Wal-
lace and 46 others, citizens of Dakota Terri-
tory, praying for the establishment of a separate
pension district for said Territory* -
Also, the petition of N. Phillips and 26
others, citizens of Sionx Falls,, Dakota Terri-
tory, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER; A petition of
citizens of Putnam, Connecticut, asking for the
abolition of the.franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens ofPiainfield, Con-
nection^ for the same object.
Also, a petition of citizens of Phenixville,
Connecticut, for the same object.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hadlyme, Con-
necticut, for the same object.
Ateo, a petition of citizens of Norwicbtown,
Connecticut, for the same object.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bozrahville,
Connecticut, for the same object.
| By Mr. STILES: A petition of citizens of
Dilliogersville, Lehigh county, Pennsylvania,
asking for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of citizensof Conahohocken,
Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, to thesame
By Mr. STRONG: Petitions of L. J. Barber
and others, George Simpson and others, Frank-
lin Dundam and others, and D. C. Hayes and
others, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege. ,r
Also, the petition of Henry L. Galpia, for
relief.
By Mr. SWEENEY: The petition of Sarah
Ashby, for arrears of pension.
Also, a petition of citizens of Roekport,
Kentucky, for abolition of franking privilege.
By Mr. TILLMAN: A memorial from citi-
zens of Cannon county, fourth district, Tennes-
see, asking the passage of laws for the protec-
tion of loyal citizens in their legal rights.
By Mr. VAN AUKEN : A petition of citi-
zens of Barrett township, Monroe county,
Pennsylvania, for abolishing the franking priv-
ilege, . ..
: Also, a petition of citizens of Delftsburg,
Northampton coanty, Pennsylvania, for abol-
ishing the franking privilege, ,
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: Thepetitioaof Henry
Glick and 87 others, citizens of Cedar Hill,
Fairfield county, Ohio, praying for the aboli-
tion of the frankiBg privilege.
Also, the petition of Adam C. Teter and 43
others, citizens of Lattasville, Ross county,
Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of John W. Dilgerand 09
others* citizens of West Rushville, Fairfield
county, Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of W. C. Crites and 17
others, citizens of Stringtown, Pickaway coun-
ty, Ohio, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
A memorial of the Greenfield, Massachusetts,
Tool Company, representing the useful and
necessary employment of the finer quality of
imported steel in all the mechanical trades and
avocations of labor, remonstrating against
higher duties, and praying a reduction of tho
present tariff thereon.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin : The
petition C. L. Coleman, mayor of La Crosse,
and other?, asking an appropriation to erect a
court-house at La Crosse, Wisconsin.
Also, the petition ofDavidTaylor and others,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. "WELKER: The petition of A. G.
Beer, S. M. Barber, and others, citizens of
Ashland, Ohio, asking that artificial limbs be
furnished disabled soldiers once in five years.
Also, the petition of W. Booth and 55
others, citizens of Laporte, Lorain county,
Ohio, asking for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens ofBenton, Holmes
county ; of Jeromeville, Ashland county; of
Wiensberg, Holmes county; of Copopa, Ash-
land connty; of Rochester, Lorain county, all
of, the State of Ohio, asking the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr.-WILLARD: Petitions of R. T. Hand
and others, of West Arlington, Vermont; of
Joseph Fuller and others, of Clarendon, Ver-
mont ; of E, H. Bradford and others, of Wal-
lingford, Vermont; of Charles H. Scott and
others, of Bennington Centre, Vermont; of
W. P. J. Hyde ana others, of Sudbury, Ver-
mont; of Joseph Brown and others, of South
Woodbury, Vermont; of Alvin Skiers and
others, of New Haven, Vermont; of Charles
Hunsdon and others, of Shorehata, Vermont,
and of Thomas Hubbard and others,' of Pitts-
field,-Vermont, all praying.for-the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: Petitions, num-
erously signed, fro Oft citizens of Cherry Fork
and Bentonville, Adams county, Ohio; Port-
land and Keystone, Jackson county, Ohio;
Wilkesville and Hope Furnace, Vinton county,
Ohio; and Rodney and Lincoln, Gallia connty,
Ohio, praying for the passage of A law abolish-
ing the franking privilege.
By Mr. WINANS: The petition of Morgan
Sharp and 59 others, citizens of Jamestown,
•Green county, Ohio, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
. Also, the remonstrance of JohnL. Quinn,
postmaster at Jamestown, ^foresaid, against
such abolition, and praying for the amendment
of the postal laws so that deputy postmasters
may be compensated by percentages of receipts,
as follows: first class, thirty per cent..; sec-
ond class, forty per cent; third class, fifty per
cent.; fourth class, seventy-five per cent.fifth
class, ninety per cent.; all postmasters to pay
for their own rents, fuel, and lights; that post-
masters at small offices-should be required to
keep their offices open onljr one hqrar before
and-two hours aftep* the arrival of mails, &o.f
and that postmasters who at their own expense
put up bo^es, .shall be. entitled tp.tbe rents
thereof. ;
By Mr. WINCHESTER: A petition from
the citizens of .Henry coanty, Kentucky, for
the abolition of the franking privilege. •
.Also,°a.petition from the citizensoi Jericho,
Henry county, .Kentucky, for the abolition of
the franking privilege- ^ . •
By Mr. WOODWARD; A petition of citi-
zens of Dallas, Luzerne county, Pennsylvania,
for the abolition of the franking privilege;
