2938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
been committed by the people of limited means.
They have been, for the most part, committed
by men who ought to pay a considerable con-
tribution to the income tax, but who manage
to stretch their consciences to get such deduc-
tions as to bring themselves down cither to
110 income tax at all or to a very small pro-
portion of what they really ought to pay.
What is thought inquisitorial so far as assess-
ing the tax is concerned must be kept up in
order to prevent these frauds as far as possi-
ble ; but it need not, perhaps, be carried to the
extent of interfering with men's business by
spreading it too much before the public.
Mr. Speaker, I have some curious facts in
regard to this, which I have sent for to the
committee-room. Ofthosewhopay the income
tax in the first place there are one hundred and
leven thousand nine hundred and ninety seven
who pay twenty dollars or less. If you raise
the exemption $1,000, that is from $1,000 to
$2,000, you will cut them off. The second
class consists of sixty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and eighty-four, who pay between twenty
and fifty dollars; the third class, of forty-one
thousand one hundred and ninety-six, who pay
between fifty and one hundred dollars income
tax; and the fourth class, of forty-five thousand
and two, who pay between $100 and $500
income tax. Ihose who pay over $500 of
income tax altogether only amount to nine
thousand four hundred and sixty-four in the
United States, making the whole number of
persons who pay income tax in the United i
States two hundred and seventy two thousand ;
eight hundred and forty-three. I think, sir,
as this is an interesting document, prepared
at the Office of Internal Revenue, I will have the
whole of it published in order fully to exhibit
the condition of things in reference to the
income tax. It is as follows:
Tkkjlsttbt Dipartmitnt,
Offick of Iktbbnal Rkvbnuk,
Washington, March 9,1870.
Estimate of the probable amount of reduction in
the income tax by raising the exemption to $-',000.
The income tax assessed in 1869 will probably vary
but little, when all returned, from $27,250,000.
The following is a statement showing the number
of persons in each of five classes whose net income
tax on the annual list and subsequent monthly lists
of 1869 was. first, $20 or less; second, over $20 and
not over $50; third, over $50 and not over $100;
fourth, over $100 and not over $500; and fifth, over
5^0, the number in the first class was ...107.997 <
$50, the number in the second class was 69,184
$100, the number in the third class was  41,196
$500, the number in the fourth class was  43.002 , [
'Ihe number in the fifth class was    9,464
Total 272,843 ,!
Say that the average tax of the first class was $15 1
and of the second class $40 per head, both of which I !
classes would be exempted by the proposed change |;
in the law, we have then— 11
107.997X$15 $1,619,955
69.184X 40        2,767,360
Total $4,387,315
The t«x lost on the three remaining classes, amount-
ing to 95.662 persons, would be $50 per head, or a total
of $4,783,100. This added to $4^87,315gives $9,170,415,
about one third of the whole income tax for 1869.
The salary tax is not included in the above. This
for the last fiscal year amounted to $561,962 52. As-
suming that the loss on salaries would be propor-
tionate to that on other incomes, it would amount
to about $200,000. This added to $9,170,415 gives
$9,370,415 as the total loss on incomes from individ-
uals.
I now yield to the gentleman from Connec-
ticut [Mr. Kellogg] for a minute or two.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. Speaker, I wish the
House to take notice in reference to this in-
come tax being collected for the year 1870,
that the language of the law is that the tax on
incomes shall be levied on the lstday of March,
and shall be due and payable on or before
the 30th day of April in each year until and
including the year 1870, but no longer. There
is no income tax due and payable for the year
1871. The income tax to be collected in 1870
is the tax due for the profits and gains up to
December 31,1869, and payable in April, 1870.
The language of the law is that it shall be levied
at a certain time and payable at a certain time
in 1870, whenthetaxistocease; but the income
tax then collected is to be for the preceding
year. It is time, in my opinion, that there
should be an end put to the collection of this
income tax. It ought to be abolished. And
I will say to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] that those who pay from twenty to
fifty dollars income tax are more injured and
incommoded by it than the rich man. It is not
the rich men who find fault with this tax, so
far as I know, in the district which I represent,
or in the section from which I come.
But, sir, it is a most unequal tax. Owners
of real estate whose income in various ways
amounts to thousands of dollars annually do
not pay a cent. Men engaged in speculations
in real estate do not pay a single cent, though
their gains may be thousands; while clerks,
and those engaged in business, who receive
only a salary, are taxed to the fullest extent,
though their salaries will barely support their
families. I have a resolution which I wish to
offer as a substitute, reducing the tax payable
the present year to three per cent, and increas-
ing the exemption to $2,000; and also abolish-
ing the whole income tax and the tax on sala-
ries for the future, so that no income tax shall
be levied, after this year, and no tax upon
salaries shall be collected after July 1,1870.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield any fur-
ther. I wish to repeat what I said before.
If the gentlemau from Connecticut will read
the three or four sections in connection with
this subject and then attempt to reconcile them,
he will come to the conclusion the difficulty
is that while the tax is to continue for 1870 the
machinery for collecting it is not provided by
law for the spring following.
Mr. COB URN. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman must ex-
cuse me, as I have promised to yield to his
colleague for two or three minutes.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know that it is a matter of great importance to
define our positions in regard to these matters ;
but I listened with a great deal of interest to
the discussion of this peculiar tax. I represent
a large agricultural district, populous and in
good circumstances. I think, however, I should
be faithless to their wishes cn this subject if I
voted here to relieve that class of people who
are best able to pay tax upon their incomes.
This tax falls on that class of people who by
the very terms of it have an income to be as-
sessed. The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood,] with whom it always gives me pleasure
to agree, says that this tax is inquisitorial in its
nature. Why, any tax that is laid upon the
people is inquisitorial.. The tariff on the arti-
cles which enter into the ordinary consump-
tion of a household is still more inquisitorial
in its character than this tax. There is noth-
ing that goes upon a man's person, nothing
that he lives upon, nothing that clothes his
family, but is visited with the inquisition of
taxation.
According to my view of the situation of
affairs, taxation is quite unequal enough now,
and should not be made more unequal by reliev-
ing the wealthier and better able classes of the
payment of this tax. Instead of this being an
unpopular tax, I would say to this House that
the most unpopular act it could commit would
be, in my judgment, to repeal the income tax.
On whom does this tax fall? On bondholders,
although not half so heavily as I would make
it fall on them if I had the power. On bank-
ers, though not to the extent it ought. Ou the
wealthy manufacturers and merchants, and on
aggregated capital in whatever hands it may
be found. Instead of this being too inquisito-
rial a tax, I would make it more so if I had the
power; for under the law as it now is, men
evade their taxes. It is a constant complaint
in the various collection districts that men by
false returns, by untrue accounts, evade pay-
ing the proper tax on their incomes. And why
should not wealthy men pay this tax? Is it
inquisitorial to impose a tax upon incomes
which are better able to pay taxes than anything
else?
This is a complaint which I cannot, compre-
hend, especially when the tax-gatherer goes
into every household and lays his hungry hand
on the person of every laborer, every farmer,
every mechanic, and every member of a man's
family, visiting them with an inquisition which
has no limit or restraint, in order to raise the
revenue under our system of tariff taxation.
And if I had the power, instead of removing
the system of inquisition which executes the
income tax, I would make it still more binding.
I would make those who execute the law fulfill
their obligations more carefully and more fully
than they do now. This much I desired to
say, and I thank the gentlemau from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] for giving me an opportunity
to say it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield for a few
moments to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Coburn.]
Mr. COBURN. While I do not recognize
the propriety of Congress legislating upon any
subject in view of its popularity or unpopu
larity, while I totally repudiate any idea of
that kind as furnishing a proper motive or in-
centive to action in our legislation here, yet,
inasmuch as the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] and the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] have raised the ques-
tion as to the popularity of this tax, I must be
permitted to say as to that matter that I know
of no tax in the whole list that is so univer-
sally popular and approved by the whole peo-
ple as this very income tax ; and the reason
why it is thus popular and approved is that it
is derived from persons who, as a general rule,
are well able to pay it. Instances have been
mentioned where clerks and others with fami-
lies and small incomes, the amount of whicli
can be readily arrived at, are oppressed by
this tax, as compared with others better off,
The amount of whose incomes is only known
to themselves. But you can hardly turn to
anything in the whole list of taxation which
does not operate with severity and hardship
on some individual or other. But taking the
tax in its entire operation, the wealthy men,
the men of property, the men of substance—
all embraced in the list of two hundred and
seventy-five thousand persons whopay income
tax—are better reached by this tax than they
would be in any other way. I would, there-
fore, regret to see it abolished or in any way
altered.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, how much
of my hour remains?
The SPEAKER. A little over twenty
minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] for three
minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. I thank the gentleman
for his courtesy in allowing me three minutes
to express my own views, as well as what I
believe to be the public sentiment of the coun-
try on this question. I ask the gentleman
where are we to look if not to the public press
for evidences of public opinion ? I do not be-
lieve that those who ordinarily publish papers
are the rich meu of the country, rolling in
wealth, as the gentleman asserts. Their pro -
fession is not so profitable that this is likely to
be the case; and I do not think, therefore,
that these men can be supposed to speak espe-
cially for those who are wealthy. They are
the reflex of public opinion in all its forms.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees]
gave the best possible argument against this
tax when he spoke about there being so few
who return honestly their incomes for taxation.
It has been a crying shame against the meas-
ure, from its very outset, that it leads to per-
jury ; that rich men and speculators, without
fixed salaries, can by cooked schedules evade
their fair ghajre of the tax, while poor clerks
