1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Satcrday, February 5, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m., Mr.
LoroHRiDGE in the chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore. Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G.
Buti.er.
The reading of the Journal of yesterday was
begun, when
Mr. CESSNA moved that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
order of busine8s.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By order of
!.<e House, proceedings to-day are restricted
iO debate, as in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, on the President's
annaal message.
MESSAGE FROM THR SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, a joint resolution
and bill of the following titles:
Joint resolution (H. K. No. 143) to author-
ize the Secretary of War to provide for taking
meteorological observations at the military sta-
tions and other points in the interior of the
continent and for giving notice on the northern
lakes and sea-board of the approach and force
of storms; and
An act (H. R. No. 336) for the relief of
Alinzor Clark.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles; in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
An act (S. No. 260) for the relief of Polly
Hunt, administratrix, and George W. Hunt,
administrator, of the estate of Walter Hunt,
deceased;
An act (S. No. 226) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Homeopathic Medical Society;
An act (S. No. 399) to authorize the paving
and sewerage of M street, Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 159) to authorize the sale or
lease of a certain piece of land in the city of
Washington;
An act (S. No. 449) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Carson;
An act (S. No. 221) for the relief of the
sureties of Israel T. Canby, late receiver of
public moneys at Crawfordsville; Indiana;
An act (S. No. 480) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Mail Steamboat Company:
An act (S. No. 414) declaring the construc-
tion of an act to incorporate the National Theo-
logical Institute, approved May 10, 1866, and
also an act to amend an act entitled "An act
to incorporate the National Theological Insti-
tute, and to define and extend the powers of
the same," approved March 2, 1867;
An act (S. No. 234) relating to acknowledg-
ments of deeds or other instruments of writing
in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 441) prescribing the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury in certain cases
therein named; and
An act (S. No. 266) to authorize officers of
the Executive Departments to administer oaths
in certain cases.
RECORD OV THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I will ask
that daring my remarks I may not be inter-
rupted for questions or comments, as I shall
have barely time to conclude what I desire to
say within the honr allotted to me.
Hie other day, in the debate upon theques-
tion of the admission to a seat in this Honse
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Porter,]
in answer to an-objeetion to his admission made
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,]
on the ground-that in 1864 he had used scan-
dalous language against President Lincoln and
against the Congress of the United States, and
had said that he would rather live under Jeff.
Davis's government than under this, I some-
what playfully objected to the strict applica-
tion of such a rule from the effect that it would
have on the Democratic side of this Chamber.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. W ood-
ward,] with some heat, replied:
" So far as I know and believe, the assertions of
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent] are
slanderous."
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman, j
in better temper, said:
" The remark was certainly uttered in a spirit of
pleasantry and for the purpose of breaking the force
of the interrogatory propounded to him rather than
because he in truth believes that any gentleman on
this side of the House entertains or has entertained
sentiments of hostility to the Government. I think
the gentleman from California would be very glad
to say to the country that hedoes not sincerely enter-
tain the opinion that the seats on this side of the
House would be vacant if disloyalty to the Govern-
ment and the expression ofdisloyal sentiments would
have the effect of vacating them."
To this and other remarks of the same char-
acter from this gentleman I replied :
" Now, sir, so far as gentlemen are here present on
the Democratio side of the House, I cannot say that
any one of them ever used such language as that in-
dicated. What they may have said to their intimates,
if I knew it, as I do not, I would not repeat here. But
my remark meant this, and this only: that the party
to which they are attached, from the earliest outbreak
of the rebellion, threw themselves in the scale against
the country. In the Thirty-Seventh Congress they
insisted here, in my hearing, that there was no right
to coerce a sovereign State; and they assailed Mr.
Lincoln because he called troops here to defend the
capital, and assailed our soldiers as ' Lincoln's hire-
lings.' "
And in reply to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox,] who claimed that "the Dem-
ocrats of the North stood almost as one man
by the side of Judge Douglas in that contro-
versy with the South," and claiming that he
himself was one of the first to speak against
secession in this House, I said:
"I am willing to give any gentleman the benefit
of any exception he may claitn. I will make no per-
sonal issue with any gentleman, either the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] or my friend from In-
diana, [Mr. Holiian.] But I say it ia not true that
the Democratic party, was not in sympathy with
secession and did not aid the rebellion by their acts.
Sir, a Democratic President, James Buchanan, a
northern man, sent a message to Congress that the
Government of the United States had no power to
coerce a State. And in that opinion he was sup-
ported by his Attorney General, another Democrat
and northern man, Mr. Black.
" I appeal to the reoollection of the gentlemen on
my right. Did wo not on a thousand stumps meet
the Democratic party of the North, who assailed the
Government and denounced the war as an 'aboli-
tion war?' Did not the Democratio party as a unit
vote against the conscription bills when our Army
was failing for want of soldiers? Did they not
resolve at Chicago, in 1864, when the rebellion was
nearly destroyed, that the war was a failure?"
To these statements the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] replied as fol-
lows:
" Mr. Speaker, I do not rise to discuss this question.
I intend to votte for the admission of this man from
Virginia. I rise only for the purpose of replying to
the slanderous charge brought against the Dem-
ocratio members of the House by the member from
California. I denounced it as slanderous at the
moment it fell from his lips; I so denounce it now;
and I say that he only aggravates the offense when,
in his attempt to explain it, he says that the Dem-
ocratio party of the North was opposed to the war
and in favor of secession. On the contrary, I affirm
that if the Democratic party of the North had not
recruited your armies the southern confederacy had
this day been an established and accomplished fact.
You are indebted to the Democratic party for the
suppression of the rebellion. The gentleman from
California ought to know this if he doeB not; and if
he does know it he ought not to bring such a charge
against a large and respectable body of his fellow-
citizens."
Upon an issue so clearly stated, where the
points of difference are so wide, where the facts
all transpired within this decade, and where
we were all both observers and actors, I am
not satisfied to leave the controversy without
an attempt to establish my position by refer-
ence to undisputed documents and facts, and
relieve myself of the charge of having slan-
dered the Democratic party. For this purpose
I sought the floor again during that debate, and
failed to obtain it. I embrace this the first
opportunity to vindicate my sincerity in the
terrible charge that I felt authorized to make
against that political organization; and by
proofs drawn from materials unhappily too
abundant establish that the charge was right-
eons and deserved.
A thousand years hence, when some pur-
blind searcher of musty records may prove that
William Shakespeare did not write Hamlet, that
Homer was not blind, and jEsop was a prince
and not a slave, when the indi viduality of all of
usand of nearly all the actors in the late tragedy
shall have vanished, it may be asserted wit&
more confidence that the Democratic party did
not aid the rebellion and prolong its existence;
but not now, sir, not during this generation,
while the graves are green around us; not while
the widows and orphans are in our families;
not while high taxation and a great public debt
burden our industries; not while the record
and the individuality of each man around me
and of the parties that have contended in the
land are plainly written in speeches and votes
and resolutions of conventions, in familiar
letters whose authorship is not denied, and in
acts, events, and organizations as well known
and proved as any battle of the war.
It cannot be denied that the war against the
Constitution and the Union was a Democratic
war so far as the secessionists of the South
were concerned. The plotters and leaders of
the rebellion were orthodox, "constitutional"
Democrats. Jeff Davis up to the last moment
he spent in the Senate professed to be a Dem-
ocrat. So did Toombs and Wigfall, Slidell and
Cobb, Burnett and Breckinridge, &c., when
they departed to take position in the rebel ser-
vice. The rebellion was inaugurated by Dem-
ocrats and was fought by Democrats, who only
executed what Democrats had planned long
before. And now, sir, I say that the only sym-
Eathy with the rebellion in the loyal North was
y Democrats; the only organizations there to
aid the great conspiracy were organizations of
Democrats; the leaders high in favor with the
northern disloyalists were Democrats; the only
men who made a merit of having opposed the
measnres of the Government from the first,
who boasted that in Congress they had never
voted a man or a dollar for the war, and out
of it disconraged enlistments, were Democrats;
the men who were arrested for sending arms
ahd supplies to the rebels, for inciting rebel-
lion in the North, for treasonably communi-
cating intelligence of our military movements,
for acting as spies for the enemy, were Demo-
crats. The Chapman pirates were all "consti-
tutional" Democrats. Northern Democrats
excited the hopes of the rebels of a northern
revolution. They promised to the rebels that
if the South seceded a northern army should
interpose against the Government in their
behalf, and that northern Democratic troops
should annihilate "any other northern troops
who sought to subdue th e rebellion. When the
war was on our hands northern Democrats
continually clamored for peace. When a ces-
sation of hostilities was the success of secession
they demanded an armistice. Every war meas-
ure to Democratic vision was unconstitutional
and wicked, including coercion, the draft, con-
fiscation, emancipation, suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus, many finance measnres, and
the employment of colored troops; and against
all such measures, the wisdom and necessity of
which have been vindicated by the result, the
party in Congress cast a nearly united vote and
obstructed their passage by delays not now
possible under the amended rules of this House,
and by every argument that attorney-like inge-
nuity could devise. I do not propose to deal
in mere general assertion. I shall appeal to the
record and make good the assertion that I made
a few days ago, and now repeat that the weight
of the Democratic party was thrown into the
scale against the Government in the late des-
perate struggle for national unity and honor. If
the sensibilities of any gentleman are wounded
by this review he will have the satisfaction, if
my conclusions are hasty or illogical, of point-
