APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Wilson.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
efactors, the friend of justice, humanity, and
man.
A few words more, Mr. Speaker, and I will
close. In the reconstruction measure of Con-
gress I fear we hare been guilty of errors of
omission. In my judgment fundamental and
unalterable provision should have been made
to securc education forever to the children of
all the people, and more ample provision should
havebeen made to secure a home for every land-
less family that would occupy a homestead,
which should be placed beyond ordinary pro-
cess for debt. Penal enactments should have
preserved the purity and freedom of elections ;
and then, with the return of peace and good
government, when justice had been satisfied,
the mantle of charity might be appropriately
thrown over every repentant offender against
our national existence, and pardon, fraternity,
and love might become universal.
Reconstruction of Georgia.
SPEECH OF HON. E. M. WILSON,
01? minnesota,
In the House of Representatives,
December 21, 1869,
On the bilKS. No, 281) to promote the reconstruction
of the State of Georgia.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker,
the suspicious haste that characterized the pas-
sage of this bill through the Senate shows it a
predetermined_ party measure and leaves little
hope of defeating it here. But though fighting
without hope it is still a duty to pi-otest against
a proposition which for assumption of unwar-
ranted power has no equal in the history of
Congress. It is a proposition which, I fear,
will be made a precedent for further disregard
of true State rights. It is intended not so much
to affect the rebel States, as those free northern
Commonwealths that have refused to bow down
to the Radical Moloch.
What is the condition of this State of Geor-
gia, which you by this measure propose to
throw back to the position she occupied at the
close of the war ? Every department of the
Government is committed to her full standing
as a State in the Union. All are estopped, by
every consideration of consistency, from fav-
oring the provisions of this bill.
The reconstruction laws were perfected to
the full intensity of Radical requirement, and
laid before the country as a finality of terms
for the return of the rebel States to full com-
munion in the Federal sisterhood. The con-
stitutionality and propriety of these enactments
were assailed by all the Democratic party and
the ablest of the Republicans. But party neces-
sity and party passion overrode all opposition,
and left but the poor consolation of belief that
the end of lawlessness had at last been reached.
Georgia complied with all the provisions of
these acts. Her election was held, like other
southern elections, at the point of the bayonet.
Her destinies were presided over bv that emi-
nent military chieftain, General Meade. He
supervised every step of her organization; and
we have his indorsement of its legality in the
following dispatch sent to General Grant, then
Commander-in-Chief ofthe Army, andtheoffi-
cer to whom Congress, in its antagonism to
President Johnson, had really committed the
whole work of reconstruction :
Heauquaeiees Thied Military Distbict,
Atlanta, Geokqia, July 18,1808.
General U. S. Gkant, Washington, D. C.
On the 8th instant, having been officially notified
by the provisional governor of Georgia that both
houses ot too legislature had reported to him they
were organized and ready for any communication
from him, I instructed the Governor to communicate
to both houses that until compliance was had with
the laws of Congress I considered them as provisional
and subject to my control, and that I could not con-
sider either house legally organized until it had ex-
ammod into and decided on the eligibility of its
members nnder the fourteenth article. On receipt
of this communication each house appointed a com-
mittee to investigate and' report. In thesenate a
majority of the committee reported all eligible. One
member of the minority reported two ineligible.
Another member of the minority reported nine inel-
igible. The senate, after hearing the report of the
committee and excluding the senators reported
againstfrom voting, indorsed and adopted the report
of the majority declaring none in eligible. This action
is to-day transmitted to me by the provisional gov-
ernor, who adopts the extreme report oftheminority,
gives his judgment that the action of the majority
of the committee and of the senate is illegal, and
that the nine members are ineligible; states, how-
ever, that he has official information that certain of
these members hare had their disability removed by
Congress, and calls on me to overrule the decision
of the senate and declare vacant the seats of those
members reported against by one member of the
minority whose disabilities have not been removed.
I am not disposed to alter the position I have
assumed, that it is the prerogative of each house to
judge of tho facts and the law in the cases of mem-
bers of their bouses. I coDsidcr I have performed
my duty when i called their attention to the law
and required action to be taken under it. I do not
feel myself competent to overrule the deliberate
action of a legislative body who report they have
conformed to the rule I laid down for theirguidance.
If I was thesole and exclusive judge of the qualifi-
cations of members T should have exercised my
prerogative beforeallowing thehouseto organize. I
construed the dispatch of Mr. "Wilson to Governor
Warmoth, prohibiting any oath but such as tho
constitution prescribed, as prohibiting any test in
advance of the house having control and as leaving
to each house tho right to decide. My judgment,
therefore, is to acquiesce in the decision ofthe sen-
ate and leave to Congress such action as may here-
after be deemed proper in case tho senate has failed
to comply with the law. To adopt the course pro-
posed by the provisional governor, and overrule the
action of the senate, will bring me in immediate
conflict with tho Legislature and produce results
which, in my judgment, will be worse than allowing
a few doubtful members to retain seats under the
vote of their own body. It is proper that I should
add that there appears at present no doubt but that
the congressional acts will be complied with, even
if members whose seats are questioned are left un-
disturbed. So far as I can ascertain the trouble is a
personal one, arising out of tho contest for United
States Senatorshii). I should also add that the sen-
ate, whose action is reported, has a decided Repub-
lican majority, and could have purged itself ot such
members as are clearly ineligible. What I desire to
know is whether in your judgment my duty re-
quires me to overrule the deliberate act of the sen-
ate, and judge for myself on the qualifications of
members. I have no doubt of my power in the
premises, but I do not feel that I am called on to do
more than I have done.
GEORGE G. MEADE,
Major General.
A true copy:
I'. C. Deum, Assistant Adjutant General.
This course and opinion of General Meade
were fully approved by General Grant, as ap-
pears from his dispatch in reply, which reads
as follows:
Denver, Colorado, July 21, 1868.
To John A. Rawlins :
Major General Meade's dispatch just received.
His conclusions are approved.
U. S. GRANT, General.
The only cause of complaint then made by
any Radical was that what was known as the
"test-oath " had not been administered to the
members of the Legislature. As to whether
this could be done or not was a question of
law. General Meade abstained from doing it
on the ground that he could not legally do so,
and General Grant sustained him. He was
also instructed as to such course by the War
Department, which sent to him as good legal
authority a copy of a dispatch which had been
sent June 30, 1868, by leaders of the Radical
party in. this House to Governor Warmoth,
of Louisiana; when a like question arose as to
the qualifications of members of the Legislature
of that State. This telegram reads thus :
av ashikgton, June 30,186S.
To Governor W$emoth, New Orleans:
"VVc think that persons disqualified under the four-
teenth article of tho amendment to the Constitution
of the United States are not eligible to your Legis-
lature. This is to be determined by the respective
houses, but no oath can be imposed except the oath
prescribed by the State constitution.
JAMES E. WILSON,
Chairman Judiciary Committee.
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
J. JF. FARNSWORTH,
H. E. PAINE,
Reconstruction Committee.
Thus was the Georgia Legislature organized
in full accordance with the enabling act passed
by Congress June 25, 1868. Her members
of Congress, elected at the same State election
at which this Legislature was chosen, presented
themselves for admission. The Committee of
Elections considered their case and reported
as follows :
" Members-elect from Georgia.
"Mr. Dawes. I am instructed by the_ Committee
of Elections to report back the credentials of J. W.
Clift and C. H. Prince, members-elect from the State
of Georgia, that State having ratified the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, and in all other re-
spects having conformed to the requirements of law
in regard to the admission of that State. Thesegen-
tlemen will take the oath prescribed by the act of
July 2,1862.
"The report was agreed to.
"Mr. Clift andMr.Prince appeared andqualified."
Other members from the same State after-
ward appeared and were admitted. They sat
in this House until the close of the Fortieth
Congress and exercised all the functions of full
membership. They voted on important meas-
ures, and the passage of some may have de-
pended upon their votes. The adoption of the
above report commits this House unqualifiedly
to the full legality of Georgia .reconstruction.
The Legislature of that State voted upon and
adopted the thirteenth and fourteenth amend-
ments. The validity of the latter at least, if
not of both, is dependent upon the authority
of Georgia to act as a State; for Ohio and
New Jersey withdrew their assent to the four-
teenth amendment before the requisite three-
fourths vote had been obtained, and with
Georgia counted for it there remains but twenty-
eight in its favor, the smallest number upon
which to predicate the adoption of what is pro-
claimed an element of our constitutional law.
Upon your theory of turning out Georgia can
you count her for this amendment? Can you
consider her in when her action suits your party
purposes, and out when it does not? Is a sov-
ereign State to be bandied like a shuttlecock
at each capricious whim, without the slightest
regard to her rights or the rights of other States
dependent upon her legal status ?
State laws have also been enacted by this
Legislature, corporate powers granted, rights
made dependent upon its legal organization.
What condition are all these in ? And yet
after all these solemn sanctions of State ad-
mission and State action it is here proposed
to throw it back in chaws—to declare null and
void all that has been done—and for what?
Because some negro members of the Legisla-
ture were considered ineligible to seats therein;
because some white members claimed ineligi-
ble were admitted to seats, and because it is
claimed that some Republicans have been
murdered in the State.
Let us examine each of these grounds of
complaint, and see whether we are justified in
the proposed interference on their account.
What is the truth with regard to this expul-
sion of negroes? Was it not a mere question
of law which the Georgia Legislature alone
had a right to settle? Is not every legislative
body the judge of the qualification of its mem-
bers? Is not this a doctrine too universally
acknowledged to admit of a doubt of its per-
fect regularity in this case, so far as we or any
one else had a right to inquire? Even if wrong
in their opinion of the right of the negro to
hold office they violated no United States law.
The fourteenth amendment did not even con-
fer negro suffrage, and much less the franchise
of office-holding. The reconstruction laws did
not give it. _ It was a question entirely under
the constitution and laws of the State of Geor-
gia, and for the consideration of her Legisla-
ture and the construction of her courts. Nor
was it a question of such plainide termination that
the Legislature are without excuse in arriving
at theiropinion thereon. Governor Brown, the
leader of the Republican party in that State,
