1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4827
meat will not be made. It would be putting
parties to a great deal of expense, I think,
without much benefit. All these assignments
have been recorded according to the laws now
in the Patent Office ; and it seems to me that
that is enough without going through all this
expense and certification and trouble.
The amendment was rejected.,
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That the United States,
or the officers, agents, or employes thereof,shall not
be subjcct to any action, suit, or claim whatever by
patentees of inventions, their assigns or licensees,
on account or because of the use in the public ser-
vice of the Government by such, its officers, agents,
and employes, of any alleged patented discovery,
invention, or improvement.
I should like to explain this amendment. It
maybe remembered that some days ago in the
Senate, in connection with another matter, I
called attention to the fact that our Govern-
ment is obliged to pay patentees for the use
of their patents. The Government gives to
tliena the property with one hand, and then
with the other pays them for its use. In doing
so we have followed the old English law ; but
that law, by recent decisions in England, has
been set aside. I have in my hands a copy of
the opinion by the chief justice of England
on this important question ; and he has dis-
tinctly decided that a patentee cannot preyent
the Government from using his invention.
The opinion is very elaborate. 1 have a copy
of it here. If it were not so late in the even-
ing I should ask to have it read from the desk.
Mr. CONKLING. Does that decision apply
to a patentee not in the service of the Govern-
ment at all when he made his invention ?
Mr. SUMNER. Not in the service of the
Government at all. They go back, as the !
Senator will remember, to the original cliarac- |
ter of a patent, a monopoly. They say that a j
monopoly cannot be interpreted against the j
Crown ; that whatever may be the rights of a
patentee against his fellow-subjects, he has j
not rights against the Crown. !
JiJU'. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow j
me to ask him a question? j|
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. _ _ j
Mr. CARPENTER. Of course this decision j,
of the Chief Justice, whatever it is, is based
on an act of Parliament? j:
Mr. SUMNER. The original monopoly act Jl
of James I. j,
Mr. CARPENTER. So that the decision ;;
has no bearing here. We are making law, not j|
construing law; and the question now is ^
whether it is right for the Government to say ]
that if a man invents any machine or other j
valuable improvement or contrivance he shall ||
have a special property in it against everybody
but the Government. If that is a correct prin-
ciple in equity, there is no difficulty in cover-
ing it by law. Take the case of an invention
in ship-building, some contrivance or arrange-
ment valuable only in war, or an improvement ;j
in guns, something used only by the Govern-
ment. For the Government to say that it will !
pay nothing to the inventor for his invention ;
is to say that he shall have no compensation ,j
whatever for it. .
Mr. SUMNER. That very case is considered ;
by the chief justice in this decision, and he j
says that any other rule than that which he ]j
lays down would end in this : that the patentee ;j
might refuse to the Government the use of an /
important invention in time of war; that he jj
might give it to the enemy, sell it, if you please,
to the enemy, a«d refuse to sell it to his own \
Government. j
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow ,,
me, the Constitution, by indirection at least, j
gives our Government at all times, m peace or !
in war, the right to take any private property, ]
making compensation therefor. i
Mr. SUMNER. I did not say whether it j
was applicable here or not. I
Mr. CONKLING. But I say it would not j
be applicable here.
Mr. SUMNER. The question I want to
present to the Senate is whether the time has
not come for us, by legislation, to adopt sub-
stantially the principle which in England has
been adopted judicially. Now, I present the
question to the Senate. It is one of very con-
siderable importance. I know full well that it
cannot be discussed adequately without going
much further than I am disposed to go now,
or than in my thoughts I have ventured. It
might involve the consideration of the whole
question of patent laws, whether our whole
patent system is not founded in an error. I
do not venture to affirm that it is; but I think
no one can read the two works that I have in
my hand now, particularly the work of Mr.
Frederick Edwards, jr., entitled "On Letters-
Patent for Inventions," without feeling that
those who vindicate patents have got a very
considerable task before them.
Mr. CARPENTER. I appeal to the Sen-
ator to bring it up as a special case.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon
me for one moment; I am not going to intrude
upon the Senate. For instance, here in this
work is a very slight summary:
"It was the opinion of the late Sir M. I. Bru-
nei"—
He was one of the greatest inventors that
England has had of late—
"that patents are injurious alike to the inventor,
the public, and the manufacturer. lie was quite
right. They are injurious to the inventor, because
the field of invention is not freely open to him, be-
cause one man gets a privilege and precludes others,
and because, even the man who obtains the priv-
ilege, instead of reaping a sure success, though per-
haps not a very considerable one, is led on by the
hope of an uncertain success, but a great one, and
from a variety of causes, which may bo said to spring
only from his pa.tent, he may live only to die m
wretchedness, poverty, and shame.
" Patents are injurious to the public, because with
them the increased knowledge and enterprise of
thousands is not allowed to work with full freedom
for the good of the community."
Mr. CONKLING. Who says that?
Mr. SUMNER. I have just mentioned the
work:
"And tliey are injurious to the manufacturer, be-
cause he may not be able to use knowledge ho may
himself gain, because his course ot trade may be dis-
arianged by a privilege being in the hands of a com-
petitor, a,nd because he may bo unable to avail him-
self of all the knowledge which may result directly
or indirectly from the advances of science."
I merely read these few words upon the ques-
tion from this authority, not that I will follow
it, myself; nor do I mean to say that I adopt
the conclusions of this writer; but I must say
that after perusing the very careful and elab-
orate opinion of the chief justice of England,
and giving some attention to the question which
is stated in the amendment I have submitted,
I am inclined to believe that the chief justice
is right, and that it will be well for our coun-
try and our Government if by legislation it
puts its patent law in harmony with the pa,tent
law of England now as regulated by judicial
decisions.
Mr. CARPENTER. If we adopt those views
now, of course we need pass no such law as
this. It would destroy the whole patent system
of this country since the Government was
established.
Mr. SUMNER. To adopt the views of
Edwards, yes; but not to adopt the amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER. That knocks it pretty
badly.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator consider
that the decision in England has knocked the
patent system ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I consider that the sys-
tem in England has nothing whatever to do with
this discussion. I suppose that the chief justice
! there was discussing and construing the statute
of England, and the question was whether it
prohibited the use of a patent by the Crown.
It must have been on that. because the whole
patent law is a right given by statute,
j! Mr. SUMNER. Certainly; the wholepatent
ji law of England grows out of the statute of
ij James against monopolies. The patent law
is an exception carved out of the statute of
monopolies, as is well known to all lawyers.
Mr. WILLEY. Will the Senator allow me
to sav a word ?
M*SUMNER. Certainly. "
Mr. WILLEY. My connection with the
affairs of the Patent Office is bringing me very
much to the conclusion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, that the English system is, per-
haps, the best system. _ But I suggest to the
Senator whether the policy of the whole patent
law can be decided at this time. It will give
me very great pleasure if he will send a bill,
prepared with his mature deliberation and
learning, on that subject to the Committee on
Patents. We will give it our consideration.
But it is getting very late to-night, and we have
gone through all the matters on this bill on the
existing policy of the Government. Now, I
submit to him, would it not be better to bring
up so grave a question as this, striking at the
foundation of our patent system, as this does,
in a separate measure ?
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator mis-
understands me. I have made no suggestion
with regard to the principle of the patent laws.
Mr. WILLEY. But the very amendment
that the Senator presents will come properly
within the scope of his suggestion in regard to
those laws.
Mr. SUMNER. My amendment is pointed
simply to the right of the Government to use
inventions, whether the patentees allow it or
not.
Mr. WILLEY. A patentee cannot sue the
Government. He cannot make the Govern-
ment pay for using his patent unless it sees
proper to do so on a special bill; and that has
been done but very seldom.
Mr. SUMNER. If my friend, the chairman
of tlic committee, would rather that this amend-
ment I have sent to the Chair should not be
pressed on this bill 
Mr. WILLEY. I shall be obliged to the
Senator if he will not press it.
Mr. NYE. This is not the place for it.
Bring it in as a separate bill.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend is mistaken when
he says this is not the place for it, and that it
should come up as a separate bill. I insist that
this is the very place for it. But when I look at
the clock I know perfectly well that there is no
time before us to discuss the proposition,which
I recognize as new—one that has never been
debated in this Chamber. But then I most
sincerely invite the attention of the Senate to
it. I may be in error ; it may be that I have
been too much impressed by this judgment of
the chief justice, whom, you all know, is a
very able lawyer, one of the ablest common-
law lawyers, perhaps, that England or our own
country has ever had. Possibly I lay too much
stress upon his conclusion ; but it seems to me
that the conclusion he reached as a judge we
might reach as a Legislature.
Mr. CARPENTER. We might.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says, " We
might." I am sure we might; that is, we have
the power; and I am inclined to believe that it
would be well for us to come to that conclu-
sion. But I commend this question to the
attention of the Senate, and now withdraw the
amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed, and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
WESTERS DISTRICT OF WISCONSIN.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the Senate to
consider this evening, and pass, a little bill
local to Wisconsin, but of great importance to
us, being Senate bill No. 722. It will lead to
no debate, and I should like to have it passed
to-night.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
