1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1995
There is an express provision that if by-
attaching any new or subsequent condition, or
from any cause, the State shall not be restored,
and there shall not be an election within the
terms of the provision I read in the fore part of
the constitution, the officers first elected shall
continue to hold over if consistent with the
action of the Congress of the United States.
In other words, if we shall refuse to admit
Georgia, or put itoffuntil thenext winter or the
winter following, then there can be no election
next fall, but the officers elected shall under
the provisions of this section hold over and
continue in office until there is an election, if
that is not in conflict with some provision of
the law of the .United States.
Why, sir, the authority here is express.
They looked forward to some accident or some
contingency that should keep the State out of
the Union for awhile, or that might prevent an i
election within the two years; and they pro- !
vided for it expressly by saying that the officers 1
-elected at the first election shall hold their :
seats until such time as the difficulty is removed '
and new officers elected.
Then, Mr. President, taking all these clauses !
of the constitution of Georgia together, I state !
the true doctrine to be this ; in the first place j
it was not in contemplation of law that these
terms should begin until the State takes her
place in the Union and the government goes
into full operation; that Governor Bullock
does not become the Governor of Georgia until
the State is restored, and that he is now re-
garded and treated as the provisional governor
of that State, and that every officer of that
State is regarded as provisional until, in the
language of the act of 1867, the Senators and
Representatives of Georgia have taken the oath
of office in both branches of Congress.
The section that I first read authorizes the
time of election to be changed, authorizes it
to be postponed. The Senator says it cannot
be postponed beyond the two years. Well,
then, why provide that the members shall hold
their seats until their successors are elected
mid qualified, because they are already em-
powered to hold them for two years ? No, sir ;
it contemplates an election beyond the two
years, and that they shall hold them until their
successors are elected. We had full faith in
the spring of 1868 that Georgia was coming
right in. We did not expect this trouble. The
ordinance of the convention was adopted with
a view to it. The act of June 25, 18G8, was
with a view to it. And yet the framers of this
constitution supposed that there might be some
hitch in the matter, there might be some new
condition, there might be some contingency by
which the State would not be restored within
the time; and therefore they provided that
these officers shall hold over and continue in
office if not inconsistent with the authority of
the United States 
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me to ask a question?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I entertain, if I under-
stand the Senator precisely, the view lie does
of the effect of that constitution. 1 think that
by a fair construction of its language the elec-
tion may be put off by the Legislature for two
years or ten years, in their discretion. Now
what I want to know of the Senator from Indi-
ana is whether he thinks that is a republican
form of government which we can admit as a
State of the Union?
Mr. MORTON. The question ofmyfiiend
would not go to my argument, but it would go
to the validity of the provision itself. They
might have the power to put the election off,
and yet we may not presume that in the con-
struction of that power it would be abused.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me one ques-
tion further. 1 understand that the form of
government is a thing to be determined by
inspecting the constitution, and is entirely
apart from the probability of whether the power
will be abused or not. Now, the question is
not whether this might be abused, but whether
a constitution which contains a power granted
to the Legislature to perpetuate themselves
indefinitely is a constitutional form of govern-
ment which we can admit to the Union in accord-
ance with that provision of the constitution to
which I have alluded.
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
from Indiana will allow me a moment, I desire
to call the attention of the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin, in response to his own ques-
tion, to the act of Congress of June 25, 1868,
in the preamble of which I think he will find a
very distinct answer to thatquestion. This act
was passed after the constitution of Georgia
was adopted by the people just as it is now
before the Senate. The preamble declares:
"Whereas the people of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
have, in pursuance of the pro visions of an aetentitled
'An act for the more efficient government of the
rebel States,' passed March 2,1867, and the acts sup-
plementary thereto, fraraod constitutions of Stato
governmentwhieh are republican, and have adopted j
said constitutions by large majorities of the votes cast
at the elections held for the ratification or rejection
of the same: Therefore,
Be it enacted, &c. "
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me ask the Senator
from Michigan, on that point, if tie substance ■
of the bill does not contradict the preamble ? j
I am aware that recital is there ; but did not j
Congress afterward impose fundamental condi- j
tions upon that State, which they did under j
pretense of making it a republican form of I
government? i
Mr. HOWARD. I was merely aiding my j
friend from Indiana in giving a distinct answer !
to the distinct question of the Senator from j
Wisconsin. ;
Mr. CONKLING. As the honorable Senator :
from Indiana is quite willingto waita moment,
I should like to gather a little information too.
Suppose in place of being in the preamble this
recitation which the honorable Senator from
Michigan has read were in the body of the act,
as emphatically there as he could write it, and
suppose that afterward, upon a better view of
the constitution, we discovered an unmistakable
presence there anti-republican in form, does
the honorable Senator say that we should be
estopped from asserting the truth because in
ignorance of the truth there had been put into
even the body of an act of Congress something
to the contrary?
Mr. HOWARD. I should be very sorry to
see the Congress of the United States pleading
its own ignorance by way of a palliation of any
of its legislation. 1 suppose the recital of the
fact that this is a republican government in the
act of 1868 is simply and solely an expression
of the opinion of Congress that the constitution
of Georgia was republican. For that purpose,
and for that alone, I believe preambles are
inserted in bills merely as a statement of facts
or opinions of the legislative body. But at any
rate I suppose Congress at present must be held
tobe estopped from alleging thatthe constitution
of Georgia, whatever it is in its real character,
is not republican. We have said that it is
republican, and I cannot join in the plea of
ignorance just now by way of setting aside the
legislation of 1808.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator from
Michigan allow me to ask him one question? I
desire to ask the Senator from Michigan, for
the benefit of those of us who were not in this
body when that law was passed, whether if the
mere fact that the attention of the Senate was
not directed to this provision at that time, and
that recital was in the bill, estops the old Sen-
ators, it estops the new ones who were not able
to put themselves on record at that time? In
other words, if we are convinced to-day that
this constitution is not republican inform, are
we justified in point of conscience in voting to
admit a State into the Union because that
recital crept by inadvertence into the former
act?
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose that every con-
il stituency, whether embracing prospective Sen-
ators and Representatives or not, must be held
to be bound by the action of their representa-
tives in Congress. *
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, suppose we
admit now, for the sake of the argument, that
the provision is anti-republican. We have
assumed the authority, I believe, in reference
to one or two constitutions, of requiring them
to agree to strike out certain provisions that
we regarded as obnoxious or improper; but I
might ask the Senator from Wisconsin whether
we have ever assumed the authority heretofore
of filling up the place by a new provision or
making a new provision in a State constitution?
Suppose that the Senator insists now that this
part of the constitution of Georgia shall be
stricken out, I ask him what authority we have
to put in its place a, provision requiring them
to hold an election next fall? We have no
right to do that.
Mr. CARPENTER. Does the Senator wish
me to reply to that?
Mr. MORTON. I am willing that the Sen-
nfAH Bho 11 VOKlltr
Mr. CARPENTER. I take it the Senator
and myself in a former discussion have shown
that we agreed fully to the proposition that
Congress could do anything and everything
which was necessary to secure to the people
of a State a republican form of government.
If we find, then, aparticular provision in the
constitution of a State, which in its practical
operation would make that government anti-
republican, no Senator has asserted more
broadly than the Senator from Indiana the
power of Congress to do anything necessary
to prevent that unconstitutional effect.
Now, if the Senator will permit me a word
more, this Bingham amendment, so called, does
not meet the difficulty. I confess that. But
so far as it goes, I suggest for reflection—not
for the purpose of expressing any opinion of
my own—is it not in the direction of providing
that at least for one year this shall be a repub-
lican form of government, and trusting to the
prudence of the people afterward to keep it so
in its practical operation and effect, though the
latent power to make it otherwise may be
reserved in the Constitution?
Mr. MORTON. I have claimed the power
very broadly for Congress to supervise the
action of the States; but no word or argument
of mine can be pointed to where I have
claimed that the United States have a right to
make a constitution for a State. While we
might have the power to prevent them from
altering where they come in as a condition upon
their constitution, yet we have no power to
strike out a clause and insert one in its place;
and here is a proposition to strike out a clause
and to insert another in its place, requiring
them to have an election next fall. That is
outside of any power that has ever been claimed
in the Senate before; and as I said to the Sen-
ator from Illinois, while he has argued stren-
uously against fundamental conditions all the
time, he has finally asserted a broader and more
radical power in Congress than any other Sen-
ator in this body, by asserting that we have a
right to make a clause and put it into a State
constitution, and require them to hold an elec-
tion next fall, where the constitution does not
require it and says they may put it off.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator must havo
misunderstood me if he understood me to say
that the constitution did not require it. _ I insist
that the constitution of Georgia and its ordi-
nance are plain enough, that they do require
the election next fall; and I say that we have
a right to insist that they do not violate their
own constitution and set up a government that
he admits to be anti-republican.
Mr. MORTON. I have not made any such
admission, as it so happens. I have argued
that the term of these officers does not begin
until the State is restored.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, we disagree about
that. In stating my position it is right to say
that I do not agree with the Senator, lbe
