1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3883
those doubts would have been removed after
I had listened to the torrent of declamation
against the bill from gentlemen learned in
the law and not wanting in knowledge of the
rights of the people and of the rights of the
States. No man, sir, who gave attention to
this discussion could gather from the utter-
ances of a single gentlemau who lifted his voice
in denunciation of this bill wherein it invades
any right of any citizen or any reserved right
of any State. We heard, Mr. Speaker, from
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] a
great deal about informers, and that gentle-
man, failing to reach by his own powers the
height of the great argument on that subject,
must needs draw, and did draw, upon the imper-
ishable words of Curran, without stopping to
inquire what Curran meant.
Sir, that great man from whom the gentleman
read was at once the ornament and the pride of
the profession of the law ; but in no utterance
of his that ever came down to us was he weak
enough or wicked enough to intimate that his
burning and immortal words impaling the in-
former could apply to the citizen of any coun-
try who appealed to the tribunals of justice
for ihe vindication of a right denied to him,
or for the redress of a wrong inflicted upon
him. Is a citizen to bo declared infamous
and perjured who appeals to his country's tri-
bunals of justice to enforce his violated rights
or to redress the wrongs inflicted upon him?
So much, sir, for that " sound and fury, signi-
fying nothing," about informers!
What more, sir, have yon heard from these
gentlemen, so urgent here ill demanding the
attention of the House to their fierce invective
against this bill or any kindred enactment?
Why, sir, that the negro is to be crushed be-
tween the upper and the nether millstone by
the proposed legislation, and in the next breath
you are told that by the proposed legislation
you glorify the negro at the expense of the
poor white man. There is logic for you!
Gentlemen seem to intimate that this bill pro-
tects the elective franchise only in citizens of
color, as they are called ; they intimate that
the equal right of the citizen of the United
States to vote, having like qualifications under
the laws of the several States, is not protected
by it from disfranchisement on account of race !
Sir, men will look in vain for a single utterance
from any gentleman who puts forth this un-
considered denunciation of the bill for a singlo
reference t,o any line in it that justifies their
denunciation.
Mr. MAYHAM. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir ; I do not yield ;
I have but fifteen minutes for the discussion
of this question that involves many and im-
portant interests of the people of this country.
Mr. Speaker, every section of this bill ap-
plies alike to all citizens of the United States,
irrespective of color, race, or previous condi-
tion of servitude, who are or shall be otherwise
qualified to vote ; and yet the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] in the fury of his ex-
citement, ventured to say in the presence of
this House that the penalties of the bill do not
apply and could not be applied where a white
citizen shall be denied his right to vote under
color, if you please, of State constitutions or
State laws, on account of race! Is there any
man who will calmly and deliberately so stul-
tify himself as to say that upon the enactment
into law of this bill by the Congress of the
United States any State of this IJiron can
thereafter lawfully deny on account of race the
right to vote to any white citizen of the Uni-
ted States resident therein and otherwise hav-
ing the qualifications required by such State
ot voters? Does this bill propose, in the inter-
ests of white citizens, not to impose the same
restraint on the majority of the people of South
Carolina, who are colored, as upon the major-
ity of the people of New York, who are white?
So much for the fairuess of the presentation
of that objection, that white citizens are not
protected.
Again, Mr. Speaker, as if the learned gen-
tlemen had gone mad in the discussion of this
question, they seek to alarm the public fears
and to.excite the public prejudices by talking
of " consolidation." Mr. Speaker, were these
gentlemen ignorant of the fact that the very
word which they employ this day in condemna-
tion of this bill is the very word employed by
those mighty men whom God taught to build
for glory and for beauty, and who framed the
majestic fabric of American empire ? When
they had completed their work and submitted
it to the Congress of the United States, under
the Confederation, to be referred to the people
of the several States for approval or rejection,
in their address the fathers of the Republic
declared that in framing the Constitution of
government they had kept steadily in view the
''consolidation" of the Union.
Do gentlemen in the frenzy of the moment
propose to invade the grave and profane the
sacred dust of Washington, of Franklin, and
of Hamilton for daring to provide and declare
for the consolidation of the Union by force of
the Constitution? Limited, sir, as I am in
time, I but call attention to the weighty words
of those great men. The constitutional Con-
vention unanimously, on submitting the Con-
stitution to the Congress of the United States
to be referred to the people, declared:
" \\re have now the honor to submit to tlio consid-
eration of the United States in Congress assembled
the Constitution which has appeared to us the most
advisably" : " *'
" In all our deliberations on this subject we kept
steadily in our viow that which appears to us the
greatest interest of every true American—the con-
solidation of our Union, in which is involved, our
prosperity, felicity, safety, perhaps our national
existence."
What is our Union, sir, but that unity of
government which makes tho great people who
cover this continent one people ; who have but
one country, one Constitution, and one des-
tiny? What is our Union but that, political
combination of which it may be said the Con-
stitution is the breath of its life? What is our
Union but that more perfect consolidated
Union to form which, under the guidance
of Washington and his illustrious associates,
the people ordained the Constitution ? Yet
gentlemen deprecate a consolidated Union.
Against this bill they cry, "Consolidation!
Consolidation!" Consolidation to do what?
Consolidation to enforce the Constitution of
the Union for the safety of the Union; con-
solidation to enforce the guarantied rights
of the humblest citizens of this land for the
perpetuity of the Constitution of the Union.
Why, sir, I remember a time, not very long
ago, when I heard gentlemen on this floor in
the excitement of debate declarc that it was
unconstitutional to defend the Constitution,
and now to-day wo are taught the new lesson
that it is unconstitutional to enforce the Con-
stitution.
On that point we have had the learned and
profound utterances of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Cox,] supported, as the gen-
tleman alleges, by the great name of Jeremy
Bentham. "Does not the gentleman know that
Jeremy Bentham was wise enough an'd learned
enough to understand that a law is utterly
worthless—worth, at most, no more than the
parchment on which it is written—without a
sanction? Yet the gentleman complains here
because the Representatives of the people of
the United States provide in this bill penal
sanctions to enforce its prohibitions, and
thereby make answerable at the bar of the
courts of the United States any person who
by threat, intimidation, or violence shall at-
tempt to interfere with the lawful exercise of
the ballot by any citizen of the United States
in any State of the Union.
The gentleman grow eloquent when he talked
of liberty. He is not unread in the history
of tho human race; he is not unread in the
history of those struggles in which men have
glorified hum%n nature and attested their
claim to immortality by .vindicating their right
to civil and religions liberty. I pray that gen-
tleman to inform this House, when he again
speaks on that subject, when or where liberty
found a refuge upon this planet save under
the shelter of law—law enforced by sanctions.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, Not under an enipire.
Mr. BINGHAM. "An empire I" The word
"empire," sir, has no terrors for me when
applied to that empire whose scepter is knowl-
edge and whose power is the ballot in the
hands of freemen—the empire of reason, the
empire of justice, asserted by freemen through
written law for the equal protection of them-
selves and the protection as well of the
" stranger within their gates."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. This bill establishes the
empire of despotism; and that is what the
gentleman is advocating.
Mr. BINGrHAM. I decline to be further
interrupted by the gentleman. I have said
enough to show that the sum total of tho out-
cry against this bill is that by it the equal rights
of the people of this country are to be enforced,
for the first time in the history of the Republic,
by a national statute and by the whole power
of the Union and of the people of all the
States. It is to be made a crime hereafter for
men, by violence or intimidation, to interfere
with that right "formidable to tyrants only "—
the right of an unrestrained ballot in the hands
of freemen.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Under the sword!
Mr. _ BINGHAM. "Under the sword!"
There is no such word in the bill. The gentle-
man had better undertake to gibbet in infamy
the memory of the founders of the Republic,
who gave us the example of this legislation by
enacting under the administration of Washing-
tonthe very same provision that is incorporated
in this bill—the only provision in it which
authorizes the employment of military force.
Talk about "the sword!" Sir, the sword is
well enough when needful as the avenger of the
wrongs inflicted upon a free people.
I do not forget in this discussion that grand
utterance which, when the American people
first struck for independence and self-govern-
ment, they borrowed from England's martyred
hero, Sydney, graved it on their guns, and read
it in the lurid light of battle, "Resistance to
tyrants is obedience to God." I repeat it,
"Resistance to tyrants is obediencc to God,"
even though that resistance be made with the
sword, with shot and shell and bayonet.
Let the people speak by the ballot unawed.
Let them exercise their equal right to the bal-
lot, that power under which your Constitution
was ordained, by which your Constitution has
been maintained, by which your Congresses
are chosen, by which your armies are organ-
ized and supported, and by which your tribu-
nals of justice are established. We propose
to enforce that right; and by the help of the
American people we will do it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The time allowed for
debate has expired.
Mr. STILES. I move that the report be
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order. Nothing is.in order except the vote on
agreeing to the conference report.
Mr. COX. On that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I supposed it was in order to move tc
la.y the bill on the table.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is not a dilatory
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides thai
the motion is not in order under the agreement
made yesterday.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was one of the parties
to that agreement, and I never _ supposed we
would not have the right to kill the bill by
laying it on the table. .
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
the motion to lay on the table is in its nature
