1996
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
March 16,
Senator undertook to show my inconsistency
by saying that I was putting into the constitu-
tion of Georgia sometWing; but if he under-
takes to state my position he must take I lie
other part of it, that I insist we do not put
anything in.
Mr. MORTON. I now come to another
point; and talking about republican govern-
ments, I should like to ask any candid mind
if it can be regarded as entirely republican
that officers who have been elected, and a
State govern tnent that has been formed, which
has been virtually deposed for nearly two years,
has been overcome by fraud and violence—I
ask if it is republicanism, and I ask if it is
just to have the time while they have been
virtually deposed, overcome by violence and
fraud, taken out of their term?
Shall men take advantage pftheir own wrong?
That is the great question ? These parties now
propose to take advantage of their own wrong.
Having held this government until within a
few weeks past by force and i'raud, they ask
that the term shall be allowed to run all the
time; that they shall have the benefit of it;
and that an election shall be hurried on while
they have ail the advantages, and which would
result in puttiug out of power the Union men
of Georgia, downtrodden, oppressed, suffering
every outrage that men can suffer in a land that
claims to be civilized. Shall they be turned
over bound into the hands of their enemies?
No, sir; there is no justice, there is no repub-
licanism in the claim.
Since the election in 18G8 the loyal men of
Georgia have had no power to protect them-
selves by the laws of that State. The history
of Georgia for tin: last eighteen months pre-
sents annals ot outrage, of blood, such as can
scarcely be found in any country in tho world.
Murders by the hundred have been committed
with perfect impunity, the murderers going
abroad at noonday "unwhipped of justice,"
not arrested, defying the friends and the fami-
lies of tho men who have been murdered. And
while this has been going on we are still asked
to take another step, not in the direction of
justice and of protection, but to favor the power
of tho men who have done this thing, Sir,
what is tho condition resulting from this?
1 have seen a letter to-day from the Governor
of North Carolina, m which ho says that he has
invoked the power of the President to protect
life and property in the old North State, that
has been one of the most pcaceable States of
the South. The Governor of Tennessee has
applied to the President tor aid. And now,
while murders and outrages still stalk abroad
in the State of Georgia, wc are asked to take
a step directly in the interest of the rebels, and
require these men without protection, without
time for preparation, to go into an election
which they claim will place the power in the
bauds of their enemies. Every unrepentant
rebel in tho land is exultant over the passage
of the Bingham amendment. It is regarded as
being in the interest of the southern wing and
the extreme wing of the Democratic party,
while ( have attempted to show to-day that it
is in violation of law, is in violation of justice,
is in violation of the plainest dictates of right
and humanity.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I shall
detain the Senate but a short time with what
little I have to say on this subject—
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator give way
to allow me to move for an executive session?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let ine appeal to tho
Senator from Oregon not to make that motion
ut this hour. If we have but one speech a day
on the Georgia hill, when shall we get through?
It seems to me wo had better progress with it
an hour longer.
Mr. SUMNER. Wc have had two good
speeches.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose we have hut
two a day. I do not know how many gentle-
men are going to speak. I think we had better
not go into executive session now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Oregon withdraw his motion ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think I ought to insist
on the motion. It is of course improper for
me to state any reasons for it at this time ; but
the reasons are known to the Senate. I insist
on the motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spent in executive
session, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wedxesday, March 16, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock in, Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
correction of tub journal.
Mr. ARCHER. I desire to make a cor-
rection of the Journal. I yesterday voted for
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] to the Texas bill. I am
recorded as voting against it.
The Journal as corrected was approved.
congressional pay.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a report from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a letter ad-
dressed bytheSergeant-at-Armstotlie Speaker
of the House, dated December 1C, 1860, ask-
ing for a construction of the law of 1850 relat-
ing to the deduction from the pay of members
on account of absences.
The report, which was read, states that, in
tho opinion of the committee, the act of 1856,
which requires a per diem deduction from the
pay of members on account of absences being
intended as a forfeiture to compel tho attend-
ance. of members who were already sworn into
their seats, has no application to such as were
not admitted to seats, and that no deduction
shall be made on that account. This conclu-
sion, however, is not to be construed so as to
allow compensation to the Representatives of
States admitted under the acts of reconstruc-
tion for any period of time prior to their elec-
tion under such acts.
Mr. PETERS. I move the acceptance of
the report.
The SPEAKER. The question is on ac-
ccptiug the repot t as the construction of the
House upon this point.
The report was agreed to.
sword 05 general m0ntg0jie11y.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter from the Secretary of State
and accompanying papers; which were read,
as follows:
Devaetment op State,
Washington, March o, 1870.
Sik: 1 have tho honor to transmit herewit, for
such action ns your oommitteo may deem advisable,
a copy of dispatch No. 58, Irom tho United States
consul at Quebec, dated 23d ultimo, and of its inclo-
surc, tlio latter being a communication from Sir. J,
Thompson narrower in relation to the sword of
Genera! Montgomery, claimed to be in his possession,
and which he is willing to dispose ot to the United
States.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
HAMILTON FISH.
Hon. joiik A. PetRhs, Chairman of the Joint Com-
mittee on, the Library, Howie of Representatives.
United Status Consulate,
QuEBiC, February 23,1S70.
Sir : I havo the honor to inoloso herewith a copy
of a letter dated February 21,1870, addressed to me
by J. Thompson Harrower, esq., oi this city, convey-
ing tile information that ho is in possession of tho
sword of General Montgomery, and that he is willing
to dispose of the same.
II is an historical fact that the sword of Montgomery
was taken from his side on the morning of the 1st of
January, 1776, by the grandfather of Mr. Harrower,
Mr. James Tnompson, then the engineer officer in
charge of the fortifications atQuebeo, andthatit has
since that time remained in theThompson family.
It is no less truo that this family have everreiused
to dispose of this sword till the present time, and X
take groat pleasure in complying with Mr. Harrow-
or's request to bring the case under tho notice of the
United States Government, which I now have the
honor to do through tho State Department.
I am, &o„ CHARLES ROBINSON,
United States Consul,
Hon. Hamilton Fish, Secretary of State.
Quebec, February 21,1870.
Dear Sie : Would you please bring under the
notice of your Government the fact thatl am in pos-
session and would bo willing to dispose of the sword
worn by the brave but unfortunato Montgomery, in
his unsuccessful assault on Quebec, on the night of
the 31st of December, 1775, or rather the morning of
tho 1st of January, 1776?
My grandfather, Mr. James lhompson, was tho
engineer officer in charge of the fortifications at that
particular time, and was present when tho bodies of
tho general and his two aids-de-camp were found.
Tho weapon in question was taken from his (tho gen-
eral's) side, and has ever since remained in the care-
ful custody of our family, who have documentary
evidence to establish its identity.
As the name of Montgomery is one which every
true American delights to honor, and as a warrior
canleave behind him no more suggestive monument
than his sword, I feel convinced that the American
Government, when made aware of the foregoing
facts, will lose no time in obtaining possession of a
valuable relic of one whose gallant death sheds a
luster on the arms of his country.
X am, &c.,
J. THOMPSON HARROWER.
Colonel Charles Robinson, Consul <tt Quebec, &c.
Mr. PETERS. I move that these papers
be referred to the Committee on the Library,
and be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
committee on revolutionary claims.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Accounts:
Ilesolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be allowed a clerk lor tho balance of tho
session at tho usual compensation.
collision of oneida and bombay.
Mr. BURR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Ilesolved, That tho Secretary of tho Navy be, and
is hereby, instructed and directed to communicate
to this House such information as he may have in
his office relating to the recent catastrophe whereby
the United States steam-vessel Oneida was sunk by
collision with the British vessel Bombay.
election contest—--hunt vs. sheldon.
Mr. STEVENSON, from the Committee of
Elections, submitted a report in the case of
Caleb S. Hunt, claiming the seat now occu-
pied in the Forty-First Congress by Lionel A.
Sheldon, as Representative from the second
district of Louisiana. The resolutions accom-
panying the report were read, as follows:
Ilesolved, That Caleb^ S. Hunt is not entitled tc a
scat as Representative in the Forty-First Congress
from the second district of Louisiana.
Ilesolved, That Lioxel A. Sheldon is entitled to
his seat as Representative in the Forty-First Con-
gress from the second district of tho Stata of Louisi-
ana.
Mr. STEVENSON. I give notice that this
case will be called up on next Wednesday after
the morning hour, or as soon afterward as the
business of the House will permit. I desire
to ask that the minority have leave to make a
report.
Mr. KERR. I wish to present a report on
behalf of the minority of the committee in the
samo case, to be printed in conjunction with
the report of the majority of the committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. We want this printed
now, as the report cf the minority may not be
ready for some time.
Mr. KERR. I ask that the majority report
may not be printed until the report of the
minority is ready, which will be day after
to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will agree that the
report shall not he distributed until tho other
has had time to be made.
Mr. KERR. I ask that they shall be printed
together.
The SPEAKER. That will not control the
Public Printer.
Mr. STEVENSON. We shall see that the
agreement shall be fully complied with, that
one shall not be distributed before the other.
The SPEAKER. The reports ought not to
