4828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24>
sidev the bill (S. No. 722) to establish the
western judicial district of Wisconsin. That
portion of the State of Wisconsin compris-
ing the counties of Rock, Jefferson, pane,
Green, Grant,"Columbia, Iowia, La Fayette,
Sauk. Richland, Crawford, Vernon, La Crosse,
Monroe, Adams, Juneau, Buffalo, Chippewa,
"Dunn, Clark, Jackson, Eau Claire, Pepin,
Marathon, Wood, Pierce, Polk, Portage, St.
Croix, Trempealeau, Douglas, Barron, Bur-
nett, Ashland,.and Bayfield, are hereafter to
constitute a new judicial district, to be called
the western district of Wisconsin, and the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States for
the western district of Wisconsin are to beheld
at the city of Madison and at the city of La
Crosse. The remaining counties of the State of
Wisconsin are to constitute the eastern district
of Wisconsin. There are to be appointed a dis-
trict judge for the western district of Wiscon-
sin, at an annual salary of $3,500; a marshal
and a district attorney of the United States for
the western district of Wisconsin, who shall
respectively receive such fees and compensa-
tion, arid exercise such powers and perform
such duties as are fixed and enjoiued by law.
The circuit and district judges are to appoint
two clerks, each of whom shall be clerks both
of the circuit and district courts for the western
district, one of whom shall reside and keep his
office at the city of Madison, and the other shall
reside and keep his office at the city of La
Crosse, who shall receive the fees and compen-
sation for services performed by them, respect-
ively, now fixed by law.
Mr. COLE. 1 am very much in favor of
this bill, and 1 am glad that the policy has not
been fully established of creating no more dis-
trict courts in the country. We are Very much
in need of one in the State of California.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
INCOME TAX—GEOUQE E, COOPER.
Mr. STOCKTON. I rise to a personal ex-
planation, and I believe this is the first time I
have ever risen in the Senate to a personal
explanation.
The Senate insist upon keeping us up until
twelve o;clock night after night. Going home
in the cars last night I consulted one of the
best parliamentarians in this body as to what
would come up this morning, and his opinion
was that the regular order, if I understood him,
at least I so interred, would be the Southern
Pacific railroad bill. Coming up to the Senate
at rather a late hour this morning I found.that
I had some committee work on band, which I
attended to, and came into the Senate and
found that I was too late to record iny vote
against the income tax. I simply desire to put
myself on recoid, to say that on a previous
occasion when the question was up I said what
I thought right, and was interrupted by the
Senator from Maine, pronouncing this tax
to be false in principle as well as very bad
in practice. I should have voted against it
to-day if I had not been unintentionally ab-
sent-
Now, sir, in connection with this personal
explanation, I beg to say that I have in my
hand House joint resolution No. 231, author-
izing George E. Cooper,'of the United States
Army, to accept a gift from the Government
of France, in acknowledgment of services ren-
dered ; and I should like very much to have
it taken up and passed now. [Laughter.]
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
siderthejointresolution. It authorizes George
E. Cooper, surgeon United Stales Army, to
accept from the French Government a gold
watch and chain, in acknowledgment of ser-
vices by him rendered in July, 18G9, to the
erew of the French imperial corvette Curieux.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, rend the third time, and passed.
CONSTRUCTION 01? BOUNTY LAWS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senate to give
me two minutes to get through a bill that the
Second Auditor has been pressing me for some
time to get acted upon. It is very important.
It is House bill No. 467, in regard to bounties.
The Supreme Court has made a decision on
the subject recently, and it is very important
that this bill should pass. It is House bill No.
467, and I think will not take more than two
minutes.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 4G7) to repeal section
four of the act of March 1809, entitled "An
act in relation to additional bounties, and for
other purposes," and for other purposes.
The Committee on'Military Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, which was to
strikeout the second section after the enacting
clause and insert the following in lieu thereof:
That all soldiers who wore mustered into tlie ser-
vice of tho United States for throe years, between
the 4th day of May and the22dday of July, 1801, and
who were honorably discharged before serving two
yeais, by reason of disability contracted in the ser-
vice, are entitled to reoeivo S100 bounty.
Mr. COLE. I move to amend
Mr. STEW ART. Will the Senator give way ?
Mr. COLE. Let. my amendment be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment pending.
Mr. COLE. Then I will offer mine as an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Let the amendment of the
committee be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. The amend-
ment of the committee is to strike out the sec-
ond section and insert other words.
Mr. CONKLING. Will not the Senator
from Massachusetts tell us how much this hill
involves, how much it adds to the present
appropriation ?
Mr. WILSON. The Supreme Court made
a decision in regard to the regiments called out
by proclamation of the President and what
they were entitled to : and this bill carries out
the decision of the Supreme Court.
Mr. CONKLING. What regiments?
Mr. WILSON. .About eighty regiments,
called out before the legislation of Congress in
July, 1801; called out under the proclamation
of the President.
Mr. CONKLING. Three-months' men?
Mr. WILSON.- No ; the regiments called
out and embodied as three-years' men.
Mr. CONKLING. llow much money is
there in the bill ?
Mr. WILSON. Very little.
Mr. CONKLING. Cannot the Senator give
an idea of it?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot tell certainly. The
Second Auditor thought there were about four
thousand applications.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 should like to know what
amount the bill involves.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have my amend-
ment reported.
- The Chief Clhuk. At the end of the words
proposed to be inserted by the Committee on
Military Affairs the Senator from California
[Mr. Cot.h] moves to add :
PtmuiJpd, That section seven of the act of March
2,18G7, entitled "An act malting appropriations for
the support of the Array tor the year ending June
30, 1863, and for other purposes," is hereby amended
so as to include such volunteers therein mentioned
as were mustered out by reason of expiration of ser-
vice, or who were honorably dischargedfor any cause
whatever, in the Territories of Arizona, Utah, New
Mexico, or other points distantmore than three hun-
dred miles trom tho place of enlistment.
Mr. WILSON. If that is going to be put on
we may as well drop the whole. I find I can-
not get any measure through here without being
embariassed in this way.
Mr. COLE. This is merely to correct a
verbal mistake.
Mr. WILSON. Then, why not bring it as a
measure by itself and have it go to a com-
mittee ?
Mr. COLE. It has been before the Senator's
committee for a long time. I have been there
again and again, and can get no relief.
Mr. WILSON. The committee -has not
reported it. We will take the matter-up and
consider it; but why put it in here? - •
Mr. COLE. I should be very glad to have
it considered as a separate proposition if I
could get it considered by the committee of
which the Senator is chairman. It is merely
to correct a mistake in the law which precludes
some soldiers from receiving pay for their
traveling expenses home when they were dis-
charged for other reasons than the expiration
of their term of service. The intention of the
law originally was to cover this class of men;
hut by an inadvertence, by leaving out a word
in the law as it originally passed.in 1887, they
are unable to get their pay.
Mr. NYE. If the amendment is to go on
at all I want it to include Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to submit a re-
quest to the Senate, that Monday evening be
set apart for the consideration of two railroad
bills, the Texas Pacific railroad and the At-
lantic and Pacific.
Mr. THURMAN. Let me suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
and to the Senate that, by unanimous consent,
we agree to take up his bill to morrow morn-
ing in the morning hour. It is a bill that will
give rise to some investigation and inquiry.
Now, why, by unanimous consent, can. we not
agree to that ?
Mr. SUMNER. I want to have a vote on
the Cuban resolutions.
Mr. FOWIJER. I appeal to the Senator
from Massachusetts to let this bill go over.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; let it go over;
and if we can get it up to-morrow morning,
very well; if not, the Senate must take the
responsibility.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
he laid aside.
COURTS IN INDIANA.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask consent to pass a
bill that relates to the courts in Indiana, which
has been reported by the Committee on 'the
Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio asks consent to postpone the pres-
ent and all other orders for the purpose of
taking up House bill No. 230. Is there any
objection?
Mr. NYE. Is there any land in it?
Mr. THURMAN. _ Not a bit.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill (H. li. No. 230) to require
the holding of additional district and circuit
courts of the United States in the district of
Indiana, and for other purposes. It provides
that in addition to the terms of the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the dis-
trict of Indiana, now required to be held at the
city of Indianapolis, terms of the courts shall
hereafter be held at the city of New Albany,
commencing on the first Mondays of January
and July of each year, and at the city of Evaus-
ville, commencing on the first Mondays of
February and August in each year.
Tho Committee on the Judiciary reported an
amendment, to insert at the end of section seven
the following:
And provided further. That said additional courts
shall not be held as aforesaid at tho places aforesaid
until toe board of commissioners of the counties in
which said cities of New Albany and Bvansville are
respectively situated shall have agreed, by orders in
duo form entered upon their records respectively,
that said board, m each county aforesaid, will sup-
ply, without any charge whatever against the United
blates, suitable court-rooms in which to hold said
additional terms of said courts ;.and said eourtsshall
not be held it such rooms are not so provided, and
duly authenticated copies of said orders shall be filed
in the omceot tho clerk of the district courts afore-
said at Indianapolis.
The amendment was agreed to.
TIic bill was reported to the Senate 3,3 amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred In. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed and
