1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2941
kiss, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketoham, knapp, L fLin, Law-
rence, Loughridse, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy,
McOrarv. McKce, Mercur, William Moore, Morphis,
Myers, O'Neill, Packard, Peck, Peters, Phelps,
Potter, linndn 11, Sargent, Sawyer, Sehenck, John
A. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stiles, 'l'anncr, Townsend, Twicholl, Tyner, \\ urd,
Cadwalader 0. Washburn. William B. Washburn,
Wells, and Williams—67.
MOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beck,
Biscgs, Boles, Booker, Bowen. Boyd, George M.
Brooks, Buck. Burdett, Burr, Benjamin P. Butler,
Calkin, Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke,
Cleveland, Conner, Crebbs, Davis, Dickinson, Duval,
Dyer. Ela, Fox. llnldeman, Hambleton, llay, Ilays,
Ueaton.Ilogc, Jenckes. Alexander II. Jones, Julian,
Ui^h, Mayh.im, Motirew, McKen^ie, Milnes, Jesse
]f. .'Moore. Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Munpen,
Negrlcy, Perce. Piatt, Poland, Porter, Prosser,
Reeves, Rice. Itidpwny, Roots, Sanford, Sehumaker,
Porter Sheldon, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith,
Stevenson, Stone, Taylor, Van Horn, Van Trump,
Whitmore, Wilkinson, and John T. Wilson—74.
So the motion was agreed to.
And thereupon, (at four o'clock and five
minutes p. in.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr, ARCHER: The petition of Nathaniel
Leithiser, of Havre de Grace, Maryland, pray-
ing relief.
By Mr. BUCK: The petition of A. N.Jones
and others, for a post route to be established
from Evergreen to Cokerville, Alabama.
By Mr. DONLEY: The petition of J. J.
Anderson, of Rochester, Pennsylvania, asking
for a reuewal of his patent for an improved
cooking stove.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Charles Colburn for compensation
for services as a yeoman in the Navy.
By Mr. McCARTHY: A petition of 175 busi-
ness firms and individuals of Syracuse, New
York, against the passage of the funding bill
in its present form. That it would disturb and
unsettle the condition of the national bank-
ing system. Against any contraction of the
legal-tender currency. Also, against any at-
tempt to force a loan upon the banks, unset-'
tiing their condition and materially affecting
the business of the country.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Rev,.
Jonathan L. Mann, of Knoxville, Tennessee,
late chaplain ninth regiment Tennessee vol-
unteer cavalry, praying compensation for liis
services as such officer.
By Mr. SARGENT: The memorial of Isaiah
Lees and Henry H. Ellis, of San Francisco, Cal-
ifornia, graying for compensation for services
as detectives.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of John L.
Bruce and others, citizens of Hartford, Con-
necticut, for abrogation of legacy and succes-
sion taxes.
By Mr. WTLLARD: The petitions of Rus-
sell G. Sherman, Austin A. Rowell, and Henry
A Lincoln, praying for bills to return commu-
tation money.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 25, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
private land claims in new mexico.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit a joint resolution from the House of
Representatives, which was submitted on Friday
last, but the Senator from Oregon, the chair-
man of the committee to whom it was proposed to
have it referred, stated that they had examined
it and desired the Senate to pass it at once. It
wiU be reported in full, subject to objection.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 116) to con-
strue an act entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act to confirm certain private land
elaimi in the Territory of New Mexico,'" was
read. It provides that so much of the act
approved February 25, 18G9, as requires that
derivative claimants from Vigil and St. Vrain
shall establish their claims to the satisfaction
of the register and receiver of the proper land
district within one year from the passage of
the act, shall be so construed as to authorize
the presentation of the derivative claims within
one year from the approval of subdivisional
surveys contemplated by the act of February
25,18t>9. All settlers entitled by the act to the
rights of preemption or homestead are to have
the further time of thirty days after notice in
their favor of their respective claims to file
their declaratory statements as to preemptors,
or to make entry under homestead laws, as they
may select.
The joint resolution was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that this joint
resolution is in the interestof the settlers upon
these lands, and a similar bill has been care-
fully considered by the Committee on Private
Land Claims of the Senate and reported back,
and is now on the Calendar. This joint reso-
lution passed the House on Friday last, and if
there be no objection I hope it will be disposed
of now. It simply provides that the settlers
upon these lands shall have a year from the
time when the surveys are completed within
which to preempt and purchase their lands,
instead of a year from the passage of the act,
because it is probable the surveys could not be
completed within a year from the passage of
the act, so as to enable the settlers to avail
themselves of their claims.
The jointresolution was reported to the Sen-
j ate without amendment, ordered to a third
j reading, read the third time, and passed.
{ house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 387) for the relief of
Charles Pitcher, and the bill (H. R. No. 1831)
j to confirm the title to the liancho del Rio
Grande, in New Mexico, to the heirs and legal
representatives of the original grantees thereof,
were severally read twice by their titles, and'
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of
an appropriation for the completion of the im-
provement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
, He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Iowa, in favor of a grant of land to
aid in the construction of a railroad from some
point on the Missouri river between the paral-
lel of forty-two and a half degrees north lati-
tude and the mouth of the Niobrara river to
the Pacific ocean, via the city of Helena, Mon-
tana ; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr, PO OL presented the petitions of William
R. Young, Buncombe county, North Carolina;
of 11. W. Allison, Cabarras county, North
Carolina; of James R. Duty, Granville county,
North Carolina; of R. K. Speed, Pasquotank
county, North Carolina; of R. W. Logan,
Rutherford county, Virginia; of William A.
Walker, John W. McCauley, James W. Lee,
and Andy Murray, jr., Alamance county,
North Carolina ; of Nathan Scoggin, Ruther-
ford county, North Carolina ; of Thomas P.
Paschall, Warren county, North Carolina; of
Rufus H. Slater, Wake county, North Caro-
lina; of W. F. Drake, Jackson county, North
Carolina; of Edmund J. Barco, Elijohutcity,
North Carolina; of R. A. McLaughlin, Ire-
dell county, North Carolina, and of Nicholas
Peebles, Jackson county, North Carolina,
praying the removal of their political disabil-
ities ; which were referred to the select Com- ;
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili- !
ties. I
He also presented the petition of C. A. Car- I
olton and others, of North Carolina, in behalf
of James H. Stevenson, of that State, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee ou
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
I of Robert Speer, Barlow county, Georgia; of
George N. Forbes, Talbot county, Georgia;
and of W. N. Pendergrast, Walton county,
Georgia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities ; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. AJBBOTT presented the petition of John
M. Freeman, of Franklin county, Georgia,
praying the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
Graham Hughes, of Daviess county, Kentucky,
praying the removalof hispolitical disabilities :
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Peter W.
Mayo, James Stuart, and W. S. McFarland,
members of the Republican party of Daviess
county, Kentucky, in behalf of Graham Hughes
of that State, praying the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities; which was referred to the
, select Committee on the Removal of Political
1 Disabilities.
Mr. COLEpresentedthememorialofThomas
H. Selby, of San Francisco, California, remon-
strating against a reduction of the duty on pig
lead ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to present tin;
petition of the board of aldermen and the
board of councilmen of the city of Cincinnati,
Ohio, in regard to the Louisville and Portland
canal. They represent to Congress the incal-
culable injury which their city and that whole
I region is suffering in its commerce and manu-
facturing by reason of the obstruction of a
railroad bridge erected by authority of Con-
gress across the Ohio river at the falls, oppo-
site Louisville, Kentucky. They also set out
at great length the injury to the commerce of
that vast region of country by the slowness of
the progress of the work on the enlargement
of the Louisville and Portland canal. This is
a subject that excites, perhaps, more interest iit
that vast region, from the city of Wheeling to
New Orleans, than any other subject of our
internal domestic affairs. I think the showing
for the completion of this work is probably as
strong as it can be for the construction of any
work of internal improvement. The whole
j work now belongs to the national Government
| and could be completed by an appropriation
| of $150,000. I trust, therefore, that theCom-
j mittee on Appropriations, to whom I shall ask
j that this petition be referred, will consider it,
and comply with the prayer of the petitioners
| by giving the necessary appropriation in the
1 general appropriation bill, without awaiting
j the action of Congress upon the river and har-
bor bill. I move the reference of the petition
j to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
; Mr. RAMSEY. I have a communication
| from the Postmaster General, addressed to the
| Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
i containing some very valuable statistics on the
j subject of mail communication between this
j country and China. I move that it be printed
for the use of the Senate, and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That E. Lookwood, agent for Charles
Rosefield, have leave to withdraw his petition and
papers from tho files of the Senate.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Represent.! /
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk', announced  
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1714) to revise, consolidate, and amend the
