1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8885
There waa no objection ; and leave was
accordingly granted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire then, Mr. Speaker,
in the first place to call the attention of the
House to what I think is the general objection
made to tliis bill—that it is long, that it is a
bill consisting of some eighty pages—and to
explain, with reference to this which appears
upon its face to be an objection, that the House
is to remember that this bill embraces not
merely a proposed reduction of taxes, amount-
ing in the aggregate to between thirty-three
and thirty-four million dollars per annum,
but that in its provisions it embraces all the
legislation, revived and presented in a modified,
connected, and condensed form, in relation to
all the internal taxes of the country of every
kind that is to remain upon the statute-book,
except only that which has reference to the tax
on distilled spirits and fermented liquors, and
upon tobacco and cigars. This bill, therefore,
is to be considered as one which embodies all
the other subjects of internal taxation. The
bill might be made very much shorter if we
were to adopt the idea of my friend fiom
Illinois, [Mr. Jcdd,] or the form of the bill
introduced the other day by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] simply abolishing
certain taxes, but making no provision in
regard to the collection of the taxes which
remain, or the administration of the office
of internal revenue, except what might be
found remaining of the fragment of the law
in regard to this subject after this general
repeal.
Now, the committee have found that while
you were taking out from among the statutes
certain taxes and retaining certain others, it
became necessary to round the edges or ends,
as it were, and make the work thorough by
providing for the administration of the law so
far as it was applicable to what remains, and
by dispensing with as much of the law as was
made unnecessary by that which had been taken
away. And that is precisely the task which
they have undertaken here to perform. Gen-
tlemen, therefore, will find that many sections
of the bill now before us are but in substance a
reenactment of the existing law in various of
its parts, but a reenactment so modified in lan-
guage and so modified in form as to make a
complete system of law as applied to those
subjects of taxation which are provided for in
the bill before us.
Keeping this in mind, I ask gentlemen to go
along with us in the consideration of the bill,
perfectly satisfied that they will find in this
completeness of its parts that we have made,
not a long bill, which will create any necessary
delay to pass, but a bill which taken thus in its
connection can be disposed of very speedily,
having an eye only to certain material points
embraced in it in regard to which there may
or may not be difference of opinion as relating
to the taxes affected by it. The House has
ordered that the bill shall be considered by
sections. The first section is a very long one,
covering some thirty pages. But it embodies j
and includes everything loutid upon the statute- ;
book having relation to special taxes or any-
thing which is made the subject of special
taxation.
Alter it has been read, as a matter of course,
long as the section is, it will be open to amend-
ment at any part. The committee will, before
the House proceeds, offer some amendments
to this section, which will probably obviate
some objections that may have been thought
of by other gentlemen in reference to some mat-
ters of detail. I will not detain the House any
longer, except to ask their remembrance of
these suggestions as we progress with the bill.
I ask now that the first section of the bill may
be read.
unrolled hills sionhd.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same:
A bill (H. R. No. 1293) to enforce the right
of citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of the Union, and for other
purposes.
internal tax bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
internal tax bill, and the Clerk read the first
section, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Stated of America inCongres<f assem-
bled, That every person engaged in any business
hereinafter mentioned shall pay a special tax there-
for, as hereinafter provided; and shall furnish to the
proper assistant assessor of the district in which lie
conducts, or proposes to conduct, any business, a
statement sotting forth his name and resilience, or,
if be be associated with others, the style of the firm
or company, with the names and residences of each
of the individuals constituting such firm or com-
pany, and the business, and the place where it is to
be carried on; and if an innkeeper, the yearly
rental value of the house and property he proposes
to occupy, all which facts shall be i cturned, duly cer-
tified by such assistant assessor, to both the assessor
and collector of the district. All such special
taxes shall be for one*ycar, and bccome due on the
1st day of May in each year; but on commencing
any business after the 1st day of M ty in any year
they shall be reckoned proportionately for that part
of tin* year until tlio 1st, day of May following. Tho
special tax shall be paid to the collector of the dis-
trict, as hereafter provided, and ho shall give a
receipt therefor.
13.inkers with, a capital not exceeding the sum of
$50,000, and banks chartered, or banks organized
under a gcncial law, with a capital not exceeding
$50,000, tshall each pay 6100, and when tho capital
exceeds $50,000 shall pay two dollars in addition for
every $1,000 in excess of $50,000 of capifal. Every
incorporated or other bank, and every person, firm,
or company having a place of business where credits
are opened by tho deposit or collection of money or
currency, subject to be paid or remitted upon draft,
check, or order, or where money is advanced or
loaned oil stocks, bonds, bullion, bills of exchange,
or promissory notes, or where stocks, bonds bullion,
bills of exchange, or promissory notes are received
for discount or lor sale, shall ho regarded as a bank
or as a banker: Provided, That any savings-bank
whose business is confined to receiving deposits, to
bo loaned or invested lor the benefit oi its depositors,
and doing no other business of banking, shall not bo
subject to this tax. And thcic shall bo levied and
collected a tax ol one tweuty-tourth ot one per cent,
each month upon tho average amount ot thedeposits
of money, other than pubnc moneys of the United
States, subject to payment by check or drait, or rep-
resented by certificates of deposit or otherwise,
whether payable on demand or at some future day,
with any person, bank, association, company, or
corporation engaged m the business oi banking; and
a tax of one fourth of one per cent, each month ou
the average amount of all deposits of public money
in their possession to the crcuit of the Txeasurer or
any disbursing officer of the United States; and a
tax of one twenty-fourth of one per eon . eaea month,
as aloresaid, upon tho capital of any bank, associa-
tion, company, or corporation engaged in the bua-
ness~of banking, and on the capital employed by any
person in the bu^ines^ of banking beyond ! he a ver;ige
amount invested in United States bonds; and a tax
ot one twcllth ol one per cent, each month upon tec
average amount of circulation issued by any b -uk,
association, corporation, company, or person, includ-
ing as circulation all certified checks and all notes
and other obligations calculated or intended to cu-
eulate or to bo used as money, but not including
th.it in the vault ol the bank, or redeemed and on
deposit tor said bank. A true and accuvatc icturn
of the amount of circulation, of deposit, and oi
capital, as atorcsaid, and of tho amount of notes
of persons, State banks, and State banking associa-
tions, and ot States, cities, towns, or other municipal
corporations, paid out by them for t.no previous
month, shall be made and rendei cd monthly by each
of them to the assessor of the district in which such
bank, association, corporation, or company may be
located, or in which such person has his place of busi-
ness, with a declaration annexed thereto, vciificd by
the oath ol such person or of the president or cashier
of such bank, association, corporation, or company
in such iorm and manner as may be prescribed by
the Commissioner of Internal Kevenue. In the case
of banks with branches, each branch shall make a
separate return, and the tax shall be assessed on each j
severally. And lor any reiusal or neglect to make or j
to render such return and p\y tho tax any such bank, j
association, corporation, company, or person shall |
be subject to and pay a penalty ot $200 besides the
additional penalty and ioricituivs m other caseo pro-
vided by law ; and iu default of such return the sev- [
eral amounts subject to tax shall be estimated by the ;i
assessor or assistant assessor on tho best information !j
he can obtain: Provided, That this section shall not
apply to associations which aio taxed under and by j
virtue of the act to provide a national currency so- 1
cured by a pledge of United States bonds, and to pio-
vide ior the circulation and ledemptum thereof:
And provided jurther. That the deposits in associa-
tions or companies known as provident institutions,
savin'gs-banks, savingstunds, or savings institutions
doing no other business than receiving deposits to be
loaned or invested for the solo benefit of tho parties
making such deposits, without profit or compensa-
tion to tho association or company, shall bo exempt
from tax on so much of their deposits as they have
invested insecurities of tho United States, and On all
deposits less than $500 made in the name of any one
person; and the returns required to bo made by
such provident institutions and savings-banks shall
be made on the first, Monday of January and July" of
each year, in such form and manner as may bo pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
And every national banking association, State
bank,or State banking association, corporation,com-
pany, or person engaged in tho business of banking,
shall pay a tax of ten per cent, on tho amount of
notes of .any person, State bank, or State banking
association, State, town, city, or other municipal
corporation, used for circulation and paid out bv
them; and such tax shall bo assessed and paid in
such manner as shall be prescribed by law and by
the Commissioner of Internal Kevenue.
Brokers.—Every peison whose business, wholly or
in part, it is tonegotiatc purchases or sales of stocks,
bonds, exchange, land-warrants, bullion, coined
money, bank-notes, promissory notes, or other secur-
ities for himself or others, shall be regarded as a
broker. Any person having paid the special tax as
a banker shall not bo roquircu to pay the special tax
as a broker. And there shall be paid on all sales
made by brokers, banks, or bankers whether made
for tho benefit of others or on thoirown account, tho
following taxes, that is to say: upon all sales and
contracts for the sale of stocks, bonds, gold and silver
bullion and coin, promissory notes, or other securi-
ties, a tax at the rate oi two cents ior every §100 of
thoamountofsueh sales or contracts; and on ailsales
and contracts for sale negotiated and made by any
person, firm, or company not paying a special tax as
a broker, bank, or banker, of any gold or silver bul-
lion, com, promissory notes, stocks, bonds, or other
securities, not his or their own property, a tax at the
rate of five ccnt^ for every S-JlOOof the amount of such
sales or contracts. And on every sale and contract
of sale, nsalorcs >id. thero^hail bo made, signed, and
delivered by the seiier *o tho buyer a memorandum
ot such bale or contract, on which there shall be affixed
a lavvlul stamp or stamps, equal in value to the
amount of tax on such sale; and in computing tho
amount of the stamp tax m any case herein provided
for, any fractional part of $10!) of value or amount
on which tax is computed, shall be accounted at $100.
Every such bill or memorandum of sale or contract
of sale, shall show tnc date thereof, the name of the
feller or contractor, tho amount, of tho sale or con-
tract. and the mattcror Uiing to whiciiit reiers. And
any person liable to pay the tax as herein provided,
or any one who acts in the mntterasagentor broker
for such person who shall make any such salo or
contract, or who shall, in pursuance o£ any sale or
contract, deliver or lrccivo any stocks, bonds, bul-
lion, com, promissory noter, or other securities,
without a bill or memorandum thereof, as herein
required, or who shall deliver or receivc such bill or
memorandum without having the proper stamps
ullixed thereto, *dia!l forfeit and pay to the United
States a penalty of &500 lor each and every offense,
where I he tax so evaded or attempted to be evaded
does not excecd $100, and a penalty of $1,000 when
such tax shall exceed $100. which may be recovered
with costs, at any tunc within one year after the
liability to such penalty shall have been incurred;
but where it sh ill appear that the omission to affix
the proper stamp was not with intent 10 evade the
provisions ot this section, said penalty shall not be
incurred. A'id the provisions of law in relation to
stamp duties in schedule 13 of this act shall apply to
stamp taxes herein imposed upon sale." and contracts
of aales made by brokers, banks, or bankers, as alore-
said.
foreign commercial brokers whose annual sales do
not exceed 000,C00 shall each p.iy a special tax ot
65,000, and wtien exceeding £1,000.000 shall pay, in
addition, five dollars lor every SI,000 of sales in
excess ol Si,000,0j0. IS very person wnoso business it
is to sell or oii'cr for sale, by samples or oifiei wise,
goods, waxes, or merchandise of any description, iv*
the agent ot any merchant, commercial house, or
manufacturer residing or being without tho limits
ot tho United States, or to negotiate in any manner
for such sale to be made by any such merchant, com-
mercial house, ormauulaciurer, or to solicit, receive,
or transmit orders to such merchant, commercial
house, or manufacturer, shall bo regarded as a for-
eign commeicial broker. Evory foreign commcrcial
broker snail be required by tho a-se?oor or ussistant
assessor of every collection district in which he may
so sell or oiler lor sale, or negotiate lor the sale ot, or
solicit, receive, or tran-mit< rdersior goods, wares,
or merchandise, for or to any such merchant, com-
mercial house, or nianuiueturer, to produce the re-
ceipt showing that the special tax herein provided
lor has been duly paid to the collector ol some dis-
tnei within tho United States withm the current
year; and if u shall not appear that such tax lxa-5
been paid, or upon neglect or refusal to producc
such tux receipt when so demanded by the proper
oltieer, tho party so delinquent shall bo liable to a
penalty of $10,000, and snail on conviction be fined
not less than tl0,000 nor more than to,0000, or impris-
oned not le:-5 than six months nor more than two
years.
Foie'gn insurance agents shall each pay fifty dol-
lars. livery person who shall act as agoi*t to nego-
tiate or procure insurance lor any foreign fire, ma-
rine; lite, mutual, or other insurance company or
companies, shall be regarded as a foreign insurance
"°0lai'm agents shall pay each ten dollars, iiud if
