4830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
the seventy-two sections of land granted for
university purposes in the act admitting Min-
nesota as a State, to grant the donation that
was made to the Territory of Minnesota for
university purposes ; and no other result can
follow from this act of 1861, no Other explan-
ation can be made of it.
Many of the acts admitting new States have
provided expressly that the lands donated to
the Territory for university purposes shall be
deducted from the seventy-two sections do-
nated to the State for university purposes, but
there was no such provision in the act admit-
ting the State of Minnesota; but, on the con-
trary, after the State of Minnesota was ad-
mitted, in which act it was expressly declared
that the State should have seventy-two sections
for university purposes,.this act of 1861 was
passed, expressly declaring that the land which
had been donated to the Territory should be
given to the State, clearly conveying the idea,
as the committee understand, that so far as the
State of Minnesota was concerned this land
which had been given to the Territory should
be added to what was given to the State for
university purposes.
I know that ex-Senator Hendricks, who
made this report, who was then upon the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and myself, examined
the question together, and we both came to
the conclusion that no other, construction
could be put upon these acts.
I do not pretend to justify the policy of the
legislation. I do not know what motive
prompted Congress to pass this act, by which
some special advantage seems to have been
given to the State of Minnesota; but we take
the law as wo find it, and we cannot but con-
clude, as I believe the Department is inclined
to decide, that these acts taken together do
give to the State of Minnesota the seventy-two
sections of land contained in the act admitting
that State, in addition to what was donated to
it while a Territory.
Mr. CASSERLY. The object of this bill,
I presume, is to enforce that construction of
the law.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is all. It is simply
to construe the two acts, or to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to put that construc-
tion upon these two acts.
Mr. CASSERLY. The situation of the
matter is not entirely satisfactory; but, con-
sidering the excellence of the object for uni-
versity purposes in that young and growing
State, I am not disposed to press any objection
to the bill. It is quite evident, however, that
this State will receive by this bill more than
her appropriate share of lands for that pur-
pose ; still it is a good purpose, and the mis-
take, if there be one, is on the right side.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS,
Mr. CORBETT. I present a memorial of
a large number of citizens of Philadelphia,
embracing a large number of firms, signed by
about seven hundred and eighty-three persons,
protesting against the reenactment of the in-
come tax, stating that we have paid off the
national debt during the first three months of
this Administration at the rate of something
like eighty-seven million dollars a year; and
during the first three months of the present
year over thirty-one million dollars have been
liquidated 
Mr. POMEROY. Is that addressed to the
Senate?
Mr. CORBETT. It is a memorial not
addressed to the Senate distinctly.
Mr. POMEROY. If not addressed to the
Senate it cannot be received. We have all
received these circulars; but they are not
addressed to the Senate, and cannot be re-
ceived here.
Mr. CORBETT. If that is the rule—
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been so
decided, as the Senator from Kansas states,
that papers cannot be received except by unan-
imous consent, unless they are addressed to
the Senate or to Congress as petitions.
Mr. AMES presented the memorial of Mrs,
A. L. Henry, widow of the late Major W, S.
Henry, United States Army, praying compen-
sation for losses sustained by her husband by
a flood of the Solada river; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY presented, a resolution of
the Board of Trade of Providence, Rhode
Island, in favor of tho erection of four addi-
tional lights in the Providence river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce..
He also presented a resolution of the Board
of Trade of Providence, Rhode Island, in fa-
vor of the passage of the bill introduced in the
House of Representatives to regulate the trade
and commerce between the States and Terri-
tories of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petitions of
P. M. Ellison, William Carter, and Joseph II.
Roulhac, of Kentucky, praying for the removal
of their political disabilities; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. McCREERY. I present the petition of
Charlton II. Morgan and of Benjamin Berry,
of Louisville, Kentucky, praying for the re-
moval of their political disabilities. These
gentlemen are both recommended by leading
Republicans of their neighborhood. I have
also the recommendation of General John W.
.Finnell for the removal of disabilities from
Basil W. Duke, of Louisville, Kentucky, whose
petition I presented a few days since. I move
the reference of these papers to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. IIAMHN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
letter of tho Secretary of War, communicating
a report of the chief of engineers in regard to
the Washington aqueduct, and a resolution of
the Senate directing the cummittee to inquire
whether any legislation is necessary with regard
to the use of the Potomac water in the city of
Washington, reported a bill (S. No. 1018) au-
thorizing the establishment of water-meters for
the Potomac water, the laying of an additional
water-main from the distributing reservoir of
the Washington aqueduct, and for other pur-
poses; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from th'e same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 993) to repeal
certain provisions of an act entitled "An act
to incorporate a company for making certain
turnpike roads in the'District of Columbia,"
approved April 20,1810, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to ; and in lieu thereof he reported a joint res-
olution (S. R, No. 231) relative to certain turn-
pike roads in the District of Columbia ; which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. OSBORN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 209) granting lands to aid certain railroads
in Alabama, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1001) granting
lands to aid in the construction of a canal in
the State of Florida, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on the Library, to whom was referred
the concurrent resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives in relation to the purchase of the
portrait of the late Major General Thomas,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY", from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 1017) granting the right
of way and lands in aid of the construction of
a canal for irrigation and other purposes in the
county of El Dorado and other counties in the
State of Californiawhich was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. AMES, from the Committeeon Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the. bill (H. R.
No. 1891) for the relief of George C. Haynie,,
reported it without; amendment. s
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to'whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 885) authorizing the Secretary
of War to purchase certain "land adjoining 'the
United States barracks at Barrancas, in the
State of Florida, to report it back with an amend-
ment, and recommend its passage. The Sec-
retary of War has written a letter urging action
upon it, and I hope the bill will be put upon its
passage now. It will take but afew moments.
Mr. FOWLER. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The biU'will- be
placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1909)
to provide for payment of bounties to certain
officers of volunteers, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
323) giving condemned ordnance to the-Na-
tional Asylum for Disabled Soldiers, Milwau-
kee, Wisconsin, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee
on Patents, to whom were referred forty-nine
memorials of citizens of several States, remon-
strating against an extension of the patent of
John Young for certain improvements in wash-
ing and wringing machines, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
LEVANT W. 13ARNUART.
Mr. WILSON. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 229) authorizing the Pres-
ident to strike from the rolls of the Army the
name of Levant W. Barnhart; and 1 ask to
have this resolution put on its passage now.
It is simply to correct a mistake in a bill passed
some time ago by which this officer's name was
given incorrectly. The resolution is simply to
have his name stricken from the rolls of the
Army, as was intended by that bill. -
The joint resolution was by unanimous con-
sent read three times, and passed.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS TO SOLDIERS AND SAILORS.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2277) supplementary to an act to provide
for furnishing artificial limbs to disabled sol-
diers, have had it under consideration and
report it back without amendment, and rec-
ommend its passage. There is a great neces-
sity for immediate action on this bill. The
bill that passed the Senate a short time since,
giving artificial limbs to soldiers, omitted the
words "seamenandmarines." ThisisaHouse
bill amending that act in that particular. The
Surgeon General is awaiting action upon it in
order to send out his circulars. I hope the
Senate will allow this little bill to pass at once.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It directs that the benefits of the act
approved June 17, 1870, entitled "An act to
provide for furnishing artificial limbs to dis-
abled soldiers," shall be extended to all offi-
cers, soldiers, seamen, and marines disabled
in the military or naval service of the United •
States, as fully as the same are provided for
iu the acts approved July 16, 1862, and July
28, 1866, in so far as those acts relate to arti-
ficial limbs and to transportation for procuring
them.
The Chiej' Clerk. The committee report to
insert after the words " 1866," inline-ten, the
words "and July 27, 1868."
Mr. CRAGIN. 1 understand that what is
written in pencil there is already in the en-
grossed bill.
