2942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
statutes relating to patents and copyrights, in
which the concurrence of the Seuate was re-
quested.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 95) in rela-
tion to the Hot Springs reservation, in Ark-
ansas, with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
disagreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 1595) to amend an act en-
titled "An act providing for the taking of the
seventh and subsequent censuses of the United'
States, and to fix the number of the members
of the House of Representatives and to pro-
vide for their future apportionment among the
several States," approved May 23,1850, asked
a conference upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
J. A. Garfield of Ohio, Mr. W. B. Allison
of Iowa, and Mr. S. S. Cox of New York,
managers at the conference on the part of the
House of Representatives.
The message further announced that the
House non-concurred in the amendment of
the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No.
120) declaratory of the meaning and intention
of the law relating to income tax.
reports of committees.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred a message of
the President of the United States, communi-
cating a report from the Secretary of State
relating to the results of the proceedings of
the joint commission at Lima, under the con-
vention between the United States and Peru
of the 4th of December, 1868, in relation to
the claim of Esteban G. Montano, and recom-
mending an appropriation to discharge the
obligation of the United States in said case,
have had the same under consideration, and
have directed me to report a bill. As the bill
is simply to carry into execution a recom-
mendation of the President of the United
States in pursuance of an award just made by
the joint commission of the United States and
Peru, I think it had better be acted upon at
once. Promptitude on our part will tend to
secure promptitude on the part of the Peru-
vian Government; and as the claims of our
citizens are much larger in amount than the
claims of the Peruvians we shall be the gainers.
I hope the Senate will act on this bill at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the request of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought it was under-
stood that we were to go on regularly with the
whole Calendar; and if this bill goes on the
Calendar it will be reached in two or three
days.
Mr. SUMNER. It is important that it should
be acted on at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why acted on to-day
rather than to-morrow? Two or three days
will not make any difference. I think it had
better go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
receive its first reading and then be placed
upon the Calendar.
The bill (S. No. 833) authorizing payment to
Esteban G. Montano, a citizen of Peru, of the
amount awarded to him under the claims con-
vention between the United States and Peru
of December 4, 1868, was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 131) granting an Amer-
ican register to the British-built schooner W.
D. B., reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
227) granting an American register to the Brit-
ish-built schooner Venilia, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the National Board
of Trade, in favor of the establishment by the
General Government of a department of com-
merce, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
| R. No. 1596) for the relief of the Sisters of our
Lady of Mercy, of Charleston, South Carolina,
reported it without amendment.
i He also, from the same committee, to whom
j was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
'i 12) authorizing the sale of the Fort Leaven-
worth military reservation to the Kansas Agri-
; cultural and Mechanical Association of Leav-
enworth county, in the State of Kansas, for
fair grounds, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
222) granting condemned guns for soldiers'
monument at Fairmount Cemetery, Newark,
New Jersey, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James McCullum,
of Massachusetts, praying for remuneration
for services performed during the late war in
erecting two monuments: one on the battle-
field of Groveton, Virginia, and the other on
the battle-field of Bull Run, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Claims;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
1488) for the relief of Elizabeth N. Jackson,
reported adversely, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 810) to enforce the fifteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, have
instructed me to report it with an amendment
in the nature of a substitute for the bill. I
move that it be put on the Calendar of special
orders.
Mr. FERRY. I object.
Mr. STEWART. I suppose I can make that
motion, notwithstanding the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be con-
sidered this day ifthere is objection. The motion
can be entered.
Mr. STEWART. Very well. Let it be en-
tered and I will call it up to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the bill (S.
No. 503) extending the provisions of the civil-
rights bill for the enforcement of the fifteenth
amendment of the Constitution, the bill (S. No.
538) to enforce the fifteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, the bill (S.
No. 598) to enforce the amendment of the Con-
stitution declaring that the right to vote shall
not be denied or abridged on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude, and
the bill (8. No. 744) to enforce the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, moved their indefinite postponement;
which was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 702) to establish a port of entry at Vallejo,
California, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, reported
a bill (S. No. 834) to create a port of delivery
at Vallejo, California; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the petitions of
Johanna Roach and F. W. Bogan, praying to
be allowed arrears of pension, submitted ad-
verse reports thereon; which were ordered to
be printed.
hot springs reservation.
On motion of Mr. RICE, the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 95)"in relation to the Hot Springs reserva-
tion in Arkansas was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
835) for the relief of Elijah M. Hart ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STOCKTON" asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 830) for the relief of Jane Allen Birklead ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 837) to amend an act supplemental to
the act approved 1st July, 1864, for the dis-
posal of coal lands and of town property in
the public domain, approved March 3, 1805;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimons consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 838)
for the relief of Allen Rutherford ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
839) amending the act entitled "An act to
grantpensions," approved July 14,1862; which
was twice read by its title-, referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 180) for the relief of William
Donnelly and Patrick Egan ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
ninth census.
Mr. BAYARD. In the absence of the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Conkling,] chair-
man of the Committee on the Revision of the
Laws, and in his behalf, I ask that a committee
of conference be appointed by the Chair, in
response to the request of the House of 'Rep-
resentatives, on the census bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware, on behalf of the chairman of the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws, who
is absent, asks the Senate to insist upon its
amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 1-395) to
amend an act entitled "An act providing for
the taking of the seventh and subsequent cen-
suses of the United States, and to fix the num-
ber of the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and to provide for their future
apportionment among the several States,"
approved May 23, 1850, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and agree to the
conference asked for by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two branches. The ques-
tion is on this motion.
The motion was agreed to.
By unanimous consent, the Vice President
was authorized to appoint the conferees on the
part of the Senate; and Messrs. Coxkling,
Bayard, and Carpenter were appointed.
income tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
insist on its amendment to the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 120) declaratory of the meaning
and intention of the law relating to income
tax, and ask for a conference upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Vice
President being authorized to appoint the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Senate,
Messrs. Sherman, Williams, and Morrill of
Vermont were appointed.
calendar of resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
resolutions of the Senate to be offered the
Calendar of resolutions laid over is now in
