1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19m
appropriation for the public printing, for the
purpose of referring it to the Committee on
Appropriations.
No objection was made ; and accordingly the
joint resolution was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I call
for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the morning hour will now
commence at eight minutes to one o'clock.
The first business in order is abill reported from
the Committee on Railways and Canals pro-
viding for a line of railway between Washing-
ton and New York.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to introduce a
bill for reference.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent and will come out of the
morning hour.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will yield for a few
minutes for the introduction and reference of
bills, and for such matters as will cause no
debate.
r. p. spencer.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1637) for the
relief of R. P. Spencer; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
inspection and appraisement of imports.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on Commerce, re-
ported si bill (H. R. No. 1538) to regulate the
inspection and appraisement of imports in cer-
tain cases, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the Committee on
Commerce.
rank op naval oeeicers.
Mr. PERRY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Narv be re-
quested to transmit to this House the further corre-
spondence in relation to the questioned letter of
Admiral Farragut, of date January 20,1869, namely,
the telegrams, letters, and affidavit of Paymaster
I'\ H. Looker, United States jSTavy, now on file i n the
Navy Department.
expenditures on public buildings.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consont
to submit a resolution, and I will ask to have
a letter read upon the subject. The resolution
is as follows :
Resolved, That the Committee on Expenditures on
Public Buildings bo, and hereby is, directed to invest-
igate the manner in which the expenditures are
made on public buildings, particularly those under
the direction of the supervising architect of tbo
Treasury Department, with power to send for per-
sons and papers, and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I object.
annulling certain laws o? idaho.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1540) annulling cer-
tain oppressive legislation of the' Territory of
Idaho ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Territo-
ries.
john irwin.
Mr. CULLOM also, by unanimous consent,
introduced abill (H. R. No. 1541) for the relief
of John Irwin; which was read a first and
second time, and, with the accompanying
papers, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
sale op hint, etc., at new orleans.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution (II. K.
No. 193) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to sell the mint and marine hospital
at New Orleans : which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
international coinage.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1542) to promote international coinage; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures, and ordered to be printed. >
casting and storing op merchandise. !
Mr. SCHUMAKER. I ask unanimous con- ■
sent to submit for consideration at this lime '
the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas complaints are made by merchants in
relation to regulations made and instituted by the i
collector of tho district of New York in relation to
the carting and storing of merchandise, and that
illegal fees and harassing demands for the benefit !
of individuals and not for the benefit of the United |
States Treasury are levied upon cartmen and mor- i
ehants of the port of Hew York: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be 1
directed to make inquiry into such proceedines and >
report to this House if such irregularities exist, and \
by whom, and for the benefit of whom such illegal !
fees and exactions are made; and that said commit-
tee be authorized to send for persons and papers.
Mr. PETERS. I object.
Subsequently Mr. Peters withdrew the ob- !
jection. ,
Mr. KELSEY. I renew the objection. |
Mr. SCHUMAKER. What objection can J
there be to this resolution? I think there can j
be no earthly objection to it.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, 1
the resolution is not before the House. \
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to reconsider the i
various votes by which bills, &c., have been i
referred or recommitted this morning; and I
also move that the motion to reconsider be laid .
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled joint resolution . ;
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution of
the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same: j
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 191) appropri- ■
ating to the widow and children of the late j
E. M. Stanton, for their use, a sum_ equal to j
one year's salary of an associate justice of the !
Supreme Court of the United States.
washington and new york railroad.
Mr. SCOPIELD. Inovvcall for the regular j
order. _ j
The SPEAKER. The regular order having I
been called for, the House will now resume r
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 19) to ;
authorize the building of a military and postal j
railway from Washington, District of Colum- j
bia, to the city of New York, upon which the |
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] is \
entitled to the floor. I
Mr. INGERSOLL. I offer the following ^
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill:
Congress shall have tho right to make all rules and
regulations for the operation and arrangement of
said road necessary to secure its greatest efficiency I
as an instrument of commerce, and to secure the ]
safety of its passengers and of the public, and to i
reduce the rates of fare and freight whenever the ■
same shall be necessary for the purposes aforesaid. ;
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon an amendment offered on last Thursday ,
by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Lough-
ridoe.] 1
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask a par- ;
j liamentary question. On last Thursday the gen-
tleman from Iowa offered his amendment and
demanded the previous question upon it, as well
as on the bill. The House refused to second ;
the demand for the previous question, and the
morning hour expired. Now, lhave been recog- ■
nized this morning as entitled to tho floor; and i
the inquiry I wish to make is whether the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa is before the '
House unless I consent that it shall be again i
offered ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa is before the House. The
only effect of the refusal of the House to second
the previous question was to deprive the gen- j
tleman from Iowa of the floor. ',
Mr. INGERSOLL. If it is in order, I desire
that before the amendment of the gentleman
from. Iowa is read my amendment shall be
again read. When read just now I think i t did
not receive proper attention on the part of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again read
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. ingersoll.]
The amendment was again read.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to call the attention of the House for one mo-
ment to this amendment. It was doubtless
observed when the bill was before the House
the other day that there seemed to be a desire
on the part of many members that Congress
should retain control over this corporation.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Louohridge]
offered an amendment looking to that end.
My amendment has the same object in view,
and I desire that it shall be adopted instead of
that offered by the gentleman from Iowa. I
think it will better accomplish the purpose
intended.
I now ask that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Iowa be read.
The SPEAKER. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Iowa on last Thursday
will now be reported by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word "act" in line seventeen of seetion
three insert the following:
And shall be kept open at least twenty days; and
if at the expiration of the twenty days more than
the amount of $10,000,000 is subscribed, the excess
shall be deducted from the largest subscriptions in
such manner as to equalize the subscriptions as far
as such deduction will allow.
Add to section seven tho following:
And either party may appeal from "the award thus
made to the district courtof the United StaAesof the
district, or to the Supreme Court of the District of
Columbia, as the case may be, such appeal to be taken
within twenty days of the finding of tho award, and
to be taken by the service of notice on the opposite
party. But such appeal shall not prevent the com-
pany from entering upon the property in contro-
versy, provided the amount of the award is deposited
with the olerk of the court for the owner of the
property.
At tho end of the bill add the following:
Sue. 10. And be it further enacted. That Congress
may at any timo change, alter, or amend this act.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
am ready to divide honors with the gentleman
from Iowa. I am willing the House shall
adopt his first amendment, provided it will
reject his second amendment and adopt mine
in lieu of it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I want to ask
the gentleman from Illinois, who has the cus-
tody of this bill, whether he desires to force
into this company as corporators men who do
not want to be there ? I wish to ask the Clerk
to read a letter.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not yield for any
such purpose. I am very well aware, Mr.
Speaker, that if there is named in the bill any
gentleman who does not desire to be a corpor-
ator or to bo affected by the bill it will not affect
him at all.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Willthegen-
tleman let me read a letter?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is a letter
from Mr. Erastus Corning, who refuses to have
anything to do with this road.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no knowledge
in regard to the men named in the bill, orbywhat
means they have agreed to associate together.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. They never
have agreed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not care whether
thev have or not.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I put it to
the gentleman whether we have a right to force
a man to be a corporator when he does not
i want to be?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Letthegentlemanmove
to strike out the name he refers to. I will
yield for that purpose.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York- . I move, then,
to strike from the list of corporators the name
of Erastus Corning.
