1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE O0EGRESSI0NAL GL0BE.
41
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Heconstruction of Georgia^—Mr. Smith.
Ho. op Reps.
fentleman furnish or has any one furnished?
Tone, whatever. Have any of these members
been killed within the last three weeks or three
months? Not one. Has any attempt been
made to injure them? No; there is not the
slightest proof that any of these men are in any
more danger of wounds or death on account
of their polities or official position than are the
members of this House. It is true that two
us' members of that Legislature have met with vio-
lent deaths since the adjournment of that body,
but there is no proof nor reasonable grounds of
suspicion that politics or position had any, even
remote, influence in causing their destruction.
Are we to infer from the gentleman's remarks
that being elected to a State Legislature secures
a man such exemption from the ordinary dan-
gers to human life as to warrant the inference
that the violent death of such a dignitary is the
result of partisan hostility; or the other con-
clusion arrived at by the gentleman, that the
people of a whole State participated in or con-
nived at the crime and should be punished for
it? This absurd position shows to what straits
gentlemen are driven to find excuses for an act
that is inexcusable. No one not blinded by
prejudice or passion can fail to see the flimsi-
ness of this one.
But, sir, all these pretended reasons for this
hasty and harsh congressional action are only
pretexts, and they are too frivolous and trans-
parent to deceive anybody. It is the old story
of the wolf seeking a quarrel with the lamb
he meant to devour. The action of the Legis-
lature of Georgia and the pretended political
murders in that State have about the same re-
lation to the passage of this bill that the drink-
ing by the lamb in the fable out of the same
stream with the wolf, but lower down, had to
its being torn to pieces for fouling the water
the wolf was about to drink.
Sir, the real object of this bill is to compel
the State of Georgia to ratify the so-called fif-
teenth constitutional amendment. Itstitleto be
truthful ought to expressthat object. Bearing
this object in mind the change of base with refer-
ence to this question since last April is easily
explained. It was not then foreseen that the vote
of that State would be required to carry that
amendment; and, therefore, the action of the
Legislature in ousting the negroes was of little
or no importance. Now it is clearly seen that
without her vote the amendment is lost, and
that there is no way of securing that vote but
by remanding her to the tender mercies of
the military, and providing by congressional
enactment that she must forever remain under
that rule unless she will ratify that amendment.
When this discovery is made, when the act of
her Legislature is considered from this stand-
point, its shocking criminality is at once seen.
What was before only a trivial offense, which
might be overlooked if not excused, now be-
comes a most outrageous crime which isnotto be
tolerated or go unpunished for three short weeks.
This lately aroused but virtuous and terrible
indignation, resulting in such hot haste, is all
the resultoffear that Georgia if left alone until
after the holidays would voluntarily reseat her
precious negro legislators, and thereby deprive
the party in power of its only pretext for inter-
ference and of its last opportunity to extort a
ratification of its pet amendment from ail un-
willing and outraged people.
It is this view of the object of this bill that
gives it its importance, in my estimation. It
is not a temporary law, limited in its applica-
tion to a single State, that we are called upon
to enact, but one designed to bring about a
change in the fundamental law of the land,
which is to operate for all time and to bind
every State and person in the nation. Georgia
is to determine under duress of the military and
in obedience to congressional dictation what is
to be the law for my own State and for every
other State in the Union. It may be, sir, that
under the operation of this bill Georgia will
ratify your amendment, and that in this way
the required number of States may be secured
to adopt it pro forma, but it will not thereby
become a part of the Constitution.
I warn gentlemen on the other side of the
House that a ratification so obtained will be of
no binding force and that no State opposed to
it will be bound to recognize it, nor will any
respectable or decent court or unbiased legis-
lative body ever hold it to be valid.
In seeking to hasten and force a settlement
of this important question in this violent and
unprecedented manner they will only postpone
that event and raise questions that may lead to
endless agitation and strife.
The real question involved in the inquiry
whether such an extorted ratification would be
binding is a very simple one. It is this: can the
Constitution of the United States be amended
in any way without the voluntary consent of
three fourths of the States? To state the ques-
tion is to answer it; the notion that our Con-
stitution contemplates or allows the use of force
or intimidation as a means of securing the
assent of an unwilling State to a proposed
amendment is so evidently false and absurd as
to be unworthy of notice, and yet that is the
position of the Republican party to-day. That
position strikingly illustrates the fact that in
politics one extreme often begets or leads to
another.
The heresy of secession, the doctrine that a
State might at pleasure cut loose from the
Union and free itself from all the restraints and
obligations imposed upon it by the Constitution,
is one extreme; another the opposite of that,
and perhaps resulting from it, is the one now
occupied by the Republican party and unmis-
takably assumed in this bill—that the Federal
Government may dictate amendments to that
instrument and deny a State representation in
Congress until she accepts the amendments so
dictated. Both theories agree in repudiation
of the Constitution; one would make it a rope
of sand, the other convert it into a chain of
bondage. I hold the true doctrine to be this:
that the General Government has a right to
demand and enforce obedience to the Consti-
tution and laws, but that in all cases where
obedience is refused and an attempt is made
to subvert the Government, the Constitution
and laws passed in pursuance thereof furnish
both the means and the measure of redress and
punishment. The idea that you may enforce
the law against the criminal and disregard it
yourself, or compel him to consent to a change
of it which will increase or vary the penalty,
is one entirely new, opposed to every principle
of law and justice and to the practice of all civil-
ized nations, whether republican or despotic.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butlek] tries to break the force of the objec-
tion against this method of extorting ratifica-
tion by suggesting that it is no new thing for
Congress to admit a State to representation
and to a place in the Union upon conditions;
and he assumes that compliance with such con-
ditions is not necessarily involuntary, and he
refers to agreements made by Territories in
advance ol their admission as States and as
conditions-precedent to such admission.  
The cases are not parallel in any sense.
The difference is manifest from this considera-
tion : that in the case of the Territory the con-
dition must be performed before it can become
a State, while in the case of Georgia she must
be a State before she can perform the condition.
If she is a State she has certain rights as such
which you cannot withhold from her without
the most palpable violation of the Constitution.
One of these rights which distinguishes her
from, a Territory is the right to representation
in Congress. The Constitution expressly pro-
vides that no State shall be deprived of repre-
sentation without her consent.
Now, if she is a State she can claim this right
independently of any other consideration. The
right results from the fact that she is a State, and
not from any act which she may or may not per-
form. If she is not a State it is folly to require
het to ratify a constitutional amendment. You
cannot deny that she is a State while you hold
that she is capable of performing that act. A
Territory cannot do that. Assisting to change
the Constitution of the United States is one
of the highest functions of a State government.
This bill recognizes her existence as a State; it
calls her a State; it mentions her Governor and
authorizes him to convene an existing Legis-
lature. You mention in your argument her
supreme court as having made a valid decision.
You thus recognize every department of her
State government, and yet you say that the
rights of a State she shall not have until she
bends to your will and ratifies your amendment.
Can it be claimed that such a ratification would
be voluntary in any sense of that word ? Let us
further examine that question for a moment.
The author of the section in the bill [Mr.
Morton] which provides for the exclusion of
Georgia from representation until she ratifies,
expressly affirmed in the course of the debate
in the Senate that without such exclusion sho
never would ratify it; that there was not one
chance in fifty that she would do so ; the sec-
tion was retained for that express reason.
Now, can it be claimed that the present Legis-
lature does not represent that portion of the
people of that State most favorable to the
amendment? Just consider what you have
already done and what this bill proposes to do
to secure a majority of your friends in that body,
and then answer that question.
You have governed Georgia in your own
way for more than five years ; you undertook
to reconstruct her on what you called a loyal
basis; you gave the negro the ballot, and took
it from the disloyal white man. All who in
your judgment, as indicated by your legisla-
tion, were not worthy to vote or hold office
you deprived of those rights. To secure the
proper enforcement of your laws you placed
the execution of them in the hands of your
special friends, selected by you for their pecu-
liar fitness for the work assigned them. You
supported them by all the military power of
the Government, and you said to the judi-
ciary, "Hands offj we are going to do this work
in our own way without interference from any
source." So thattheregistrationofvotersand
the conducting of elections were under the
supervision of your friends and in the presence
of your bayonets. The conditions were all of
your own choosing, and were all favorable to
the expression of sentiment through the ballot-
box most favorable to your wishes.
You find, however, that the Legislature thus
selected in your own way by your own friends
is not yet up to the requirements of the occa-
sion. They unseat some men whom you wish
to retain and retain some that you wish to re-
ject. So you provide by this bill that all your
rejected friends shallbe restored, and that such
as notwithstanding all your precautions are
improperly retained shall be rejected. This
leaves you a Legislature elected in your own
way, under laws of your own making, admin-
istered by friends of your own selection, sup-
ported by the military ; and after being thu3
selected you eliminate from it all whom you dis-
trust as disloyal, and yet you say by this bill that
the Legislature so selected and so purged cannot
be trusted to adopt your constitutional amend-
ment ; that there is not one chance in fifty that it
would ratify it unless under the compulsion of
this section denying representation in Congress.
Yerily great are the beauties and mysteries of
reconstruction! In view of this state of facts
can any one pretend to claim that the people
of Georgia favor the proposed amendment or
that they-will voluntarily ratify it? Well did
