1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4831
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Clerk will
examine the engrossed bill, and if it is there
this will not then go to the House as an amend-
ment. The bill will be reported to the Senate,
considered as read the third time, and the
question is on its passage.
The bill was passed.
DAVIS HATCH.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the select
committee of the Senate appointed to take
into consideration the memorial of Davis Hatch,
addressed to the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, with power to send for persons
and papers, have had the same under consider-
ation, and they have instructed me to report
the matter back to the Senate with a recom-
mendation that the memorial be indefinitely
postponed. This report, which I now make,
is accompanied by a written report of the com-
mittee, which I am also instructed to present,
together with the testimony taken by the com-
mittee. The testimony, it will be observed, is
already printed,its printing having been ordered
yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairunder-
stands the Senator from Michigan, from the
select committee appointed on the case of
Davis Hatch, to make a report in writing, with
a recommendation that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
memorial.
Mr. HOWARD. That it be indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. NYE. I wish to make a motion in
regard to the number of copies of the report to
be printed, and as there is to be a minority report
to make the same motion in regard to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
first receive the minority report.
Mr. SCHURZ. I am authorized by a minor-
ity of that committee, consisting of the Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] the Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Vickers,] and myself, to
offer a minority report on the same case. I will
state that the report having been read in com-
mittee only yesterday afternoon, ithasbeen im-
possible for me to write out the minority report
in a legible and presentable form, and I there-
fore ask permission of the Senate, while con-
sidering the minority report as presented now,
to deliver it in the course of the day to the Sec-
retary of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that permission will be granted.
Mr. STEWART. Is it usual when a minor-
ity report is allowed to permit it to he delayed
so as to make it fit the majority report? I do
not know that a minority have ever been allowed
further time to present a report. The question
has so often come up that I should like to ask
whether the minority have a right to the ben-
efit of the majority report to write theirs by ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it has been the almost universal, if not the
entirely uniform usage, that the minority of a
committee have a right to present their views
in connection with the report. Sometimes this
privilege has been refused, but under unusual
circumstances. It is not for the Chair to decide
what shall be the contents of either the major-
ity or minority report.
Mr. NYE. There is no objection to the
minority presenting their views ; and the only
question raised was whether they should do it
now or hereafter.
Mr. CONKLING. All the Senator from
Missouri asks is permission to hand his paper
to the Secretary presently.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the printing of the
papers will not be delayed by the minority of
ihe committee. It is essential that the whole
t thing should be printed as quickly as possible.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly the only favor I
asked was that I be permitted to deliver the
report to the Secretary in the course of the day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. During this day's
session?
Mr. SCHURZ.
instructed 
Yes, sir. I am further
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to suggest to my
friend from Missouri that I think the uniform
practice of the Senate is for the minority to
present their paper as the views of the minority.
A minority cannot make a report; they are
precluded from it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then I will call it, not a
report, but "the views of the minority."
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the par-
liamentary phrase.
Mr. HAMLIN. That, I think, is the uni-
form practice, and I have never known that to
be denied.
Mr. SUMNER. Never, and it is invariably
printed with the report of the majority.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No one wishes to deny
it here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that there is no objection to the request
of the Senator from Missouri to present the
views of the minority during this day's session.
Mr. SCHURZ. I am also directed by the
minority of the committee to present the fol-
lowing joint resolution 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Missouri, that accord-
ing to parliamentary practice it would be bet-
ter to present this paper in the calling of bills
and joint resolutions, and he can then state
that it meets the assent of the three Senators
representing the minority.
Mr. SCHURZ. Very well, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been
the usage for a minority to present a bill as the
report of a committee.
Mr. SCHURZ. Very well.
PENSION BILLS.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
and they were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions :
A bill (H. R. No. 748) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Wilson ;
A bill (Ii. R. No. 1193) granting a pension
to Thomas J. Fiss;
A bill (II. R. No. 1630) granting a pension
to Tuscannah Snyder;
A bill (H. R. No. 2290) granting a pension
to William Sickles;
A bill (II. R. No. 2297) granting a pension
to Isabella Smith;
A bill (H. R. No. 2298) granting a pension
to Margaret Freeman;
A bill (II. R. No. 2299) granting a pension
to Rachel Conkle;
A bill (H. R. No. 2300) granting a pension
to Laura Baker;
A bill (II. R. No. 2301) granting a pension
to Louisa P. Shellhart;
A bill (H. R. No. 2302) granting a pension
to Caroline V. Cram;
A biil (H. R. No. 2303) granting a pension
to ChauneeyH. Goodale;
A bill (H. R. No. 2304) granting a pension
to Anthony D. Havely;
A bill (H. R. No. 2305) granting a pension
to Barbara Schlaich, of Brooklyn, New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 2306) granting a pension
to Orson 11. Willard;
A bill (II. R. No. 2307) granting a pension
to Zelica T. Dunlap; •
A bill (II. R. No. 2308) granting a pension
to Abraham Tufflemire;
A bill (H. R. No. 2309) granting a pension
to Mary W. Ensminger ;
A bill (H. II. No. 2310) granting a pension
to George W. Sublett;
A bill (H. R. No. 2311) granting a pension
to Enoch Lykle ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2312) granting a pension
to Matilda Sullivan;
A bill (II. R. No. 2313) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Ravenscroft;
A bill (II. R. No. 2314) granting a pension
to Catherine T. Alexander ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2315) granting a pension
to Melville Hudson;
A bill (H. R. No. 2316) granting a pension
to James H. ICnotts;
A bill (H. R. No. 2317) granting a pension
to Melissa Andrews;
A bill (H. R. No. 2318) granting a.pension
to Abigail Dix;
A bill (H. R. No. 2319) granting a pension
to James A. Buck;
A bill (H. R. No. 2320) granting a pension
to Mary Ann Litchfield;
A bill (H. R. No. 2321) granting a pension
to Margaret Taylor;
A bill (H. R. No. 2322) granting a pension
to Byron McKee
A bill (H. R. No. 2323) granting a pension
to Mary E. Shelton;
A bill (H. R. No. 2324) granting a pension
to John E. Wilson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2325) granting a pension
to Joseph Cressey;
A bill (H. R. No. 2326) granting a pension
to Henry Barton;
A bill (H. R. No. 2327) granting a pension
to Margaret Kent;
A bill (H. R. No. 2330) granting a pension
to Catharine R. Roberts;
A bill (H. R. No. 2331) granting a pension
to Rachel W. Huston; ■
A bill (H. R. No. 2332) granting a pension
to Sarah Gillett;
A bill (H. R.'No. 2333) granting a pension
to William Erwin;
A bill (H. R. No. 2334) granting a pension
to Adam Correll;
A bill (H. R. No. 2335) granting a pension
to Francis M. Davis.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
additional copies of the report of the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey, have directed me
to report it back and to move its indefinite
postponement, a similar resolution having been
passed by the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a motion to print two thou-
sand extra copies of the report of the commit-
tee on the case of Davis Hatch, imprisoned in
San Domingo, have instructed me to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage. I ask for its present consideration.
The motion was considered and agreed to.
TAX BILL.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted an amendment to
the bill (H. R. No. 2045) to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1019) incorporating branches of the contem-
plated Southern Transcontinental Railway
Company, under the name and style of North
Carolina and Extension Railway Company;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1020) for the relief of Mrs. Catharine
Barry; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 232) relative to the com-
plaints of Davis Hatch against the Dominican
republic; which was read twice by its title,
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. TIIURMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1021) in amendment of the act entitled
"An act establishing a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States;"
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to he printed.
