1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
will not be republican inform, as measured bv
the Constitution of the United States, which
does not secure the absolute political equality
of all its citizens. Entire freedom of the bal-
lot, purity of elections, and the right of every
man to vote and speak his honest sentiments—
these are essential elements of a "republican
form of government," and must be "guaran-
tied " to and in "every State of this Union."
But what if a State shall exchange a repub-
lican for an anti-republican form of govern-
ment? What if Pennsylvania should provide
in her constitution that no one should hold .
office in that State but iron manufacturers, or
New York should say that the governorship ,
of that State should be forever vested in the
heirs male of Walter Van Twilier; or Ohio
Bhould disfranchise all except men with red
hair? What if Indiana should provide that
none but straight-haired men should sit in her .
Legislature ? What if Georgia should say that :
none but white men should hold office; or
Mississippi should provide that none but black
men should ever be elected to the United j
States Senate? Could there be found no rem- j
edy for these anti-republican grievances?^ This j
is just what the guarantee is for. It is the ;
remedy. We find in the Federalist these words i
—they are almost prophetic. Without a guar- j'
antee— !
" Usurpation might raise its standard and trample i
upon the liberties of the people, while the national
Government could legally do nothing more than ;
behold the encroachments with indignation and
regret. A successful faction might erect a tyranny
on the ruins of order and law, while no succorcould
be constitutionally afforded by the Union to the ,
friends and supporters of the Government." 1(
The conclusion is that "with a guarantee ;
such succor can be afforded."
In further support of the view I am now pre- 1
senting let me quote a sentence from the speech ,
of Daniel Webster, made in the Senate in 1830: !
" There are in the Constitution grants of power to
Congress, and restrictions on these powers. There
arc also prohibitions on the States. Borne authority
must, therefore, necessarily exist having the ultimate
jurisdiction to fix and ascertain the interpretation of
tb ese grants, restrictions, and prohibitions. The Con-
stitution has itself pointed out, ordained, and estab-
lished that authority. How has it accomplished this
great and essential end ? By declaring that the Con-
stitution and the laws of the United States made in
pursuance thereof shall be the supreme law of the
land, anything in the Constitution or laws of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding."
And Chief Justice Marshall, who ought to be
high authority, says, in the case of Cohens vs.
Virginia:
" There Is certainly nothing in the circumstances
tinder which our constitution was formed, nothing in
the history, of the times, which would justify the
opinion that the confidence reposed in the States was
so implicit as to leave in them and their tribunals the
power of resisting or defeating, in the form of law,
the legitimate measures of the Union."
Now, how shall this guarantee be enforced ?
Through the courts and by appropriate legisla-
tion. And when the law is passed it becomes
the dnty of the Executive to execute the law.
The view of this subject which I have advanced,
and which I hold must be adopted and made
universally applicable by the Republican party,
is important at this time and appropriate ; for
Congress has recently had and still has on hand
some cases of the guarantee.
I know it may seem to some that the princi-
ple I have adopted is fraught with danger to
the power and influence of the States, and will
leaa to the consolidation and centralization of
the Government. I am not afraid of this. I am
more afraid of the unrestrained power of the
States. Whence has come danger in the past?
In every instance from the States, until at last
alarge part of them madly struck at the nation's
life. We are a mighty nation, in size as well as
in material resources. We already have one
ocean on the east, another on the west, and are
destined to have a third on the north; while on
the sontii the sea will not form the limits of
territorial expansion: but the outlying islands
will be welcomed under the folds of the flag of
the free. With such a vast territorial area,
embracing all the zones of the earth's grand
circle; with citizens of every clime and nation
of the globe; with interests as diversified as the
scenery of the continent, the slightest political
convulsion would shiver our social edifice to
fragments unless we have power at the center-
power sufficient to hold all the parts of the
nation in one harmonious and homogeneous
whole. So far from this consolidation tending
to the destruction of our liberties it is our best
guarantee of protection for freedom, our only
sufficient safety; for it will give us a nation
powerful enough to protect its own existence
and the life and liberty of its humblest citizen.
With the complete acknowledgment that " we
are a nation," and not a conglomeration of
thirty-seven distinct nations, we shall enter on
a new career of power and prosperity, on
" heights unattempted yet in prose or rhyme."
Then we shall speedilyrealize, on a magnificent
scale, the gorgeous language of Milton:
"Methinks I see in my mind a noble, puissant
nation, rousing herself, like astrong man after sleep,
and shaking her invincible locks; methinks I see
her as an eagle mewing her mighty youth and kind-
ling her endazsled eyes at the full mid-day beam."
Though I love my State of Indiana, yet when
I stand on the battle-field of the nation, or any-
where under the flag, I cannot help saying,
do not call me an Indianian here; call me an
American citizen, the proudesttitle on earth. As
an Indianian I am a foreigner to the inhabitant
of every other State, but as an American I am
the fellow-citizen of the men of Maine and Cal-
ifornia, of South Carolina and Texas. It may
be distasteful, but it is none the less true, that
our institutions of government tend to central-
ization. It is well for reflecting men to con-
sider it. -This centralizing tendency would be
dangerous in an ignorant and animalized na-
tion, but among an intelligent people it is not,
for they will mold it according to their wishes.
The power will be exerted at the center, but it
will be furnished from the extremities; and the
people's liberties will be as safe as if the power
w&a exerted by all theextremities—mnch safer;
for the Qovernment will be as completely in
the hands of the people, and it will be suffi-
ciently powerful to protect all its citizens in all
their rights and liberties.
Think of the pleading wail of the Continental
Congress and of the inability of the " Confed-
eration " to tooch individuals ; and then think
of the vigor of a nation that is oue consolidated
power, as witnessed in its ability to cope suc-
cessfully with a revolt of a third of her people
occupying more than the half of her territory.
Our centralization is one of reason, and com-
mands my admiration. Were it a centraliza-
tion of brute force it would merit condemna-
tion. Were the remote parts of our country
difficult of access to: each other and to the cen-
ter this concentration of power could scarcely
take place, and wonld be more dangerous if it
did. The steamboat strengthened the unity of
the nation ; and when the locomotive reduced
a fatiguing day's journey to a pleasant trip of a
few minntes, political power concentrated still
more rapidly and surely; but it was reserved
for the telegraph to put it in the power of the
central Qovernment to reach in a few sec-
onds the most remote parts of her borders and
govern a continent as readily as a single city.
Recent utterances in Congress and elsewhere
show that the old strife between the States and
the nation is not yet ended. In such a strug-
gle I do not hesitate here and now to take
my stand on the side of the nation. On this
question of the power of the States the Demo-
cratic party is still living in the year 1798.
The Republican party has gone largely beyond
that; but the events of the last ten years, even
the events of the last two months, have shown
us that we must go a step farther, and main-
tain the power of Congress, under the "guar-
antee" clause of the Constitution and the re-
cent amendments, to check by "appropriate
legislation" any failure of any State to secure
for all her oitizens complete civil and political
equality.
3. Another work for the Republican party to
do is to purify the ballot. Through the ballot
the nation speaks, and we want to hear no
uncertain sound ; we want to know that we hear
the clear, undisguised voice of the people. We
know that frequently in some portions of our
country an election would be a farce, were it
not that it is a fraud and a crime. If last
November the electoral vote of the States had
been so close as to have given the decision to
the State of New York, the repeaters of the
city of New York would have been the real
masters of the American people, fraudulently
imposing upon the people a class of rulers
against whom they had uttered a voice of con-
demnation. The violation of the purity of the
ballot is a high crime ; it ought to be regarded
as such, and punished accordingly. In a mon-
archy, to commit an offense against the person
of the sovereign is the highest crime known to
the law. Here the ballot is the sovereign, and
offense against it ought to be demeed a towering
crime, and the offender should be treated as a
felon.
4. I come now to a subject which I approach
with confidence, and yet with a feeling of mor-
tification and shame, that so foul a blot yet
remains to find a home on American soil. At
the Republican national convention of the
year 1866, a platform was adopted, one article
• of which pronounced sentence of condemnation
against those'' twin relics of barbarism, slavery
and polygamy." The one has gone down be-
fore the advancing tread of freedom ; the other
still exists, not couchant but rampant, boldly
defying the Government and hurling its threats
of resistance into the face, of the nation. A
gigantic crime, a crime condemned alike by
the laws of man and the laws of God, flouts its
hideous and shameless criminality before the
I eyes of the world, and covers its vileness by
pleading the " rights of conscience." Would
we permit the "conscientious" Hindoo mother
to cast her child into the Potomac, were she
living here instead of on the banks of the
Ganges,or permit the widow to immolate her-
self on the funeral pile of her dead husband'!
What if Brigham Young should have a new
revelation, authorizing him to pat to death one
II half his wives, and giving to his followers a
[' like privilege ? What ifit shonld be revealed to
:j that conscientious and exceedingly religious
: i gentleman that three fourths of the male chil-
dren should be put to death ? For his murders
he would claim divine authority, as he claims
it for his present crimes, and would again defy
l the nation to touch him.
The Republican party must go back to its
| early faith. There never was a grander plank
'{ in a political platform than that which was
i; adopted at Philadelphia in 1856. It should
become a living faith to-day. Of the "twin
relics of barbarism'' one is dead; let the other
die. Cutout the monstrous cancer. Exterm-
inate it root and branch. They say they will
resist. What if they do 1 Have we not power
sufficient to compel submission ? If it needs
the sword and bayonet to teach Mormondom
obedience to law, then use the sword and bay-
onet. I wonld have obedience to law in that
locality as well as everywhere under, the flag.
I would have it peaceably if I could, but forcibly
if I must; and I would liberate the white slaves
of Utah, as we liberated the black slaves of the
Booth. No man believes in freedom of opin*
ion more thoroughly than I.do, I believe
fully in the liberty to warship God according
to the dictates of conscience; hat I do not
believe in making this right a .cover for a hid'
eous crime. These Mormons tell us plainly
that they will not obey the laws, that they will
not give up their "peculiar institutionthat
they will drive out of the Territory any officers
of the United States who go there and attempt
to enforce the laws; and yet we have lain
"supinely on our backs'' for years as if invit-
ing them to "bind us hand and foot." I con-
fess I do not like this tender-footed way of
touching a great criminal. I would use the
whole power of the nation to strike it down at
