2944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April
25,
made, and the next bill to which objection
•was withdrawn will be read.
PRBS8RVATI0K OF HARBORS.
The next bill to which objection was with-
drawn was the bill (S. No. 424) for the pres-
ervation of the harbors of the United States
against encroachment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill has
previously been before the Senate, and an
amendment reported by .the Committee on
Commerce in the nature of a substitute was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. -I should like to hear it
again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported as it now stands.
The Secretary read the bill, as amended, as
follows:
That the obief of the corps of engineers of the Army,
the chief of the Bureau of NavigationoftheNavy, and
the superintendent of the Coast Survey, are hereby
constituted a board of commissioners for the preser-
vation of tho harbors of the United States against
encroachments and obstructions; which board shall
clcct one of their number to be president of the
board, and shall in like manner elect a secretary,
who shall keep a full record of all the proceedings
of tho board. The board thus constituted shall be
attached to the War Department, and shall perform
its duties under the direction of the Secretary of War,
and shall adoptsuoh rules for its government as may
bo judged expedient. It shall be the duty, of the
board to define the boundaries of the principal har-
bors of the United States and to prescribe the limits
beyond which no encroachments shall be made, or
structure erected, or obstruction created to any har-
bor or tho channel-way of any navigable river, ex-
cept such as may beundertaken and carried on under
the authority or by permission of the United States.
It shall bo the duty of the board to recommend such
measures as may be requisite to Congress, through
the Secretary of War. for the preservation of the
harbors of the United States, and for the removal of
all obstructions therefrom; and all persons on notion
from tho board that any work in progress or contem-
plation will, in the opinion of the board, be an ob-
struction or encroachment to any harbor, shall im-
mediately cease all operations thereon, and the same
shall not bo further prosecuted without the assent
of the OoDgress of the United States,
Sec. And beit further enacted, That it shall ba the
duty of the board, having determined the boundaries
of  ny harbor ns atdresaid, to make a plan thereof,
anil to describe thesamein writing, a detailed report
ol which shall be made to the Secretary of War. and
all mops and charts defiuing tho boundaries of har-
bors shall be deposited in theofficeof the chief of tho
corps of engineers of the Army, and copies of the
same for each harbor shall be deposited in the office
i>i the collector of customs oC the district in which
said harbor is situated, and the same shall be open
to inspection of the public.
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted. That such neces-
sary traveling and incidental expenses, when in the
discharge of thfcir duties away from the city of Wash-
ington, as the Secretary of War shall approve, and
no other compensation, shall be paid to the members
of said board; and such compensation,notexceeding
$2,000 in ant one year, asthe Secretary of War shall
approve, shall bo paid to the secretary ol said board.
Mr. STOCKTON. My attention was called
away for a moment; but I should like to inquire
what condition this bill is in, and whether an
objection throws it over?
The VICE PRESIDENT. An objection will
throw it over.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to speak upon
it. I do not wish to obstruct the passage of
the bill, but I do not suppose the Senate want
to hear me address them on the subject this
morning.
Mr. POMEROY. It had better be passed over.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not desire to make
any objection to its passage, except that I wish
to speak upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will resume its
place upon the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. I make the motion because
I understand the Senator wishes to address the
Senate upon the bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to the
bill myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over. The Secretary will now resume
the Calendar, commencing on page 5, order
of business No. 209.
revision of the statutes.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 9) extending the time for revising
and consolidating the statutes of the United
States.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Committee on the Revision of the Laws
of the United States reported, with an amend-
ment, to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause in the following words:
That tho act passed June 27, 1866, providing for
the revision and consolidation of the statutes of the
United States, bo extended for the term of three
years beyond the time therein limited. And tho
President is authorized, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint commissioners to
fill any vacancy which may exist, or may happen in
the board of commissioners appointed under said
act, and in like manner may rnako new appoint-
ments at tho expiration of tho term of the present
commissioners: Provided, That the commissioners
appointed, or to be appointed, shall give their en-
tire time and attention in carrying out tho provisions
of this act.
! And to insert in lieu thereof:
That tho act approved June 27,1866, entitled "An
1 aot to provide for the revision and consolidation of
the statute laws of the United States," be, and the
same is hereby, revived, and tho President is au-
thorized, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint three commissioners to prosecute
and complete tho work prescribed by said act: Pro-
vided, That the said commissioners shall devote
their entire time and attention to their duties as
commissioners, and shall receive no compensation
: after said work shall bo completed, npr for a longer
period thrn three years from the time when this act
shall take effoct.
! The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
: ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill be read a third time. The bill was
' read the third time, and passed.
| The title was amended so as to read, "A
| bill to provide for the revision and consolida-
tion of the statutes of the United States."
judicial circuits.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No, 387) to change the judicial circuits.
Mr. STEWART. Let that be passed over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not pass it? _ We
can strike out the controverted part of it re-
quiring the judge to be appointed from the
circuit. There is now no importance in that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression
of the Chair is that when the Senate last acted
upon this bill, someofthe amendments reported
were acted upon, but there is an amendment
pending, offered by the Senator from West
Virginia, [Mr. Willey.]
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to have the bill
read at length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada suggests that it be passed over.
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the bill as it now stands amended,
and then the amendment of the Senator from
West Virginia.
The Secretary read the bill as amended, as
follows:
Beit enacted, &e„ That the districts of Maine, New
Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island,
and Connecticut shall constitute the first circuit;
the district of New York shall constitute thosecond
circuit; tho districts of Now Jersey, Pennsylvania,
Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia shall constitute
the third circuit; the districts of Mississippi, Louis-
iana,Texas, and Arkansas shall constitute the fourth
circuit; the districts of North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, and Tennessee
shall constitute the fifth circuit; tho districts of
Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky, and West Virginia shall
constitute the sixth circuit; the districts of Illinois,
Indiana, and Wisconsin shall constitute the seventh
circuit; the districts of Minnesota, Iowa Nebraska,
Kansas, and Missouri shall constitute the eighth
oircuit; and the districts of California, Oregon, and
Nevada shall constitute tho ninth oircuit.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed
to amend the bill further by adding the follow-
ing additional section:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the justices
of the Supremo Court of tho United States shall bo
residents of their respective circuits, and vacancies
now or hereafter existing in said court shall in every
case be filled by a resident of the circuit: Provided,
That the Chief Justice may preside in any circuit to
which he may bo allotted without a change of resi-
dence.
Mr. WILLEY moved to amend the amend-
ment, so as to make the section re.id:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the ju«tii'p,i
of the Supremo Court of tho United States shall reside
in theirrespective circuits: Provided, That the Chief
Justice may preside in any circuit to which he may
be allotted without a change of residence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not object to the
amendmenttotbeamendmentnow, as there are
no vacancies.
Mr. SCOTT. I had prepared ail amend-
ment for the purpose of amending the third
circuit as reported by the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us act upon this
amendment first.
Mr. SCOTT. It will probably give rise to
discussion.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the bill. I regard
that last section as flagrantly unconstitutional.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over. The Secretary will report the next bill
on the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the Senator
from Kentucky does not object to the bill if
that last clause is stricken out aud this other
one inserted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated that I would
not object to the amendment projiosed by the
Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky says he does not object to the bill, but
to that last section which raises a controversy
about a constitutional question.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us strike that out and
then pass the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky withdraw his objection ?
Mr. DAVIS. If the last section is stricken
out I have no objection to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
renew the objection at any time before final
action.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky withdraws his objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire of the
Senator from Kentucky if he has any objec-
tion to the amendment of the Senator from
West Virginia, which changes it so as not to
require the judge to be appointed from the cir-
cuit, but requires him after he is appointed to
reside in the circuit to which he is assigned?
Does he object to that?
Mr. DAVIS. I do. I do not think it is com-
petent for Congress to impose any such con-
dition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are you willing we should
vote upon it, or do you want to discuss that
point?
Mr. DAVIS. Unless the whole section is
stricken out I object to the present considera-
tion of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then it will have to go
over, because with the amendment of the Sen-
ator from West Virginia, which agrees with
my opinion entirely, I insist upon that clause
staying in. It is the best part of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next bill on the Calendar.
TROOPS IN MONTANA.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 519) to provide for the settlement arid
payment of the expenses incurred by the ter-
ritorial authorities of Montana for troops dur-
ing the year 1867.
The Secretary read the bill. It authorizes
the Secretary of War to ascertain, or cause to
be ascertained, the amount of expense neces-
sarily incurred by the territorial authorities of
Montana for arms and supplies of the volun-
teer forces called out to suppress Indian hos-
tilities in the Territory of Montana in the year
1867. If he approve the claims he is to pay
the amounts therein specified to the person or
persons legally authorized to receive them; and
$300,000, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, is appropriated to enable the Secretary
of War to carry out the provisions of the act.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to that bill.
