4832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
steam yacht fanny.
Mr. FENTON._ I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution. I send it to
the desk and ask that it may be considered
now. It came to me from the Treasury De-
partment, and has the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 230)
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
change the name of the steam yacht Fanny;
which was read twice hy its title, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to change
the name of the steam yacht Fanny, owned by
Charles H. Mallory, of Mystic, Connecticut.,
as appears by permanent enrollment No. 22,
issued at Stomngton, Connecticut, May 27.
18G8, to that of W. M. Tweed, and to grant
the vessel an enrollment in that name, the
vessel being a pleasure yaelit only, and not
engaged in other business.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 object to the passage of
that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Tennessee objects, and the resolution will be
laid over.
Mr. FOWLER subsequently said: I desire
to withdraw my objection to the passage of the
resolution introduced bv the Senator from New
York.
Mr. FENTON. The objection being with-
drawn, I ask that it be put on its passage.
The jointresolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for athiid reading, read the third time,
and passed.
MUSSAGI! FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committeeof conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (If. R. No. 38G) to
amend an ael entitled "An act to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States," approved March 2, 1807.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 742) to authorize
the Secretary of the Interior to change the
boundaries of land districts.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. Mo. 558) to incorporate
the National Bolivian Navigation Company,
with an amendment; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
a.uknd.ui'int os' bankrupt law.
• Mr. TltUMBULL. A message has just been
received from the House of Representatives,
announcing the action of the House on the
report of the conference committee in regard
to the bankrupt bill. The report is very short,
and it will take but a moment to dispose of it.
I therefore ask leave to submit the following
report from the committee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
vote? of tlic two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the bill of the House (II. R. No. 386) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," approved March 2. 1807, bavin? met, alter
full and tree confereace, Sla ve agreed to rcoumniend
to their respective Houses .13 follow^:
That, the Senate recede from its amendment, and
ngi ec to the second,-ection of the bill, with the folio v, -
in^ amendment:
ruction two, rr] 1:0 out all from the v?ord "act," in
the touith I mo. to the word " the" bctorc the words
"circuit judge." in the sixth line.
Line faeveu, srrike ou tthe word "to " and in lieu
thereof insert "may."
At the end ot the bill odd tho following: "and
cause the same to be entered nr issued, as the case
may require, by the clerk of the district court."
And that the House agree to the same.
LYMAN TltUMBULL,
A. (i. TlfUR.UAN.
ROSCOK CONK LING,
Managers on the pat't oj the Senate.
LUKE P. POLAND,
T. A. JKXCKES.
JAMES A. JOHNSON,
Mo.nofrci->: on tltc pat t of the Mouse.
The report was concurred in.
national bolivian navigation company.
Mr. 'ANTHONY. A bill has just been re-
turned from the IJouse, with an important
amendment, which will not take a second to
act upon. The amendment merely proposes
that the company shall establish an office in
New York, and that the bill shall be subject to
all future action of Congress, as it would be
any way. I ask the Senate to take up the
amendment of the House and act upon it now.
There being 110 objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 558) to incorporate the National Bolivian
Navigation Company; which was to add the
following as an additional section :
Sue. 7. And be it further enacted. That tho princi-
pal office of the coin pany shall be located in the city
of New York; and thjit. Congress shall have the power
to alter, amend, or repeal tins act at any time.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
onnuit ot' business.
Mr. SUMNER. I throw myself on tho in-
dulgence of the Senate, and ask them now  
Mr. RICE. 1 have 0 motion in the nature
of morning busin ss to present. I move that
Monday evening be set apart for the consider-
ation of the Southern Pacitic railroad bill.
Sir. SHERMAN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator iVom
Ohio objects, and the motion of the Senator
from Arkansas will be placed on the Calendar
of resolutions.
Sir. SiEWART. There is 110 objection to
considering the resolution now.
Tho V ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio objects, and it will be placed on tho Cal-
endar.
Mr. STEWART. There is no rule now by
which such a motion is required to lie over.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. 'Theold rule of
the Senate requires that all resolutionsobjected
to shall lie over one day.
ocean akfaii'.s.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to be
good enough to take up the Cuba resolution
and vote upon it.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having concluded, the Senator from
Massachusetts moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the joint resolution in
regard to Cuba.
The motion was agreed (o.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ^ The joint reso-
lution (II. R. No. I!":)) in relation to the contest
between the people of Cuba and the Govern-
ment of Spain is before the Sena!e, and the
Senator from California [Mr. Casseri.y] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHEitMAN. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the Senator from California: but
before lie proceeds I should like to make an
inquiry.
1 Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope the Senator will let
b us go on and act ou this resolution.
1 Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that an
l; older was made by unanimous consent to go
;■ into executive session at one o'clock on Mon-
I' da v.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, no.
I, Sir. SHERMAN. The Senate has already
by unanimous consent fixed Monday at one
o'clock for the consideration of the tax bill.
:j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
|. not disclose whether any resolution of that
1 character has been passed in executive ses-
i: sioti. No such resolution has been passed in
| open session. But the Chair will state to the
b Senator from Ohio that as the Senate meets
I on Monday at eleven o'clock, the bill to reduce
t, taxation will come, up at twelve o'clock", and if
I there is any order at one o'clock it Will be an
jj hoar after the bill in regaid to taxation iias
jl been called up by order of the Senate.
II The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. E. No. 320) in relation to the contest
between the people of Cuba and the Govern-
ment of Spain.
Mr. CASS13RLY resumed_ the speech he
commenced yesterday, speaking tiB the end
of tho morning hour. [See Appendix.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California will suspend. The morning
hour has expired and the naturalization bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. SIJMNEli. May I appeal to the Sen-
ator from New York ? I think a vote can be
had on this question in a few minutes.
Mr. CONKL1NG. There is, I am sure, no
prospect of a vote on that resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there is.
Mr. CONKLING. Indeed, I will say to the
honorable Senator that I wish to make some
observations on it myself unless I can hear
from him some observations which will enable
mo to understand it better than I do. So
other Senators, I am sure, wish to discuss it.
That bill, which is now in order, if it is to
become a law at all at this session, must not
lose the opportunity of this day ; and I intend,
if the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill.,]
who I see has risen, will allow me a moment,
to forego all explanation and discussion of the
bill myself for the purpose of saving time, in
the hope that the friends of a reform in nat-
uralization will stand by it to-day and perfect
it and act upon it finally before the adjourn-
ment of the Senate, which there will be no
difficulty in doing, for there will be nothing
which needs discussion except matters of detail.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to say that if my
wishes arc of the slightest value in the matter,
I would much prefer to finish at this time what
I have to say. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to that.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
is House bill No. 2201, known as the natural-
ization bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that the bill be
read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 throw myself
further 011 the indulgence of the Senator from
New York, to request thai, he will allow me to
finish now the naval appropriation bill, which
was reported yesteidav from the Committee of
the Whole to the Senate. I do not anticipate
that, it will take much tune, and the Senator,
I think", will agre" with me that it is quite
important to finish it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I think it is nothing bat
courtesy to the Senator from California that
the Senate should permit him to finish his re-
marks. He has been exceedingly kind, and
allowed himself to be interrupted constantly
during the morning hour, and on that account
lie has been unable to finish his speech this
morning. I suggest to the Senate that it is
nothing but courteous to allow him to go on
for a few minutes until he concludes.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg ray honorable
friend from New Jersey not to put me in the
position of declining, upon a point of personal
convenience, to any member of this body. I
must insist upon the consideration 0!'this bill,
this being the only day in this session when it
can be considered successfully. Upon no less
exigency than this would I interpose against
the convenience of any Senator; but the Sen-
ator from California at another time, as well
as now, can express his views touching the
Cuban resolutions. Some of the rest of us
have views v/e shall be glad to express touch-
ing the same resolutions.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move to pass over all
other orders, that the Senator from California
may be allowed to'linish his remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not now in order. There can be a motion to
postpone.
Mr. S rOCKTGN. T move to continue the
morning hour for half an hour longer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
move to postpone.
