1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483B
Mr. STOCKTON". I move to postpone.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
New Jersey moves to postpone the present and
all other orders, for the purpose of continuing
the consideration of the joint resolution in re-
gard to Cuba.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the
Senator from New Jersey if his purpose is
merely to enable the Senator from California
to conclude his remarks?
Mr. STOCKTON. Certainly. I have no
other purpose in the world.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, may I ask the hon-
orable Senator whether there is any exigency
attending the conclusion of those remarks to-
day ?
Mr. STOCKTON. I will answer the Senator
that yesterday morning the Senator from Cal-
ifornia attempted to address the Senate on this
subject, but was interrupted and cut off by
the expiration of the morning hour. He com-
menced this morning, and was interrupted four
or five timesby gentlemen, untilhereceivedall
sorts of questions in the middle of his speech ;
and just as he was in a happy train of argument,
as his friends hoped,and was progressing nicely,
the morning hourexpired, and hesimply asks the
courtesy of beitigallowed to finish his remarks.
I do not think the Senate ever refused such a
request under such circumstances.
Mr. CONKLING. We all know that the
Senator from California was in a happy mood,
as he always is, and will be so if a future occa-
sion is allowed to him; but may I ask the
Senator how much time the Senator from Cali-
fornia wishes for the conclusion of his obser-
vations?
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall not want much ;
but I decline to speak under the mere permis-
sion of the Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will have
no objection I suppose to indicating some limit
of time that will be ample. He need not use
it all unless he chooses.
Mr. THURMAN. May I be permitted to
ask whether or not everything is to be post-
poned for this measure, which is brought in
here at the end of eighty-one years since this
Government, went into existence, and sought
to be forced through here on this day? Does
the Senator from New York really suppose he
can force this bill through here this day? If
he does, he is the most mistaken man that
ever was on this floor.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I think
the Senate should see pretty clearly now that
there is something more in this than a mere
matter of courtesy to the Senator from Califor-
nia. Now, I propose, without any discourtesy
to that Senator or to any other Senator, to see
whether a majority of this body will stand by
a measure to reform the naturalization laws,
and we can all postpone together our remarks
on the Cuban question if a majority of the body
will proceed with this bill. Therefore, I insist
upon it. Let us take the question.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator from New
York inquired of me whether I had any other
object in view but to allow the Senator from
California to finish his remarks. I replied to
him certainly not; that I had no other motive.
Under those circumstances I think he has no
right to rise in this body and attribute-
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend from
New Jersey quite misapprehends me. I did
not allude to him ; I alluded to the remarks of
the Senator from Ohio about a measure that
has been brought in here at the end of the ses-
sion, after eighty-one years of the existence of
the Government. AVe see now that friendli-
ness to this bill does not go hand in hand with
the motion to postpone. That is what I meant
to say.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator had just as
little right to attribute any such motive to me.
What 1 object to is that the Senator seems to
assume that he has a right to make everything
subordinate to this favorite pet measure of his,
41st Cong. 2d Se$s.—Ko. 303.
brought in here now after eighty-one years. I
deny that.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President, I
only assume, against the Senator and bis party,
that I have the right, if I can find votes enough
in this Chamber, to put the heel of legislation
upon frauds and outrages which turn popular
elections in this country into a farce. I as-
sume that, and I will see whether the vote of
the Senate will justify me in my assumption.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, we shall see.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, it is proper,
after this untoward controversy has arisen, pro-
voked entirely by the Senatorfrom New York,
that I should say for myself that while I have
a very fixed opinion about his bill and the ob-
ject of bringing it forward at this time, I was
not even thinking of it; my mind was entirely
full of the subject upon which I was speaking ;
and I should deem myself a very unworthy
member of this body if, under the guise of
seeking to terminate my remarks on one meas-
ure, I was really practicing for some delay
against some other measure to which I was
opposed. That is all I have to say on that sub-
J0 The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senatorfrom New Jersey,
to postpone the present and all prior orders,
forthe purposeor considering the joint resolu-
tion in regard to Cuba.
The motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FEOII THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills of the Senate, with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 62G) granting a pension to
Sarah E. Stubbs ; and
A bill (S. No. 808) granting a pension to
Amanda M. Putcliey.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 352)
donating condemned ordnance for a soldiers'
monument in the city of Gardiner, Maine, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1335) to admit
the State of Georgia to representation in the
Congress of the United States, with an amend-
ment, m which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its amendment to the bill (S. No.
378) to provide a national currency of coin
notes, and to equalize the distribution of cir-
culating notes, disagreed to by the Senate,
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. James A. Gar-
field of Ohio, Mr. Thomas L. Jones of Ken-
tucky, and Mr. L. A. Sheldon of Louisiana,
managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House insisted on its amendments to the bill
(S. No. 147) granting a pension to William B.
Looney, of Alabama, and the bill (S. No.
8-10) granting a pension to Rebecca Shoe-
maker, disagreed to by the Senate, agreed to
the conference asked by the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Randolph Stuicic- ;
land of Michigan, Mr. R. S. Heflin of Ala- j
bama, and Mr. William N. Sweeney of Ken- ;
tucky, managers at the same on its part. j
The message likewise announced that the |
House insisted on its amendment to the joint
resolution (S. 11. No. 103) for the relief ol
certain officers of the Navy, agreed to the con-
ference asked by the Senate on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Glexki W. Scofiei.d of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Eugene Hale ot Maine, and
Mr. David P. Dyer of Missouri, managers
at the same on its part.
enrolled bills-signed.
Themessage alsoannouncedthat the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 2011) declaring the bridge
between Philadelphia and Camden a post
route;
A bill (H. R. No. 2224) making the 1st day
of January, the 2oth day of December, the4th
day of July, and Thanksgiving day holidays
within the District of Columbia;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 300) toamend
act of July 28, 18G0 ; and
A joint, resolution (11. R. No. 302) donating
condemnedordnancefora soldiers' monument
at Poughkeepsie, New York.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Pouter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on this day
approved the joint resolution (S. li. No. 01)
for the relief of J. R. Clark.
saha1i e. stubbs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
also lay before the Senate the amendments of
the House of Representatives to two Senate
pension bills, changing the time of their oper-
ation so as to take etfect from and after the
passage of the act, instead of the day specified.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
026) granting a pension to Sarah E. Stubbs is
to strike out all after the enacting clause and
insert:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
sionrroll, subject to the provisions and limitations of
tlie pension laws, the uamoofSarahE. Stubbs, widow
of Martin D. Stubbs, late a private in company G-,
eleventh regiment Iowa volunteers, and to pay her a
pension from and after the passage of this act during
her widowhood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This changes the
time of the taking effect of the pension from
April 11, 1870, to the passage of the act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that these bills
be referred to the Committee on Pensions. The
chairman of that committee is not present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood that the committee desired to have the
amendment concurred in.
Mr. SPENCEll. I move that the Senate
concur.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not on the com-
mittee, but if there is any member of the com-
mittee here who understands the matter I
withdraw my motion.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the amend-
ment be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
aj1anda m. ritciiey.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
also lay before the Senate the amendment of
the HouseofUepresentatives to the bill (S. No.
808) granting a pension to Amanda M. Ritchey.
This is precisely of the same character, making
the pension take effect from the passage of the
act instead of from the 12th of March, 18C4.
Mr. HOWELL. I move a concurrence ill
the House amendment.
Mr. SPENCER. I wish to remark on these
bills, that while I entirely disagree with the
House, in order to save these poor people's
pensions this session I consent to concurrence.
I think it an outrage, however.
The amendment was concurred in.
state of georgia.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the amendments of the Senate to
the bill of the House (H. R. No. 1335) to admit
the State of Georgia to representation in the
Congress of the United States.
