1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1057
a blow. It ought to be done. It most be done.
I look to the Republican party to right this
great wrong. I go back to the promise made
in its youth, and I call upon it to redeem the
pledge. This must be a part of its great work,
it belongs to our mission as a party. W e have
said it, and shall we not perform ?
5. There is still other work for the party to do,
which I can now only name, as there is not
time for entering into detail. The measures
J now mention should be secured because the
Republican party has control of the Govern-
ment, and will be held responsible. It must
reduce the expenses of the nation to the lowest
possible point by the practice of a rigid econ-
omy, and it must secure a reduction of the
interest on the public debt, so that by reduced
interest and reduced expenditures we shall be
able to lessen taxation. With economy of
administration—and we are having it now,
and shall continue to have it—and with a lower
rate of interest on the public debt, we may cut
down taxes materially, and yet be able to pay
off each year a portion of the principal of the
debt. We like to see the debt diminishing;
but there is a possibility of paying it off faster
than is necessary. I want to see the debt
diminishing. I want to have it all the time in
the course of gradual extinction. But I should
be satisfied with the payment of less than one
hundred millions per year—with the payment
of one half that amount, or even one quarter
of it.
The percentage of debt upon the whole prop-
erty of the United States is gradually decreas-
ing with the constant yearly increase in the
value of that property, and the average amount
due from each individual in the United States
is decreasing by the constant increase of our
population. Besides, if we take away from the
people and the property of the country a por-
tion of the bnrdens now borne by them, both
will increase faster still, the one in value, the
other in nnmber. I know it sounds well to have
it to say that our public debt is being dimin-
ished at the rate of $100,000,000 per year ;
and if our attention is directed solely to the
effect upon the nation in its corporate existence
as a Government, it would meet my hearty
approval. But there is another side. What
is the effect on the people ? If the heavy tax-
ation requisite to raise $100,000,000 in liquid-
ation of debt each year, cripples the industry
and productive energies of the people, the good
to the Government is more than counterbal-
anced by the evil suffered by the people.
If the debt were funded in long bonds bear-
ing from three and a half to four and a half
per cent., the people could very well afford to
pay that interest and use the money themselves
rather than to be heavily taxed to pay off a
large amount of the principal each year. To
illustrate: suppose my share and my neighbor's
share of the public debt is just $100 each, and
we have the privilege of paying it off now or
letting it run twenty-five years by the pay-
ment of four per cent, interest; he withdraws
bis $100 from productive use and hands it
over to the Government, abstracting just so
much from his productive capital, where it
might have been so employed as to double in
five years; I determine to pay the interest on
my share of the debt, letting the principal run,
and for want of a better investment I loan the
$100 at eight per cent., which I can very readily
do in Indiana, and at the end of the year I
hand over four dollars to the Government and
I lay away four dollars in my private drawer,
ilie years roll round, as you know years will,
until twenty-five years have come and gone.
I have received my interest regularly on my
money; I have paid my dues regularly to the
Government; I have $100 principal to hand
over in full liquidation of my debt; I have
$100 interest in my private drawer to transfer
to my pocket to replace the money just paid
to the Government; I have paid off my debt,
and it has not cost me a cent. . But I would
to better than this. I would make money by
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 67.
the operation; for I should invest the interest
each year as well as the principal. This illus-
trates the advantage of what I propose; not
to hasten the payment of the debt by an enor-
mous amount each year, which must be drawn
from the people by taxation; but secure a
reduction of the rate of interest, and then let
the people have the benefit of the loan by
giving them a long time in which to pay it off.
A moment more on another branch of the
financial question and I will relieve your
patience from a further consideration of this
proverbially dull subject. Wo should enlarge
or change the national banking system so as to
make it free, thus giving to the West and South
a greater volume of currency and relieving the
stringency that prevails now to an alarming
extent. The new bank issues should be based
on bonds bearing not to exceed three and a
half or four per cent., and the Government
" legal tender" should be withdrawn at the
rate of seventy-five dollars for every $100
issued by the banks. The banks would, of
course, be obliged to redeem their issues in
" lawful money," and there being no " lawful
money" except specie and "greenbacks,"
when the greenbacks are all retired the banks
must redeem in specie, and thus we shall have
found a haven of financial rest, gradually and
smoothly and without any perceptible shock.
Thus with interest diminished, with a uni-
form currency as good as gold in any State,
we shall be able to continue our reductions of
taxes and place many articles of necessity and
raw materials on the free list. Thus we shall
relieve the people from the burden of the war
taxes, which they have borne so patiently and
grandly.
Before I come to the second branch of my
subject, perhaps you will indulge me while I
say in a word or two what the Republican party
ought not to do. It ought not, it must not, it
never can or will, give countenance to any form
of repudiation of the national debt. It must
not fail to hold the Government up to thecom-
plete fulfillment of all its pledges.
I now turn from what the Republican party
is to do to what it has done; and although
you know its proud history well, yet it is not
improper to revive occasionally the memory
of its grand achievements. I stood once on a
height which overlooked the town of Chatta-
nooga, almost encircled by rebel encampments.
General Sherman stood there with a field-glass
in his hand, watching intently the movements of
the troops of General Thomas. They marched
out on the plain and advanced directly toward
the foot of Mission Ridge. There was a crash
of musketry, the rebel skirmishers gave way,
and the first line of rebel works was transferred
to " God's country." General Sherman turned
to his officers, and saidhe, " They have enlarged
the area of freedom a little."
The Republican party has enlarged the area
of freedom until no foot of American soil is
cursed with the shame of human bondage;
and it has written the word "Liberty" on the
flag in flaming letters of light. The issues
involved in the campaign of 1856 arose from
the institution of slavery, hostile alike to free
government and the freedom of man. This
was the first campaign of the Republican party.
Like a young athlete, it went into the fight
and battled with tremendous vigor against its
powerful antagonist. . It retired discomfited
but undismayed, and strengthened for a re-
newal of the conflict. The year 1860 crowned
it with victory, and the new President, its
noblest representative, took in his hands the
Government on the blackest 4th of March the
nation ever saw.
During the campaign a large portion of the
opposing party had freely made threats of
deadly hostility to the Government in the event
of the success of the Republicans. Claiming
the right of secession, they boldly declared
their purpose to destroy the Union, and no
sooner was the result known than they pro-
ceeded to put their threats into execution. The
inauguration of Abraham Lincoln took place
when the Government was almost in a state of
chaos. Seven States had passed .ordinances of
secession; numerous acts of war had been com-
mitted ; all the forts on the southern coast ex-
fe j^u^ree been seized; the Government
had been plundered of all its property located
in the South ; guns were planted on the Missis-
sippi, and that river was blockaded ; United
States vessels going to provision the starving
garrison of Fort Sumter had been fired on and
driven off.
The leaders of the secession conspiracy
seemed to have forgotten their country, the
Union of these States, and thought only of
slavery and its perpetuation; but the neople
of the North, arising in the plenitude of their
power, thought only of the Union and its per-
petuation. They saw the integrity of the Union
threatened, the Constitution boldly and defi-
antly violated in its most essential articles, the
laws disregarded, the property of the United
States seized by armed mobs; and the ques-
! tions came home, Shall the Union be main-
j tained? Shall the Constitution be respected?
Shall the laws be enforced? Shall the public
! property, the forts and arsenals of the united
; States, be protected ? They could answer these
| questions affirmatively, for the Union party was
i steering the ship of State, and the Government
was something more than a rope of sand.
The lastmessage of Mr. Buchanan had taught
the absurd doctrine that a State had no right
to secede, but if it did secede the Government
had no right to coerce it to submission. But
Mr. Lincoln found the right and the power, too,
and the Republicans sustained him. And this is
what the great Union party has done. Gath-
ering into its fold all of every party who pre-
ferred their country to party ties, it nobly met
every demand made by the Government upon
the people. It voted men and money for car-
rying on the war. Nor was this all: it fur-
nished them liberally and cheerfully. It used
all the means and appliances of warfare, and
it used them with a vigor and power not sur-
passed if equaled in the annals of history. At
last it succeeded in overthrowing a rebellion
the fiercest and most powerful that in the his-
tory of this world ever rose or fell. This great
task of the Union paTty, thus successfully
accomplished, is sufficient to elevate it above
the sphere of common party politics, and make
it preeminently the party of the nation.
I rejoice that it is my proud privilege to
belong to a party thus, eminently patriotic. I
have almost envied the men who achieved our
independence, who threw off the yoke of Great
Britain, who fought seven long years that they
might leave an inheritance of freedom to their
posterity. But if the Whigs.of the Revolution
were the founders of the nation, the Unionists
of our day are its saviours. If Washington
was the Father of hia Country, Lincoln and
Grant and Stanton and Sherman and Sheridan
and Thomas, and the rest of the boys in blue,
are its defenders and protectors.
The Republican party never once faltered.
It always stood firmly by the nation during
that terrible crisis which sometimes caused
our hearts to sink within ns, and blanched
even the cheek of the stoutest with gloom and
sadness. It was for the Union first, last, and
all the time. It adopted the words of the iron
man of Tennessee, "the Union must and
shall be preserved;" anditodded, "peaceably
if we can, forcibly if we mnst." It furnished
no traitor to take arms against the Govern-
ment, none to kindle a " fire in the rear;" but,
shoulder to shoulder, its serried columns met
every onset of the foe, with bayonets and bul-
lets in front and with ballots in the rear, and
it moved steadily on like an avenging Nemesis
until its armed enemies cried, "Hold, enough!"
Before it took up arms against the insurrec-
tionists it tried every expedient that patriotism
could suggest; it consented to every measure
that was at all consistent with the honor and
safety of the nation. But nearly every State
