1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction of Georgia—Mr. Bird.
Ho. of Reps.
monarchical power that gives such energy and
vehemence to this otherwise strange and un-
fathomable movement. There is manifestly a
desire on the other side of this House to estab-
lish precedents which they may follow when-
ever their fancy or passion prompts, giving to
Congress the absolute control of the internal
affairs of every State. That they are concerned
about the colored members of her Legislature
is a most hollow and shameful pretense, and,
as I view and regard the facts, will have a
powerful tendency, with other things in the
same category, to cover the authors of this
measure not only with derision but infamy.
For these white men who participated in the
work of expelling the colored men were willing
that the question involving the right of negroes
to hold office should be submitted as a matter
of law to the legal tribunals of the State. If
it should appear that they were entitled to hold
office they were willing to admit them. A case
was made up; the first court, composed of a
single judge, decided against the negro ; but
upon the appeal to the supreme court two of
the three judges held otherwise. This settles
the law of that State and entitles those negroes
to their seats in the General Assembly. In a
few days more the Legislature of that State
will meet, according to the requirements of the
constitution. If the white men were sincere
in declaring their intention to admit the blacks,
since the courts had adjudged it was their
right, why not wait the short space of time
intervening and let them avail themselves
of the first opportunity to make their words
good ?
But this indecent haste shows where the in-
sincerity is. The leaders of this Congress by
this bill confess that it is not want of faith in
the people of Georgia so much as to their deal-
ing with the question of negro office-holding
as now presented, as it is their fear that this
abominable fifteenth amendment will not be
ratified by three fourths of the States. Hence
it is that we have exhibitions of their views as
to the rights of a State, showing that it is com-
petent for Congress to play fast and loose with
her; to-day considering her in the Union and
listening to the voice of her sons in enacting
laws, and to-morrow sending her adrift upon
the ocean of uncertainty with threats and con-
ditions involving either abject submission or
perpetual banishment. By this bill a State is
driven from the Union. Who can fully com-
prehend this dreadful work?
It is by this most unjust and unauthorized
compulsion of Georgia that it is hoped to
coerce more northern States to yield the elect-
ive franchise to the negro and to admit him
to full political fellowship. The blow is aimed
as well at New Jersey, so unalterably opposed
to all this unholy work, as at Georgia. The
wrong is perpetrated against every State which
opposed the fifteenth amendment.
But enough in this direction. I regard this
bill as law. Notwithstanding the President
has not signed the bill, and notwithstanding
his signing it will increase the number of
the inconsistencies of the most inconsistent
^constructionist of all who have sought for
fame in that direction, yet, being the father
of the scheme, so far as the public know, he
will doubtless give it his signature.
Mr. Speaker, it becomes those of us who are
undoubting in our belief that in passing this
bill a great and flagrant outrage is committed
against the Constitution and the rights of men
in the other States to look to the future for
redress. And before proceeding further I
cannot but express, what I maintain is true,
that whatever is done toward amending the
Constitution should be so far in accordance
with the clear spirit and intent of that instru-
ment, as originally framed, as to command the
respect and finally the cheerful obedience of all
who are to be affected thereby. In this path
there is undoubted safety; in any other there
is not only fearful uncertainty, but absolute
danger, imperiling our entire system of gov-
ernment. It is possible thata State will cheer-
fully submit to what a majority in many of
them believe to be a fundamental error, such
as this claim of right to amend the Constitution
extending the franchise to the negroes, whether
each State ratifies it or not, providing that all
the States which do ratify do it of their own
free will and accord.
But if a number of the States affirming such
a proposition, indeed if one of the requisite
number, do it not of their own free will and
accord, but by compulsion, as Virginia and
Mississippi have done, and as by this bill you
expect Georgia to do, then I say it is not
probable that a State voting against the propo-
sition will cheerfully submit to the imposition.
I am sure she will not respect any such action,
and will ever stand ready to defeat its enforce-
ment and to overthrow it. I believe that there
are States in this Union which at the proper
time will show their determination not to sub-
mit. If this work be carried forward as it has
been begun the time to show such determina-
tion will soon arrive. I trust those interested
will be fully prepared. Resistance to such
dictation by every means known to the law or
warranted by the rights of men is our first and
highest duty as citizens. Resistance to such
an outrage would command respect among
freemen in all parts of the world ; and, from
the debates in the other wing of this Capitol,
some of the authors, aiders, or abettors of this
scheme have misgivings on this very point.
But they only look to resistance through that
rock in their pathway, the Supreme Court.
And, being true to their instincts, they are
already providing to remove this barrier.
I tell the majority not'to suppose that their
unholy purposes are accomplished when they
have passed this bill and compelled poor Geor-
gia to go under the yoke. Think not that all
others will fear the grim visage of Radicalism
and also bow the neck in humble submission.
No; if I understand the temper of the people,
this strange, unnatural, and outrageous inter-
ference with the rights of a free people will never
be accepted by those who sincerely love a
constitutional form of government honestly
and faithfully administered. You may append
tlys change to the Constitution, but the people
of many States will neither respect nor obey
it. It will be denounced as illegitimate, and
those who stand as its sponsors to-day will in
the hour of its peril flee from its vindication.
It will bo ignored and resisted. Great and
sovereign States will not yield to an intoler-
able degradation at the dictate of force, whether
it be aimed at them through a congressional
majority directly or through the action of a
far off State.
In my judgment, through the inauguration
of this gigantic fraud an issue of a most fear-
ful and tremendous character is now being
made up. It strikes at the very root of all our
cherished institutions, civii, political, and re-
ligious. It is not what you can compel helpless,
dependent, and prostrate Georgia to do ; it is
not whether you can compel her to adopt this
amendment or not, but it is whether other
great and sovereign States not so helpless, de-
pendent, and prostrate, but prosperous, vigor-
ous, and mighty in every resource, can be
compelled to respect, obey, and submit to the
imposition. The question will not be whether
this or that Slate has rejected it, but whether
all those counted upon ratified it of their own
free will and accord.
The acts by this bill projeeted and to be car-
ried forward cannot be concealed as if done
in a corner. The eyes of all intelligent men
are upon them, and the truth cannot longer be
hidden that the public mind is in a different
state to-day from what it was at the close of the
rebellion.^ Then the only question was the
preservation of the Union. There seemed to
be a willingness then to sacrifice every other
consideration for that one. The confidence of
the people in their rulers induced the belief
that with the suppression of the rebellion the
Union would at once be restored and all the
States left in the full enjoyment of their rights.
But now it must be apparent to all who are
not blinded by prejudice that it is useless to
expect that the rights of the people will be
respected because this or that great principle
is or is not found in the written Constitution ;
both are alike to those who have commenced
the work of demolition. When a prevailing
party announce the resolutions of their conven-
tion to the world on the right of the States to
settle for themselves the question of suffrage
only to despise it; when every promise and
pledge are ruthlessly broken ; when States are
being overthrown and turned back to chaos, it
is useless longer to remonstate. It is folly
longer to cherish the hope that this party will
be content with the violent imprisonment of
men for opinion's sake, with dealing out justice
by the sword and law by the bayonet, and with
formingconstitutionsby,the Army. It is, indeed,
madness longer to be recounting the past, or to
be too long engaged with the unpropitious
present, when the future is so pregnant with
doubt to those who love the form of govern-
ment established by our fathers and would pre-
serve it.
All men know from the slightest acquaint-
ance with the past that those who will persist
in such unhallowed proceedings as we are now
contemplating, who will enforce them upon an
unwilling people, are ready for greater daring.
The end is not yet. This system of recon-
struction is a monster which will create storm,
tempest, and disorder until the people, by the
ballot or otherwise, overthrow the authors.
There is no safety from despotism but in prep-
aration to reject this flagrant wrong; and let
the issue come. If we save ourselves and this
great political inheritance we must do it through
the just and fearless vindication of those rights
by some so long despised and rejected—the
rights of the States. In some things the States
are sovereign; in some things no other power
on earth can dictate to them; and there are
millions who believe one of those things to be
the control of the elective franchise, and
none the less believe it because the Republic-
ans ignored and contemned what they solemnly
avowed at Chicago. I ask my fellow-citizens
on this floor and throughout the land if this is
not one of those rights? This consideration,
this fundamental thought being ineradicably
impressed upon them, how can you expect
them to yield at the dictation of such instru-
ments as you hope to create in Georgia _?
It is evident this force, this fraud, this out-
rage will not end with Georgia. When the
law according to your own making is written,
when the fiat has gone forth, then what? Will
you carry on your work of reconstruction? If
New Jersey should act regardless of what has
been done by such agencies as this will you
create a provisional government there ? Will
you establish within her borders a military
"division ? Will some General Meade or Canby
disband her Legislature, and summon whom
they may choose to comply with the will of
the Radical directory?
This is what is before us. This is what you
are making up. Such revolutionary proceed-
ings as this must end in total ruin or be met
with unyielding resistance. I trust the people
understand the character of this movement.
The eyes that are now directed to Georgia will
soon be turned to another quarter. Ohio, New
York, or New Jersey may soon refuse to re-
j spect your pretended amendment; they may
declare it not to be law, to be of no binding
i force.
