44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Admission of Virginia—Mr. Mayham.
41st Cong..'..2d Sess.
Will you, then, attempt to reconstruct New
Jersey? Will you declare her out of the Union,
reject her Senators and Representatives, and
attempt to reorganize her Legislature? To
this it must inevitably come. Who gave to
Congress this power? Can Congress do the
work of an autocrat or an emperor? Caesar
could not do more than is insisted upon under
this bill.
If resistance to fraud, to wrong, to unjust
and unconstitutional legislation were ever called
for it is in this very case when the time arrives.
A fraud of this kind would never be allowed
to govern in any of the walks of life. There
is no relation that individuals sustain to each
other in which such wrongs can prevail.
Why, then, trifle with the dead past? Why
concern ourselves about the dead carcass of
slaughtered Georgia now being dragged through
mire and pollution with tyrannical and fiendish
glee? These infractions cannot be redressed
in that direction. We can learn from this
measure against that State what course the
leaders of the Republican party are likely to
pursue whenever the action of another State
seriously displeases them or is likely to thwart
their designs. The question now comes home
to the people of the North, "Will you, when
your turn comes, uncomplainingly submit, or
will you overthrow and reject all such usurpa-
tions?"
Let us look to our homes and firesides; to
the dwellers in States which yet stand upright.
Let us prepare to protect them. There our
rights can better be defended than in far off
Georgia. There wo can erect bulwarks which
Radicalism cannot and dare not assail. There,
and only there, is the hope of freemen. Reli-
gious liberty there has a secure retreat. If we
are driven from or surrender that stronghold
our fathers fought in vain, the blood of the
Revolution was shed for naught, and the sac-
rifices from then until now have been the shal-
lowest mockeries in the name of liberty.
Granting what is claimed by this Congress, and
surrender the rights of the States, and what is
left to distinguish us from the monarchies or
despotisms of the Old World?
The evil that now threatens us has arisen
from the partial abandonment of the true doc-
trine of State rights. Because the South in
a moment of madness abused the most glo-
rious principle of law in our whole system
many seem to regard it as untrustworthy. They
ignore or forget that all the power that Con-
gress has was given by the States and for the
States ; they gave nothing but what they enum-
erated, and what was given was not for the
benefit of the General Government, but for
their own ; for their own peace, security, and
protection. The beginning and the ending of
our entire form of government is the greatness
and the glory of the several States. Toaccom-
plish this object the Constitution was adopted.
And the surprisingly rapid advancement of the
States during the first seventy years of their
existence proves the wisdom of the plan.
But just now and here, where the dominant
party would at first sight seem to bring their
work of reconstruction to a close, the work of
those who have any faith at all in a constitu-
tional form of government among separate
States most clearly begins. The opportunity
should he improved by the highest mutual
resolves to which men commit themselves. To
bring back our country to the glory of its ear-
lier history is worthy of the most exalted efforts.
Let us learn wisdom from the conduct of our
ancestors and be animated with fresh courage
by observing the line of action which gave them
d name unparalleled in this world's history:
and, while we pledge ourselves to the whole
Union, never surrender the sacred rights of the
States. Is it said that I am encouraging rev-
No; lam but resisting revolution,
lhe revolutionists have been rioting in their
efforts of destruction; to prevent the final
accomplishment of their designs is my onlv
purpose.
Admission of Virginia.
SPEECH OF HOtf. S. L. MAYHAM,
of new york,
In the House of Representatives,
January 14, 1870,
On the bill (II. It. No. 783) to admit the State of
Virginia to representation in tho Congrsss of the
United States.
Mr. MAYHAM. Mr. Speaker, the wide
range taken|by the members of this House in the
discussion of the measure now under consider-
ation, and the limited time allotted to me in
this debate, precludes me from examining all
the questions which I desire to discuss in rela-
tion to the so-called reconstruction of Virginia.
I shall therefore content myself by glancing at
some of the leading reasons that will influence
me in the vote I shall cast on this question;
and I should not trouble this House with any
remarks did I not deem it due to myself and
the constituents whom I have the honor to rep-
resent upon this floor that I should state the rea-
sons why I vote against a bill with the eupho-
nious title of the one reported to this House
from the Committee on Reconstruction.
Sir, did I believe that it would accomplish
the object indicated by its title, and was really
"a bill to admit the State of Virginia to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States''
without the imposition of unjust and unconsti-
tutional obligations upon that State and its
people, I should feel constrained to vote for its
But, Mr. Speaker, this whole subject of re-
construction of a State of the Federal Union
is to me an incomprehensible enigma. I have
never been able to comprehend how the crea-
ture could reconstruct or recreate the creator ;
how the Federal Union, which is but the cre-
ation of the States and the emanation and off-
shoot of powers belonging to and conferred
by the State, could reconstruct or recreate the
States from which it derived all its powers and
even its very existence, and particularly so with
regard to Virginia, which was one of the original
States by which the Federal Union was formed.
Was Virginia ever, since the formation of
the_ Federal Government, out of the Federal
Union ? I maintain that she was not; that she
had no power under the Constitution to with-
draw from the Federal compact, and that the
Constitution of the United States conferred no
power upon the Federal Congress or execu-
tive or any other department of the Govern-
ment to thrust her out. If she is not now in
the Union, when and by what power was she
turned out ? For the answer to this question I
have listened in vain during this discussion, and
have looked in vain during the various discus-
sions upon this and kindred questions for the
last five years.
Do gentlemen say that she is out by virtue
of her ordinance of secession ? I answer that
that ordinance was unconstitutional, unauthor-
ized, and void; and I do not rest that answer
upon mere assertion alone, but upon the whole
action of the United States Government in re-
sisting secession and forcing Virginia to the
observance of her allegiance as a State in the
"-1 nion. If she had the legal right to
withdraw from the Union, then the United
Statesi Government had no right to coerce her,
and the war that was waged upon her was a
war of conquest only, and not one for enforc-
ing obedience to the Constitution; and the
vast amount of life and treasure expended in
that war can only be justified by this Gov-
ernment upon the theory that it was a war for
conquest and subjugation of an independent
Power. Sir, that position cannot be maintained
for one moment. That this Government had
the right, and that it was its duty, to preserve
and defend the Union from disintegration is a
doctrine that has been uniformly maintained
by the Federal Government from the time that
Jackson crushed out the attempt at nullifica-
tion in South Carolina down to the time of the
surrender of the confederate army in 1865.
Virginia, therefore, did not get out of the
Union by the adoption of the ordinance of
secession. The only method, then, by which
she could break loose from her constitutional
obligations to the United States was by suc-
cessful rebellion and by maintaining her inde-
pendence by the strong arm of military power.
That issue was made and tried upon the many
well-fought battle-fields in the war of the rebel-
lion, and. by the fearful arbitrament of war was
decided in favor of the preservation of the Fed-
eral Union, and that decision was announced
and acquiesced in when the confederate armies
under Lee and Johnston surrendered to the
Union armies under Grant and Sherman. In
that contest the confederates fought to get out
of the Union; the United States fought to keep
them in, and in this conflict the confederates
were beaten, the war failed to take them out
of the Union, and when it closed left them as
it found them, States in the Federal Union. Vir-
ginia, therefore, did not go out of the Union
either by secession or war, and at the close of
the war was still a State in the Union.
Again the question recurs, if now out of the
Union when and how did she get out? Sir, long
after the adoption of the ordinance of seces-
sion by Virginia the United States Govern-
ment, by the most solemn acts, recognized and
treated Virginia as in the Union, by the exec-
utive and legislative acts of the President and
Congress. On the 31st of December, 1862, the
State of West Virginia was created by the
joint act of Congress and the Legislature of
Virginia. This could not have been done unless
Virginia was at that time a State in the Union,
for by the provisions of section three of article
four of the United States Constitution it is pro-
vided that—
, State shall be formed or erected within
tho jurisdiction of any other State, nor any State be
a the junction of twoor more States or parts
states, without the consent of the Legislature of
tne btate concerned as well as of Congress."
And the act of Congress creating the State
of West Virginia recites the concurrence of
the Legislature of Virginia. There could not
be a more positive recognition of the existence
of a State by the United States Government
than the act of contracting and negotiatingand
treating with it for a part of its territory. If
Virginia was not^ then a State in the Union,
then West Virginia is not now a State, and her
Senators and Representatives have no right
upon the floors of Congress.
But I will not repeat all the acts of the exec-
utive, legislative, and judicial departments of
the Government of the United States by which
that Government treated Virginia as a State in
the Union down to the close of the war of the
rebellion. Those acts were ably historized by
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, Gen-
eral Morgau, in his remarks on this floor last
evening. I trust, however. I may be permitted
m this connection to refer to one more instance,
not ess unequivocal than that of the erection
of West Virginia, by which the Federal Congress
and the Government of the United States treated
Virginia as a State in the Union. I mean the
presentation by Congress to the State for adop-
tion by that State of the fourteenth amendment
^ the Constitution. Win it be pretended hero
that Virginia was not State in this Union when
by the vote of her Legislature she was required
to change the fundamental law of this Union
and incorporate new and important principles
in the Federal Constitution? It will therefore
be seen that Virginia wass up to the 16tb of
