3890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Mr. SHERMAN. That was my understand-
ing.
Mr. DRAKE. I give up all effort to take
up this bill at the present time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I submit to the
Senate whether it is not agreeable to_ go on
with the appropriation bill at this time instead
of at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senate resumes the considera-
tion of the appropriation bill. The Chair
hears no objection.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1871, the pending question being on
concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, to insert the following as
section two:
And be it further enacted. That tho compensation
of the female clerks, copyists, and counters employed
in the several Departments and bureaus, whose ap-
pointruents are made by tho several heads of Depart-
raents, under the provisions of law, shall, from and
after tho 30th day of June, 1870, be tho same as male
clerks performing the like or similar services; and
it shall bo tho duty of the several hoads of Depart-
ments so to classify said female employes as to carry
out the provisions of this section; and the amount
necessary to pay the increased compensation herein
{irovided for for tho year ending June SO, 1871, is
lereby appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated. And the heads of
tho several Departments are hereby authorized to
appoint female clerks who may bo found to bo com-
petent and worthy to any of the grades of clerkships
known to tho law in tho respective Departments,
with tho compensation belonging to the class to which
they are appointed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing, if
the Senate choose, that the five-minutes rule
shall commence now, so far as I am concerned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
understands.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois referred to the law as to the employment
of these female clerks. I have looked into
the law, and I find the history of the origin of
the employment of temporary or female clerks
to be what I will now proceed to state.
By the act of May 20, 1802, in the midst of
the war, we made an appropriation of $105,000
for temporary clerks, and allowed them to be
graduated, but at a compensation not to ex-
ceed $1,200. Under that law, in order to get
the full benefit of the appropriation, the then
Secretary of the Treasury employed a great
number of female employes, or counters, at
-$G00 a year.
Subsequently, by the act of March 14, 1864,
they were expressly employed under authority
of law as female clerks or counters ; and their
pay was raised July 23, 18G4, to $720 a year,
and subsequently to $900. There is no dis-
crimination in the law now against females
being employed in the clerical service of any
Department, so far as I can learn. There-is
no law to prevent them being employed as
chief clerks or any grade of clerks established
by law. The only discrimination in law is in
favor of females; that is, specifying female
clerks at this rate ; and as these appropriations
are made for female clerks, as a matter of
course the appointments must be confined to
females; but the whole clerical force is open
now to females.
I understated the number of female clerks
yesterday. I said in round numbers that it
was seven hundred ; but I find on examining
the official reports that there were in the Treas-
ury Department two years ago between five
and six hundred ; of whom four hundred and
seventy-one were employed at §900 and some
others at $720. Besides, there are those em-
ployed in the internal revenue service ; and
there are seventy-five employed in the Post
Office, seventy-five in the Patent Office, and
others employed in various Departments. [
have no doubt the number was understated by
me at seven hundred.
The origin of this system and the object of
employing females for these temporary em-
ployments was to lessen the expenditures of
the General Government. I think that the ori-
ginal plan, providing for a fixed sum of money
to be set aside by the head of a Department
for the employment of temporary clerks, was
a great deal better. Some five years ago—not,
asthe Senator from Illinois said, two or three
years ago, but five or s,ix years ago, when I last
had charge of the appropriation bills, in the win-
ter of 1864-65—there was quite a contest over
an appropriation' of $250,000 for temporary
clerks ana additional pay. The whole of these
temporary clerks were then paid out of that
fund ; but after that time we ingrafted on dif-
ferent appropriation bills specific authority to
employ female clerks; and now these tempo-
rary clerks, who were then paid out of a spe-
cific fund, cost something like from seven to
eight hundred thousand dollars.
The immediate effect of this amendment, if
adopted, will be to endanger the employment
of these ladies, will be to classify them up to
an average above $1,400, to increase them on
the average above $500 each, making an addi-
tion of from four to five hundred thousand dol-
lars to our annual expenditures, without, in my
judgment, doing the ladies any good.
I appeal to the Senate to let this matter go
over until there can be a revision of the general
clerical force in the various Departments, and
that is now being done. There is a bill pending
before the Committee on Retrenchment now
reorganizing the clerical force of the various
Departments of the Government. When that
bill can be reported we shall then have some
classification in regard to the ladies employed
in the various Departments; but at present I
trust the Senate will not add this large expense
to the Government without any occasion. I
will not prolong the discussion now because I
wish to see the end of this debate and the end
of this bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. As I propose to vote against
this amendment, I wish to state in a few brief
words the reason which will control my vote.
We have in the Departments what are denom-
inated four separate classes of clerks, first,
second, third, and fourth; and their com-
pensation is scaled according to their classifi-
cation. Now, it is asked if we will not pay
to the woman the compensation we do to the
man who performs the same service that the
man does. To that proposition I would say
yes ; it is a very clear and distinct proposition;
but I' submit that that is not the proposition
contained in the amendment, and it is not the
proposition before the Senate. In substance
you have by your laws created, in addition to
the four classes I have mentioned, yet another
class of clerks, and that class is mainly filled, if
not exclusively filled, by females at a lower
compensation than the lower class of the others
I have enumerated, the first, second, third, and
fourth classes.
That was the design; that was the object.
And when you state the question, " Will you
not pay them the same compensation that you
pay otherswho do thatwork?" you must apply
that rule to the other classifications; and what
is the result? The first class is the lowest;
and yet you cannot go into a bureau in a single
Department of this Government where you will
not find a first-class clerk doing work side by
side with a second or third class clerk, and
doing, the identical Work. Then I put the
question, will you not pay the first-class clerk
the same compensation you pay the second or
third class clerk if he does the same work and
earns the same money? The argument, if it
be worth anything, is one that must scale every
first-class clerk up to second class, if he be
doing precisely the same work that the second-
class clerk is doing. And I say you cannot go
into a bureau ,of this Government where you
will not find the first-class clerk doing the same
duties as the second class, and the second class
doing the same duties as the third; and the
argument, therefore, if applied at all, should
be applied in full, and you would be obliged
to carry up all these classifications on the same
argument.
Now, I want the second clause offered by
my colleague adopted, authorizing the Depart-
ments to appoint female clerks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Isnot that the law now ?
- Mr. HAMLIN. If it is the law, then it is not
necessary. I do not think there is any law
about it; but the law leaves it open. There-
fore, if you .put it in here it would be an indi-
cation of the sense of Congress that we would
desire that women should be regarded as suit-
able persons to be appointed clerks. Then let
the male or the female who fills tho lower class
of positions, lower than theiirst class, so called,
(for this is a classification, and so designed, as
the Senator from Ohio has well said, for the
purpose of reducing the expenses of the cler-
ical force in the Departments,) be on the same
footing; let that grade stand open alike to male
and female, and so, if you please, of the
'others. But for no consideration in the world
do I think we should touch this classification
now. It is a classification ; and we are, it is
said, to have a new order of things, a new class-
ification throughout. It incurs a very large
expenditure, and it is a vote of the Senate vir-
tually to carry a lower class of clerks up to a
higher. On the argument and the reason which
I have heard—and certainly that was the argu-
ment which my friend from Illinois made the
other day, when he said, in the very language,
I think, of the amendment, that you should
pay them the same compensation if they do
the same work—you must apply that rule, if
it be, worth anything at all, to all others, and
you produce infinite confusion, and do just as
much mischief in doing it as you will certainly
do wrong in omitting to do it. For these rea-
sons I shall vote against the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, we are
met now just as we were a year ago with ob-
stacles in the way of doing what we seek to do.
My friend from Maine is in favor of the propo-
sition to pay a female the same as a male where
she does the same work. That is just; but
there is a difficulty, and we are told this amend-
ment does not accomplish it. Will the Senator
from Maine be good enough to offer one that
will accomplish it? That is all I want. We
tried to do this a year ago and we were met by
this same sort of argument that we should
unsettleall theDepartments. Now we are told
that we shall have to put the first-class clerks
up to fourth-class clerks. I wish to inquire of
the Chair if it is now in order to amend the
amendment made, as in Committee of the
Whole ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is amendable.
Mr. TRUMBULL.^ Then, I wish to meet
the objection of my friend from Maine by offer-
ing as an addition to the pending amendment
these words, " butthe number of second, third,
and fourth class clerks shall not be increased
by this section." That certainly will prevent
the number of second, third, and fourth class
clerks from being increased; and my amend-
ment does provide—and I want it to provide,
and I am sure the Senator from Maine wants it
to provide—that if a female clerk is copying,
just what the most of the first-class clerks do,
she shall have the same compensation for doing
it as the first-class clerk; that is, $1,200. In-
stead of this involving four or five hundred
thousand dollars, if the Senator from Ohio
will resort to his arithmetic again, and take
his own figures, he will find—what? He says
there are seven hundred female clerks now.
Assuming that, every one of them would be
raised.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are more than that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This amendment will
not meet some of those clerks. 1 do not ap-
prehend that it will cover anything like seven
hundred. It will not cover those females who
are in the printing bureau, I presume.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; but there are over
seven hundred now who receive $900 a year.
Mr. TRDMBULL. It will cover the seven
