1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
is never behind the age; it marches shoulder
to shoulder with tlie present; it represents
all that is good and great in the nation ; it has
saved the nation from destruction ; it has en-
larged and extended human liberty, and it will
very soon, by the ratincation of the fifteenth
amendment, crown with justice the temple of
the nation's freedom.
I shall now " move upon the works" of the
Democracy. After what passed here ia this
House a few days since I cannot take my seat,
after having pronounced the duties of the Re-
publican party and glanced at its past history,
without presenting before this House and the
country thp Democratic party ; and I impeach
that party of high crimes and misdemeanors.
In the name of a people whose executive and
legislative trust it betrayed I impeach it as
faithless to the nation and false to the Govern-
ment it had sworn to preserve, protect, and
defeud. In the name of liberty 1 impeach it
as false to our grand idea of human rights. In
the name of honor, of common honesty. I im-
peach it as guilty of a deliberate attempt to
destroy our national credit and spread com-
mercial ruin through every State, county, city,
village, and hamlet in the land.
I will not trace the history of the Democratic
party during the years 1860, 1861, 1862, 1863,
1864, and 1865. The details are too sickening.
Stat nominis umbra! Like the hypocrite who
steals the livery of the court of Heaven to serve
the devil in, so Democratic leaders stole the
name Democracy to serve JefF. Davis in. His-
tory will teach to the latest posterity that all
through those dark and dreadful years of the
naiion the Democratic party, in all its acts as
a political organization, in its secret conspir-
acies, and in the public utterances of many of
its leaders, gave aid and encouragement to the
rebellion of the southern States, the blackest
conspiracy that ever scourged the earth. Had
their mad schemes succeeded, like the petty
South American republics, we should have been
engaged in continual broils. Border raids,
bitter feud3, and deadly internecine wars would
have drenched the whole land in blood ; peace
would have fled the habitations of men, and
only the " Cains of humanity walked proudly
with impious brow about the ruins of liberty
on earth."
Such was the banquet to which we were
invited. Oh, Democracy! Democracy 1 how
many crimes have been committed in thy
name 1 The last vestige of principle had aban-
doned the party. It lay a stranded hulk,
through whose shattered sides the quintessence
of Democracy had all leaked ont, and all good
men fled from it as rats flee from a sinking ship.
From the beginning of the war to the present
moment our political opponents have had but
one policy, to predict evil and then labor to
verify the prediction. They prophesied that
the rebellion could not be crushed by war,
and then exerted all their energies to make
good the prophecy. They predicted the suc-
cess of the rebel confederacy, and then assisted
the rebels in their work. They said the war
was a failure, and then tried to make it so.
They predicted a war of races in the South,
and then tried every means possible to bring
on a war of races. They prophesied that
"greenbacks" would be utterly worthless, and
ever since the war they have advocated just
that course which if adopted would inevitably
make them worthless; and now, in furtherance
of the seheme, the gentleman from Indiana, my
colleague, who addressed the House on Friday
of last week, proposes to issue $1,600,000,000
of "greenbacks" in addition to our present
currency. Then that prophecy will be fulfilled;
and as the distinguished Democratic candidate
for the Vice Presidency in 1864 predicted in
this Hall, "greenbacks" will indeed go forth
with the mark of Cain upon them, fugitives
and vagabonds upon the earth."
l^e beginning of the war, right on
through those bloody years, and up to this
moment, the Democracy have predicted the
downfall and ruin of the national credit, and
have never ceased to labor for the verification
of their predictions; but with most obstinate
and unreasonable persistency, the credit of
the nation has steadily improved since March
4,1869, in spite of their ill-omened work. As
it is impossible now to calculate how much the
encouragement afforded the rebellion by the
Democratic party prolonged the war, or how
muchit added to the harden of the national debt,
or by how many scores of thousands it swelled
the numbers of the maimed and the slain, so we
never shall be able to estimate in its full force
. the depreciation of our national wealth and
the crippling of our material progress by Dem-
ocratic threats of repudiation, open and covert.
A threat of repudiation from a great party be-
numbs all the channels of trade as the shock
of a galvanic battery does the human system.
And when I speak of threats of repudiation
; I allude not alone to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Mitogen] or the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Golladay ;] I allude as well to the
more dangerous, because more polished and
plausible blandishments of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees.] More dangerous
for another reason, because in his covert
repudiation he has a larger following. The
party stands at his back and cheers him on to
the same goal which his confreres in repudia-
tion hjive reached by one step, while he takes
two. Sir, you saw the party gather around
him the other day and give him hearty greeting
i when he had finished. Their congratulations
\ were given not so much for his polished elo-
quence as for the winding walks and flower-
!, strewn pathways by which he conducted them
to the inephitic gulf into which the gentleman
from Kentuckysprangatabound. Theystand
aloof, and coldly, nay, hotly rebuke those who
, call things by their right names, who with more
honesty but less discretion say boldly, "Wipe
! out the debt by a refusal to pay." This is the
i goal they desire to reach ; but they would not
travel it in the blaze of day; they prefer to
, walk through pleasant by-paths, well shaded
i with green. You know the approval my col-
| league received; and shall I prove to you that
| his speech means repudiation from the begin-
I ning to the end of it? Does the gentleman
I deny that.such is the fact? Himself shall be
| my witness. Out of his own mouth will I con-
i demn him. He foots up the amount of debt
| which he says has no consideration, and he
! makes it $1,550,558,956 ; largely more than
' one half the entire debt, principal and interest,
| all told. And here is what he says of this
i portion of the debt—I read from the Globe:
i that this—
| " Vast proportion of the public debt as it is stated
i upon paper has no existence whatever in reality;
j that it is a fiction created by unjust and scandalous
■ legislation, or the still more unjust and scandalous
| perversion of the true contract; that it is a fraud
j fastened u pon th« labor of the nation utterly without
consideration eithor legal or moral."
And again he pronounces it-*-
'' A speculation as wholly and totally unsupported
by a particle of consideration as the highwayman's
profits upon a midnight adventure." * * * *
I propose to tear away the obscuring veils which
have heretofore shrouded this question. Ishall run a
dividing line between the sound and the unsound,
that an honest peoplo may see plainly their duty to
themselves and their posterity."
I should not talk in that way about a private
debt which I owed if I intended to pay it, and
| if the gentleman owed me and talked of his
j obligations after that style I should expect to
I get my money by law, if I got it at all. He is
' ready, then, by his own words to strike down
more than one half the debt, covering up the
repudiator's tracks by arguing a want of con-
sideration. But this is not all. He proposes
an issue of currency for the "payment" of the
five-twenty bonds, and then says:
Three fourths of the debt would be paid, and the
balance can be encountered with hope and without
systematic oppression."
I may be very ignorant. My experience in
this body is but short; but, with most plain
people, I have supposed that the legal-tender
note was a debt which the Government was
legally and morally bound to pay; yet here is
my distinguished friend assuring us that when
the five-twenty bonds are canceled by an issue
of $1,600,000,OOOof greenbacks "threefourths
of the debt will be paid." I cannot understand
it. I never could, though I have heard it so
much. If I only could understand it I think
I could soon accumulate a fortune by running
in debt. I would commence with my friend
and colleague. I would borrow $5,000 from
him, giving him my bond, payable in one year
at six per cent. When the year came around
I would hand him my note of hand without
interest and payable at my pleasure, receive
my bond, and tell him he is paid. Of course
he would be content, for that is his theory. I
, think I could make a fortune in a few months,
! provided Democrats will practice what they
| preach.
Is this kind of trickery " payment? " It is
nothing but repudiation, and very thinly dis-
guised at that. I confess I prefer the bold
advance of the gentleman from Kentucky.
There was a very good old lady once told her
pastor that she wished to ask him a question
which had perplexed her mind for more than
ij twenty years. He bent his ear to listen, and,
i said she, " When Elijah was taken to Heaven
I! in a chariot of fire, did he go straight up or did
| he go slantindicular ?" I do not know the
good pastor's answer, but for myself, if I were
seated in Elijah's flaming car, as I would
rather go direct than slantwise to Heaven, so
I would rather spriog "sheer over the crystal
battlements" direct into the bottomless pit
of repudiation than to be blown about in a
" limbo" of greenbacks, zigzaging down into
the same bottomless gulf. Yes, if 1 were going
to repudiate the national debt I would strike
openly and with imperial boldness; and, for
the encouragement of the gentleman from
Kentucky, I can assure him that he is follow-
ing an illustrious example. The idea of repu-
diation is not original with any of the gentle-
men of this House, whether advocating it in
its open or its covert form. They have an
illustrious master in this bad iniquity—
" He, above the rest
In shape and gesture proudly eminent,
Stood like a tower."
In all history there is no more repulsive
character than Philip II of Spain. Every
fiber of man's nature, every sentiment of hu-
manity, revolts and sickens at the view of thia
monster clad in crime as with a garment. It
was fitting that human depravity should find
its " lowest deep " in such a wretch, and that
he, the living embodiment of crime—himself
a hell—should teach the nations and his disci-
ples in the Amerian Congress how to wipe out
the debts he had created. I give you his words
after he had lost the Spanish armada, after he
had ravaged the Netherlands, desolated Prot-
estant Europe, and created a burden of debt
not easily borne. Listen to the imperial ukase:
" Whereas it has cometo our knowledge that not-
withstanding all which our royal incomes from this
monarchy and from without have yielded," * *
* * "we find ourselves now so wholly exhausted
and ruined, and, as it were, reduced to nothing, that
although the foremost cause of this ruin is the great
and incredible expense which we have sustained and
are still enduring for the protection of Christendom,
other chief causes are the grievous damages, dis-
counts, and interest which have been forced upon us,
and which at present obtain in the finances, bills ot
exchange, and other obligations which hare been
made and taken up in our name, since we could not
escape the same, in order to provide for our so
entirely necessary and pressing necessities.
* * * Therefore to put an end to such
financiering and unhallowed practices with bills ot
exchange, to the disservice of the Lord God and of
us, with great injury to our kingdom,
* "wo have now jfiven coxnmfi-DO. to devise sonio
means of restoring order;" * * * * . 'and
we have found no other remedy than to call m and
to disburden our royal incomes, liberating the same
from the unjust damage put upon them through this
financiering and bills of exchange, which we havo
suffered and are continuing to suffer, at the time wc
made such contracts, in order to avoid still greater
embarrassments that would have arisen had there
been want of provision for our military affairs." *
* * * "Accordingly we suspend, and
